
KVSPARROW
A Shadow Wars Novel
By DAK
Copyright © 2012 by DAK
Smashwords Edition
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
All rights reserved. No part of this book may be used or reproduced in any manner whatsoever without written permission, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical articles or reviews. Please do not participate in or encourage the piracy of copyrighted materials in violation of the author’s rights. Purchase only authorized editions.


The following is a work of fiction. It is not intended to portray real events nor is any character meant to depict or portray any actual person, living or dead. Although many of the locations in the story are real, the events described are imaginary.
Seriously.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
Acknowledgements
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Epilogue
Glossary Of Terms


Acknowledgements
Customarily an author begins this section by thanking variously his or her editor, agent and assorted publishing personnel. For obvious reasons, I will forego that tradition. Instead I want to thank, in light disguise, those people whose being in my life has enriched and ennobled it. Without you I would not be the man I am today. More to the point, absent your encouragement, this book would never have been written. Thanks then to C, without whom life as I know it would be worthless. To Pollywog, Double Happiness and NP aka Dudeman, you are my true audience, first last and always. 007, welcome to the clan. To the most faithful friends a man could ever have, JMB and SMB. My love and appreciation always. You are and will forever be missed.
Finally but not last, I owe a debt of gratitude to Walker, my partner in some very interesting times. Either we both come home or we both die in place. You have no idea what a comfort it was to go in harm’s way with someone who meant and lived that level of dedication.
Keep the faith.
DAK
2011
.
Note to the reader:
This book is meant to be a look behind the curtain, a glimpse into the tactics, techniques and procedures, the essential tradecraft in action, of a covert operator in the gray world of deniable intelligence activities. As such, it features a significant amount of explanation designed to enhance the reader’s understanding of the mindset of an operator when facing the issues and challenges which occur in the narrative. This may seem to some to disrupt the flow of the story. To others it may seem excessively detailed and delay getting to “the good parts.” These are valid criticisms of a typical novel, if this were intended to be such. It is not (please see the above). While it is my intent to entertain, it is equally my intent to show operational reality as I have lived it. I hope you read this work as much for a glimpse of this reality as for the “thrills.” To my fellow operators who may read this work, yeah, I changed a few things simply because it didn’t seem right to put that info out there. You’ll know it when you see it. All other errors are me half stepping. Mea culpa. Stay Safe.


Chapter One
It wasn’t too hard to read the guys following me or figure out their intentions. I’d seen them both hanging out near the café where I’d had coffee before walking away from what used to be called Prince Boulevard uphill into Bregu i Diellit. My route this evening had been largely random, trolling around Pristina revisiting old scenes and locations, reacquainting myself with a city I knew and loved almost as much as I did my own hometown back in the States. Coming back here after nine years away had awakened some old ghosts. They reminded me of a time which seemed much further away and more innocent than it actually was. I’d been here at a time when the war had ended but the killing continued. It had been one of the most intense, exhilarating and enjoyable periods of my life and even now, after spending several years in two very hot wars and a few more years working on various covert contracts, I still looked on my time in Kosovo as a high point. The city had changed, some for the better with new buildings and a sense of progress, some for the worse as the tentacles of organized crime and behind the scenes power brokers wound their way deeper into the nascent government of the new state. It was nothing I hadn’t seen before in other parts of the globe but it bothered me just the same. I liked Kosovo and its people far more than I had any of the other places in which I’d lived and worked. Seeing it being eaten by a cancer from within made my joy at returning a bit muted.
The mental reverie as I walked and taxied around the city hadn’t dulled my situational awareness however. I wasn’t here as a tourist and while it was doubtful that the opposition would be aware of me until I went to the right places and spoke with the wrong people, keeping at least a minimal awareness of one’s surroundings is a required skill in my trade. Ramping up that constant attention to detail while on a mission is so fundamental as to go unstated. So when the two young dudes who had been eyeballing me as I left the café appeared behind me as I walked uphill, I knew there was not much chance of coincidence. They wore cheap leather jackets against the fall chill and thin, fresh from Turkey, counterfeit Levi’s. Both had dark hair cut in the mussy style some Albanian guys seemed to favor nowadays and were shooting what they must have imagined were surreptitious glances at me while studiously looking away when I happened to face them. I had turned off Ramiz Sadiku, as I still thought of Prince Boulevard, and headed uphill at the old World Food Program intersection just shy of the start of Pristina University. When I paused to light a Tampa Sweet, my two fans appeared around the corner and then slowed and found a sudden need to stop and hold a conversation. This, combined with having seen them just a few moments before, drew my attention and I took the next left onto a street which paralleled Ramiz Sadiku to see if they continued to follow. They did, staying about a half block behind me and on my side of the street. This poor tradecraft made it unlikely that they were trained but didn’t preclude the possibility that they were there to draw my attention and help hide a more skilled surveillant. It was more likely that they were simply opportunistic criminals, something with which Kosovo was plagued. Still, in deference to my professional paranoia, I continued straight toward the next intersection which had a small grocery store on one corner. Slipping inside, I browsed the shop near the large front window and saw no one else on the street and no vehicles which parked nearby and retained their passengers. It didn’t mean there wasn’t some additional actually skilled surveillance holding back and bird dogging me through watching the two clowns now again engrossed in a conversation on the opposite corner but it was pretty unlikely. Odds were that these two were Up To No Good and that I featured heavily in whatever get rich quick scheme they had in mind.
As I reached this conclusion my mind flashed back on a time when, as a young recruit, I and my classmates had been the beneficiaries of a situational awareness lecture by an older, battle scarred veteran. Pared to its essentials, his lecture stated that there is a regrettable human tendency to not believe the unusual even when we’re looking for it and would otherwise recognize it immediately if it involved someone else. Anytime you take measures to enhance security, either yours personally or on behalf of someone else, the first thing you need to do is be prepared to believe yourself. Anticipation without projection is the key. Think what a threat would look, sound and feel like and then take steps to detect it. Creatively anticipate it and then when it does materialize, don’t do as most people and go into denial. If you park your car under a streetlight and walk a certain path to get there having looked for possible ambush points at that time of night and then one evening you see a hulking thug lurking right where you expected someone might…get the hell out. It is exactly what it looks like. And if it isn’t, all you’ve done is spend a little extra time in maintaining control of your environment. Too many people, when faced with this type of situation, recognize it for what it is but refuse to accept that it could actually relate to them. While they wrestle with denial and the fear of looking foolish, precious time slips away and they lose the chance to act. I’d had this lesson hammered home while still a young man. Nothing I’ve experienced since has shown it to be invalid. This meant that since the two guys following me were doing so with intent, it behooved me to treat them as hostile. I’d actually begun to act based on this observation when I made my second turn onto this residential street and now, suspicion hardening rapidly into certainty, I was prepared to act without hesitation or self-doubt.
The intersection provided access to Gazmend Zajmi, a street which ran up and down the large hill which gave Bregu i Diellit part of its name of Sunny Hill. Turning downhill would put me heading back toward Ramiz Sadiku but more importantly it would allow me to turn left when the street turned right. This left turn would put me into a wide alley called, if memory served, Arton Cella. This was almost a street and ran behind the buildings fronting on Ramiz Sadiku and the backs of the houses on the street I’d just traversed. If my followers had an innocent destination there they could have much more easily taken any of a number of short passages between the buildings to reach this alley. Following me into it would be a strong indication of direct interest which would require a response on my part. Since they seemed more like common criminals a mugging appeared likely; however it was marginally possible that despite our best efforts, our opposition had aimed them at me. Either way I could exploit the opportunity following me into the alley would provide. A direct confrontation might seem unwise while avoidance of a potentially messy encounter which might involve the police would be in keeping with the need for a low profile and discretion that is de rigueur for covert intelligence activities. This time, however, I elected to go with a straightforward confrontation as it seemed likely that these two were simply muggers who were unwittingly targeting me. Having them dogging me looking for an opportune moment could create more hassle than confrontation would. It would also perhaps help me sort out if they had in fact been run at me by someone else, a sort of low level targeting intended to obtain my documents and determine my skill set. If this was the case at least part of the information gap would be filled in when the two were unable to complete their mission. That only meant I’d need to manage the confrontation in a way and place where my cover for status wouldn’t be compromised.
Pondering this requirement, I bought a newspaper, my rusty Albanian being sufficient for the task, and headed out the door without a glance across the street. I kept the paper, Koha Ditore if it matters, in my right hand and walked downhill, turning left into Arton Cella when the street turned right. I flicked my cigarillo in the ditch as I entered the alley. Back in the day there was a brothel, with frequent name changes but the same management and client base, in a house at the far end of the alley. The parking area there was always left open by the residents of the apartments fronting Ramiz Sadiku so the brothel patrons had a place to park. This wasn’t from courtesy so much as from the fact that vehicles which didn’t belong to the patrons or the management were frequently vandalized past the point of usefulness. Folks who lived here turned a pretty blind eye to the immediate area and that, combined with the dark setting, meant I would have a good place to work. Glancing at the Panerai Luminor GMT on my wrist I saw it was 2155 hours, nearly ten o’clock in the real world. The alley was as I remembered it, dark, deserted and with plenty of patches of deep shadow. Good enough for government work. I slowed my pace, drawing my two new friends closer and into a patch of shadow beside the high wall at the rear of the houses on the alley’s east side. Turning as if suddenly aware of their presence, I folded the newspaper twice as if fiddling with it unconsciously. This served to compact it slightly. As I finished fiddling, my new friends closed the twenty feet or so between us.
When you know you’re about to get into, let alone initiate, a violent confrontation, it’s a very good idea to give your opposition a false façade, something that looks like what they expect and which will make them overconfident. Dropping into a crane stance and making chicken noises will only cause them to become cautious and deploy whatever weaponry they have with as much skill and sophistication as they possess. Posing and drama is for the movies…in real life it’s all about who wins and who does not. This is why I edged slightly backwards as they came closer, glanced quickly to right and left as if looking for a way out and swallowed nervously while not meeting their gaze. You need to look at an opponent’s upper chest anyway in a fight; the eyes tell you exactly zip and looking there you can’t see stance and foot movement or weight transfer in your peripheral vision. So I played the part of the tourist taken unaware and uncertain as to what was about to transpire. Both guys stopped about three feet away and exchanged grins. Guy number one, slightly larger than his underfed buddy, produced a cheap switchblade and flicked it open as he began to talk. I didn’t wait to hear what he was saying as talking seriously slows reaction time. The additional surprise factor of being attacked after producing a weapon he obviously expected to provide an advantage was a bonus I didn’t want to squander. I wanted to apply the magic formula of speed, surprise and violence of action, and there was no better time than now.
The folded newspaper had sufficient heft to stay largely together as I flipped it into knife guy’s face. The pages which spread out during the short flight helped obscure his vision and create the automatic reaction people have when something flies at their face unexpectedly. Knife guy flinched, raising his hands to protect his face and this preventing him from noticing the front heel thrust I delivered to his right knee with my left foot. The joint hyperextended with a wet cracking sound and knife guy gave a high pitched sort of shriek which cut off abruptly as I powered a left forearm into his throat. I added a right elbow to the face which knocked him over and back in a heap. All this took far more time to tell than to complete. Real violence committed by experienced practitioners is a very sudden event. I’d been studying and teaching some rather brutal combat oriented martial arts for thirty five years at that point and honestly couldn’t recall the number of times I’d used that skill set and meant it. Guy number two was to my half right when I finished my elbow strike, just beginning to realize that something had gone very wrong with the soirée. His eyes widened so the whites were visible even in the dark shadows of the alley. Little details like that stick with you for some reason as the brain processes information at an incredible rate under combat stress. To his credit, his immediate instinctive reaction wasn’t to draw back or run. Instead he lunged forward swinging a right haymaker at my head. Brave but ineffective as he ran straight into the mid-line side thrust kick I timed to meet him on the way. The kick folded him and threw him back to bounce off the wall. I followed quickly, catching him with a low hook sweep that took his legs out from under him and sent him tumbling to the deck. This made stomping his head a very easy thing to do so, not wanting to let the opportunity slip by, I crunched his head against the pavement a time or three. One has to be a bit careful when kicking someone’s head when they are down. It’s easy to do more damage than intended and wind up killing or seriously injuring them. In this case I pulled the stomps a little, wanting only to put him out for the duration as well as fuck him up enough to satisfy my desire for cosmic balance. I guess I’m just a philosophic kinda guy. In any case, guy number two was hors de combat and not going anywhere anytime soon. I turned my attention to knife guy who was gurgling and whining around his busted knee.
The rationale behind ambushing these mopes was to attempt to determine if they were sent for me specifically or perhaps just had a really bad target selection capacity. This being the case I needed to speak with at least one of them and I’d registered that knife guy had said something in English. This meant he was likely to be able to communicate with me which in turn had meant his unlucky buddy was superfluous and thus stomped into la la land.
Two’s company, three’s a crowd.
I kicked the switchblade away into the dark and dropped to a knee beside knife guy. He was hurting pretty badly and offered no resistance when I secured his hands by pulling them together over his head, arms outstretched and fingers intertwined in my grip. A quick frisk came up with no more weapons but did yield a wallet, cell phone and keys. These went into the front pocket of my old and well-travelled Barbour Beaufort jacket. After a brief scan of the area which revealed no obvious signs of attention, I grasped knife guy’s face with my left hand and turned it toward me.
“Hi, asshole”, I said. “Why did you and your friend just try to mug me?”
Knife guy tried to shake his head and babbled something in Albanian which wasn’t where I wanted the conversation to go. I moved very fast, letting go of his fingers and clamping my right hand over his mouth while I dropped a hammer fist onto his broken knee with my left hand. He convulsed and attempted a scream, most of which I stifled with my weight and hand over his mouth. He also tried curling into a ball and pushing my hand away, something I estimated was more instinctive than deliberate. Still, I wanted a chat, not a wrestling match, so I switched the hammer fist to a center punch after rising up enough to drive it straight down into the vulnerable joint. Knife guy, as I expected, passed out and fell back limply onto the dirty pavement. It took only a few seconds to drag him and his buddy against the wall, position guy number two where I could see him beyond knife guy and tie knife guy’s hands together with his thin imitation leather belt with its aluminum Hugo Boss buckle. He was coming around when I finished and I again brought his face toward mine and raised my fist threateningly.
“Any more noise and you won’t ever walk right again. Understand?”
This got a nod and a quickly gasped yes. Actually he said “po” but since this means yes in Albanian I wasn’t going to quibble. I am, after all, a reasonable man.
“OK, perhaps I was impolite before. Let’s start over. Why did you pick me to try to rob?”
My unhappy interlocutor took a second or two to process the question and then tried to shrug.
“You look like rich tourist, maybe UNMIK, maybe stupid. We wanted watch and money. Nothing bad, just want money for food. Please mister, nice huh? Please?”
His advantage of numbers and weaponry having failed, knife guy turned to the “oh please be nice to me, I’m just a poor disadvantaged guy trying to get by” routine that is the sob song of bad guys the world over once they find themselves unable to finish victimizing someone. I’d heard versions of this bullshit on four continents and hadn’t bought it then and wasn’t so inclined now. I knew he wouldn’t have felt an ounce of compassion for me had the situation been reversed and he was only in this predicament because he’d pulled a knife and tried to rob or possibly kill me.
Violent crime is a full contact event. The user assumes all risks.
Those risks include picking someone like me as a victim. I had sympathy for folks he might hurt but none for him. Hell, the Al Qaeda and Taliban I’d fought and occasionally interrogated had more courage and honor than this sorry fuckwit.
I explained, in slow simple words, that I really didn’t care about him and wanted only to know why he picked me. Had someone pointed me out? The look of puzzlement he gave me told me it wasn’t just the language barrier. He genuinely didn’t get it because it hadn’t happened. He shook his head vehemently, repeating Yo, Yo, Yo which is Albanian for no. It appeared to be a relief to him to be able to make me happy, something one wants to inculcate in a subject under interrogation. While this was all rather quick, dirty and off the cuff in an alley less than fifty yards from one of Pristina’s main streets, it was enough for me. The odds that he was an excellent actor under these conditions were slim followed by none. If he had that kind of intelligence and talent he’d also have better skills in other areas such as a foot follow. He’d also be much less likely to be sticking up random tourists. I stand an even six feet, weigh about two twenty five of muscle and very little middle aged spread under a shaved head and a less than benign expression. While my jacket would conceal my build a bit, nothing in my demeanor advertised vulnerability and experienced predators watch for signs of weakness before selecting a victim. I hadn’t been giving off those signals, as I had when I elected to initiate the confrontation by providing an opportunity to mug me. This guy was most likely the sort of bottom feeder who wasn’t bright enough to have ever graduated from Thug 101. Of course, one should guard against hubris but a review of the events combined with the application of Occam’s Razor left little doubt that I’d been randomly selected as a mugging victim by less than competent criminals based primarily on greed and wishful thinking on their part.
Hmm…sucks to be them then.
I untied knife guy’s hands, dropped his belt in his lap and then as he was rubbing his wrists, sent him back to dreamland with a circle kick to the head. I checked that guy number two was still breathing, took his wallet, keys and phone as well and headed off. A quick pass between two apartments, a dash across Ramiz Sadiku and a stroll through the grounds of the Pristina University Library showed no signs of anyone interested in me. I ran an impromptu surveillance detection route (SDR) around Peyton before catching a cab to Main Police HQ. I’d already removed the money from the wallets, tossed the cell phones after wiping them down and now I wiped the wallets and dropped them in two separate trash cans as I made my way via a side street from Main Police HQ up to Mother Teresa Boulevard and then south to the Grand Hotel. This venerable establishment still looked much as it had when the state ran it. Its shabby décor, poor upkeep and general air of faded elegance Soviet style, reminded me of the Pristina I had known and loved almost a decade ago. I’d passed on better hotels partly from sentiment, partly because I wanted to avoid the throngs of UN, OSCE and others who normally stayed in the newer hotels. I came in through a side entrance which brought me into the kitchens and passed quickly through as if a lost guest, using the freight elevator to get to the floor above mine. I then used the fire stairs to reach my floor, checked for anyone in the hallway and regained my room seven hours after I had left it. This may seem excessive and under normal circumstances it was, especially if one wishes to appear like something other than an operator. The attempted mugging, however unlikely to have been directed at me specifically instead of generically, had made me a bit more cautious and I wanted to see if there were any other signs of potential hostile attention. As it turned out there were none and the night’s more colorful events appeared to be little more than the random street crime you get in any big city.
It looked like Pristina was both different from what I remembered and much the same. Below the surface of new buildings, cleaner streets and shiny public offices lurked the same dirty, violent world of which I had once been a part. My day had been useful in letting me familiarize myself with the changes to physical infrastructure while also indulging in some nostalgia. Pristina and I were both much the same, we maybe looked a bit different but underneath it all we were the same beasts we’d always been. I settled in with a room service bottle of Jack and some ice and began to review the assignment which was my reason for being there in the first place.


Chapter Two
My getting this assignment had been largely coincidence. I’d finished a job in Greece, nothing big, just surveillance on an anti-globalization group with a history of violence which had recently relocated to the greater Athens area from Germany. While no job can safely be considered routine, that one had been close to that mythical level of risk. After a couple months of easy work mapping out the locations, contacts and habits of the group and its main associates, my team mates and I had completed our report to the USG (US Government) client and gone our separate ways. I was taking a bit of downtime visiting historic sites in the Peloponnese when I got a call on the global phone I reserve for business.
The screen showed “Steve (InSol)”, which meant it was coming from a friend who was one of the owners of a small government contracting firm by that name. InSol, I mean, not Steve. The job I’d just completed was for them although I also worked on occasion for a few other similar firms. I answered and after a few moments of polite chit chat, Steve asked if I would please check my Hushmail account as soon as possible. InSol had another job in the general area and he wanted me to take a look at it. I agreed to check the details within an hour and after another round of polite goodbyes, we signed off. There was an internet café just down the street from the small hotel in which I was currently residing and I headed there, cold Mythos in hand, to see what was up. A few minutes later I had run some basic checks on the computer with the programs resident on a flash drive I carried, signed into my Hushmail account and was reading Steve’s message.
After a short greeting and congrats on the job we’d just finished, Steve got straight to the point.
We’ve been approached by DIA and asked to look at a problem which has developed in Pristina, Kosovo. One of their sections which had an interest in the funding of extremist groups through narcotics and human trafficking activities had an agent handler assigned there. The handler, work name George HANNA, had developed a source within a specific organized crime group with ties to both the larger Serbian Mafia and several Islamist organizations. It appeared that the latter were using the established smuggling networks of the mafia to move people and weapons into Europe. The take was good, not only providing insight into operational activities but also to the financial and patronage ties which enabled the organizations to operate. HANNA was building a large data base with the potential to support interdiction operations. He was also sharing the network activity intel with various European partners.
Unfortunately, HANNA and his source, a young Albanian male named Luli Gashi, were murdered last week. It appears that they were hit during a meet in an effort to eliminate the source and his handler. It’s not clear if the hit team knew HANNA’s actual affiliation as he was operating under cover as a public relations officer working out of the US Embassy in Pristina. What interests DIA in this is that two days after HANNA’s death, a new communication was received that exactly matched the communications methods he had established for his source. Since the source is also dead it seemed likely that this new communications was the mafia attempting to smoke out any additional threats. This became much less likely when the information was examined. It turns out to be highly damaging to the interests of this specific group as well as partially verifiable. Since then two more communications have been received, each showing equal levels of placement and access and each providing accurate information. While the information has so far only detailed mafia activity, it shows P&A that would potentially permit tasking targeting the Islamist nexus. The new source is unidentified and unvetted and is demanding a face to face. Needless to say, DIA is reluctant to risk someone on what may well be a trap so they have turned to us. We’re contracted to send someone in, attempt to identify the source if possible, assess the possibilities for recruitment and subsequent tasking of the source and examine the possibility that this is an extremely sophisticated counterintelligence ploy by the mafia and/or an Islamist cell. The USG does not want to risk its personnel in something as uncertain as this, particularly when a low cost, low risk alternative exists. In order to provide the needed distance, the initial effort is being outsourced to us to do the legwork and field verification. No reply has been made to the demand for a meet…you will need to make that response yourself through the established channel. We can offer only logistical support and the USG will abide by the SOP for these contracts. If you accept this assignment, I’ll send a file with the communications plan and some additional details.
Please let me know within 24 hours if you want this one.
There was a bit more verbiage outlining the pay and time frame for the job. It was fairly standard for this level of skill and risk, one thousand US per day plus expenses, minimum of thirty days. There were also the usual disclaimers and insurance provisions. It sounded interesting, gave me a chance to re-visit a place of which I had fond memories and maybe do a dis-service to some folks I really didn’t like very much. I doubted that DIA or anyone in the DOD gave much of a shite about prosecuting criminals but was damn certain that Al Qaeda inspired Islamist groups were using criminal networks to penetrate national borders. I’d had some experience in dealing with this type of combined threat in more volatile areas of the world and knew from that experience about the frequent intertwining of extremism and continuing criminal enterprise. The crooks didn’t care about politics, just money and the use of even the most flimsy false flag in conjunction with a sizable amount of cash would create compliance. As for the terrorists, they were happy to set aside their hatred for expediency and the chance to kill a different group of infidels. Obtaining a source which was able to provide solid information on this marriage of convenience would be extremely useful in preventing another London or Madrid.
Light a candle, curse the darkness.
Of course, lighting a candle also casts shadows but it’s an imperfect world at best. Anything that fucked with the Serbian Mafia and the criminal elements which were strangling Kosovo was good with me. Kicking the Jihadists in the crotch, even indirectly, was the bonus plan. I sent an immediate reply to say I was on board and shortly thereafter received the file with the communications plan and other relevant case info.
The world in which I work and the role played by companies like InSol is a complex one, not well known to the public at large. There exists a sort of grey marketplace, inhabited by official government agencies and private companies, where various intelligence operations and support activities are conducted. This grey market is where information, often raw intelligence, sometimes RUMINT but always something someone wants kept secret, is exchanged. It is also where one goes to find small, privately held companies who will, for a reasonable fee, transport cargo, provide an office and backstopped legend for a Non-Official Cover (NOC) intelligence officer, facilitate the operational logistics requirements of secret operations and otherwise give value for money while maintaining complete deniability. This is because these companies and the people who run them are themselves the creation of government. The owners are retired former intelligence officials or otherwise connected and thus known and trusted. The various intelligence agencies of the US depend upon these companies to do things under broadly worded contracts, or even those which are deliberately misworded, which the governmental agencies are either not permitted to do themselves or which would create unwanted scrutiny or attribution if exposed.
For example, the CIA is forbidden by law to operate on American soil except under very strict guidelines which are carefully monitored by its arch-rival in domestic security affairs, the FBI. Should CIA wish to approach a terrorist financier who lives in the US and whom the CIA would like to recruit as a source, it may do so under existing law and with the administrative oversight of various branches of government. If the recruitment was successful, something made increasingly difficult by multiple agency supervisors having to sign off on every aspect of the development, the source would in all likelihood be run jointly. This would also mean that various levels of staffing on both agencies would be aware of and have access to the “take” or product provided. Naturally, they would then share it as their agencies interests dictated. This, of course, increases the risk of unknown exposure to both the source and any operations based wholly or in part on his information. What is known by many is…known by many and not all of them will ultimately turn out to have the same interests you do. If, however, the CIA wishes knowledge of the financier’s affairs and connections to remain an agency secret due to its potential impact on other operations, it may elect to hire a private firm to make the approach and recruitment on its behalf. This avoids messy reporting requirements, keeps the information compartmented and the initial handler, a private contractor, can easily transition the new source to CIA control after a suitable period. If the operation was exposed the testimony would sound something like “Senator, to the best of my understanding we became aware that the subject might have information of national security value during other unrelated business dealings. It seemed our duty to put him in touch with national security and in order to do so discretely I contacted an old friend from my days of service with “X” agency…”
Another example in the foreign arena might be a private telecommunications firm providing say, cell phone infrastructure expertise to a foreign government. One whose population includes a significant terrorist element which targets Americans but where the government also lacks the will or capacity to root them out. The telecom would be approached by a government representative from anything except the intelligence community. Most likely the representative would be someone whose regulatory and inspection powers (and perhaps ability to provide government contracts) the telecom wishes to keep friendly. This person would strongly suggest that a specific sub-contract be given to a small privately held firm which has some expertise in communication infrastructure and security. This firm’s personnel, under cover as security or technical experts, then map out the nodes and vulnerabilities of a specific comms system, install technical collections devices and perhaps, identify and recruit assets within the local employee pool. These can then be turned over to official government intelligence agency personnel who reap the fruits of the effort without having to do the hard, dangerous work of assessment, development and recruitment under the noses of the local counterintelligence folks. The list of services provided runs on to quite a bit; everything from provision of security personnel at black sites, rendition teams for unauthorized (read not on the books) apprehension of persons of interest to national security and the conduct of surveillance and other operational support activities where the governmental entity itself either cannot operate or lacks the personnel to assign. The private company and its personnel take a considerable risk in that should anything go wrong, they will take the fall and be portrayed as having exceeded their scope of work, exercised poor judgment and perhaps incurred criminal liability. The companies are a beard, cut outs, someone who can be thrown to the wolves if needed and this additional risk is something for which they are highly compensated.
This may all seem a bit extreme. After all, the laws are set up to protect us, right? Intelligence agencies should share information and circumvention of government oversight is a Bad Thing. Reasonable people may differ on all these points but the fact remains that in the shadow wars we wage to keep our enemies at bay and our citizens protected, there are more grey areas than black and white ones. This is especially true when the shifting of political winds often make an action which is completely legal and supported today an illegal atrocity tomorrow. Those government agents who act in good faith tend to find themselves the political scapegoats of those who do not. Careerism and political advantage permeate the system and create a risk adverse atmosphere in which the mission to defeat the nation’s enemies is overtaken by the desire to have a comfortable retirement. Our intelligence agencies are largely bureaucracies and function with all the individual pride and attention to mission one gets from the Post Office. Things get done, eventually, and without anyone taking a risk that might alter their career trajectory or raise questions. When a real risk is taken, it is usually by a policy maker staking his political future on his decision as President Obama did with the raid to kill Bin Laden. This means that passing the buck, kicking it upstairs and generally delaying until the crisis is passed or expanded beyond individual levels of responsibility is the norm. Of course, innocent people die, opportunities are missed and our enemies are strengthened while the delay goes on but “hey, no one can blame me” is the mantra of the bureaucratic survivor. The few committed individuals who try to buck this system and are willing to take the risks required to prevent atrocity or increase security are slowly ground down. Or they leave and start a small privately held company which is utilized to take exactly the risks our government employees should take but will not. It isn’t perfect, it has all the dangers inherent in secret activities in a liberal democracy and there are abuses as in any such field. It is, however, exactly like Churchill’s famous quote about democracy itself…the worst option except for all the others.
The personnel providing the service at the sharp end are all hired on a consultant basis, have a previous track record within the community and are usually former intelligence or special operations personnel with an intelligence background. The vetting is extensive and community centric. That means reputation is all. Yes, an active appropriate level clearance is mandatory but is merely a qualifier. No one gets hired for even a small consulting gig unless they have several people vouching for them, their discretion and skill set. This continues all the time and one’s professional reputation is always scrutinized and weighed when a potential contract is being staffed. Generally the work comes to you as the operations managers like Steve know who does best with what kind of work. It ain’t like the movies but it ain’t like bland, risk averse, zero defects CYA government service either. I’ve done both and life in the cold is much more invigorating than life in a restricted carefully padded environment where anything effective is shunned as possibly creating a problem in some unforeseen way in the future. I’d seen the results first hand in the Middle East and SW Asia as young Americans were loaded into body bags when we could have stopped many of the attacks but were stymied by the careerism and a lack of understanding by conventional command, military and civilian. Moving beyond that to a sphere where I could operate with the mission truly coming first was like coming home after a year in the sandbox. Paying for this freedom with an increased personal risk was fine by me. As a buddy used to say, it’s only illegal or immoral if you’re doing it for the wrong people or the wrong reasons. Some may scoff at what they see as ethical relativism. I figure that I and my colleagues have paid for that right in blood…ours and that of our country’s enemies. Those who don’t understand this are generally those whom we have fought and bled to protect. Their innocence, while touching, isn’t germane to the real world. Out beyond the light of our comfortable campfire of wealth and ease prowl monsters to whom we are merely objects of frantic hatred stoked by ignorance and demagoguery. Throwing rocks at the sheepdogs patrolling the night and keeping the wolves at bay is a pastime of the peaceful. They can’t tell the difference, often don’t want to know and anyway, the sheepdog scares them. Still…being a dog out in the cold and dodging the occasional rock hurled by those I protect is what I choose. I’d never regretted that choice before and certainly didn’t then as I downloaded the file onto my stick, wiped the browser clean and made my way back to my hotel.
The file, labeled KVSPARROW in the delightful way of cryptonyms everywhere, provided some interesting reading. The first part was background information concerning HANNA’s tasking, the various organized crime groups in which he was interested and some in depth analysis on the ones he had selected for targeting. After that came info on the Islamist organizations suspected or known to be using various mafia groups to facilitate transportation issues. Last was info on the original source, Luli Gashi, information which HANNA had put together as part of the targeting, development and vetting process. The file was largely intact, although there were signs of redaction here and there. The last section was the most heavily edited. Here were details of reporting by Gashi, priority intelligence requirements (PIRs) which indicated intelligence gaps and other information which, in the wrong hands, would be useful to analysts for the opposition. This section had been carefully redacted so little was available aside from assessments of Gashi’s information and notice that this or that piece, itself absent, was confirmed through other reporting. The parts I really needed were the details of the communications plan, emergency contact procedures and fall backs. Most of this was still in the file although some info had been deleted and the police investigation file added. It was obvious that HANNA had been using USG facilities at the US Embassy in Pristina to do some communications, at least the electronic variety. And that was the most important piece since the new source, KVSPARROW, was using the electronic communication system HANNA had set up to continue transmitting excellent intelligence.
Like most good clandestine communications systems, the plan was simple in design but somewhat complicated in execution. The objective of clandestine activities is to deny knowledge of the true activity, in other words, to keep the action secret. This often means hiding in plain sight. Invisible inks, and their modern electronic descendant steganography for example, are designed to help a written communication remain clandestine. If intercepted and casually examined, the communication appears to be genuine and the real communication is kept secret. The fact of the communication occurring is not disguised, the true message is. This is the essence of clandestine as opposed to covert. (Covert activities are those where the activity is not secret but its sponsor is. This is part of the reason why private intelligence services exist…they provide a level of deniability which is often of primary importance when the activity involved either cannot be disguised or is discovered.)
HANNA’s communications plan was a good one and quite simple. He had established a local email address which he had shared with Gashi. The email address was set up through a server in Pristina and to all appearances was a genuine Hotmail account. Gashi would travel to an internet café or use another computer with internet access, plugging in a small thumb drive like mine which, in addition to serving as a thumb drive, also held hidden programs which erased or blocked keyloggers and other spyware. This software was all commercially available and while perhaps unusual could be explained away as concern for the prevention of identity theft. Once the software was activated, Gashi would access the Hotmail account, type a message to that account and save it in Drafts. He would then exit and go about whatever other browsing he wished. A message from HANNA would be delivered the same way. Attachments could be added and saved with the draft. This was still not completely secure as the actual message typed was vulnerable to interception however it was only likely to be intercepted if Gashi was already under considerable suspicion, enough to make other physical forms of communications equally dangerous. Use of a system such as Hushmail or Opolis Secure Mail which are designed for privacy would have been better from the standpoint of secure communication but a dead giveaway if anyone checked and found Gashi was using such a site. It would raise questions of why he needed such secrecy whereas a regular Hotmail account was common and would raise no suspicion until or unless he did so in some other manner. A further layer of security was added by the message drafts all using a prearranged code. A message about a relative, for example, meant new information was available to be transmitted and was in an attached file, hidden through the use of steganography. One about vacation plans requested a meet. Others were set up to cover the major eventualities anticipated in a case officer/agent relationship. If a hostile party had enough suspicion to determine that Gashi’s email activity at this address was suspect then steganography detection software would only confirm that suspicion as the message attachment itself would be encrypted. Anyone looking over Gashi’s shoulder or otherwise observing him would not be aware that the message he typed meant anything aside from what it appeared to be.
I assumed that the use of physical meetings was something HANNA had determined was useful for handling Gashi. The record indicated that they met about once per month, something I would ordinarily question. The more often the source and handler were together, the more often the opportunity arose for observation and compromise. (Many of the most likely opportunities for compromise lie in the transition points between clandestine and covert activity. Almost all operations veer back and forth between the two and these points have to be carefully considered in operational planning.) In fact, it was at one of these meetings that both HANNA and Gashi were killed. I was a little concerned about this sequence of events and could see why it seemed like a come on from the opposition, most likely the Serbian Mafia working as a cat’s paw for a Jihadist cell. If the communications system was compromised, then it would be easy to send information, even valuable information, in order to first determine if the other end of the net was being monitored and then request a meet. At that point an ambush or kidnapping would be pretty much standard procedure for either group. I didn’t really blame the DIA for not wanting to send someone into this.
On the other hand, if the communications were not compromised, then the ambush had probably occurred due to some other element of Gashi’s activity raising suspicion. This begged the question of who was using it now, however. There was no indication in the file that Gashi was running a sub-net or that he had any support system in place which might account for someone else having the comms plan. Compromise had to be assumed. The real question was the party involved. If it was a confederate of Gashi’s, someone he trusted and had not revealed to HANNA, then we might be in business. If it was indeed the mafia then I was in for a very interesting ride. According to a report from DIA, the ambush had been a straight elimination event, no attempt to kidnap or interrogate anyone. Several guys with AK 47s had popped up and fired a full magazine apiece into the car where HANNA and Gashi were sitting. Then one of them walked up and put two rounds into each head with a Tokarev. This meant whoever was behind it didn’t need or want to know anything more. They only wanted to eliminate a threat.
This also most likely meant that if they had the comms plan and were now using it as a sort of dangle, they had to have obtained it from Gashi prior to killing him, as getting it from HANNA was a very remote possibility. He could have been compromised through some party who suborned him or otherwise gained this information but there was nothing in the file to indicate anything of that nature. I’d keep it in mind but only because it made sense to be aware of the possibility, however remote. And if DIA had any suspicions of that nature it would make sense for them to share them with us. This left Gashi as the most reasonable means whereby the comms plan and the meet were compromised. That would most likely be through force, threat of force or surveillance which created suspicion sufficient to warrant action. Gashi was, according to HANNA’s reporting, very nervous and somewhat paranoid, which meant he was very watchful when going to an internet café to transmit. He used several in random order which would greatly increase the difficulty of obtaining a way to intercept his email drafts. That level of sophistication, while not unheard of nor beyond the reach of their pocketbook, was unusual for the Serbian Mafia and would probably be outside of a regional Jihadist cell’s ability as well.
The bottom line was that there simply was not yet enough data to decide. It seemed reasonable, however, to proceed on the belief that Gashi was compromised elsewhere than the comms and that a party unknown to HANNA had either enjoyed Gashi’s confidence or had in some other fashion learned of his activity and elected to continue. This was the positive side which DIA hoped we’d pull out of the fire without getting burnt or exposing their chestnuts to public view. If we did not assume this as a start point, there was nothing to do but accept the info coming in until it dried up. That wasn’t what DIA wanted as it looked as if the information was very valuable and not something the mafia would dangle just to set another ambush. The KVSPARROW take so far had resulted in one foiled assassination in Serbia and the seizure of a large shipment of heroin in Italy. Somebody was giving away the store and while DIA didn’t understand who or why, they certainly wanted to know and to set up a long term relationship. Which meant I was heading back to Pristina on an interesting mission that promised to be diametrically opposite my little cakewalk in Greece.
Good enough. Too much cake makes you fat and slow anyway.
I packed my gear and clothes, nothing indicative of my profession of course, and spent the rest of the night reviewing the file, pondering the implications and determining how I’d proceed. I had a car, a BMW 325i with proper papers for crossing borders which I’d rented using a work name and ID. I figured on driving the ten or so hours north in the morning, checking into a hotel and spending a day getting reacquainted with Pristina. With that in mind I dropped off to a deep and peaceful sleep, looking forward happily to being operational again.


Chapter Three
The long drive from Athens combined with the tour of the city and the little dust up with my would be muggers had left me pretty tired. The Jack also helped and I slept well and late. Upon rising I secured my room, putting my laptop, passport and other documents into the small Pelican case I carried for this purpose. I took a few standard precautions against tampering and casual theft, double checked that I was sterile and headed out. I knew better than to trust hotel safes. I’d been part of operations in other places that involved suborning hotel employees and knew the relative value of the security offered by the Grand. I hadn’t yet drawn attention to myself so the point was moot; however I preferred to rely on my own devices in this instance. Leaving the case and its contents in my car was also out. The car was parked in the hotel lot, easily observed by anyone interested and subject to theft of either the vehicle itself or, more likely, its contents. The room was the best option, at least until the situation was clarified a bit.
I left the hotel wearing clothing I had purchased during my time in Greece. Nothing easily attributable to an American; mostly Levi’s, a few t-shirts and sport shirts by European manufacturers, German suede ankle boots and an Italian leather jacket. The idea was to not look like an American and while clothing helped, posture, body language and attitude made the real difference. I set myself back into the Euro mode, walking with one hand in my jacket pocket, strolling rather than walking with a purpose and without the self-absorption frequently characteristic of Americans. I wasn’t trying so much to disguise myself as to not stand out. I looked like a reasonable facsimile of a middle aged, middle class European, someone in a hard trade, construction contractor maybe, but certainly not an all too obvious American. Being invisible isn’t about not being seen…it’s about not being recognized as significant. Give people a pigeon hole in which to put you, especially if it plays to a prejudice, and you’re most of the way there.
My path upon leaving the hotel took me downhill toward the stadium. It had been repaired and looked good from the distance, much better than the half burned out shell I remembered. I slipped into a covered shopping mall that stood between the stadium and the Grand and spent a little time window shopping while checking for obvious surveillance. Finding none, I took a seat in a small café, ordered coffee and burek for breakfast and spent the time waiting for my food planning out the day’s activities. My first priority was to determine what I could and should do before drawing attention to myself by making contact with KVSPARROW. Right now it was highly unlikely that the opposition had any idea that I existed or was in Pristina. Once I began to act, the likelihood of them becoming aware increased and there were some things I needed to do while I had less concerns about surveillance and hostile actions. These included checking out the ambush site and HANNA’s living quarters (Gashi lived with several family members so a visit there would raise my profile unnecessarily without the expectation of any real benefit). Both were long shots, unlikely to yield anything significant. Still, it was possible that there was information which wasn’t included in the reports and which I could use. You don’t know what you don’t know. I also needed to use the established comms to arrange a meet with KVSPARROW. I wanted to find a good place for the meet first, one which let me scope out the site for hostile surveillance well in advance of the meet itself. I’d also need to locate a static observation point from which to observe others arriving or traversing the meet site in time to assess their potential as a threat. I had to assume that KVSPARROW would be either under the control of a hostile element or else hostile themself and being able to observe any preparations for direct action against me was a very basic first step to survival. While I was here based upon the hope that KVSPARROW was genuine and not hostile, acting on that assumption was a good way to get dead ahead of schedule. That made finding a good meet site the most important thing I would do all day.
Once I drained the last of the coffee and left enough Euros to cover the bill and a small tip (Europeans tip small, Americans large. If one is trying to be mistaken for another nationality or to not be noticed, these details count) I headed to a taxi stand at the front of the shopping center. Using taxis in a city crawling with them meant I had disposable transportation, wasn’t tied to a vehicle which in turn could be tied to me and gave me options driving myself around did not provide. I took the cab at the back of the line, something you can’t do in many places, and asked the driver to head for Germia Park. He grunted and headed out into the chaotic traffic. Fortunately for me he wasn’t the chatty type and the ride went smoothly despite the lousy road surfaces, congestion and the general attitude of our fellow travelers that traffic laws were really just suggestions. I’d thought Kosovo traffic very bad back in the day but after spending time in the Middle East and especially in Afghanistan I knew it wasn’t really bad at all. Not law abiding by any means but not the complete free for all of say, Kabul. I had the driver drop me off near the middle of the park. The day was nice for fall, clear and sunny, and there were a fair amount of people picnicking, wandering aimlessly, playing pickup soccer (yeah, yeah, football to you Euro types) and just sitting and watching everyone else. People watching was a national sport but it made counter surveillance a bit more difficult. My arrival attracted a small amount of attention from a few people near the drop off point but they soon returned to their affairs when I failed to be interesting.
I headed up the road, named for Dr. Shpetim Robaj, toward the main bulk of Germia Hill. The open stretch of grass that made up most of the park was to my right, the community swimming pool behind me about a half mile back. HANNA and Gashi had been killed further up this road, deep in the woods in a lay by where the road surface was no longer paved. The road ran to the top of an outcrop of the main mountain where a small military installation had stood for the last fifty years or so. It also looped around the east side of Pristina and eventually dropped back down into the city, becoming Isa Kastroti when it reached the built up area. There were numerous lay bys and small pull offs which were used by young lovers lacking a place of their own. Seeing a vehicle parked in one, especially at night, was not unusual and the common etiquette was to pass by or pull back out and look for another place yourself if you’d pulled in. The area held some old bunker complexes as well as a lot of unexploded ordinance (UXO). Various organized crime groups as well as some disorganized local youths used the bunkers and other secluded spots as staging areas and party houses away from prying eyes. Of course, bumping into someone or something you weren’t meant to see could still be hazardous as could spontaneous criminal activity but since the area was heavily used by ordinary citizens seeking privacy away from the city and its prying eyes, even the criminals normally left people alone. If one kept to the main road or very near it and wasn’t out in the middle of the night, it was a relatively safe area. During the day it was rarely a problem. I was counting on that to permit me to examine the ambush site without being noticed by anyone else.
Just walking up the road and into the forest wasn’t on the cards though. It would be noticed by people in the park and in the Germia Café, the restaurant at the upper end of the park, to say nothing of those who would drive by now and then as they used the road as a way around the congestion of the city center. I also wanted, with a reflexive controlled paranoia, to be sure I was alone so I cut across the narrow grassy area just below the Germia Cafe and entered the woods on the side opposite the road. There was a well-worn path here, one used by strollers and runners. I’d pounded out my share of miles on it back in the day and knew the tree cover to be good and the path to afford a number of opportunities to slip unseen into the deeper woods. After walking back downhill a short while and determining that no one had crossed from the road after me, I made use of one such opening and headed into the forest. I was quickly lost within its quiet and as I made my way southeast and uphill it was easy to ascertain that I was alone.
The distance as the crow flies from where I left the park to where the ambush had taken place was about a mile and a half. In real terms it was pretty much uphill (and down and up a whole lot of small ravines caused by water run off) busting brush all the way. This wouldn’t be a big deal if the area wasn’t still marked as full of UXO, mostly cluster bomb munitions from the 1999-2000 era. I knew they were there because I’d both seen a few and seen the results when careless smugglers found them. I had taken the chance of encountering them before in order to get into a position and did so again, albeit with a little less nonchalance as my experience with explosives was enhanced after six years in Afghanistan. Still, this route offered me the most secure approach, one I could be fairly certain no one else would have used and one which meant I could examine the site without anyone else knowing I’d been there.
I was using a small Garmin wrist mounted GPS to navigate and came upon the ambush site without seeing or hearing anyone. The area was a small pull off surrounded by bushes and saplings at the extreme crest of the hill over which ran the back road to Pristina. The area was pretty much torn up now, bushes crushed, saplings uprooted and everything churned up by the teams of police and forensic specialists which had responded. The Kosovo Police Service (KPS) had some good officers among the bad and the European mission to support them meant they had a lot of well-trained experts to assist. The end result was a very complete documentation of the scene which had been included in the DIA file. All I could see on the ground was a few strips of crime scene tape but using my memory of the report and seeing how the terrain had been before large vehicles were parked there for hours on end, I began to piece it together.
HANNA and Gashi had been parked facing in, rear of the vehicle, a VW Golf, to the road. There had been a slight bend which hid their location from the headlights and sight of passing vehicles. The shooters had approached from the road, spread out into a short crescent and then opened up from about twenty feet away. This was where the bend occurred and could have meant they wanted to shoot before being spotted, maybe just that this was close enough. The Golf could not move forward as there were several larger saplings in front of it as well as a steep drop of about fifteen feet into one of the innumerable run off ravines. Shell casings from at least four separate AKs had been found as well as four casings from a Tokarev TT 33. These last were beside the rear driver’s side indicating the shots were fired from beside the driver’s window. Footprints in the soil indicated several pairs of shoes, two slick soled like dress shoes, one an athletic shoe, type not yet determined. The road itself was too torn up by the time the forensics team arrived to yield anything close to tire marks. The bottom line was that someone walked up on HANNA and Gashi and snuffed them, quickly, efficiently and without hesitation. They then walked away without opening the car doors or, so far as had been determined, doing anything else.
Walking through the scene, playing out the events in my mind’s eye, I could see nothing to add to what was already reported. I hadn’t really expected to do so. It’s only in the movies that you return to a scene already carefully combed for clues by experts and find a matchbook from an obscure bar frequented by left handed Bulgarians when your main suspect is a left handed Bulgarian. Still, the map is not the terrain and time spent in reconnaissance is seldom wasted. I didn’t consider this a waste as it confirmed my knowledge base, allowed me to assess the skills of the folks with whom I’d be dealing and showed me they were not after anything but a kill. This last was important although I couldn’t yet say how. But this kind of decisive action usually indicates that the actor is confident that they know all they need to know which raised the question of why they felt this to be true and how they gained that knowledge. It was certainly something I’d need to attempt to clarify when I met with KVSPARROW. Setting up that meet was the next priority on my list and the second reason why a visit to Germia wasn’t a waste of time.
Poking around the woods of Germia had been more than just a visit to a crime scene. It had also been a way for me to evaluate the area as a possible location for the meet with KVSPARROW. I needed a vantage point I could be reasonably sure would permit me to see anyone coming a long way off as well as afford me a way to escape from the meet if things went sideways. In walking through and near the park I’d seen and remembered a place that I thought would foot the bill. I made my way back down the hill, fingers crossed, and hit the trail without incident. Following it down toward the swimming pool I left the cover of the trees when the trail reached the pool complex.
The pool was closed for the season and the small parking lot was almost empty. There was an overflow area on a slight rise of ground behind the pool and to my left as I approached downhill. Beyond that the hill of Germia rose toward its crest which featured the ambush site and the road running around Pristina. This area was backed by the trees of the Germia forest and opened into a valley farther away toward the main part of the city. No one would be coming through the forest at night, not without light and noise as the threat of UXO would force them to be careful. The various incarnations of the mafia had already cleared several trails which they used to move through the UXO areas and they were extremely loath to depart from them, especially at night. That meant that if the meet location was the overflow lot, I’d be able to easily observe the approaches from the main street, the valley to the south and the rest of Germia Park. I’d have to watch for anyone coming down the path I’d just walked, as it wound through trees until almost at the lot, but the other approaches were either in the woods or in the open. It would be possible for someone to sneak through the forest but they’d have to be very careful and quiet. I was willing to bet the opposition didn’t have that level of skill.
Especially if I set up first someplace other than where they would expect me to be. With that in mind, I dropped back off the rear of the little rise and re-entered the woods in order to find a place on higher elevation where I could observe the overflow lot and the approaches while still using the concealment of the trees. What I wanted was a spot where I could see anyone setting up to ambush the overflow lot. By using it as the rendezvous location, I was setting the meet in a place any local would recognize as a good one with clear views of the approaches to the lot. If I then dropped back even further, uphill and in the deeper woods, I could watch for anyone trying to set up to interdict our activity. If there was no one, the meet would occur. If I saw anything suspicious, I’d abort and simply wait them out. If the meet took place and someone then approached I’d again abort and we’d attempt to evade through whatever avenue was open with the woods being the last resort.
I cast about for a while before finding a knob situated above and to the south of the overflow lot. There I could see the likely spots from which one would set up to watch the overflow lot from the woods edge as well as the approaches to the lot along the road and both trails. This would do. I then scouted for a way out uphill, hoping to not need it but wanting to have some idea of where to go in the dark if I needed to unass the area in haste. Last of all I dropped down to the lot again, trying to look like a guy who had just taken a leak behind a tree and walked down the trail toward the valley to confirm its contours in my mind. That left only making contact with KVSPARROW, something that required an internet connection. I caught a taxi cruising near the pool parking lot and headed back into Pristina.
The taxi driver wanted to chat and I strung him along with a story of being a Canadian journalist here to cover the recent problems on the Serbian border. I asked his opinion and pretended to take notes as he rattled on. Asking inquisitive people for their opinions on anything controversial, be it politics, religion or what have you, is an excellent way to divert attention if it’s merely a casual rather than professional inquiry. People like to tell you what they think and to talk about themselves which makes it fairly easy to turn an inquiry into a rant. The biggest risk is that they will remember you as the nice guy who actually cared what they thought. It wasn’t likely to matter in this case so I un huh’d and ok’d and let him vent until we reached the center of town. I hopped out when we were stopped in traffic, tossing the driver enough Euros to make him happy even if he didn’t get to finish explaining the massive Serbian conspiracy responsible for 9/11. I went in and out of a few shops, bought a bottle of water, a cell phone and local SIM card and then entered an internet café off UCK Boulevard. The street had been renamed from its former name honoring Gavrilo Princip, the Serbian extremist whose assassination of Archduke Ferdinand plunged Europe into World War One. It was now named in honor of the Kosovo Liberation Army, in Albanian the Ushtria Çlirimtare e Kosovës. According to the file, Gashi hadn’t used this cafe. I therefore felt safe in doing so as it was randomly selected and not likely to have any more than the usual identity theft threats. I bought time at a computer in the far corner and made use of my trusty thumb drive. After clearing the computer of various mal and spyware, I ran a shield program and then logged into the Hotmail account HANNA had set up as the primary comms method.
I wrote a short message which I saved to Drafts. In it, I wished the unknown KVSPARROW well, hoped they were still interested in a meeting and stated that if so, I would be available the following night at 2200 hours in the overflow lot of the municipal swimming pool in Germia Park. I added that they should come alone, on foot and after having a taxi drop them off below the entrance to the pool. I included my new cell phone number and stated that they should text me when they had arrived. Once they did, I would text to confirm I was present and that the area was clear. If they did not show then this account would be closed and we would have no further contact. I used that wording deliberately, as our main possibilities were both motivated to maintain contact, the Serbian Mafia/Islamists less so than an unknown confederate of Gashi’s. If it was a come on by the Islamists then they really wouldn’t care less about the threat to break contact so long as they could have their action element make the meet and determine if there was a continuing threat to their interests. If it was a confederate, whatever had motivated them to begin contact would presumably also motivate them to want it to continue, as the request by KVSPARROW for a face to face meeting made no sense otherwise.
When dealing with a source it is important to establish control as soon as possible. This doesn’t mean being unreasonable or overbearing, unless called for when the source is trying to play the handler in an obvious manner. It does however mean that there needs to be from the outset the acknowledgement, tacit or otherwise, that the handler is running things and while the source is providing something of value, he or she is working for the handler. The source is selling, the handler is buying and the customer, in this relationship, must always be right. It takes time and skill to learn how to manage each relationship because, after all is said and done that is what they are, relationships. No two are alike and while some rules apply to all, not all rules apply to some; exceptions abound. Agent handling is both an art and science. I wanted to get this one off to a proper start with me being the conduit for something the source wanted. Assuming, of course, that there really was a source and not just a mafia hit team. Either way my communication had to sound genuine and conform to the norms.
I’d set the time for the following night, both to give KVSPARROW sufficient time to receive the message and for me to complete my other tasks. There were none of the old hoary tricks like a chalk mark on a designated wall in the comms plan. Electronics have made it much easier to set up a missed call, random phone or email solicitation etc. instead. Or simply regular checks of an email account or bulletin board or discussion board or what have you. The options, assuming connectivity, are endless. The old ways are still good and useful in many situations but creativity in finding new ways to communicate means it is harder to detect that communication. I activated and tested the cell phone and then pulled the battery as protection against the long shot possibility that KVSPARROW or someone they knew could track its location through the phone company towers. That was a chance I’d have to take on the day but I wanted to wait until the absolute last minute which made using the towers to track me rather more difficult as it would require immediate access to phone service data, something they would have difficulty in obtaining. I’d check the Hotmail account later this evening and again in the morning but for now I would have to wait. Since that wasn’t something I much enjoyed, I intended to use the time profitably and have a quick look at HANNA’s living quarters in order to see if there was anything useful to be learned. Most likely there was nothing but I wouldn’t know until I looked. That being established, I wiped the computer, left the internet café and caught a cab trolling up the street.
A few minutes later I was at the upper end of Dragodan Hill, just below Film City, at Pinocchio, a restaurant I’d enjoyed back in the day. I paid off the cabbie and entered the open lower area before heading up to a balcony overlooking the city. After a short wait, I settled in with a cold Efes and an excellent pizza prosciutto, to review the day so far and plan out my approach to examining HANNA’s home.


Chapter Four
It was always possible that I would walk up to his door and find it open, no one observing the area and be able to slip inside and see what there was to see. This was pretty damn unlikely though. I had no issues with a spot of breaking and entering but wanted to avoid arousing suspicion so this was a last resort. Finally, I didn’t know anything aside from the address. HANNA’s accommodation in Pristina was on Dragodan Hill, in an area now referred to as Arberia. His house however, wasn’t on the grounds of the US Embassy in Arberia. The Embassy was actually a bit further up on top of the hill from HANNA’s address. The street and number put it about midway down, in an area which I knew meant it could be a house but was most likely part of one, the upper or lower floor with the landlord living in the remaining space. If he’d been in a flat in an apartment block the issue would be different but since he had lived in this area, there was a distinct possibility that he’d have someone else living in the same building who would notice my arrival and who would need an explanation for my presence. I’d need to form a pretext for my interest and presence, status for action which would be acceptable without raising suspicions. I decided that a variation on the theme I’d used with the talkative cabbie would work.
As I munched my way through the pizza and finished a second Efes, I mentally reviewed what the DIA files had mentioned about HANNA. He’d been working under a cover as a public information officer (PIO) and lived in USG supplied accommodation here in the Arberia section of Pristina. His personal details were not given so I had no idea if he was married, divorced or played for the other team. I was fairly sure he would be unaccompanied on this tour as he was living on the local economy which would have meant exposing any accompanying family members to risk which wasn’t the norm for under cover operators, NOC or otherwise. I had only the address for his house, no key or official sanction for going there but I figured I would see what the layout was on a walk by and determine from that the best approach to getting inside. As I mentioned before, you don’t know what you’ll see until you actually look and anything which might shed some light would be helpful. I didn’t expect to find a notebook filled with classified information or anything else unprofessional but seeing how he lived might give me texture which was useful. Right now, I knew very little and there were a lot of things which could be important in context that I was missing. Seeing how and where he lived, getting a feel for his lifestyle and personality and perhaps finding some information which, although not significant at the time, would turn out to connect the dots later was the objective. It was, admittedly, a long shot but since I had time, due diligence would require me to at least take a run at the place.
Finishing my dinner, I paid the bill and walked out of Pinocchio. I turned left, uphill slightly and away from Ahmet Krasniqi, the main road that ran up the side of Dragodan Hill. There was a narrow staircase running up the hill with stops at the streets which formed a sort of terrace up its face. Once I reached the stairs I dropped down two streets and then headed back toward the main drag before reaching the house where HANNA had lived. This neighborhood was a decent one, most houses had only small waist high walls in front and the grounds were neat and well-tended. The house HANNA had occupied was a two story with a large carved wooden door in a tiny garden two steps below street level. It looked like the typical arrangement with a common entry way that then divided inside to separate apartments. I glanced around and noticed a woman approaching from the downhill slope of the road. She would certainly catch the eye even if I wasn’t scanning for people in my vicinity. Long jet black hair worn loose and cascading down her back framed a heart shaped face just the right side of beautiful. Her black pants, black silk shirt, matching bolo jacket and heavy silver earrings combined with black heels by someone whose name was no doubt a fashion standard made the impression of well to do and stylish youth. She was in her middle twenties, put together like God’s own ecdysiast, very much on display but discretely and with good taste. Think of a taller Selma Hayek and you’d be pretty close. All in all she would normally draw a second look and her walk and body language said she knew it and simply accepted it as her due. I noted all this in a quick scan that jumped into a more serious evaluation when I saw she was looking directly at me, making eye contact and slowing as she came closer to where I had paused.
I smiled and nodded politely, waiting for her to pass but she stopped a few feet away and looked me over with a sort of polite but puzzled frown.
“Hi,” she said in slightly accented English. “Do you speak English?”
Well, that part worked anyway, I thought. She couldn’t tell from looking at me if I was American, European or what. English being the lingua franca of the area it was a reasonable opener. I decided to act the part of the typical guy, somewhat overwhelmed by her and a bit off balance because of it. Less memorable, something she was used to and would dismiss without thought after I wandered off down the street.
“Um…sure. A little French too. Most of us Canadians do. Unless we’re French speakers of course, then it’s sort of the reverse…” I let my babble trail off in a good imitation of a guy feeling out of his depth and nervous in her presence. Her response was a smile that said she recognized the symptoms and wasn’t inclined to push it.
“OK, good. I guess I don’t mean to be rude but you are standing in front of my house?”
She gestured to the house where HANNA had lived, her expression one of polite inquiry. This could be either good or bad but I was stuck in it now so I went with the story I’d prepared.
“Oh, you live here too? I...um…I was dropping by to visit my friend George. We’re colleagues, well, at least we’re in the same business. I’m a reporter and he’s a public affairs officer. But then I guess you know that if you’re his…um…landlord…?”
I let my run on stream of nervous consciousness trail away as she reacted visibly and with shock to the mention of HANNA’s first name. Her eyes widened, she half raised a hand to her chest and then dropped it and looked away over my left shoulder at the sky. She blinked rapidly and then looked back at me.
“No. I’m not…I mean I wasn’t his landlord. I was his girlfriend.”
Her voice died away softly on the last part and she dropped her gaze downwards to the cobblestone street. I gave it a two beat to simulate dawning comprehension and then replied in my best imitation of awkward volubility.
“His girlfriend? Oh, right, sorry. George didn’t mention you…um…not that he should have of course or that he wouldn’t but…wait…you said was. Oh….OH. And here I am in the way when you have things to talk to him about.”
I moved sideways, away from the gate as I spoke, adding an apology for blocking her way. She remained in place, started to shake her head and suddenly burst into tears. She turned slightly away, dug in a small tote or whatever one calls those tiny purses, and came up with a large square of silk into which she buried her face. Her shoulders shook as she took several deep shuddering breaths and wiped at her eyes. I remained in awkward mode, fidgeting slightly as if uncertain what to do. After a moment she finished drying her eyes and gave me a wan smile. Her makeup remained intact, only slightly the worse for wear, a sign of both quality and the ability to put it on properly.
“I am sorry. You misunderstood. I have not had a quarrel with George. He is dead. Eight days ago now. I am sorry to tell you if you were not knowing.”
“Dead?” I put the shock of the pampered middle class into my voice. Death really only happens elsewhere and to folks you don’t know. I mean at least until you are old, right?
“He’s dead? Like in an accident or…oh, I am sorry, I apologize. Here I am dragging it all up again. Please…um…”
I let my voice trail off again as she once more buried herself in her handkerchief. This time she regained control much more quickly. I had just raised my hand as if to give her shoulder a consoling pat when she looked up again and shook her head.
“No need to apologize. I am guessing you did not know, yes? And here I am crying in the street like a foolish country girl.” She gestured toward the house. “Will you come in if you wish? I can tell you what I know and to be honest it will be nice to speak to someone. I cannot do so at work or here.”
As she spoke she dug into the tote and removed a set of keys. She also looked up and waved to indicate our surroundings when she mentioned not being able to speak “here”. I was slightly hesitant. My first thought was that this was a good way to get a look inside and perhaps some details of HANNA’s life. My second was that if this chick was his girlfriend then I’d have a harder time convincing her I was an old buddy. Maybe tone it down to business acquaintance just in town and looking him up per a standing invitation. That should work unless he was the sort who never brought work home. That seemed unlikely if he was posing as a PIO. They tend to be a sociable lot and one selects cover based upon what one can most naturally pull off. Odds were HANNA had been a social type as well. In any case, I decided to go for it and see what I could learn.
I followed her the six or so feet through the little garden and waited while she unlocked the door. She smiled back apologetically once she entered and motioned for me to come in. I noticed that she scanned the street as I passed and before she shut the door, which she quickly locked. The foyer into which we’d entered was small with a set of stairs to our immediate right winding to the upper level and a door directly opposite the entry door. This she unlocked, walking deeper into the apartment and not looking back to see if I followed. I noticed she didn’t remove her shoes upon entry, something not necessarily indicative of her ethnicity but still a hint. She confirmed this when she turned as I closed the door and held out her hand.
“I am Billjana Popovic. Everyone calls me Billi, please you do so too. Come sit and please give me a moment to fix…” Here she gestured to her face and then hurried out of the room down a short hallway. The apartment seemed to consist of this room, a nicely furnished living room, open plan kitchen and a bedroom or two and bath down the hallway. The living room rear wall consisted of floor to ceiling windows with walk out French doors and a small patio and carefully manicured lawn edged with flowers, some fruit trees and small bushes. There were new appliances in the kitchen and everything was modern, clean and upscale. Not a bad place to lay one’s head. The area had been largely Serbian before the war, hence the small walls or none at all and the name Billi had given me was also Serbian. That was rare in Pristina where the few remaining Serbs lived in an enclave guarded by international military units and travelled only when heavily escorted. Especially with the recent tensions at the border, a Serb wandering through the streets was at real risk.
When I’d first been to Kosovo, locals had told me they could identify a Serb or Albanian by sight. I had been skeptical but after a year of immersion I was also able to do so. Of course, this applied primarily to the men. The women, of whatever ethnic background, all dressed in the same fashions, wore the same hairstyles and generally were more sophisticated than the men, whose clinging to ethnic roots was often a point of pride. Not that the women didn’t as well. Some of the most vicious people on both sides were female. It was just that international fashion and gender impulses worked on them differently and the result was a similarity that made visual identification difficult. If a Serbian woman also spoke good Albanian then she might get away with being in Pristina if she was careful and had good luck. Still it was a considerable risk as the minority who’d attack her just because of her ethnicity would be supported by the majority who’d turn a blind eye once they realized a Serb was on the receiving end of the rape, robbery or murder. Add in the intimidation factor always present when violent crime occurs and Billi was walking a tightrope above a very long drop indeed. Having a boyfriend who was employed by the US Embassy would help some but her wary appraisal of the street outside made more sense to me now.
As I made this reappraisal, I wandered around the living room looking at the décor. One picture in a silver frame caught my eye. It was of Billi and a Caucasian man, arms around each other and smiling for the camera. The background showed the inside of a local nightclub and the shot was obviously candid. The male was about forty, carried about thirty extra pounds and wore Buddy Holly glasses. He had the look of a former geek who’d figured out how to hang with the cool kids by being funny and smarter than they were. I suspected that this was HANNA but since neither the DIA file nor the crime scene photos had included a picture I wasn’t sure. I was still holding the picture when Billi walked back into the room. She stopped next to me and looked over my shoulder at the picture.
“That was just a month ago on George’s birthday,” she said. “He had such a good time. He told me later that it was the best birthday of his life.”
Her voice was steady now and under control. She sounded a bit wistful but also purposeful. Turning from me she stepped into the kitchen and pulled a bottle of wine from the rack.
“Would you care for a drink?”
“Sure. I mean, yes if you’re having some. I…un…wouldn’t want you to go to any trouble,” I replied. I was back in “out of his league and knowing it” guy mode and her answering smile was warm with acknowledgement of my plight and without any of the overtones of prideful arrogance I’ve seen in this type of situation before. I was starting to like this girl a little which made warning bells go off. The issue was simple. While I’m not the Elephant Man, I’m not Brad Pitt either. And in my line of work, the honey trap is the oldest con in the game. So if an attractive female roughly half my age suddenly shows interest in me or otherwise gives off the “I’m available if you’re up for it” signals, the red lights go on in mission control and I have to evaluate why. Depending upon the circumstances it may not be a big deal. The real issue is that any female interest has to be weighed, evaluated and carefully considered as a potential trap regardless of one’s status. The bad guys love to run this play because, like all actions that manipulate basic human instincts, it works more often than not. Thinking I’m just the ticket she needs and letting my ego run the show is a good way to wind up dead ahead of schedule. It’s too easy to get taken by hormones and blinded by something other than science. In this case I was fairly sure this was simply her personality. She seemed like a genuinely nice girl, open and friendly but then again I was something quite different from what I appeared to be. My cautious reaction to attraction had never steered me wrong before. It might make relationships and casual hookups more difficult for an operator but it has also kept me around to fail at them until I finally get one right, if I ever do. So I smiled shyly, acknowledged the message from mission control and accepted the glass of red wine she offered. She moved to the living room and sat on the sofa; I took a chair nearby, sipped my wine and waited for her to begin.
Billi and I talked for a while, long enough for afternoon to turn into full evening. Our conversation started with her asking how I knew George and my explanation that I was a freelance journalist from Canada (Toronto if that matters…Go Maple Leafs). I expanded a bit to include being here to cover the border issues as well as some background pieces on the struggles of the new state. She accepted this as normal which was not surprising given the number of hacks of all types doing the same thing. I had been a cop a long time ago before moving on to more vigorous confrontations with evil and I fell back into the easy elicitation rhythms used with victims and witnesses. This required a sort of unpressured interest, unobtrusive questions and the creation of a feeling that what they have to say is the most important thing you would hear all day. Sometimes it was. People respond well to this and a calculated display of empathy helps smooth things along. I had been good at this back in the day, mainly because I genuinely felt for the victims with whom I spoke, and I was still good from using these skills in other forums. I drew Billi out, let her set the pace and topic but also gave her the opportunity to paint for me a clear picture of her life with HANNA or at least the idealized version she had created as a memory. My displayed persona became more relaxed as well which made sense as I was presumably being drawn into her story and thus losing a bit of my own self-consciousness. Keeping all the strands together and coordinated is tough but any undercover cop does the same under much higher levels of stress and greater danger. It’s not something you can learn any other way than by doing and I was thankful for my age and experience as I balanced my presentation with the need to learn specifics.
Her story was fairly ordinary for the time and place. She worked in a section of the UN devoted to gender issues and had meet George professionally. They had then met again at a party held by the US Embassy and finally had begun seeing each other socially after running into each other at a café at the bottom of Dragodan Hill. It turned out that both frequented that café and George apparently decided to go for it and ask her out. A month later she had moved in. He certainly wasn’t a catch back home but here, where misogyny ruled, anyone who treated a woman like something other than a second class citizen and who held an American passport to boot was an excellent option. A lot of diplomatic and other Foreign Service types who couldn’t get laid in a whorehouse at home with a fist full of Benjamins suddenly find they are God’s Gift to Women when they hit the Third World. The honey trap works so frequently with so many of them simply because they know this is a limited time offer based upon where they come from. Of course, the honey trap is usually just marriage and a green card but you only have to look at the diplomatic types who have foreign born brides and factor in their level of attractiveness and desirability at home to see how often that occurs. Not to say true love doesn’t also make its appearance, it can and does. One of my best friends met his wife while deployed and they are one of the most successful married couples I know. But it’s far more often a case of a guy who couldn’t rate anywhere else getting the best he can while the girl takes what she can get in exchange for the security that goes with the geek. Sad and maybe harsh but that’s the way the world works. This looked like being another example of local girl wants out and takes a presentable, kind American who she knows will give her everything for fear of losing her to a better looking/wealthier/younger guy if he doesn’t.
Can’t blame her or him, really.
Of course, I knew HANNA was more than just an overweight guy on the cusp of middle age with a decent salary and pension who could trade on that to get the trophy wife life seemed to have thrown in his lap. I figured he was stringing her along, playing his persona for the bennies while he was here and when he left she’d most likely be back to square one. That happens too and I’ve never much cared for the guys who thought this was righteous. I will do and have done a lot of bad things, generally to bad people, but I try to draw the line at abusing the trust and hopes of the innocent. I didn’t know and couldn’t tell if HANNA saw her as another layer to his cover or actually meant to keep her in his life with all the attendant clearance issues that would bring. In any case, hearing her discuss their time together gave me a better feel for how he had presented himself always bearing in mind that she was not merely reciting history but actively constructing memories by speaking with me. I don’t mean she was making stuff up per se, merely that she was using me as a sounding board for the way she would remember this in the future. We all construct and modify memory to an extent and talking to others helps reinforce and solidify what we want to remember and, more importantly how we want to remember. Billi was doing this now, something she as a Serb and an outsider in her own country couldn’t do with pretty much anyone else she knew. I was a convenient outlet for her, someone she could use to alleviate the emotional and mental pressure and let her construct the memory she wanted of her time with HANNA. Knowing this I let her ramble where she would, only dropping in a question here or there when it made sense or allowed me to learn a bit more without being obvious.
I learnt a few important things as well as a lot of trivia. HANNA apparently worked from home a lot, spending very little time on the grounds of the US Embassy. He was frequently out and about meeting with people and spreading the USG point of view, something that naturally brought him into contact with a lot of folks of all political persuasions. Billi mentioned several times that HANNA had expressed sympathy with the Serbian situation in Kosovo and especially that of the ordinary Serb who seemed to be more political football than person to either Belgrade, Brussels or Washington. This may have been calculated on his part but could have equally been genuine. He worked hard and was apparently seen as a fair representative of USG opinion, one willing to hear out another side and try to find common ground. Good traits for someone who is in the business of spotting and developing agents so I wasn’t surprised to hear he exhibited these traits in his cover job. My ears perked up a bit when she mentioned that he had started going out later at night to meet some of his friends. This wasn’t for the usual parties and social gatherings beloved of the diplomatic set but more typical Balkan male behavior. It had only started in the last few months, a period of time which corresponded to the recruitment and meetings with Gashi. His name came up in a do you know so and so bit of conversation. This was the second useful item of information. Apparently he worked at the Ministry of the Interior and had met HANNA through a collaborative effort to explain the decision to turn the border crossing checkpoints over to Kosovo. Billi wasn’t too sure of his actual position, only that he was well connected in the Thaci administration and, being a young guy, liked to party.
I got the impression that HANNA had been acting normal, working hard and, aside from his occasional night out with the boys, behaving as an attentive boyfriend. The one thing which did catch me off guard was her statement that HANNA had been driving her car the night he was killed. The vehicle’s registration details were somewhere in the report but I hadn’t remembered the name. I’d check but was sure she was telling the truth. It was apparently the first time he had done so and at her urging as she wanted to be supportive of his time with the guys. I got the sense that she felt very bad about this, most likely because it hadn’t worked out well and also because she had some serious questions about what he was doing in a lover’s lane with another guy late at night. She veered around the subject and I left it alone as well. I knew the real reason and asking a beautiful woman if perhaps she just couldn’t compete with what to her way of thinking was a perversion would be insulting.
Our conversation wound down and I made excuses for needing to go as well as for staying so late. Billi didn’t seem to mind and asked me to please call her sometime if I was in town long. The little alarm went off again but I smiled as if unable to believe my luck and quickly took her number on the notepad I kept in my jacket pocket. Billi didn’t ask for my number, something I had halfway expected, and I “forgot” to give it to her, something social ineptness would hopefully explain. I didn’t want to give out the local number I was using with KVSPARROW to anyone who didn’t need it. I wasn’t sure if Billi would be useful again but if it turned out she could be I now had a way to contact her. I stumbled my way through a goodbye and then headed down the street on foot saying I would find a cab at the stand at the bottom of the hill.
The cabs were there and I took one to the bus station. Getting out there I hung about as if waiting for someone. This allowed me to check for anyone who might have followed me from Arberia. I saw no indications of such and there was little chance of it but a sort of low key paranoia is a healthy thing when operating. As I drifted around the station I made a call on my new cell phone to a friend of mine from my tour here years ago. I explained that I was working, needed to meet and we agreed on a little café across the street from the statue of Skanderbeg. One of the reasons I was asked to take this assignment was that I had a support network here and it seemed high time to activate it.


Chapter Five
There being no signs at all of hostile attention or even anything beyond the vague curiosity one gets as a foreigner, I felt comfortable hopping a cab to the city park in Valeria. I had no business there but it got me closer to where I needed to be. It was only a short walk downhill to the café where I had my next appointment and I took a leisurely stroll that got me in place a few minutes ahead of time. I found a table inside near the back, close to the rear exit, and ordered a macchiato. The place was the typical early evening Pristina café, crowded, full of smoke and with a blaring techno-pop background to the babel of shouted conversations.
Perfect.
I had just received my coffee when a tall, dark haired Albanian male in a long leather coat, blue jeans and a sweater entered and visually swept the room. He was bigger than the average guy there and had a shock of wavy, dark hair over a heavy lidded gaze which might be explained by the rising smoke from the cigarette burning in the corner of his mouth. Then again, I had rarely seen him without one, except maybe when doing PT. I waited until he noted me in the corner and then rose to greet him as he rushed across the room. His face was split in a wide grin, one I felt myself returning, and we meet with the typical Albanian ballistic handshake and hug of good friends. Naim and I were old comrades, his background in the Kosovo Liberation Army having been of considerable assistance in my last endeavors in the area. He was typical of all the things I loved about the Albanian people, generous, honorable (after his own interpretation of honor), courageous and loyal. Sounded kind of like a Boy Scout. That he most certainly was not but then, I had quit them myself at a tender age when they expressed displeasure at my choice of violence to resolve a personal dispute with two older Scouts. Naim had been busy after the war and was doing well. We kept in touch now and then but hadn’t seen each other since late 2002. I waved to the waiter for another macchiato for Naim and we settled into our chairs for the initial round of catching up. This took the better part of thirty minutes and several macchiatos. When we switched to beer, Naim leaned forward and broached the topic which had been foremost on his mind but which it would have been impolite to ask before now.
“So you are doing well, looking good and healthy. Why are you back in Kosova after so long? I am guessing it is not for vacation, eh?”
“Nope, you guess right. I’m working on something and need to see if you are available. Also, there are some folks I want some information on and I’ll need backup at a meet or two.”
Naim smiled and stubbed out his last cigarette before shaking out a new one.
“Just like the old days, huh? Sounds like fun. Do you want anything you left here with me for this?”
“Yeah, the short. None of the rest. If it’s ok with you, let’s go collect that and I’ll fill you in on the details.”
Naim glanced around the crowded café and nodded. Even with the noise it wasn’t good OPSEC to go into specifics or names where we could be overheard. As for the things I’d left behind, he was referring to a habit of mine of leaving a small cache of weapons, documents and what have you behind in places where I operated and might one day return. I usually leave them with a trusted contact like Naim or else in a very out of the way hide location where they were likely to remain undisturbed. Of course, the items could be lost or otherwise unavailable but having them prepositioned would save time and the trouble of attempting to acquire them during an operation. In this case I’d left an AKM, several magazines of the requisite 7.62 mm ammo, two Russian F1 limonka hand grenades and an M 57 Yugoslavian version of the Tokarev TT-33 pistol. All I really needed was the pistol. I didn’t know who would turn up for the meet tomorrow night. And I most certainly wanted an option besides throwing rocks and yelling rude words if four guys with AKs decided to crash my party.
We finished off our beers, paid the bill and headed out the door. Naim had an older gray Mercedes parked on a side street and we walked to it, checking for shadows and random thugs like the two I’d met last night. Nothing pinged my radar as we climbed into the car and then headed toward a small village south of the hospital area. I’d never learned the name of this place or even if it had a name as it was a sort of spill over from the larger city. People came, squatted for a while, built a house and paid whatever bribe was needed to the municipality to show a deed for the land. Over time a new section of the city existed where there had been open fields before. Naim had a small two story house here but our destination was a tiny petrol station with a single pump fronting a ramshackle garage on the main dirt road that joined the unnamed ville with the Pristina-Skopje highway. I hadn’t known where we were headed until we pulled in and parked behind the garage. Naim led the way to a rusted tin shed, opened the padlock with a key on his key ring, and then reached up into the darkness to find the single dim bulb hanging on a piece of electrical wire which gave illumination to the interior. I followed him in, closed the door and looked around.
The place was a mess of parts, scattered bits of junk, crates, boxes and barrels, some open and themselves full of miscellaneous junk, others sealed and with wooden boxes of empty beer and soda bottles scattered haphazardly on top. A set of battered metal shelves on one side held more boxes and mechanical and electrical parts, none of which were familiar to me. I wasn’t very mechanically inclined anyway. Naim moved a drum full of some heavy liquid, pushed aside several wooden planks and revealed a small open pit in the concrete floor. It looked like the type of thing into which one emptied the oil when doing an oil change on a tractor or motor vehicle. From the dark, greasy swirl filling the pit that was evidently what it had been used for. Equally evident was the fact that no one had emptied it in a very long time. Naim used a nearby broom handle to prod the turgid, oily depths and then grunted in satisfaction. He tossed in the butt of his latest cigarette, quickly pulled off his jacket, sweater and the shirt beneath and, naked from the waist up, knelt and reached into the pit. A moment of sloshing followed and then he withdrew a small plastic wrapped box, itself covered with duct tape. Placing this on an already grease covered section of cardboard box sitting on a nearby stack of empty soda bottles, Naim used a filth encrusted towel hanging on a hook to wipe the oil off his arms and hands. From the looks of the towel it had performed this task a time or two before although you’d have to see the pit and someone fishing in it to make the connection. He got the majority of the mess transferred from arms to towel and began dressing. I grabbed the towel, used it to shield the hand steadying the oil covered package and flipped open my CRKT M16. The razor sharp blade made quick work of the wrapping, dropping it away to reveal a small metal box about the size of a cigar box. Opening this in turn revealed the M57 and two magazines. There were loose 7.62 x 25 rounds in the box, enough to fill both nine round magazines with a few left over. FMJ unfortunately but much better than nothing.
I closed the box, used the towel to shove the wrapping into a pile of similar rags and plastic trash and helped Naim reposition the wooden covering and barrel over the pit. A few more pieces of junk tossed on top and there was no indication that anyone had moved anything. A day or two of accumulated dust and the place would look like it hadn’t been visited in years. I shoved the box under my arm as Naim pulled the chain and turned off the light. Once it was extinguished, I opened the door and we went out, relocked the padlock and then entered the Mercedes and quickly drove away. As we headed back into the city center, Naim lit a new cigarette as I briefed him on what I needed. The first order of business was coming to an agreement on his fee, something we did easily and without negotiation. We were friends but he would also be running some risks in helping me and that deserved compensation. I knew from my contract that I was authorized to hire local support as needed and up to a reasonable amount of expense. InSol would reimburse me and I’d make sure Naim got the fair market rate for his time and effort.
That settled, I gave Naim a short version of my mission, namely to meet and talk to someone who might or might not come alone. I explained that I needed a lay off man, someone who would watch my back and provide assistance if things went sideways. Naim was familiar with Germia Park and agreed to arrive around 2000 hours the next evening. He’d be positioned about one hundred meters to my south, in the entrance to the valley, and would be carrying his own AKM. He’d leave his Mercedes parked on a side street where the city met the largely forested valley. If the meet turned into an ambush I could withdraw toward him and he’d provide covering fire. We arranged a simple challenge/password combo we’d used before and designated a trail junction as a rally point further down the valley in case of a contact. It was one we’d used before and knew we’d have little trouble finding in the dark. I sincerely hoped he’d simply have a quiet boring night but it’s generally better to be prepared and not need than need and not be prepared. With the immediate arrangements for support during the meet covered, I asked if Naim would be able to do some checking on some people for me. I wanted to see if Billi’s story had a basis in reality. Naim had a few sources that would be able to verify where she worked and note any local connections of importance without drawing attention to the inquiry. I doubted there was anything to find out but, like the effort of investigating HANNA’s living arrangements, I simply didn’t know what I didn’t know. Naim’s ability to check for me would give me a more complete picture and might even turn up something useful. It wasn’t until I broached the subject of Gashi that I got a reaction.
“Luli Gashi? You mean the guy in the MOI who got killed a week ago? One of Thaci’s guys? Your job has to do with him?”
Naim sounded both surprised and uncertain. Thaci was a big deal around here and not simply because he was the Prime Minister of the new republic. He had been one of the primary leaders of the KLA/UCK back in the day and had close ties with a number of organized crime figures. Rumors of his involvement in everything from drugs, human trafficking and murder had swirled around him long after people stopped listening to Serbian propaganda which painted all Albanian freedom fighters as criminals and terrorists. Some undoubtedly were and, strangely enough, the known ones seemed to always turn up around Thaci. Of course, this was true of any Balkan politician and given Thaci’s background as a finance guy for UCK, those connections were not surprising. Lately he’d been distancing himself from them, acting more the up and coming statesman and national leader but both Naim and I knew his track record. Any operation that involved him would naturally be more dangerous for Naim as he had to live here while I got to leave. I had no reason to believe Thaci or his people had anything to do with the hit or Islamic extremists but still understood his concern.
“Yeah, that’s the one. I’m not too sure how he figures into this but the folks who whacked him are the same ones I’m concerned about tomorrow night. I doubt if it has anything to do with Thaci though. The indications are that either the mafia or some jihadists were responsible. That’s who I’m expecting to be the problem if there is one.”
“Maybe. Yeah, maybe so. Those are some treacherous motherfuckers. If Gashi was doing anything with them…” Naim’s voice trailed off.
“Yep. Bad people and very dangerous. That’s why I need someone to watch my back at the meet. I also need you to find out some background info on both Gashi and Popovic. If you want to change your mind I understand. If not, give me tomorrow night and whatever you can find out without making waves will be good enough.”
Naim crushed out the butt of his current cigarette and lit another without taking his eyes off the road. In the flare of his lighter I saw him frowning and then his quick nod.
“OK. For you, because of our friendship, I will do this. You cannot go up against this type of problem without support and I will be your support. Just please, remember that I will have to live here after you are gone.”
Naim glanced my way, his face a combination of anxiousness and resolve. I laughed, raising my hand to acknowledge his concern and smiled reassuringly.
“No worries, Naim. I understand perfectly. Just help me out with this and no problems. I don’t want to get you into any troubles and I very much appreciate the help. I know it is because we are friends and you are an honorable man.”
I meant what I said. Naim was honorable which, by his code and mine meant he’d take a risky job as my support system simply because we were friends. I in turn would not abuse that friendship and would try to keep him out of trouble. We both knew I meant trouble which couldn’t be fixed by a bribe or pressure from a politically connected friend. Naim relaxed a bit and we finished the trip with a review of what I wanted to know about both Billi and Luli. Naim pulled to the curb near the stadium where I stepped out of the Mercedes and almost immediately into an alley. I walked around for about thirty minutes running a short SDR and then made my way back to the Grand. I was in my room and opening the metal box about the same time Naim would be getting home.
I stripped the M57 carefully, checked that it was clean and oiled sufficiently. I then pulled on a pair of thin leather shooting gloves to keep my prints off the weapon, wiped down the parts where I touched them and reassembled it. I also wiped down and loaded the magazines the same way. People tend to forget when using an automatic or semi-automatic weapon that the shell casings get ejected. If I loaded the weapon with my bare hands, my prints would get left behind. Gathering up all the brass after a firefight is rarely possible to say nothing of practical. So I wiped and loaded with care against the possibility that I’d fire the pistol and leave brass behind at the scene. I’d also wear the gloves when I handled it tomorrow. For now it went into the Pelican case, one round in the chamber and the hammer carefully lowered to half cock.
There was nothing else useful for me to do that evening so I pulled out my ebook reader, selected a Terry Pratchet book and settled in to enjoy the wit, wisdom and escapism his work always afforded. An hour or so later I was tired enough to try to sleep. I undressed, turned off the light, set my alarm on the door and dropped off into dreamland.
Morning came early as my mind refused to drop the images from a dream that startled me awake. Like most dreams, the details faded quickly but I could recall the sense of it, a feeling of sorrow and loss as well as of looming danger. Gee, guess I ought to be a shrink to figure out where all that came from. Being mentally unprepared to go back to sleep I got out of bed, stretched and risked room service. The coffee was good, the eggs and bacon much less so. Still, it was better than a pointed stick in the eye. Leaving the tray in the hall, I made my way to the business center and used a computer to check the Hotmail account. My thumb drive showed a couple types of spyware which I negated. There was a message in Drafts from KVSPARROW. It confirmed the time and location for the meet and gave me a phone number as well. I replaced the battery in my cell phone, turned it on and entered the number under K. Wiping the browser and extracting my thumb drive took a few minutes and then I was back in my room, staring at the walls. I had a long day ahead of me before the meet tonight and needed to do something besides sit in the hotel room and stew. I threw on a pair of shorts, a Ramones t shirt and my Nike Free Runs and headed to the hotel gym. This wasn’t great but at least I got in a run and some body weight calisthenics. A quick shower later and I was still a bit early for lunch. I didn’t feel like eating in the hotel and headed off down Mother Teresa Boulevard. I found a small restaurant/bar, sat outside and watched the people walk by while eating a pretty good spaghetti Bolognese. When I finished I took a stroll through the shops and side streets, watching for anyone watching me. There was no one and I finally returned to the Grand to finish off the afternoon in my room.
Tom Petty once said the waiting is the hardest part. He wasn’t kidding. I am quite comfortable being by myself. Still, the wait before action drags on me as it does on most everyone. I had done all the planning and preparation I could. The trick now was to relax as much as possible, let my subconscious turn over while I concentrated on other things and eventually I’d find it was suddenly time to go. I sat in the overstuffed chair the Grand had thoughtfully provided for this purpose and read for a while. Around 1800 hours I had room service deliver a sandwich, fries and a Sprite. Finally around 1900, I donned my gloves, tucked a watch cap in the pocket of my Barbour and slid the M57 butt forward into the left hand waistband of my jeans just behind the point of my hip. I put the extra mag in my left rear pocket. This carry location was fairly secure even when making gross motor movements like running, jumping or twisting. It also made the weapon more accessible while sitting as one does in a car or at a table in a café. Finally, it permitted a more unobtrusive draw especially when viewed from behind or to the side. I reassembled the cell phone, switched it on and headed out.
The night was somewhat overcast, shadows were deeper and darker and there was a slight chill in the fall air. All these were pluses as far as I was concerned. I walked through Velania, took several twisting streets and finally came out on top of Sunny Hill where I knew I’d quickly find a cab. Taking the first one available, I asked for the American University in Kosovo. The university is located on Dr. Shpetim Robaj, a short distance south of Germia Park. The cabbie wasn’t talkative and I wound up in front of the university entrance with no words exchanged aside from my destination and a short ”falimenderit” when I paid. I waited on the street lighting a Swisher until the cab had departed and then walked away from the university toward Germia Park, tossing the cigar as I went.
It wasn’t a long walk and the road quickly became deserted and quiet. There was the occasional car passing by but no other pedestrians. Cutting through a field just before the turn to the swimming pool entrance, I made my way into a deep patch of shadow near a stand of trees. The night was still, only the faint sounds of the city behind me and a few security lights at the pool. Donning my watch cap and gloves, I waited for ten minutes to see if there were signs of life ahead or around me and after seeing none, began to box the objective from west to east. This let me approach from cover and also check for anyone else already in place on those three sides. Twenty minutes of careful stalking later I was in my overwatch position, looking down on the pool, its parking lots and the road up which I had lately walked. That left only the pool itself and the woods to my immediate north. My early arrival was intended to permit anyone hiding there to make themselves known by fidgeting, smoking or otherwise displaying poor light, noise or movement discipline.
In situations like this, the idea of arriving early is pretty standard. It is possible to take it to extremes and in more populated areas or ones where you are being directly observed by the public, it is often difficult to maintain the requisite status for cover for an extended period of time. Folks tend to notice, for example, the guy who hangs out for hours on end drinking only a cup or two of coffee and reading the same paper. Of course, better tradecraft helps but unless you have strong reason to suspect hostile action, arriving a couple of hours early when you can observe from a concealed location is generally sufficient. In this case I had strong reasons to suspect hostile action but also had others which I felt were mitigating. Among them was the fact that the opposition had previously waited until a meet was in progress before showing and I felt they would, like most people, stick to what had worked before. That didn’t mean they weren’t already hiding in the woods having arrived long before I did but I judged it unlikely. And as I mentioned, the long wait we had ahead was difficult for those not used to it. Unless you’ve done it a lot (and sometimes not even then), sitting in an ambush is extremely boring. The discipline required to remain as motionless as possible, make no noise and show no light is something trained military units have difficulty maintaining. Gangsters who might have done so in their far distant past but whose lives tended toward immediate gratification and a lack of self-discipline were not likely to be able to sit still and silent in these woods. I sat back and listened to the sounds of the night, small noises, and rustlings in the weeds which told me the nocturnal animals were out and about. If the forest went suddenly quiet then I’d know something large and unknown was moving. The breeze was drifting down from the hill to my north toward the city and carried no taint of cigarette smoke.
My phone, which I had set on vibrate, began to shimmy in my jacket pocket. I took it out, shielding the light of the screen inside the jacket and crouching low. I had a text from Naim saying he was in place. I replied that I was as well and we settled in to see if anyone else joined the party early. The night drifted slowly by with only the occasional car driving past, into or returning from the park breaking the stillness. None of the vehicles were repeat customers and the quiet night let me hear that their engines didn’t pause or downshift as if stopping or slowing to permit someone to exit out of sight. Nothing changed in the sights, scents and sounds around me. For the next two hours the meet site remained silent as a tomb.
Maybe not my best analogy.
Shortly before 2200 hours my phone vibrated again. I had a text from K. It stated simply “I am here”. As I read it I saw the lights of a vehicle sweep across the pool buildings as it turned off Dr. Shpetim Robaj and onto the access road to the pool. The vehicle was a typical local taxi and had a young male driver. The rear was shadowed which prevented me from observing the passenger but it was evident that someone was in the rear seat. The taxi drove into the lot and then circled to park near the south side of the lot, close to the path leading to the overflow lot. At about 100 meters away I could observe fairly clearly despite the overcast night. The driver shut off the engine, stepped out and stretched before lighting a cigarette. He’d left the radio on and through his open door I could hear the sounds of hip hop. I wouldn’t know the real Slim Shady from an ersatz version but could at least recognize the genre. I’ve got a pretty catholic taste in music but hip hop has never been my thing. I found myself almost soundlessly humming Cole Porter’s Night and Day as a counterpoint.
The musical revere ended when the driver finished his cigarette and leaned in to turn off the radio. It had been about five minutes with no signs of anyone else being present. There could, of course, have been someone following in a vehicle with lights off, someone who then slipped out on foot and was now hiding in the shadow of the same trees I had utilized on my own approach. There could also be a well-disciplined direct action team in place near me, people who had observed my own arrival and maintained security well enough to fool me into thinking all was well. One thing you learn in this business early on is that the enemy gets a vote too. You do your best risk mitigation, prepare and rehearse responses to hostile events and train to maintain your skill set but in the end, no plan survives first contact. Once the balloon goes up it is all down to training, bloody-mindedness and mental flexibility. Of course, this didn’t mean I had to make myself an easy target. If there was a hostile element out there it was due to the person in the taxi having set me up. This was what DIA was worried about and why they did not want to expose another case officer to this level of risk. I had no intention of strolling out to meet my new friend just yet. The last time the bad guys had the benefit of having the targets in a close environment, easily located. I’d deliberately set this up to give me lots of room to maneuver and little to determine where I was located. As soon as I thought this another thought pushed toward the forefront of my mind. It faded quickly though, the connection not quite made. I put it aside for contemplation later. Right now I needed to manage the meet with a potentially hostile agent.
Pulling out my phone I sent a text to Naim confirming arrival. I then sent another to K telling them to walk up to the overflow lot and straight into the tree line where they should wait for further instructions. I also provided a pass word, Fajkua, the Albanian word for hawk, which I would use to identify myself. My having the source jump through these extra hoops was a bit rude as far as the general protocols for agent handling goes but since the situation was what it was I intended to play it cautious and safe. Rude we could fix, dead not so much. Having KVSPARROW walk to the tree line meant that I could remain in the cover of the woods which made pinpointing me harder for any waiting ambushers. It also let me observe a bit longer when the location changed slightly from where it was set to one where any watchers had even less control. A jumpy or uncertain team might give itself away and anxiety could drive a decision to move or reposition early. I wanted to see if that occurred and I could spot it. I hit send and a minute later the rear door of the taxi opened. The figure getting out was largely hidden in the dim light at that end of the lot but I could see that the passenger was slender and moved well. The taxi remained in place, the driver’s window now down and a lit cigarette visible in the darkness. As I watched for movement or other indications of reaction from the area of the pool or the woods around me, the figure walked up the path and across the overflow lot. The lot was not in cloud shadow and as the figure drew closer I was able to more readily observe detail.
The first thing I noted was that the advancing figure was a woman. She had medium length dark hair that framed her face, falling in a casual sweep that spoke of considerable effort by a talented stylist. Her clothing was all dark, black pants that looked like jeans tucked into black high heeled leather boots. A wine red shirt sat under a waist length leather jacket. She carried a purse, also black and made of some shiny material, with a silver chain strap. This was now slung from her left shoulder. Her right hand was tucked up tight against her stomach and appeared to be holding something. From her posture and the way she was rapidly scanning the area I was betting on a small pistol of some type. Not unreasonable whatever side she was on. The woman appeared to be in her late twenties or early thirties, quite attractive in a sophisticated European sort of way. If Billi brought to mind Selma Hayek then this woman reminded me of Sarah Shahi. I shook my head ruefully and grinned. If there is one thing Kosovo does not lack it is attractive women. Running into two such in the same operation was not a surprise. Friends who’d never been here were always a bit skeptical when told about the general level of feminine pulchritude to be encountered here. Those who later visited were rapid converts. I pushed all that aside and watched as the woman crossed the overflow lot and then slowed, approaching the tree line hesitantly a few yards to my left. Once she entered the shadows of the trees and I could not see her I sent a quick text saying to stop and wait. The faint sounds of her movement ended and we both waited, listening to the night. Nothing else stirred and after a short pause, I began to move slowly toward her location. Its damn near impossible to move silently in the woods at night but with care one can be pretty quiet. I got close enough to drop to a crouch which silhouetted her against the light outside the forest. She was standing upright, not crouching, and looking slowly around. Her breathing seemed normal, no quick panicky breaths and while obviously tense, what I could see of her body language didn’t indicate a hair trigger readiness for flight or fight. All of this was consistent with her being here for a meeting rather than an ambush, so I whispered softly, pitching my voice to carry to where she stood but not much further.
“Fajkua.” I paused and repeated the password, “Fajkua. Keep quiet and come this way. About seven meters more. Watch your step.”
The woman twisted quickly when I spoke, her right hand coming up and pointing a small dark pistol into the woods. She just as quickly lowered it and nodded. I hoped the distinct North American accent had eased her fears somewhat. In any case she stepped carefully through the underbrush and reached me in a few seconds. I stood, prompting a quick inhalation but her features, from what I could make out in the deep shadows, remained controlled and impassive. I was taking a chance here as she still held the pistol and could easily turn her arm and try to shoot me. I was prepared to act if that happened, but even this close and in the dark there was no guarantee I’d be able to avoid being shot. Pulling the glove off my right hand with my teeth, I extended the now bare hand. I dropped the glove into my waiting left hand and, keeping my voice pitched to a very low whisper, said, “Hello. It’s good to finally meet you.”
The woman stood still for a moment and then, moving quickly as if having come to an irreversible decision, shrugged her purse off her shoulder, tucked the pistol away in it and grasped my hand firmly.
“It is good to meet you also. I am…Aferdita. You may call me Dita, of course.”
“Ok Dita. Let’s move over this way a bit. If anyone is watching and saw you it might be good to be a ways away.”
As I spoke I worked my glove back on and gestured for her to follow me to one of the paths I had scouted out previously. Using it, we made our way further south and then a few feet off the path where we were hidden from view. Good enough, now it was time to see what could be seen on a different level.


Chapter Six
I had only a limited amount of time to speak with Aferdita, confirm she was indeed KVSPARROW and set up a second meet where we’d have more time for discussion. I also needed to get a feel for her motivations, not only those professed or concealed but also those of which she might, depending upon her level of self-awareness, be unwitting. This is a difficult thing to do and something usually done during the development phase of source recruitment. I had nothing to go on here and would wing it. If I could establish sufficient trust to keep her as a source, assuming she was the source, then the DIA case officer to whom I handed her over would have to work out the rest on his own. My priorities at this point were threefold. First, establish the actual source, second, set another meet location and time and third, gain some insight into the source’s placement, access and motivation. That being the case I started with the truth.
“Dita, you have to know that the people for whom I work are very nervous about me meeting you. They didn’t think anyone knew how to use the email to pass information to them and they suspect that this whole thing is a trap.”
I was watching her closely and despite the low light level was able to see her expressions fairly well. Aferdita nodded as I spoke as if I was confirming for her something she expected. When I finished speaking I waited a moment to see if she would jump to fill in the conversational gap, something often done by people who are under stress. She didn’t take the bait but waited until it became clear I was waiting for her. Then she nodded again and whispered a quick reply.
“Luli said no one was to know how he sent messages to his friend from the Embassy. He was very careful and worried about being found out. But I made him tell me how he was doing it. It was my idea, my plan after all. I wanted to know. It was my right to know.”
Her voice got a bit faint at the end but she continued to look me in the eyes, switching her focus from one to the other as if searching for signs of my understanding. I continued to look pleasantly interested and waited. Once someone starts to talk it’s often best to let them continue and only interject when specifics are bypassed. This was, after all, mostly an interview, not an interrogation. Dita watched me for a moment longer and then continued.
“Luli was my brother. He…I…we got involved in things beyond us. I wanted to get out of where I am, Luli felt bad and wanted to help. He felt responsible. Working with the Americans was my idea; it was my plan to help get me out. If he gave them the information I gave him maybe they would help me escape. You Americans can do anything you want. You could get me out and let Luli continue to be a big shot. That was the plan but now…now he is dead and I am in a worse place than before.”
Here she stopped, apparently unwilling to speak further until she had some indication of what I was thinking. There is a give and take to all conversations and she needed to be prompted in order to assure her that I, and more importantly the people I represented to her, was interested in what she had to say.
“OK. I didn’t know Luli had anyone else helping him. He never told his friend. And his sister? That is a surprise as well. I want to help you, we all do, but we need to know more so we can figure out what to do. Can you start from the beginning, tell me what you need to escape from, how Luli was helping and what your plan was?”
Aferdita nodded. “My brother was always ambitious. He was too young to really be part of UCK but he worshipped them and hung around anyone with a connection to them. They found ways to use him, watching people, making deliveries, things like that. He was always good with people and they liked him. Then he got a job with UNMIK; he was a translator and got to know many important people. The mafia who had been a part of UCK decided to bring him in closer, to use him more. They made him feel important. They used his hero worship and youth and pretty soon he was spying for them. But these were not the people who fought for freedom. They were the ones who fought only for themselves. They were still friends with many Serbs, especially the criminals. They care only for how they can gain power to fill their pockets. These were the people whom Luli was working for. He was too young to know them but I am older. I knew them for what they were and they distrusted me because of it. Finally one of them, Enver Saddiqi, a thief and robber and molester of women, he told Luli he wanted to meet me. Luli of course thought he was being shown favor by an important man. He insisted and even brought Enver to our house. I refused to speak with him and threw him out. Luli and I had a great fight after that.”
Aferdita paused, looking down to her left, and then continued, her soft voice going almost beyond hearing.
“Enver did not take this well. He had lost standing, been embarrassed by the family of an underling. He and his men kidnapped me, raped me and told me I would now be his girlfriend, do as he said or Luli would die. This is the type of men my brother looked up to. These are who he wanted to be. It made me sick inside and I feared for him…for what was happening and what he would become. I did not tell him the truth. I tried to pretend that I was only a foolish girl playing games to make Enver want me more. And I hid everything inside.”
She stopped again, this time for several minutes. I’d heard similar tales before and knew she did not require my interjection. She was relating her story in a calm voice, no dramatics or self-pity. If what she said was true, I admired the strength that took and the fact that her concern was for her brother not herself. I kept a respectful silence until she sighed and continued, eyes still downcast.
“It became too much. I could not continue to pretend to be Enver’s girlfriend, one of the many he keeps around. I hated him and his friends but could see no way out. I was growing cold inside, dying each day and I knew that soon, if I did nothing, I would become what I was pretending to be. I would rather be truly dead than that. Then Luli mentioned a friend he had met at a party at UNMIK HQ. An American named George who worked at the Embassy. This George was an older man, not like the type Luli usually became friends with. I took care to see this man and to understand that he was a serious person. I decided to risk everything and tell Luli the truth and then ask him to see if this American would help us.
Luli was devastated. He did not want to believe me but he had been around these men enough by now to know what they were like and so he understood the truth. He became very angry, wanting to shoot Enver and be killed himself. It took a long time but I calmed him down and told him that nothing would help or make it right unless we could escape, get away from Kosova and these “patriots”. He agreed to help but it was hard for him. Maybe as hard as it was for me to smile and act as if all was well. He began to get as much information as he could on the cooperation between the radical Muslims, the jihadi, and the UCK who are now gangsters. He ran more errands, brought more people together and became important to the secret dealings they had. For my part I learned more from Enver and his friends. They thought I was won over by the money and the clothes and the life. They talked freely in front of me. I am only a woman after all. Everything we learned I wrote down and hid in my flat. Finally, when I thought we had enough, Luli spoke with George the American and asked if he knew anyone who wanted information and would help him if he gave it.
That was when he began to work with you Americans. I stayed in the background, out of the picture and Luli became your spy. Then he was killed. I want nothing now. Nothing except revenge and so I have contacted you to ask…if I help you will you give me my revenge?”
Hard question to answer really. Of course part of me, the part raised in the Sixties and Seventies on Wayne and Eastwood wanted to rush to the rescue of the helpless female and give the dastardly villains what they deserved. Fortunately there’s been a lot of water under some burning bridges since then and I’d learned that the world was a strange place, often evil and full of people who lie and twist the truth for their own benefit. To take anything at face value was dangerous. Then again I may have a skewed sample due to my profession but since we were in my world, those were the rules that applied. If what Aferdita relayed was true, and it certainly fit with what I had seen and heard here before, then I felt we had a good shot at keeping her as a source. The problem was that she wanted only revenge and perhaps in time she would want out again. Neither was consistent with her remaining in place and feeding us intelligence. My job right now though was to reassure her, keep her on side and see how we could find a mutually agreeably way to get something we both wanted. I had only a second to process this and knew a delayed response would have a negative impact. So too would an immediate promise to give her everything she ever wanted. If she had been where and with whom she claimed, then she could easily sense disingenuous responses. I went with the truth again, albeit a variation on it that I hoped would work for us both.
“Dita. I cannot give you a full answer now. I did not know this story and do not want to promise anything I cannot deliver. I can tell you this. I am very sorry to hear what has happened to you and Luli and I very much believe in revenge. I want us to work together to give you that revenge, a complete revenge, because these men are my enemies too. To help you though, I will need some things from you. I will need to know more about these men, more about how they found out what Luli was doing and how they knew where he and George would be. We can talk here for a while longer but first let’s set a time and place to meet again where we can talk without interruption.”
Aferdita’s eyes had stopped moving back and forth as I spoke and were now fixed on me as if the truth of what I said could be seen on my skin. I let a little of the boy I used to be, the one who thought the world was black and white and the good guys always win, show through my eyes. I had sympathy for her story and I let that show as well, tingeing my voice with sincerity and holding in abeyance my reservations regarding veracity. She stared for a full minute and then looked away. Her hand rose to brush at her eye and then she faced me squarely.
“OK. I will trust you. I must if I am to have a chance for revenge. We can meet at my friend’s flat in Bregu i Diellit. It is on Qamil Bala. You are familiar with this? She is in Budapest on vacation. I have a key to her flat to care for her plants. No one will question why I go there. Meet me there tomorrow at three.”
I nodded agreement. “That should work alright. If you would, please give me the key. I will meet you there at three and we will talk.”
Aferdita dug briefly in her purse and then handed me a key while reciting the address of the flat. I knew the block of apartments well. I pocketed the key and returned to our conversation.
“Dita, I know this is painful to think about but do you have any idea how anyone knew your brother was helping us? And how they knew where he and George would be and when?”
“No”, she replied, shaking her head. “I have thought about it a lot and cannot say. I believe someone betrayed him; it is the only way, but who? This I do not know since he trusted only me.”
I nodded and withheld any comment. Like the man said, three can keep a secret if two are dead and while there were other ways the meet could have been compromised, it seemed possible that Aferdita was correct and there was a third secret keeper somewhere. It was certain that someone somewhere had known about the final, fatal meet. I had that elusive stray thought make a teasing appearance again but couldn’t pin it down and once more relegated it to things to be considered later. Maybe Naim would turn up something. I certainly wasn’t going to give him anything involving Aferdita but in checking on Luli Gashi he ought to come across info on a sister. And comparing that info to Aferdita’s story would be interesting.
We spent a little longer speaking softly under the trees. I stressed the need to tell no one of her contact with us and that we wanted to know many things, all designed to hurt the mafia and through them the jihadi. Some of what we needed to know we’d only learn about as the picture became more clear. Intelligence gaps are not always obvious, especially with a target that is only superficially known. We wanted her to stay where she was for at least a little while so we could learn as much as possible in order to get the most bang for the buck. She understood that and at least did not reject outright my translation of revenge from the more physical and immediate solution she obviously had in mind to one somewhat removed and theoretic. That was a good sign as it meant we might be able to work out a deal which left her in place and able to feed us intelligence. There were essentially two solutions; keep her in place until it was unsustainable or remove her as soon as immediate collection needs could be met. Of course, any delay in extraction also left her in a soul destroying position which, morality aside, meant she would burn out sooner or later. The choice wouldn’t be up to me. It would be made by someone else who would then send another operator out to give her the decision and try to make it workable on the ground. My job was simply to make that choice and subsequent follow through possible. And who knew…it could always turn out that Enver and crew presented a clear and present danger to national interests and someone like me would be assigned to remove them from consideration. I’d let InSol know I was up for it should that be the route taken. Aferdita’s level of veracity in this case aside, I’d seen too many people hurt by these asshats to pass up any chance of taking a few off the count.
Our conversation drew to a halt as there were things we needed to say but this was not the time or place. I reaffirmed the address for tomorrow afternoon and then moved carefully back into position to see the pool and its parking lot. The taxi remained where it had been, all seemed clear. I motioned to Aferdita to go and she stepped out of the tree line as if walking out of a haute couture boutique. A minute or two later and she was in the taxi and driving away. I waited to watch its rear lights disappear toward Pristina and then sent a text to Naim telling him thanks and ENDOP. His reply was a simple OK. I remained for a while longer, waiting out of sheer stubbornness and taking the time to mull over what I’d learned. Subject to verification of course, it appeared that KVSPARROW was the real deal. I’d now need to check on a number of things including the means by which HANNA had been compromised but one of the main goals of this mission was looking like being a success. When I finally got tired of sitting there in the dark I rose, stretched and made my circuitous way back down to Dr. Shpetim Robaj. Taxis were not likely in this area at this time of night so I walked, settling into a steady pace and trying to look like a native, not an impatient American in a hurry. There was a taxi sitting in front of a small neighborhood grocery store about a mile into my walk and I coaxed the driver into taking me to UNMIK HQ. He was on break, eating lunch, but for an extra 20 Euros he decided to delay his repast until I was dropped off.
Downtown Pristina was still in full swing, the place seemed to come alive at night, and the crowded streets and noisy bars and cafés let me blend into the crowd. I’d pulled off the watch cap but left on the gloves. I drew little attention as there were many international aid workers, UN staff and even tourists wandering and enjoying the nightlife. My habitual counter surveillance showed no signs of anyone following me so I slipped into the Grand and headed for my room. The bellhop noticed me and waved, even coming over from his post by the desk to ask if I needed anything. I guess a foreigner, something he knew I was from my registration, coming in before two o’clock looked funny to him. Many took advantage of the Pristina nightlife and partied to the wee hours as often as possible. I made some excuse about having an early day tomorrow and thanked him for his concern. My room looked the same as it had when I left and I locked the M57 and spare mag in the Pelican case, took a quick shower and hit the rack. I would have a lot of thinking to do tomorrow but for now the release of tension combined with the long walks put me straight into a deep sleep.


Chapter Seven
My fourth day in Pristina began well enough and without any hint of the problems to come. I eschewed breakfast, choosing instead to have a pot of room service coffee while preparing an encrypted email to transmit to InSol. I needed to report my progress thus far and encrypting the email on my laptop and then transferring it to my thumb drive prior to transmitting it through Hushmail gave me the best level of practical security. Once I had finished I pulled on the leather jacket, tucked the watch cap and gloves in its pockets and the M57 into my left side waistband. The spare magazine went into the left jacket pocket as well since, unlike my Barbour, the leather jacket was not long enough to cover my rear pocket where the magazine would print. Dropping the local cell phone into a right side pocket, I headed out for the day. There was a different bellhop on duty at the desk. He too noticed me and waved as I passed through the lobby. This was a bit off since that hadn’t happened on the previous two days I’d been staying here. I chalked it up to my now being seen as a regular instead of a short term guest and nodded back. The bellhop grinned in reply and then became distracted with his own cell phone, apparently sending or receiving a text. What in the hell did anyone do before there were cell phones? I can remember the times before cell phones and frankly, I can’t quite figure out how we got on without them. Still, the modern habits of texting and cell use are often slightly annoying in their ubiquity. Thinking crotchety old fart thoughts of this nature, I turned right, walking through Peyton and across Bill Clinton Boulevard, intending to find a random internet café.
As is my habit when operating, I was watching for signs of surveillance. That meant more than checking to see if some guy in Groucho Marx glasses and mustache was ducking out of sight whenever I turned around. I was more concerned with seeing the same faces in widely different places and whether the folks I saw around me acted naturally or stood out a bit like my two friends from the other night. Creative anticipation without projection is the key. An operator thinks about what to look for, remembering past examples and then looks to see if the same thing is present in the current environment without forcing it to be so. If it then appears to be present, the operator will deploy a counter measure or two depending on what they wish their opposition to believe. I mention all this because as I strolled through a housing estate in a generally south westerly direction, a young guy came hurrying up an access path into the estate from the direction of Bill Clinton Blvd. He slowed immediately when he saw me and turned quickly into the doorway of one of the small ground floor shops that serviced the inhabitants of the area. That was a bit of a reaction but since I’d also seen him sitting on a bench directly across from the Grand when I left, it pinged my radar pretty hard. The guy looked Albanian, worn an expensive black leather jacket, pointy black shoes and dark jeans. His jacket was zipped closed so I couldn’t see his shirt but I was betting on something colorful and a bit flash…typical for low level mafia types. Given that he’d come from in front of where I was heading as I took a short cut through the housing estate, I was betting that, if he really was the opposition, there was a vehicle somewhere on the main drag which had dropped him off to walk through and see where I was. No sooner had I thought this than he pulled out a cell phone, turned away from me and began speaking quickly to someone on the other end. I kept walking, not taking any particular notice of anything and turned to follow the concrete walkway between two of the high rises. This would bring me out on a feeder street which ran between Bill Clinton and Ilaz Kodra. Once I got there I would stop and look about as if finding my bearings and see what else I could see. While the young dude’s actions were suspicious, they didn’t by themselves immediately confirm that I was under surveillance. I needed a bit more first before confirming and deciding what to do.
Of course, as I made my way down through the walkway between the blocks of flats, my mind flashed back on the bellhop and his cell phone use after seeing and waving to me. What had seemed an innocent gesture now took on overtones of target designation. Something like “yeah, that’s him. The one I just waved to…ok, you got him. Good.” And the greeting I received from his coworker last night may have also been indicative of being spotted by someone asked to look for me specifically. This raised the question of how I’d been tagged and by whom. By the time I’d reached this interesting point I was on the sidewalk of the feeder street. It petered out to my right toward Bill Clinton which meant vehicles couldn’t get through. I turned left and ambled down the street. I paused at a street vendor when I reached Ilaz Kodra. The vendor had a nice selection of hats and I bought another cap, this one a flat woolen hat like a golf cap. Men my age often wore them here and it could help me blend as well as reduce an easy visual signature created by my lack of hair. Examining the merchandise had also given me the opportunity to surreptitiously look back up the street I’d come down. Sure enough, my buddy was there, standing under one of the many trees in the area and talking on his phone. I looked back toward Ilaz Kodra and saw a dark green BMW pull to the curb. It had tinted windows and a heavy set middle aged driver who looked at me carefully and then quickly looked away as if realizing what he was doing. Turning back and handing my selection to the vendor, I caught a glimpse of my buddy closing his phone and turning back my way. I handed over some Euros, took my change and fumbled it which let me look back toward the BMW. The rear door had opened and another leather jacketed guy had climbed out. He was looking my way as well but swiveled his gaze to take in the rest of the area and pedestrians. This guy was older, mid-forties with swept back salt and pepper hair. He wore a gray dress shirt to go with his charcoal slacks and the obligatory leather jacket. He also sported a pair of Oakleys which got him tagged as Oakleys in the mental record I was now keeping. The kid behind me, being a lot more thin and a bit narrow featured, got tagged Rat Face. There was at least one more dude in the car but it pulled slowly away heading north and I didn’t get a good look.
Looks like I had a fan club.
There are only a few options open when you suspect you are under mobile surveillance. The first priority is generally to confirm that suspicion. This requires a bit of time, effort and travel, all of which have to be disguised as ordinary and explainable activity consistent with whatever cover under which one is acting. This is much more complicated than it sounds, especially when you factor in the next priority which is gaining information on the opposition while denying any to them. Depending upon the tactical environment and the nature of the mission and cover, it may not be desirable to reveal an awareness of the surveillance or even show signs of environmental awareness, by which I mean acting in ways which demonstrate that one is normally in Condition Yellow, not that they are worried about greenhouse gasses. Taking drastic action such as attempting or succeeding in losing surveillance or initiating a physical confrontation are not options if the goal is to lull the opposition or retain tactical mobility. Losing them while making it seem innocent is quite hard or at least it is if they are professionals.
Forget the movies and cheap spy thrillers. Professional surveillants generally work in teams and have excellent comms. They switch off positions to minimize visual exposure, change recognizable clothing frequently and use multiple vehicles and follow techniques. A good team is often upwards of a dozen people and four vehicles. Evading this type of surveillance is hard and doing so without seeming to do so with purpose is almost impossible. Once the target is in the box, as the frame of operators around them is called, the target is generally stuck if the surveillance personnel are trained. This is especially true if the target wishes to continue to appear unsuspecting and/or innocent. If the target doesn’t care that his or her awareness is known and they are willing to take evasive countermeasures, then surveillance can be lost but the cost is a ratcheting up of awareness, the possible loss of status for cover and a potential escalation of action on the part of the opposition. All of this has to be considered in regards to the mission agenda, the tactical environment, the need for deniability, the likely nature of the opposition reaction to countermeasures and the support options available.
Of course, I qualified all the above by using the caveat “professionals”. If they are not pros, the options expand considerably. And the clumsy way these guys had closed on me made me suspect that they were not true pros, had limited resources and were not anticipating any action on my part. This meant I had more options if I could confirm my theory. The danger was that they might not be surveillance at all but a direct action team simply looking for the most convenient location in which to act. And that would make my task of losing them without appearing to notice them much more difficult since I’d have to evaluate my actions and the terrain in terms not only of surveillance sightlines and options but with an eye toward limiting their direct action options as well. I needed crowds, distance between us and rapid terrain changes. But first I needed to pass on the info I already had to InSol. Once it was on the way I could take steps to dry clean myself and maybe make it to the meet this afternoon on time.
OK. I took a couple of deep breaths to slow the surge of adrenaline. There was an internet café just up the street and I headed there without another glance toward my two new BFFs. The internet café was not crowded and finding a computer with some visual privacy and a clear view of the entrance was easy. After doing the usual drill with the thumb drive, I attached my encrypted report to an email to Steve. I also added in plain text that I had a fan club, most likely based on my performances lately and I’d be taking steps to reduce my profile. Steve would get my drift and if something happened to me that info would be helpful in assessing the best course of action. While I was busy typing away, I noticed Rat Face stop on the street outside and look carefully at the flyers posted in the front window. Of course this also let him peer in and spot me in the back after which he wandered out of sight.
Cool. I didn’t want to anyone to get anxious and come inside.
In addition to sending my message I’d been racking my brain to come up with a suitable location in which to lose my new fans. This was one of the reasons I’d spent the first day in country just seeing the city. I needed to know where I could go to conduct different activities. And whenever possible it’s a good idea to use the natural terrain against your enemy. I thought I knew a way to do that, provided my local support was up to it. I made a quick call to Naim while ducking down low so anyone looking in the window wouldn’t be able to tell I was using a cell phone. A short while later I hung up with a slightly better feel for the future. If things went according to plan I’d lose these guys and not arouse suspicion that it had happened due to anything other than bad luck.
I continued mulling over my plan as I wasted time surfing the web and waiting for the text from Naim saying he was set. Once I got it, I replied that I was en route, wiped the browser, paid for my time and headed back out. I made sure to glance each way first through the large front window. Rat Face was lounging at a kiosk on my right, Oakleys was being inconspicuous with a cigarette several doors down to my left. It didn’t have the look or feel of an ambush but I was keyed and ready to go as I pushed out the door and turned toward Oakleys. There was a taxi stand just past him which I needed to get to. His head turned slightly as I came out but then he turned away, drawing on his smoke. I walked past him, the back of my neck starting to tighten which wasn’t good as it meant my posture would be slightly stiff and adrenalized. Anyone good could pick it up. I consciously forced myself to relax and turned as if thinking about crossing the road. Rat Face remained in place and Oakleys had turned to look in a shop window so there was no action planned immediately. Good. Now to do my Pied Piper bit and lead them on a happy little excursion.
The taxi I picked had a young kid driving. I say kid as anyone below thirty and even a few over qualify to me. This guy was a twenty something hipster with a scraggly goatee, Ray Ban shades, a pork pie on his head and high decibel gangsta rap on his radio. I couldn’t resist giving him a fist bump and “what up my brother” which, coming from a middle aged white guy, threw him off stride quite a bit. He started driving away before asking me where I wanted to go and then when he did he tried French before English. My French isn’t great and my accent is atrocious but I went with French since his was worse. I figured at the least if he was questioned by whoever had sponsored my fan club he’d mention we spoke in French which would either add confusion to their data or support my cover as a Canadian journalist. I asked him to take me to Police Station Three. This meant we’d be on the main roads and the point where I exited would be close to a police station thus reducing the risk of direct action happening there. I kept a watch on the traffic around us, mostly by gawking like a tourist which was reasonable behavior for my current cover. The green BMW was parked at the entrance to the parking lot for the housing estate as we drove past heading north. Both Rat Face and Oakleys were visible hustling to get inside before the driver powered out into traffic as we reached the next intersection.
I didn’t notice any other vehicles reacting to our movement or any other suspicious activity by pedestrians. Once it got within a four or five car length distance behind us, the green BMW settled down and kept pace. I took care not to let the silhouette of my head indicate my interest in what was behind us. For this purpose I used a half turn and view out the side windows, craning my neck as if looking up toward the upper floors of the new buildings and thus being able to catch a glance which showed the BMW and other following traffic. In any case I wasn’t too worried about them, it was whoever else might be part of the surveillance effort and who I had not yet identified that concerned me. The next part of my counter measures ought to sort both out nicely. I texted Naim, keeping my phone below the window line and my head upright so as to not give a visual indication of what I was doing. I didn’t want them to see me communicating and put two and two together after the fact. A minute later we were on the E 80, winding up the long hill heading from the middle of the city toward Station Three. I spotted Naim sitting in his car at a side street. He gave no notice of seeing me and I waited for what I knew would be coming soon.
There was a sudden blare of horns behind us followed by the sound of vehicles colliding. I turned and looked back as would be natural and saw the BMW up on the curb with an old battered Lada Niva stopped beside it. The Niva’s driver was an old guy with a flat cap like the one in my pocket. The old guy had exited his vehicle and was yelling at the BMW driver while gesturing at his broken headlight. The Niva hadn’t suffered badly but the BMW had a crumpled front fender which looked to be pressing against the tire and it was stuck for the time being. A rapid argument was ensuing with the usual crowd gathering. Since the police station was just up the road I expected uniformed police would be there quickly and that would also prevent the BMW occupants from following. Traffic was stopped both ways as vehicles coming uphill were stuck behind the crash and those going down had stopped to watch the show. Rat Face was out and hurrying up the street but got grabbed by several onlookers who apparently thought he was trying to escape the growing confrontation. He shook them off but was still engaged when we turned the last corner, cresting the hill and losing sight of them.
I told the driver to stop, tossed the fare plus a small tip to him and hopped out. I needed to be out of sight as quickly as possible and before the BMW’s occupants could bluster or threaten their way clear. I turned into a narrow side street, more of an alley, between a pharmacy and a multi-story building with empty shop spaces on the bottom floor. Ducking down the alley I hustled to the connecting street and turned left. I walked down this one slowly, glanced back when I reached the next intersection and turned right. This lead me deeper into a neighborhood of narrow potholed streets formed in the space between the high walls around each house, the contiguous walls creating a tight canyon like atmosphere which made the streets difficult to navigate at speed in a car. I pulled out my phone, called Naim and confirmed that, once he cleared the traffic jam, he would turn at the same alley I’d entered. He advised that none of the BMW’s occupants had made it away from the scene yet. I told him where I was heading and he arrived a few minutes later after driving the same route and seeing no one on foot or in a vehicle. That meant I was now clean as I hopped into his Mercedes and donned my new hat. This I pulled down low so it wasn’t apparent that my head was shaved. It was enough difference to provide visual cover as we worked our way out of the rats nest of side streets and alleys and back onto the main road into the city center.
“Thanks man,” I offered as we turned back downhill. “Who was the old guy?”
“My uncle. He has a garage and that old Lada has been sitting there for years. It runs but it’s not pretty and won’t matter if it’s dinged. Plus you’re paying him five hundred bucks for the time and effort. And since he’s an old man I figured people would rally around and keep things from getting out of hand until the cops arrived. Then it would be he said, she said and probably both parties would just drive away after refusing to do a report. Ska problem.”
“No problem indeed,” I replied. “I’ll give you his money later tonight if you can meet then. I need to be dropped off at the city park near Station Two. Meet me back there at the top of the park tonight around nine.”
Naim’s ad libs to my plan were perfect as they utilized the cultural respect paid to old people, something even the mafia guys would be hard pressed to ignore without drawing more attention than they would find acceptable. And traffic crashes happened quite frequently so there would be no reason to connect the crash with me, especially when the other driver turned out to be a local with no connections to international organizations. It’s always good to work with pros and Naim was certainly that. I’d asked for a follow and mobile pick up after I dropped out on foot. I’d also asked for the crash as it was a good way to both immobilize the BMW and possibly flush out any other surveillance. There might have been others in my fan club that I hadn’t seen but they hadn’t made themselves conspicuous by trying to force their way around the traffic jam. They also hadn’t followed me into the neighborhood which meant that, whether they existed or not, I was free and clear. I was also rather early for the meet but I would use the time to take a circuitous route through back streets to the apartment block. I needed to stay off the main roads and out of sight as much as possible as the opposition would now have only three options. The first was to give up, something I immediately discounted. The next was to send people to look for me along the main roads and in high traffic pedestrian areas. This would depend on their manpower resources. Finally, they would certainly deploy someone to sit on the one place they could count on reacquiring me, the Grand Hotel. I’d burn that bridge when I got to it but for now my priority was to remain off their radar, make the meet and move the mission into the mid-game.
Naim dropped me at the bottom of the park, which let me walk through to the top where I stopped under some trees and surveyed the area. No one was paying me any mind nor acting unusual. I took a few minutes to plot my route to the apartment. I also took the time to reflect on the surveillance. There were several things to be learnt from what had happened. The first was that someone had the resources and time to contact hotel staff and provide my description and a contact number to be used if I was seen. I doubted very much if the bellhops at the Grand were the only ones contacted. The odds of picking the one place where I was staying out of the dozen or more available made this a non-starter. Most likely the opposition had gone to each of the hotels where foreigners would be likely to stay and had offered a reward to whoever spotted me. This wouldn’t be hard or likely to meet resistance. Of course, I could have been staying at a private residence, an Embassy or some other location but this was simply a logical move I would make in their shoes. This left the question of who was behind the surveillance and how they had my description. If the bellhop had in fact been signaling my presence and departure as the one last night had presumably done for my arrival thus giving them a place on which to set up, then he had to have some minimal description of me. That would not have come from much other than direct observation. Which meant that someone with whom I’d interacted in the past few days was either under surveillance or was providing information to the folks who mounted the surveillance. This could be unwittingly or with intent but either way I was compromised somewhere in the past few days.
I was also betting that the surveillance was by the Serbian Mafia. Despite its name, these guys were almost exclusively Albanian inside the ethnic Albanian areas of Kosovo. The top bosses were Serbian and lived outside with some ethnic Serbs inside Kosovo to represent their interests. But crime knows few ethnic loyalties and there had been considerable cooperation between Albanian criminals and more connected Serbian groups since before the war. The war and its aftermath had provided opportunities for consolidation which left several branches of what was termed the Serbian Mafia as the top dogs. They had a lot of Albanian members and the guys I’d seen today looked and acted to type. The possibility existed that whoever had become interested in me had already been surveilling the mafia and its associates and I’d stumbled into the frame. Not very likely given the appearance and behavior of my buddies today. Anyone good enough to have made me at my meets thus far and remained unsighted would most likely also be able to mount a more effective mobile surveillance, unless they were seriously strapped for manpower and today’s clowns were all they could get on short notice. It was still a possibility and one I’d continue to factor into my calculations but for now my operating assumption was that the opposition was in fact the target organization.
This still didn’t explain how they got onto me but I was sure that the bellhops were part of the plan. I’d use that to spread a little disinformation when I returned, something to hopefully maintain my cover. In the meantime I needed to check out the new meet site, clear it and then enter to wait for Aferdita. It wasn’t getting done while I stood and pondered so I put the surveillance sponsor question aside and began my SDR en route to the apartment a mile or so away.


Chapter Eight
Qamil Bala is basically a street and parking lot that runs in front of several large blocks of flats just off one of the main streets in Sunny Hill. This particular street, Enver Maloku, runs along the military crest of the hill with the flats and access roads, including the connector to Qamil Bala, dropping down the hill in a terrace fashion. There are a few shops set on Enver Maloku near the entrance to Qamil Bala as well as a couple in the ground floor level of several of the apartment blocks. These let residents do their shopping close to home, which is pretty common through Europe. I took advantage of this practice for additional cover, ducking into one of the ground level shops after careful observation and boxing of the area. I’d seen nothing untoward, no one sitting in a parked car, no loiterers in or near the entrances to the flats, just the normal movement of pedestrians and traffic up and down Enver Maloku. Ordinarily I’d have had Naim do a sweep for surveillance before entering the area myself but I wanted no one to have an opportunity to learn the identity of KVSPARROW. What he didn’t know he couldn’t later reveal. I trusted Naim within certain limits but compartmentalization of knowledge is standard operating procedure for a reason. Knowing the meet location would also mean possibly being able to put other data points together in the future and providing lay off security for this meet would mean being in closer and able to directly observe who came and went. That would result in Naim having a good look at Aferdita even without knowing she was the source. This would again mean an additional data point which could later become knowledge we wanted contained. During the meet last night he’d been positioned too far away to see the parking lot or observe the meet directly. That wouldn’t be the case here in a daylight urban environment. So I made the approach to the meet site alone and with care. This was turning into a job where a team would be better than a singleton but time had been a factor and I’d just have to improvise, adapt and overcome.
Entering one of the ground floor shops that sold groceries, I browsed for a bit, using the window to confirm a lack of reaction to my movement. I bought bread, milk, candy bars and a few small items which when placed in the clear plastic bags used for groceries would make me look like just another guy picking up stuff for the wife before he got home. A man walking around an apartment complex by himself draws the eye. The same guy, properly dressed, carrying groceries and not paying obvious attention to his surroundings, tends to blend in and not be noticed. Status for cover, status for action. The more easily explainable I was, the more likely I would be overlooked.
I left the shop, turned right and quickly reached the entrance to the block where Aferdita’s friend had her flat. I was fairly sure this was legitimate and not an ambush but the possibility that I was being played remained. I needed to clear the area and establish an observation post before the meet was to occur. While no ambush had occurred last night, it was not beyond the realm of possibility for the opposition to have made contact in order to assess who had been running an op against them. Having gotten a fairly good idea from the conversation last night, they could now have decided to go with a direct action against me which would have a better chance of success if I was relaxed and thinking only of external threats. I was in as much danger at this meet as at the last one, maybe more since I had no backup and less room to maneuver. Still, the chance had to be taken and was what we were being paid for. I scanned the area without moving my head, trying to see any signs of anyone out of place.
The apartment block, one of seven or so strung along Qamil Bala, was fairly typical of its kind. There was a central stairwell twisting back and forth to the top floor with a grimy window at each level giving a view of the parking lot and much of the surrounding area. There was a small landing at each floor where the stairs turned back inward. These landings gave access to the flats on each floor. I stayed well back from the windows, checking at each level to see if anyone was hurrying toward the entrance or taking up a position nearby. The flat was on the fourth floor so I walked up to the sixth and waited on the stairs a few minutes to see if anyone came into the stairwell below me. There were no signs of anyone paying me any attention at all which was reassuring. That left the apartment itself. It was the biggest danger area since I was time and place predictable there. A direct action team could wait inside knowing that I’d show up sooner or later and this would permit a clever opponent to eschew external surveillance which might be spotted and give the game away. Putting a team inside might also help lure in an unwary operator who was inclined to trust Aferdita and who, failing to detect an exterior threat, would feel more confident and thus walk into the flat in a more relaxed and vulnerable state of mind. I tended to believe her, mostly because not doing so meant we had nowhere to go, but this didn’t mean I’d switched off. Survival in this line of work requires a constant assessment of potential threats and possible betrayals. Controlled paranoia is a standard part of the skill set.
Or as the Bard put it, readiness is all.
Walking back down the stairs, I reached the apartment door and set the bag of groceries on the floor. I listened for a second but couldn’t wait too long. Hearing nothing from inside, I pushed the key in the lock and stepped to one side as I opened the door. My right hand was on the M57 under my jacket, thumb ready to cock back the hammer. I needed to make an assessment immediately as the door opened. If there was anyone waiting inside I’d be in the fatal funnel of the doorway and easy prey if I hesitated. I also couldn’t go all Commando Bob here on the landing in case any of the neighbors were looking out a peep hole in their door. So far I’d acted normally enough, putting down the groceries and fishing out the key. Even the hand under my jacket wouldn’t look out of place if I didn’t linger. It all depended upon a split second evaluation where I would need to decide to enter or abort and attempt to evade. I felt the adrenaline dump contract my stomach as I pushed the door open, tensed for the sights and sounds of a close range contact.
The door opened smoothly onto a short hallway that ran for about six feet before widening into a living room. There was a closed door on the left side of the hall, that wall continuing to become the wall of the living room. I could see an open door on the wall leading from the living room into what might be a bedroom. There were no sounds, no smells aside from a slight musty odor which tracked with the place being shut up and unused at present. I turned slightly, pulled the groceries into the hallway and shut the door. I wasn’t trying to be quiet; anyone here would know I was here already. I just needed to keep any stray onlookers from seeing inside. Pulling the M57 and thumbing back the hammer to full cock, I pied the living room, looking with the third eye of the M57 for anyone waiting for me. Finding no one, I quickly checked the remainder of the flat which consisted of a large master bedroom and attached bath, a walk in/eat in kitchen, a smaller guest room full of miscellaneous junk and a tiny powder room off the hallway. The place was empty, looked exactly like the apartment of a young, fashionable single woman and had the unaired feel you’d expect in a place where no one was currently living. The rush of adrenaline died off and I took several deep breaths to reset my equilibrium.
Walking into a potential close range ambush in limited mobility terrain such as an apartment is an emotionally disturbing thing. The body and mind are both screaming about the danger, trying simultaneously to warn and redirect. Forcing this into its proper place in the back of your mind while you perform the complicated choreography that is a building search takes some mental discipline. Even dry holes like this are taxing and I was happy to have a few minutes to come down off the hair trigger setting I’d been on. I did a quick search to confirm the contents of closets and storage spaces were consistent with the story Aferdita had provided. The plants she mentioned were evident throughout and pretty much overflowed the floor immediately in front of the glass doors to the small balcony. I hung back from the window and scanned the outside, once more seeing nothing out of the ordinary. It was beginning to look like Aferdita was the real deal.
Of course, this didn’t mean I was going to relax, sit down and have a beer while I waited in a place someone unvetted knew I’d be occupying. I put the bag of groceries on the counter in the kitchen, carefully lowered the hammer of the M57 to half cock and repositioned it in my waistband. I left the flat, locked the door behind me and scanned from inside the entrance way before exiting. There was still no sign of anything suspicious and I fought the sense of futility one gets when a protracted effort such as this continues to yield negative results. Negative results are still results and while the adrenaline rush and ebb take their toil emotionally it is important to retain focus and continue to operate at peak efficiency. I needed to be somewhere other than here when Aferdita arrived in case she came with company. If I was observing from outside I’d have a better chance of spotting anyone accompanying her, with or without her knowledge. The possibility that she was under surveillance and that this was how I’d been tagged loomed large in my mind. I circled the block of flats before crossing Enver Maloku and entering a tiny café with a good view of the parking lot, street and flats below. The plethora of cafes, taxis and confusing, narrow streets certainly made Pristina an easier place in which to operate. I took a seat on a tall stool looking out the window at the meet site, ordered coffee and a pastry and waited to see what would develop. There were still forty five minutes until the meet. Plenty of time for an overwatch.
I had finished my coffee and pastry and started a second coffee before Aferdita arrived in a bright red Cabriolet. She parked near the entrance to the block containing the apartment, locked up and headed inside at a brisk pace and without looking around. I saw no other vehicles pull in and park, no one slowed their pace and changed direction to reach a vantage point near the entrance way. In short, nothing pinged my radar. Dropping enough Euros on the table to cover my bill, I walked outside and uphill, keeping the apartment block and parking lot in view on my right. I pulled out my phone and called Aferdita’s number. She answered on the first ring, her voice a little higher in pitch than before.
“Hello?”
“Hi, it’s me. I see you made it.”
“Yes but there is a big problem. Someone has been here. There are things in the kitchen and I did not bring them. I do not see anyone but I am afraid.”
I shook my head and mentally cussed myself for not thinking of that. I couldn’t have brought the bag out with me, it would have looked strange but I should have anticipated her seeing it and becoming worried.
“Look, it’s not a problem. I left it there. I was there early making sure everything was safe. Don’t worry, I am watching now and everything is fine. I want to be sure we are safe though so please come down and meet me. I will be there in a minute.”
I had no intention of meeting her yet but had to take precautions against the last reasonable possibility for hostile action. Since no one was waiting at the site and no one was obviously accompanying or following her, that left only the possibility of a team waiting one terrain feature back. They would most likely wait until I was in place and then close and trap me in the apartment. This would require a signal from her or it could be set to a timer. Or both. If signaled they’d close immediately, if no signal they would come at a set time which allowed for my arrival and the meet to begin. These risks are inherent in any meet where the other party has an opportunity to communicate the location and time to anyone hostile. Since I had not yet vetted Aferdita it increased the risks exponentially. I was fairly certain that HANNA had been killed because someone had given critical information to the mafia. There was nothing to indicate that person wasn’t Aferdita except her word. I’d need a bit more than that before I could operate with the basic premise of her being on side. This meant that we wouldn’t be meeting in the apartment just yet although she didn’t know that.
I waited until I saw Aferdita come to the entrance way and look around. She had her phone in her hand and brought it to her ear while stepping back into the shadows of the entrance.
“Dita, there has been a change of plans. Please trust me but this is the safest way for us to meet. Please get in your car and drive up Enver Maloku. Stay on the phone and I’ll be waiting on the street. You can pick me up and we’ll go to a safe place to talk.”
Aferdita agreed although she sounded puzzled and a bit put out. Still, she walked to her car, unlocked it, climbed in and started up. I had asked her to stay on the line because I didn’t want her to have the chance to call or text anyone and advise of the change of venue. I was beginning to think this wasn’t an issue but if it’s worth doing its worth doing right. At least that’s what Dad always said. I suspect he had other endeavors in mind but still, the principle applied here so I stayed on the line and kept it tied up as Aferdita drove out of the lot, up an access road and onto Enver Maloku. She could always have a second phone but that was why I was having her drive past me. I’d get to see if she was using a second device to text or signal in any way.
I was now walking uphill, back to her approach. I turned into a side street and stopped, watching as she drove up the hill, head straight ahead but eyes swiveling. She wasn’t texting or doing anything but holding the phone to her ear and looking a bit put out. That was fine. I told her to turn at the next street and was standing by the curb when she pulled in. A moment later I was seated in the front beside her and we were driving down the side street. I apologized for the run around but explained that I needed to see if anyone was following her. I didn’t mention that I’d picked up followers of my own after meeting her as I wanted to reveal that information at a more propitious time. Aferdita appeared to accept my explanation although she shook her head sadly when I told her to head back to the apartment but take a route which would consume about thirty minutes. I didn’t bother to remind her that her brother had been killed recently and that perhaps more caution would have saved him. It was obvious that she was thinking this herself which allayed her normal human reaction of irritation at what would otherwise seem unnecessary precautions. Her being able to see this for herself and rise above her emotions put her step or two higher in my estimation. Most folks can’t do that although it is obvious and usually in their best interests.
The return to the apartment for the meet made sense now that I had eliminated as much as was possible the most likely direct action vectors. A team working to a timer would likely hit within a half hour of the meet time and we wouldn’t be there until after that. Finding no one they would most likely leave as there was nothing to gain by hanging around. If Aferdita was working for the opposition then either there was nothing planned for this meet or she would direct them onto me once we parted. The last was looking more and more farfetched. After a certain point you have to separate the probable from the merely possible. Treating every remote possibility as equivalent to the more probable is truly paranoia. I’d done enough testing and prevention at this point that I could move on to the vetting and establishment of control with a new source.
It still would not be good for us to be seen together so I had her stop while still in the winding neighborhood streets. Hopping out I walked along behind her as she drove slowly to the apartment. I scanned the area again, still finding nothing of concern and entered the block of flats while she was parking. I again entered the apartment quickly and ready for a team with bad timing but found it the same as when I left. Shortly thereafter we were sitting in the living room and my real work for the day could begin.
Under normal circumstances, the development and recruitment of a HUMINT (Human Intelligence) source is a methodical process. First up is targeting, which involves determining who among a group of potential candidates has the best placement and access to the information you need. Access is the key. Absent that it doesn’t matter how recruitable or willing a person might be…if they can’t get the info you need they aren’t worth your time. Access agents, however, are a bit different as they do not have direct access to intelligence information but can get you next to those who do. They can also provide contextual information that makes targeting more efficient and occasionally one can get you somewhere you need to be without leaving traces. They give access rather than intelligence, hence the name. They are still targeted in the same manner though. A janitor who can get you into a secure facility still needs to be evaluated in the same way as the secretary who can copy files or the IT guy who monitors mainframe usage.
Once a potential recruitment target is identified, the next step is development. That usually involves a lot of vetting to see if the source has any connections which may make handling impossible or problematic as well as giving a good idea of what pitches have the best chance of success. It may also involve building a relationship with the target, getting to know them and become a familiar and trusted part of their environment. This step is skipped if they are a walk in or handed off by another entity, however due diligence then requires one to go back and do the homework of background vetting and personality checking. Agent handling requires an in depth understanding of the source’s motivations, expressed, implied and unwitting. These need to be as fully comprehended as possible in order to manipulate the source into the most effective performance.
Last of all comes the pitch, the moment when you outright ask someone to become a source. This requires care in its delivery and is usually informed by the information and insight gleaned in development. If it’s a cold pitch, which are often backed by some coercion, then the development and targeting info becomes critical. Only after all this does one sometimes find oneself with a new asset. And this is only the start, as the new source must now be trained on communications, how to obtain intelligence without arousing suspicion, the use of technical equipment and various arrangements made for meetings and other handling requirements. This part obviously varies a great deal depending upon the source’s background and the environment in which they will operate. But at a minimum training on the methods of communications to enable tasking and response are required before the source can become operational.
As will be apparent by now, this was anything but a normal situation. KVSWALLOW claimed to have been the source all along, working through Luli as a cut out. This was possible, indeed it fit the known facts, but other darker explanations also existed. In any case, the basics needed to be revisited, in this case with Aferdita instead of Luli. I needed to go through such things as biography, schooling, friends and work contacts, all the minutiae of life which would permit someone back at DIA to build up a profile of Aferdita as well as to do fact checking. We would also need to go over Espionage 101 which included how to elicit without raising suspicions, how to observe and mentally record details, what details were important and thus worthy of recording, how to communicate and a backup plan if the main communications plan was compromised. Personal security would also get a brief review. Mostly we’d concentrate on surveillance, countermeasures and when to use them or other emergency options. When I completed this mission and turned KVSWALLOW over to a DIA handler they would revisit all of this and add specific details such as safe locations where she could take refuge in extremis and new emergency contact numbers. While covering all this information I’d also be assessing Aferdita’s level of candor, the consistency of her information, the method of delivery (i.e. was it practiced and rehearsed or spontaneous etc.) and attempting to determine her motivations for working with us. Finally, I’d be determining what we needed to do to get her to continue if that was the course of action chosen and if not, what intelligence she could immediately access and bring out with her.
Simple, right? A couple hours max…
With breaks for both bathroom and stress relief, we concluded at about 2100 hours, nine o’clock to Aferdita. I hated being in a potentially compromised location for that long but if anything was going to occur it should have already done so. As it had not and I’d done everything possible to mitigate risk with the options available, I elected to use the time while we had it. Aferdita needed to know these things and we needed to know about her. I made no notes but kept good mental track of the information she provided. My first action upon getting to a secure location would be to transcribe all of this for encryption and transmission.
Overall, I was impressed with Aferdita. She was remarkably open, did not hesitate to acknowledge or even volunteer information which put her in a less than favorable light and her memory was detailed and consistent. Our only sticking point was her insistence that she get tangible revenge for the death of her brother and her own de facto enslavement. On this she was adamant and I finally agreed to present this as the desired course of action. I couldn’t promise anything but it was obvious that even with her strong will and sense of self she was under tremendous strain. Being a source is always mentally and emotionally stressful and most agents burn out over time. Part of the handler’s job is to monitor the source for signs of stress and help them work through them or determine when they have reached their useful life and prepare to withdraw them from the field. That is also one of the reasons for the personality assessment as it gave a baseline of stressors and demotivators which the handler would need to bear in mind. In Aferdita’s case I thought she could hang in there a while more without serious risk but then again I wasn’t having to sleep with people I hated, all the time dreaming of the day they were jailed or killed. Personal feelings should be kept out of operational evaluations but I knew her situation would color my views and effect the way I presented her preference.
In truth, I sympathized with her. She didn’t need to provide intelligence to us. It risked her life and she had no reason to believe we’d take better care of her than we had her brother. I figured she had the right to set terms such as get me the hell out as soon as possible but as I mentioned before, it wouldn’t be my call. She’d get paid well in any case and most likely would have a Green Card waiting when she was extracted. But I was certain that was several steps down her list of priorities, well below revenge. Maybe it was unprofessional but I decided I’d do what I could to push for a result that included her survival with as much of herself intact as possible. This wasn’t after all a case of saving the world, just one thirty year old woman who’d be victimized and wanted to fight back.
That made her a typical Albanian in a way and definitely my kinda people.
I wrapped up the meet with a warning to her to be even more cautious than before. The people behind the surveillance were not yet identified but appeared to be the Serbian Mafia. This meant that however they’d gotten onto me they would also be looking internally. Aferdita needed to keep a low profile and avoid anything that might draw attention to herself. As I checked the landing through the peephole in the exterior door, Aferdita stood beside me. I offered her my hand which she took and then, impulsively, she hugged me and murmured “falimenderit shome”. I returned her hug, hoping there would really be something for which she could thank me and then slipped out and down the stairs. The early evening dark gave me extra cover as I worked my way around the apartment blocks and across Enver Maloku. I still had to meet Naim at the city park and I was late. I used my cell to call and warn him I was running behind schedule. The distance wasn’t great and even with a few checks for surveillance I’d be there within a half hour if I walked quickly. Picking my pace up to something closer to my normal speed, I set off across Bregu i Diellit to meet Naim.


Chapter Nine
There were a few people out and about as I hurried through the early evening toward my destination. Traffic was light, almost non-existent on the neighborhood streets. I made it to the park in record time, not drawing attention to myself but just looking like a guy with somewhere to be and late to be there. Dressing like a local helped, walking like one, even in a rush also meant that at a quick glance in the dark I wasn’t easy to identify as someone from outside Kosovo. I didn’t expect the bad guys to be trolling the city looking for me anyway. That would be too ineffective and manpower intensive, especially if they were merely curious. It was likely that they expected to be able to reacquire me at the Grand Hotel eventually. I just wanted to keep a low profile out of habit and to lessen the possibility of incidental compromise should one of them just happen to be visiting Granny and drive past me. I avoided the main streets and primary feeder streets as a matter of course and reached the top of the park a little before ten.
Naim was sitting on a rock just inside the grassy area where the street curved, smoking one of his ever present cigarettes. We exchanged handshakes and greetings before walking through the length of the park to enter a small restaurant near the park entrance which catered to locals and internationals. Taking a table in the back we ordered dinner and then got down to business.
“OK, Naim,” I said, taking a sip of the Warsteiner the waiter had thoughtfully supplied while we waited for our food. “What have you found so far?”
“Not a lot but some things. You said be careful and not tip anyone off to your interest so I haven’t pushed at all. This is all, what do you call it…RUMINT and GOSINT.”
Naim and I shared a chuckle over the semi-serious mostly silly designations used for information gleaned from rumor and gossip. If the sources were good, such info could often provide context and even insight to enable a clearer picture of an environment, target or issue but to rely on it overmuch was asking for trouble. Since I merely wanted background, something to confirm that the picture I’d been briefed was accurate in its significant details, this would suffice. And it could bring some clarity to relationships and activities which were not obvious from the briefing materials. This type of low level inquiry would not ping any radars or seem like anything more than gossipy curiosity, something that happens with humans everywhere.
“First of all, Luli Gashi. He was part of Thaci’s group, on the fringes but getting a good name and becoming relied upon as a messenger and, I think you call it, a utility player. He was close friends with several of the old UCK who were with Thaci back in the day. They took him under their wing, made him a part of their group and used him for low level errands. He had a good job in UNMIK as an aide and translator. They used that to gain access to people and information they wouldn’t have otherwise. Gashi was seen as trustworthy and loyal. No one believes that Thaci or his people are responsible for his murder. They all feel he must have been mistaken for someone else or was killed because of something personal not political.
On the personal front, I checked and he had a lot of girls he dated but no one special. He wasn’t known to be seeing anyone’s wife or girlfriend so that motive doesn’t seem likely as a reason for his murder. His parents still live in Pristina as does his older sister. She is one of the main girls of a serious mafia boss, Enver Saddiqi. Gashi probably knew Saddiqi through her but there aren’t any rumors of his being involved with the mafia aside from maybe acting as a go between for the Ministry of the Interior. He didn’t have any bad habits, at least not ones we don’t have too.”
I returned Naim’s grin and saluted him with my beer glass. He meant that while Gashi drank, liked pretty girls and generally acted like a red blooded Albanian male, he wasn’t connected by gossip to drugs, boys, gambling or anything which might have put him in a bad place and gotten him killed. That was consistent with what I’d been briefed. This was good as it meant HANNA’s basic information on his source was accurate although he hadn’t learned that his source wasn’t the primary but a sub-source. Still, that can happen and a suspicion that it was happening would explain why HANNA had so many face to face meets with Gashi. That would permit better questioning and assessment which may have been what he was doing if Gashi had been evasive or lacked detail which he should have had on information he provided. A large part of source handling is making as sure as one can that they are not playing you. Sources invent information, withhold it and distort it for their own purposes. If a source says that so and so is going to be doing such and such at this particular place and time but cannot provide detail that would logically be known in order to know the information he has passed, it is a good idea to question him a bit in order to determine what is behind the suspicious information gap. Being able to speak with a source directly makes the work of evaluating their candor much more effective.
“Anything else?”
“No, I was just making conversation with a few people connected to the Thaci administration and some others I know who are Gashi’s age and partied where he did. Everyone thinks there was something up with the American, HANNA, and that Gashi was just in the wrong place at the wrong time. And when I looked into that Serbian chick, Billjana Popovic, I found a few things that make it look as if that might be right.”
Now that piqued my interest. We paused as the waiter brought our orders, fish for Naim and a local version of pizza for me. I hadn’t gotten used to seeing soft boiled eggs and a few other interesting additions to toppings on my pizza when I was here before but had decided to try it again on the grounds that Nietzsche was probably right. And everything goes better with a cold Warsteiner.
I topped off my beer and waited until Naim swallowed a mouthful of perch.
“OK, don’t be a tease. What makes you think HANNA was the reason for the hit?”
“He was dating one of Saddiqi’s girls. Actually had moved in with her. And while Saddiqi wasn’t seeing her much anymore still it would make him look less of a man if someone else was with her and he had not publically tossed her out.”
Ah hah. Now this made a certain amount of sense. The particular version of machismo that permeates the Balkans is much given to perceiving insult where women are concerned and if Enver had begun to lose interest in Billi but hadn’t made it a point to make it known he was through with her then having someone else take up with her would indeed make him look less of a man to certain mindsets. Since these were the mindsets he ran with, Naim was perhaps onto something. Personally I found the whole viewpoint juvenile and silly but that didn’t mean others wouldn’t act on it.
“So HANNA was living with one of Saddiqi’s girls? How long had this been going on and why hadn’t Saddiqi done anything before now? Was he seeing so many girls he couldn’t keep track?”
“Well, like most of those guys he’s always got a few girls around. Most of them are whores, plain and simple but he likes to pretend he is something classy so he has a few women he sees who are more than just temporary pussy brought in from Moldova or Ukraine. This Billjana was one, a Serb sure but also sexy as hell. Having her showed that Saddiqi had power, could have whatever type of girl he wanted and no one would touch her for fear of him. I guess that got old or whatever because he’s been with Gashi’s sister for almost a year. She’s older, maybe thirty and very beautiful. Also the kind of high class woman guys like Saddiqi want but can never get. He still has a few others around, it’s part of the image to have many women but for anything important, a celebration or appearance, he took Gashi’s sister. It made him look like a more important man if he could have such a sophisticated girlfriend and one who would still put up with him having other women. It made him look like a real stud as you call it.”
“OK. What’s Gashi’s sister’s name?”
“Aferdita Gashi. She goes by Dita mostly. Other than her connection with Saddiqi she isn’t well known and most people avoid her because of her boyfriend. I didn’t ask about her though. Do you want me to?”
“No, not really, just curious about why a grown ass woman with class and options would hang with a thug like Saddiqi. Maybe she liked the lifestyle or got a thrill out of being around gangsters.”
Naim shrugged a very Albanian shrug, arms rising from the sides, palms down. “With women, who can know? Certainly not us men.”
I couldn’t fault that and nodded agreement. Of course, I did know or at least had a reasonable explanation which fit the known facts and was consistent with context but Naim wasn’t privy to that insight. I went with the typical male confusion in the face of female decision making as it fit and wouldn’t cause him to later remember any significance to my interest in Aferdita.
“So…it looks like maybe Saddiqi had HANNA killed to preserve his own reputation and Gashi just happened to be there and get hit too? Is there any way to check on this and see if the word on the street backs this up?”
“I thought of that,” Naim replied. “It fits except for one strange thing. Billi was often around Saddiqi and his crew. She still hung out now and then at clubs with them and was in and out of his house regularly. Even when living with HANNA. Maybe that was it but she wasn’t hiding the affair with HANNA and was still in tight with Saddiqi. Unless she did something to piss him off or someone began to make fun of him for it, it doesn’t make sense. It’s almost like he approved of her being with HANNA.”
I have no claim to enlightenment and thus have never experienced satori. Likewise the occasional moments when things become clear to me are, in my mind, less than epiphanic. Still, this was a singular moment when several things swirling in the soup of my brain coalesced into a coherent and interesting whole. The nature of the relationship between Enver Saddiqi and both Billi and Aferdita, the nagging thought I’d never quite gotten ahold of, the ambush and Billi’s reaction to HANNA’s death, all came together in a unified theory of everything that I needed to examine in private and at some length. I made quick mental notes and moved the conversation with Naim onto safer ground.
“Hmmm, could be he just didn’t give a shit and then changed his mind. No big deal yet I guess. Can you please give me Saddiqi’s address and any places he hangs out regularly?”
Naim nodded and glanced about before tearing a page from a notebook and passing it casually to me. Trying to be sneaky tends to attract attention, acting natural does not. I took the page, folded it and slipped it into my pocket. The place was filling up but still not full and no one appeared to be interested in us. A fair number of the customers were internationals, cops with the European mission, staff from UNMIK or one of the numerous NGOs. We fit in and were not obvious foreigners, actually we looked more local than not and as such were of little interest to the other patrons and restaurant staff. I always thought the Norse God of Mischief had gotten away with so much simply by being low key. Sad pun or not it was a strategy which worked well and appeared to be doing so now.
Naim and I finished our dinner, going over a few more details. We set up a failsafe to provide a warning to Steve if anything happened to me. While I would be using my Hushmail to keep him apprised of my status, it would be good to have a backup plan to provide some heads up if I was taken out of play. Naim would function as that back up. If he didn’t hear from me once a day, he would wait until midnight and then contact InSol at an email address I gave him. The address appeared to be a personal one and wasn’t linked to InSol but would be monitored by Steve for this purpose. I needed a way to let InSol know if I got taken out of play by the opposition and this was the best method I could devise on the spot.
KISS principle and all that.
I paid the bill and we separated before leaving by the simple expedient of me taking a detour to the men’s room while Naim left. Ten minutes later I exited and headed downhill toward the Grand. The night was colder than the last few had been and people were hurrying to get to their destinations. I did my usual sweep for surveillance and found nothing en route. There were a number of people walking, hanging around seeing and being seen near the Grand, which given its location at the end of the pedestrian boulevard of Mother Teresa, was pretty normal. Any of them could have been watching for me but none stood out. I slipped inside, checked the desk for messages and dropped the comment that the trip to the border was exhausting when asked how my day was. I wanted the comment to get back to whoever was behind the surveillance as it would fit with my being headed where I was when they lost me as well as my having been unobtainable all day and returning in the evening. There were no messages but the concierge apologized for the need to dismantle my alarm. According to him, the cleaning woman had accidently bumped my case and the alarm had fallen to the floor and began to go off. Being unable to figure out how to shut it off, they had opened the back and removed the batteries. He apologized and handed me the disassembled alarm. I couldn’t see any signs of duplicity but then again he wasn’t likely to show any. I’d proceed on the assumption that someone had entered my room to search it and the maid had, through payment, coercion or both, taken the blame.
It looked like I’d need to do some checking before I could begin to work my way through the insight I’d gained.
My room looked undisturbed when I opened the door. I wasn’t really expecting anyone to be inside or even waiting in a nearby room. I’d elected to return since the surveillance had seemed to be amateur hour and if my counter surveillance effort had succeeded, the opposition would not know I had detected them. Coming back from a day long trip was within my cover and not coming back would indicate they were onto something. If they were already wise to me then the surveillance would most likely have had a different feel, more like setting a trigger than just keeping a watch. It was possible that I was wrong and the Serbian mafia was more than capable of mounting a direct action operation in a hotel but I was gambling that this was a probe made in conjunction with the surveillance and meant to provide information with which to evaluate my cover. I needed to see how far they had gone and what they might have learned. This being the case, I pushed open the door and walked in like an unsuspecting journalist returning from a long day.
I shut and locked the door before checking the room and bath for any lurkers. Finding none I checked my case next. It had been moved but the locks were intact and showed no signs of anyone trying to defeat them. Employing basic precautions against tampering and theft meant that I had secured the case with a titanium lock and then put the whole thing on the luggage rest next to the closet with a travel tilt alarm carefully balanced behind it. If the case was moved the alarm would begin sending out a very loud noise. It wouldn’t keep a thief from running from the room, case in hand; the bicycle lock and chain securing it to the luggage rest would do that. A thief could easily carry the weight of the case and the rack but it would be conspicuous as hell and he’d be unlikely to make it to the lobby. While the entire set up was not noticeable unless you moved the case, it would deter casual theft and not raise any suspicions if discovered by a too curious maid. The fact that I had chained the case to the rack would be taken as what it was, simple precautions against theft, something that the hotel might be a tad offended by but equally something it would not find odd as many frequent travelers take small precautions with their possessions in hotel rooms. I figured the default response of any low level hood searching my room would be to leave it as found and report that I took precautions against theft that fit with being an experienced traveler to questionable places.
The rest of the room was as I’d left it. Clothing in the drawers and closet were slightly disturbed from where they had been but as there was nothing to find I wasn’t concerned. I unlocked the case and checked the contents including my real documents hidden in a concealed section of the liner I’d had installed. Any serious search would find them but casual checking would not. This mission had been too short fused to permit me to acquire mission specific false documentation so I was using the set I’d had for the Greek mission. Since we hadn’t been sure if the surveillance would require the crossing of borders, we’d been provided with excellent documents which would stand inspection at such crossings. They also permitted the rental of vehicles, like the BMW I was driving, with international insurance and the other stamps and assurances required if one is to take a foreign registered vehicle across a border outside of the Schengen countries. I’d taken the precaution of putting all my documents in the case since breaking into the car to obtain the registration and insurance papers was a basic move easily anticipated. Not having rental forms etc. in the vehicle was not unusual for anyone experienced in travelling and wishing to avoid identity theft.
Overall, it looked as if the opposition had sent someone who had a maid let them in, did a basic search and when the alarm went off, they bugged out to avoid attention. I’d check the BMW later but would bet it had also been entered. This was fine as everything they’d found would point to a journalist with good personal security but nothing indicative of hyper vigilance or security training.
I was going to need a new base pretty soon, one not known to the opposition. That would have to be top on the list tomorrow, right after determining if I was still under surveillance which would also tell me something about the opposition. For now I needed to sit down and do some serious thinking about the information I’d gained and the picture it created. Then send an updated report to Steve and get some direction on our options.
First I needed some uninterrupted thinking cap time so I shoved the chair which partnered with the room’s small desk in front of the door where it would both warn me and slow up anyone making a fast entry. Then I stretched out on the bed, hands behind my head and M57 near to hand, and began to work my way through the newly connected facts. First up was the connection between Billi and Enver. This was apparently ongoing and open although somewhat different in nature once she moved in with HANNA. It helped explain a number of things which had heretofore been mysteries. I now had an explanation for why and how the opposition, the Serbian mafia, had known who to look for and why this had happened shortly after my talking with Billi. If she was still in Enver’s good graces or trying to return there then she could have found the arrival of a stranger who was interested in HANNA to be something Enver would wish to know about. More likely she was instructed by Enver to watch for just this sort of thing. And when I turned up with my cover of being a Canadian journalist there to report on the border troubles, Billi passed this and my description on to Enver who sent folks out to all the likely hotels. A simple description and a few Euros would suffice to find out where I was staying. If I wasn’t in a hotel then that might mean something significant. But being where I was made sense with the cover story and sending a few guys to watch and see what I did and who I did it with was a logical next step. My counter surveillance actions were designed to be easily explained by the environment and my subsequent return to the Grand Hotel, where I would be easily located, would lend credibility to the idea that losing me was an accident rather than deliberate action. A room search also had turned up nothing inconsistent so I could work with the theory that the opposition had been set on me by Billi but had so far found nothing to confirm that I was anything other than what I’d told her. That wouldn’t mean they would now accept it and give up but it did mean the likelihood of direct action was lessened as it was always risky and would not be used unless they were reasonably sure it was justified. My tradecraft thus far ought to have kept them uncertain enough to preclude direct action as an immediate option.
If my assumption of Billi being tasked by Enver was correct then it also had a number of other implications. First of all it explained the fact that HANNA had been driving her vehicle the night of the hit and that according to her it had been at her insistence. Knowing what vehicle he would be in would make following him easier and a simple action like drilling a small hole in a tail light would make her vehicle identifiable at night even with the large number of similar vehicles on the road. It also meant that the hit team had only to locate the correct vehicle in an area which permitted action and they could do their thing without worrying about anything else. Basically, I was beginning to suspect that Billi had set HANNA up to be killed and that she had done so at Enver’s direction. I wasn’t too sure if she had known what was happening or if she was simply following orders and then learned later what had occurred. This last seemed most likely as she didn’t strike me as a good enough actress to fake her hopes for a future with HANNA or her sorrow at losing that and her shock at his death. I was tending toward a theory of her being planted on HANNA by Enver with directions to keep Enver informed about HANNA’s actions, lifestyle and contacts. This made sense if a member of Enver’s circle was developing an unlikely close friendship with someone who worked for the US Embassy. Enver would want to know if the new buddy was just a guy or if he was what he had in fact been, an operator for a hostile organization. I also suspected that she had been led to believe that she’d be able to escape to America with HANNA if she just kept Enver happy now. Finding out that she’d been used would have been upsetting, devastating even but she would be under no illusions as to what kind of man she’d been associating with and her most realistic option would be to continue to maintain ties with him simply to survive.
That also gave me an opening. If she had truly been planning on escape with HANNA, it might mean she was open to recruitment based upon both revenge for his callous use of her as well as the promise of freedom and a fresh start in the US. I wasn’t sure this was the case; she could be an extremely skillful actress who’d played her part of grieving and disappointed girlfriend well but it was perhaps worth exploring. If for no other reason than that an approach which was reported to Enver would provide security for our real source, Aferdita, as it would indicate we had lost our only source and were looking for entry. This was assuming that the killing had been a counterintelligence move, not an act of macho face saving. I’d need to formulate a thoughtful approach and obtain permission from Steve before trying it on but the benefits were considerable in any case. I’d just have to survive the blow back if she was truly working for Enver and reported the pitch. Recruiting Billi would also require DIA to keep compartmentalization between Billi and Aferdita which, in the confined terrain, both human and urban, might mean two handlers, something they would have to evaluate against the likely return. That wasn’t my call either which meant Steve would pass on my information and we’d wait for direction from the client.
In addition to the clarity with Billi, Naim’s information had helped confirm most of Aferdita’s story. It fit the known facts and matched her explanation which was perhaps to be expected if she was a dangle but seemed a bit too much effort for the situation. It was much more likely that Enver had killed HANNA either for professional or personal reasons and that Gashi had perhaps been collateral damage. His being with HANNA in Germia at that time would be hard to explain as something other than a meet which would have caused Enver’s professional paranoia to kick in but that then accounted for Billi being tasked to watch for anyone connected to HANNA. And the immediate reaction to her information about the Canadian journalist asking about HANNA, assuming for the sake of argument that she had informed Enver, supported this theory more than one which required Enver to behave in a more Byzantine fashion for which he had neither the background nor training. Occam’s Razor suggested that the simplest explanation was the correct one.
I needed to put my thoughts together in a coherent fashion, design and explain several courses of action and provide my recommendations as to which were preferable and why. This would take a while but I had the time. I spent the next three hours writing up my report and including my evaluation of Aferdita as a source. I also included the fact that I had my local support network on standby to email at midnight of any day where they had not heard from me. Finally, I encoded the report and tucked the M57 under a sweater for the trip to the business center. It was closed at this time of night but a quick discussion with the concierge about my urgent need to file copy with my office now, aided by a modest donation to his entertainment fund, got me in with no real problem. I used my thumb drive to clean the computer and give me a firewall behind which I could access Hushmail. I uploaded my report to InSol and requested direction on how to proceed. I made a point of recommending that Aferdita be used merely to obtain current information and then extracted with a recruitment attempt with Billi providing both distraction and possible continued access. Once the report was transmitted, I wiped the computer again and headed back to my room. The extra computer security would be a potential indicator of my true role if anyone checked. It wasn’t something I could avoid, however, and going out while under scrutiny by the opposition would simply mean the check happened somewhere else. It also ran the risk of making someone curious as to why I didn’t simply use the business center to contact my office. Using internet cafes now and then while wandering around town was normal, doing so late at night when an adequate solution was at hand would not be. I simply had to chance it and hope for the best.
There would be little for me to do now until I had a reply. That would most likely take a couple days. I would spend the time doing things consistent with my cover and trying to bore the bad guys stupid. I put the chair back in front of the door though and kept the M57 out and on the nightstand. There were a number of possibilities at play and I wasn’t going to simply accept my own interpretation and act accordingly. I would continue to operate as if there were threats and opportunities of which I was unaware. This had the advantage of being true even if my theories were correct.
Despite the long day and late hour, I had trouble dropping off to sleep. I finally drifted into a troubled sleep in the early hours of the morning. My dreams were dark and full of foreboding and I woke feeling less than refreshed.


Chapter Ten
The next three days went quickly. Not due to anything exciting happening but simply due to the pace. I needed to allay any suspicions the opposition had and the best way, while I was waiting on direction, was to live my cover. That’s something one has to do anyway but it is frequently hard to do fully when operational with limited support. Now, having time in which I had no operational requirements except personal security, I could throw myself into the role of a journalist gathering facts, statements and opinions on the situation at the Serbia/Kosova border. I scheduled interviews, attended briefings, sat in cafes with other members of the press and generally made myself an informed member of the fourth estate. My surveillance team continued to show up for most of that time but it got progressively less interested in me and more in the passing women. By the morning of the third day I left the hotel for breakfast with some new journalist friends and found myself either without surveillance or else with a full suite of extremely talented followers. My money was on the former.
I had, of necessity, been moving with the M57 locked in my case since so many of the places I visited in my cover role were high security establishments. I couldn’t bring the weapon through metal detectors etc. I had to gamble that my tradecraft thus far was keeping the opposition in the dark and that as a result the possibility for direct action was reduced. It still made the skin at the back of my neck tighten but hey, you learn to accept the risks involved or find another way to pay the bills. I was glad I was unarmed this morning when I found the café where we were to meet already occupied by a high level Serbian delegation and their UNMIK security detail poised outside using metal detection wands to sweep patrons prior to permitting entry. It would have looked strange if I suddenly decided to forego breakfast with the folks I was to meet sitting at a window and waving a greeting. Not being armed meant I could smile the tolerant and smug smile of the privileged and protected, stand while the wand did its job and then enter to gossip and eat under the protective coloration of the rest of the press crowd. My new friends had little to offer other than an additional layer of cover. They were the typical international press one finds in places like Kosovo, superficially knowledgeable, well educated in theories, articulate and extremely opinionated about things outside their personal experience. Seeing someone suffering from starvation while dining on expense account meals does not make one an expert on starvation and its effects upon those who experience it, for example. Being self-absorbed and willing to pontificate along whatever lines sell best is, however, a prime requisite for the press so I expected nothing else and was easily able to go with the flow by aping the general tenor of their shallow world view. Don’t get me wrong. There are some excellent journalists out there who genuinely care and seek to tell things from a real world perspective. They are also usually folks who come to journalism later in life and in any case are far outnumbered by the ones whose flit from story to story, telling a lot but failing to show much of anything.
My reservations about the quality of the international press aside, they did provide good cover and, as an independent consultant, I was able to use them for that purpose where direct agents of the USG could not. There are good reasons why this is so, some equally good ones why it should be ignored and being able to do so in the interests of operational expediency was one of the benefits to employing deniable assets like InSol. I finished my breakfast as well as a discussion on the similarities between Serbia wishing to retain Kosovo and the US wishing to retain the American Southwest (most of the press were gleefully in favor of the return of these areas to Mexico as they were of anything which might trouble a country they regarded with either jealous envy or self-resentful shame depending upon their citizenship). The need for stretching muscles too long dormant gave me an excuse to stroll in the clear, cold air and I went for a long, complicated walk around the city. I found myself completely alone, no signs of surveillance even when I escalated my counter surveillance drills to a more aggressive level. This was good as it meant, provisionally and with a fair amount of caution, that I was free to move about the country albeit with an eye toward someone popping up unexpectedly. It is a small country after all.
I gave Naim a call to see if he was free to meet. I’d need his assistance to locate a safe house. A few minutes later we were standing together in the large open air market set up near the stadium. This was a maze of small stalls and haphazard shops selling everything from clothing, household goods, and CDs to car parts, cheap jewelry and, if you knew who to speak with, contraband of all types. It was crowded, twisty and narrow with plenty of visual cover which made it suitable for us to strike up a conversation while looking over a selection of bootleg CDs.
“You’ve come a long way baby,” I said, holding up a CD featuring Brittany Spears in a schoolgirl outfit on the cover.
Naim didn’t get the reference but gave a short laugh anyway. “She doesn’t do it for me anymore man. Gotten too old.”
I raised my eyebrows in response and Naim laughed again. The difference in our ages was a running joke as I was older than his father who, admittedly had been in his late teens when Naim entered the picture. I shook my head as if saddened by the callowness of youth and began to flick through another row of CDs.
“I’m going to need to move to another place. Somewhere off the beaten path but where I can come and go freely. I’ll need to have my vehicle under cover as well.”
Naim nodded and replied as he raised a Poison CD for a closer examination of the back of the case.
“Easy day. My cousin has a place in Kosovo Polje. An Albanian house, not Serbian. Just this side of the town. It’s empty now since he and his family are on holiday. You can move in whenever you like.”
“Perfect. I’ll need you to collect my case and car for me. Can you get someone to do that and meet us there with them?”
“Sure, ska problem. Give me a couple hours. Want to have lunch and then go there?”
“Can’t see why not,” I replied.
Naim bought a couple of CDs and we walked out of the bazaar as he phoned a friend. I passed him my hotel room key card and we parted to meet again at a pizzeria he favored nearby. I ran a short SDR on the way and found no one. Naim rejoined me shortly and I passed over the Euros to cover his friend’s effort and cousin’s house. I’d either check out myself later or do so through the internet as the credit card the hotel had recorded was one tied to a deposit in a Greek bank. So long as there was enough in the account the card was good. In the meantime I was changing my base of operations in a way hopefully undetectable to the opposition. That would give me more operational freedom when I received a response from InSol. Naim and I ate a quiet lunch, chatting about mutual friends and recent events. When we were finished we took his Mercedes to KP.
His cousin’s house was indeed Albanian which meant it was on the Pristina side of KP and had a wall around it. Many Serbian houses did not have this feature, almost all Albanian ones did. The wall would hide my vehicle and me from prying eyes. The house was one street off the main road, Lidhja e Pejes, better known as Airport Road as it was the main route to and from the Pristina Airport and the city itself. The house was set back with a blue metal gate in the high brick wall. I rolled the gate open, Naim drove inside and I closed the gate behind him. My rental BMW was already parked ahead of his in the short driveway where his friend had left it. We entered, Naim handing me a key and showing me around the small, two story, two bedroom house. I moved my case from the car into the smaller bedroom, chained it to a chair out of habit and joined Naim on the balcony where he was lighting another cigarette.
“Thanks, this works very well. I haven’t seen any signs of surveillance today and will let you know if they turn up again.”
“OK, I am glad you like it. Just leave the key inside if you do not see me before you leave. My cousin won’t be back for two weeks and the neighbors here will leave you alone. I’ll go let them know now that you are staying here so they don’t get suspicious.”
I thanked Naim and remained on the balcony surveying the surrounding area as he went to clue the neighbors in that his family had a guest staying in the house. The neighbors would watch me out of the corner of their eyes but otherwise leave me to my business. They’d also notice anyone who didn’t belong and let Naim know which added a small layer of security to the safe house. I worked out two emergency bug out routes in case of an assault and then went for a walk toward Airport Road in order to use one of the small internet cafes located at the town limits. Once there I broke out my trusty thumb drive and checked my email. There was one from Steve which made me very happy as playing journalist was getting old.
Yes, I have a low boredom threshold. You think people who are easily contented do this type of work? There is a balance to be had but most of us are like sharks, always feeling better if in motion.
Steve’s response was encoded and I downloaded it to my thumb drive to decode on my laptop. I wiped the computer, paid and walked back, dropping off the main road as soon as possible in order to avoid incidental sightings by anyone driving by. Re-entering the house I locked the gate and doors, climbed the stairs to the second floor bedroom and opened the case. It took only a few minutes to power up and decrypt Steve’s response. My pulse increased as I finally got the direction for which I had been waiting.
DIA had taken part of my recommendation to heart. They wanted to task Aferdita with emplacing several tracking devices on vehicles used by Enver and his crew. They also wanted her to gather a complete list of personnel, phone numbers, addresses, vehicle registrations and other data involving the people in his group and those closely associated with them. After that was completed, DIA wanted her extracted to the Embassy in Skopje where she could be debriefed before travelling to the US. She’d be issued a Green Card provided she continued to cooperate with various members of the intelligence community, many of whom would want to speak with her to obtain additional details they might lack regarding the cooperation between various jihadist groups and the Serbian mafia. This was excellent as it meant she would be able to escape an intolerable situation and begin to piece together a new life in a safe place. I would have to sell it a bit as it lacked the visceral satisfaction she desired but I was fairly sure she would take the opportunity to live again instead of sacrificing herself for no real gain. I certainly hoped so as I really wanted to see her out of the slavery in all but name which she had endured for love of her brother. That kind of self-sacrifice was something I could respect and I wouldn’t feel right if I didn’t do everything I could to honor it.
The part DIA hadn’t found acceptable was beginning development of Billi. They saw the possibility there but wanted to first complete the tasking and extraction of KVSWALLOW. Once that was complete they would deploy a new case officer who would then conduct his or her own evaluation and determine how to proceed. This made sense to me as it gave a better chance for eventual success than my hasty pitch. It also meant Billi would be developed and assessed by the person who would run her which was a big plus. I couldn’t fault the decision and it wouldn’t have mattered if I did. The client always got to set the mission objectives; we retained the right to determine how to achieve them. I wouldn’t bitch about their choice of solutions since they wouldn’t bitch about how I got them there. I’d need to travel to Macedonia to pick up the technical equipment and then arrange a meet with Aferdita. I’d give her the new information along with the tasking and set a time for extraction once the tasking was accomplished. It was looking like this mission could be completed fairly easily.
Shows what I know.
I packed up my case, leaving the M57 and spare magazine hidden in the bedroom, loaded my BMW and unlocked the gate. I called Aferdita and made arrangements to meet her at the safe house tomorrow night. She knew the general location and would find the street, I’d be waiting and open the gate for her. Using the safe house had some pros and some cons but since there was no indication that either she or I were under surveillance it made a good location out of the public eye and away from her normal haunts. I was now less concerned about keeping Naim separate from Aferdita since her time in place was limited. I would use him on the day to check her back trail on the long straight shot from Pristina to KP. Her red Cabriolet was distinctive enough that Naim could easily identify it and watch for additional followers after she passed. If he called it clear the meet would occur, if not, I’d advise Aferdita to cruise around and then go home. We’d attempt to identify the surveillance and if questioned she would claim to just be driving to clear her head. I completed the arrangements with both Naim and Aferdita, let them know I’d confirm tomorrow afternoon and headed out, locking the gate behind me.
Two and a half hours later I was in Skopje, staying in the Sheraton and set to meet a DIA guy from the Embassy at the nearby McDonalds that evening. I’d decided to stay overnight even if that created a slight blip if detected through a check at the Grand. I hoped the opposition wouldn’t check for a while if at all but when they did, if they were thorough, they’d figure out I was gone since my case and car would be missing. I was betting that the lack of surveillance meant that the most they would do is check with the bellhop to see if I was still registered and when that was confirmed they’d look for me around town or have the bellhops let them know when I showed up, assuming they cared enough at this point to check. I wasn’t going to use the room at the Grand anymore in any case so staying in Skopje made better sense than driving back through Kosovo in the dark. The roads and drivers combined to make that a risky endeavor and the chance of a crash was high enough to make avoiding it reasonable.
The meet at McDonalds went smoothly. I have never been in a cleaner McDonalds in my life and both of their restaurants in Skopje were spotless. My DIA contact didn’t want to chat or even acknowledge me. He simply sat down near me, ate his meal and then walked outside. I followed a few minutes later and in the dark of the side street outside I took a small backpack from the trunk of his Embassy issue sedan (yeah, great transport to a meet, huh) and then headed off into the night to see if his sloppy tradecraft had compromised me. An hour later I was sure I was clean. I returned to the Sheraton, spent a quiet night and returned to Pristina in the morning.
The day passed easily enough. I went over my arguments to obtain Aferdita’s acquiescence to DIA’s plan. I also rehearsed the training she’d need on the trackers and prepared the list of intelligence requirements we needed her to collect. I confirmed her route and timing for the meet and then did the same with Naim, adding the details of her vehicle so he’d be able to watch for anyone watching her. Once that was complete the rest of the day passed quickly as I read, ran through a bodyweight exercise routine and cleaned and rechecked the M57, gloves on and evidence avoided. At 2000 hours I received a call from Aferdita letting me know she was on her way. I alerted Naim who was already in position. A few minutes later he advised that the Cabriolet had passed his position and he was checking for surveillance. He gave the all clear as Aferdita reached the turn from Airport Road into the neighborhood where I waited. I pulled the gate partway open and waved her in as soon as she made the turn onto the street. Naim circled and noted no one following or parked up in the area. I thanked him and he headed off. Putting my phone away, I locked the gate and then turned to greet Aferdita who had stepped out of her car and was waiting for me.
“Hi Dita. How are you? Thanks for coming.”
“You are welcome. I am glad to be here,” She replied. She looked around and then glanced back at me with a combination of hesitation and what in a less self-confident person would be shyness. “Is this a safe place? Do you know the people who live here?”
“It is as safe as I can arrange. The people who live here are gone and no one will know we are here. Please, come inside. I have a lot to tell you.”
I stepped closer, extending one arm toward the house in invitation. Aferdita hesitated a second and then gave me a quick hug and turned without looking at me and headed toward the house. Um…ok. Handling a source of the opposite sex can be tricky sometimes, especially if they see you as a lifeline. There is a tendency to fixate on you as an object rather than a person which is easy since the person they are dealing with is largely a carefully projected image designed to create the greatest amount of comfort for them as well as control for you. I could handle her attempting to draw me closer through her physical attractiveness, this wasn’t my first rodeo and I knew better than to fall for the idea that little old me was so irresistible. And since we were going to pull her out soon it wouldn’t hurt to have her feeling secure. It is also true that, everything else being equal, a hug and attention from a beautiful woman isn’t exactly a hardship. I gave a mental shrug and followed her to the door where she paused just long enough for me to open it and usher her inside.
Once inside we settled into the small living room and began to go over the many things on my list. First up was the decision to bring her out followed by the need for her to collect the intelligence we lacked on the personalities involved in the cooperation between the jihadis and the mafia. Finally, we needed her to emplace the trackers. Aferdita, as I had anticipated, wanted a more physical solution but after talking our way through it agreed that Luli would have preferred to see her happy and safe in the US and that we would be able to use the information she provided to make Enver’s life much worse. That would have to do and she was smart enough to realize it. We went over the installation of the trackers and I passed over the backpack in which they were stored after we practiced on both her car and my own. We took a short break for tea and then resumed with the list of intelligence requirements. Aferdita had an excellent mind, quick and incisive and her memory was equally sharp. She was able to repeat the list back within a short time and added several items she felt she would be able to obtain. These included information to which she had primary access such as phone numbers and email addresses used for communications between two different jihadist groups and Enver’s people. All of that would be useful and, as it would not create additional risk to collect, I approved her additions.
The business being completed we drifted into a conversation about life in the US and the opportunities she would have there. I say drifted but it was a calculated move on my part as I wanted her to feel positive about her future rather than that she was settling for something less than the revenge she sought. I kept the tone light and avoided personal information, something made a bit more difficult as she showed a subtle but definite interest. I let it ride, not discouraging or encouraging her, as that kept the handling options open. Fortunately she was intelligent and able to interpret my reserve as a professional issue rather than a personal one. It’s usually a good idea to have an entire backstory you can use over time with a source as the exchange of personal details builds bonds in human interactions. The trick is to not reveal anything which can ever be used against the handler should the source be turned, captured or otherwise reveal the details provided. I make minor changes as needed for each situation but keep to the same basic scenario which makes keeping things straight much easier. It’s very important to not get tripped up and keeping close to the truth while changing key details is often the solution.
Our conversation wound down to a natural end and I reviewed the tasking with her one more time. Aferdita had it down cold and I made sure she knew I was both pleased and impressed. She was happy at the praise, implied though it was. Subtle is better with smart people, dumb ones require more grease. We walked to the driveway where I checked the street outside through a small sliding window set in the gate. It was dark, illuminated by the single street light mounted at the corner thirty or so feet away across and down the street. I turned to Aferdita and accepted her hug and quick goodbye. She slid into the Cabriolet and started the engine as I opened the gate. A moment later she had backed out and was pulling away.
As she did, a dark older model Toyota Four Runner came down the street from the opposite direction. Its headlights played across her as she turned and then fell on me as I drew back and began to shut the gate. I watched through the closing gap as the Toyota drove by, just routine checking of the passenger and driver for any signs of interest. My adrenaline surged as I looked straight into the eyes of Rat Face in the passenger seat of the vehicle. His eyes went wide in recognition and he twisted to keep me in view as the Four Runner continued down the street. The driver was another young guy I didn’t recognize. I waited, watching them continue at a normal pace down the street. They turned deeper into the neighborhood after a minute and I shut the gate and leaned against the wall, my heart racing.
Fuck and Double Fuck. The defecation had just struck the oscillation big style.
I was pretty sure they hadn’t noticed Aferdita although her vehicle was in view and easily recognizable. It looked like the kind of incidental compromise I’d been watching for and trying to avoid. Rat Face and his buddy appeared to be just making their way to somewhere unrelated to me when surprise… there I was. If he thought about it and remembered seeing Aferdita’s Cabriolet just before seeing me, she was dead. Not quickly or pleasantly but certainly. The problem was that I didn’t know if he had made the connection or had even seen her. His reaction had been genuine; he hadn’t been expecting to see me. However he was sure to report seeing me here and that would make me a whole lot more interesting as there were few reasons why I’d be here shutting a gate late at night. It could be that I was shacking up with a local chick, staying with friends or some other innocent explanation but it was certain to raise my profile again with the mafia. I’d need to do several things very quickly, the first being warn Aferdita.
I dialed her number and reached her after two tries.
“Aferdita. Listen carefully. As you left two guys who I believe work for Enver drove by. I don’t think they saw you but can’t be sure. They did see me and recognized me. I am pretty sure they were not looking for us. They acted like they were just driving by and were surprised. Can you be ready to go this evening?”
I was unable to determine if Rat Face had recognized Aferdita or her vehicle and if that would constitute compromise. I also didn’t know if he’d communicated that info to his bosses but had to assume the worst. Doing otherwise would mean taking an unacceptable risk with my source. There is always a natural tension between the risk inherent in human sources and the need to protect them as much as possible. Aside from the moral issues of failing to protect someone who is putting themselves at risk at the handler’s direction, there is the practical aspect where recruiting sources will be much more difficult if it is known that a nationality/agency etc. doesn’t care what happens to a source. False flags can only take one so far. A good reputation is essential. While there are some times when a handler or agency will indeed burn a source, they are rare and generally due to duplicity on the source’s part. In a case like this, the best option was to pull her out of the danger area, keep her safe and see what we could learn before deciding to send her in or abort. I didn’t see the point in taking the chance with her life that attempting to complete the collection and emplacement plan would require. It was simply too high risk given the unknowns. Aferdita didn’t see it that way.
“I can but you said they didn’t see me. I can do what I have to and then contact you. It will take a day or maybe two but I will do it. I cannot go without taking some revenge for Luli. Please, you must understand. I have to do this if I am to live with myself.”
I argued to no avail. Her mind was set and she would not relent. She saw the risk and accepted it but would not be dissuaded from her decision. It was something she had fixated on, the opportunity to in a small way pay Enver and his men back for the wrongs they had done her. I could understand it and the need she intuitively sensed to have some form of closure in order to settle into a new life without the nagging sense of unfulfilled obligation darkening her soul. Still, the risk was appalling. I lacked the means to provide an overwatch as the bad guys would most certainly be looking for me now and any sighting of me nearby would ring alarm bells. If she wasn’t compromised already my being seen in any location near her would rectify that.
I finally settled for insisting that she agree to use the emergency comms plan we had set up during our second meeting. This involved me sending a text asking if she was free to meet for coffee. If she was all right, she would respond that I had the wrong number. Any other response was indicative of duress. I had stressed the need to regularly delete the message cache on her phone which prevented casual examination from seeing several such messages to a number from which she had also accepted calls. Using texts avoided the issue of someone hearing my voice and gave her some additional flexibility. It wasn’t perfect but it worked surprisingly well in most cases. She agreed to emergency comms, repeated the directions to demonstrate that she understood them and then said goodbye.
I looked at the phone for several minutes, hoping that I had not just had my last conversation with her. I’d lost people before and probably would again but I really didn’t want to see this woman suffer for no reason other than that some men are animals.
Rabid animals. The kind that need killing.
I made a promise to myself that if something bad happened to Aferdita then Enver and crew would have a non-survivable event in their near future. I wasn’t sure how I’d do it and I hoped I wouldn’t have to but I was damned if I’d walk away from innocents being fucked over and do nothing because policy demanded it. I’d done so before, it is the nature of the job sometimes but in this case I was willing to go off the reservation.
Thinking these happy thoughts I headed upstairs to repack, relocate and prepare for the shit storm I could see on the horizon.


Chapter Eleven
The mission was falling apart around my ears. I had to assume I was back on the opposition’s radar, my new safe house was burnt to the waterline and worst of all, my source was potentially compromised and headed into a danger area without support. In short, things were very bad and looked likely to get worse. At times like these one can either panic and waste time in recrimination, blame apportionment and spinning one’s wheels or one can move on to do whatever is possible in order to complete the mission.
Improvise, adapt and overcome. Embrace the suck. Ranger up. All the old but true sayings that echo in your head and push you to perform despite uncertainty, fear and the looming possibility of failure. Thanks God for the dedicated men who beat that response to misfortune into me at an early age. Pulling on my gloves, which would stay on until I knew I was clear, I flew through the routine of sanitizing the house, taking any evidence of my being there with me into my BMW and tossing the case into the truck. My mind was racing through possibilities and permutations. The first priority was to get myself away from here and establish another base of operations. I needed the freedom of movement being out from under surveillance would give me. That meant a return to the Grand was out as was allowing my BMW to be seen and associated with me by the opposition. I needed to break contact and regroup, devise a new plan for extracting Aferdita under conditions ranging from benign to extremis and prepare a new safe house.
First things first. I needed to get clear of the last location at which the opposition could place me. I chinned up on the exterior wall away from the gate and scanned up and down the street. This let me see from a vantage point anyone outside wouldn’t necessarily be expecting. The gate and its small inset window were too obvious. The street outside showed clear, no one standing or loitering nearby. I could make out several vehicles parked along it but none showed signs of occupancy although the dark and distance made that uncertain. I thought that one of the vehicles parked farthest away, maybe fifty meters up the street in the direction the Four Runner had been travelling, was a dark SUV but couldn’t be certain. I held my position for a few minutes before dropping down and starting the BMW. Leaving the driver’s door open, I opened the gate before slipping into the BMW and pulling onto the street, facing toward the intersection and away from the Four Runner’s direction of travel. I hopped out, closed the gate and was back in the BMW in no time. Driving off I scanned the area one more time and saw nothing unusual. That changed as I turned at the intersection to head toward Airport Road.
In my rearview I saw the sudden sweep and gleam of headlights on the walls and street behind me. The light was coming from where I had seen the dark SUV type vehicle and it was enough for me to know what had happened. Rat Face and his buddy had parked up, watching the gate and waited until I turned out of sight before putting on their lights and beginning to follow. They weren’t skilled enough to realize that the light spill from their headlights would show behind me even though I was around the corner. It was an amateur move which confirmed my assessment of their surveillance skills but also meant I was not yet clear.
Time to break contact and continue the mission.
Even at this time of night there was a fair amount of traffic on Airport Road. Further down to my right it split, one part continuing straight to enter Kosova Polje proper, the other part curving away toward the airport. That road itself carried on into the countryside with a turn off to the airport draining away most of the daytime traffic. Turning toward Pristina, now to my left, meant a long straight drive with few chances to evade anyone and a lot of government and international buildings with high security and heavy police presence which would also reduce my chances to do any serious anti-surveillance maneuvers. I wasn’t worried at this point about disguising my intent; the need to hide my affiliation was superseded by the need to be free to act. I slammed the gas pedal to the floor and the BMW shot out across the traffic lanes. Twisting the wheel to the right I headed toward KP and then skipped across the oncoming lanes to enter the break off toward the airport. Behind me I saw the Four Runner, now clearly visible in the well-lit intersection also cut across traffic and fall in behind me as a traffic cop blew his whistle and waved for us to stop.
Yeah, right. Good luck with that.
I began to drive like I was back in Kabul, splitting the difference between lanes as I passed into oncoming traffic, wove in and out of the lanes and broke most of the traffic laws within a half mile. I wanted to see if Rat Face and Co. would push it to keep me in sight or break off. Sadly, they were committed and we screamed through the countryside, dodging the occasional late night driver and reaching the left hand turn toward the airport in record time. I wasn’t too worried about the police. They still had a largely reactive orientation which meant that if anyone bothered to call and complain, a couple of bored guys would finish their coffee, grumble their way into a Skoda and drive around a bit before reporting they saw nothing. There was always the possibility of running into a more motivated officer but out here it was less likely. I knew that the road became largely a country affair once past the airport junction. I hoped to lose the Four Runner by simply speeding away, finding a quick hiding place and letting them go by. I’d then retrace my path at some speed until I reached the airport junction where I’d drive further away from Pristina and take the network of country roads to bring me out on the Pristina-Skopje highway south of the city. This meant that I had to outrun them first, something that despite my advantage of a better vehicle was proving difficult on unlit, windy roads with the occasional slow moving vehicle, often lacking tail lights, to add to the challenge.
It proved to be a challenge in another way when the Four Runner caught up as I was forced to slow for an old Lada in front of me and oncoming traffic approaching me in a small village just past the airport junction. The road wasn’t wide enough to permit me to split the lane down the center and I had to wait for several seconds before shooting out into the oncoming lane and barreling through to a clear patch. The Four Runner was right behind me and glancing in the side mirror (the rearview was useless with the high beams coming from behind), I could see the passenger, presumably Rat Face, holding his right arm out of the window with something that resembled a weapon pointed toward me. The Four Runner was in the oncoming lane, closing on my left rear and in a second or two would have an excellent angle of attack for the passenger. They were certainly close enough to shoot the hell out of my vehicle, something I wanted to avoid. I didn’t know if they meant to close and force me to stop by threatening to shoot or if they intended to shoot once they had a clear shot. It really didn’t matter as I had to assume the worst.
Since they were behind and to my left I glanced ahead as we crested a small hill, saw that I had a short but straight patch ahead and slammed on the brakes. The Four Runner shot past, its brake lights flaring and the whole vehicle fishtailing as the driver reacted. I continued to brake, letting off the pressure slightly to keep close to them but still significantly slowing. Seeing this and now being ahead of me the driver took the bait and came to a sudden stop in an attempt to box me in. I was hoping for this and rocked to a halt about five feet behind them. I killed the engine and was out of the door before either of the two occupants of the Four Runner had opened their doors. I slipped backwards a step; letting my left hand swing my door closed as my right reached across and drew the M57, thumb on the hammer cocking it as it came on line.
In front of me, through the Four Runner’s rear window, I could see the passenger, Rat Face, dropping out of his door and turning toward me. The driver was moving more slowly, his door still closed, and I went for Rat Face as he was the main threat at the moment. I still didn’t know if they intended to kill me, kidnap me or just ask pointed questions but the presence of weapons made the distinctions moot. Sliding forward and then to my right, I cut across the rear of the Four Runner, M57 up in a two hand grip as I looked down the slide. My sidestep in front of the BMW took me to a point where I could lean to my right, letting only my head, shoulders and most importantly my weapon come around the corner of the Four Runner. Rat Face was just starting to advance down the side, his hands together in front of him in a sort of low ready posture. He held what looked like a Skorpion, a very portable machine pistol in 7.65 caliber. It didn’t have great range or accuracy, especially with the wire stock folded over the top where he had it but it was damn useful up close and personal.
Close Quarters Battle (CQB) is a game of micro-seconds and fractions of an inch. The reason a well trained professional looks down the length of their weapon is so they can instantly engage a threat. This isn’t possible if one is in the low ready or otherwise has to bring a weapon into line with a newly detected threat. Rat Face never got to learn that lesson as I stamped Fail on his effort with a double tap to the brain housing group. He was still bringing the Skorpion up when I fired, less than a second away from using it but a lifetime too slow. He dropped straight down, head jerking back in a red mist as he collapsed.
I stepped forward, keeping the bulk of the Four Runner between myself and the driver who I had lost track of while focusing on Rat Face. This is a serious danger in CQB. Tunnel vision could kill me as quickly as having his weapon out of line did for Rat Face. I dropped into a lower crouch, swinging the M57 in an arc that crossed from the empty driver’s seat down the length of the vehicle to stop when I found the driver. He was moving along the other side near the rear wheel, a pistol held in the full Sabrina and his face turned toward me as he looked through the rear windows.
Damn, these guys really had no clue.
I ran through the front sight, fuzzy, clear, fuzzy, squeeze, squeeze routine in one smooth blur of time. The rear windows on both sides shattered and the driver fell away with a cry of pain.
Yeah, dude. Windows don’t stop bullets.
If you’re in a fight up close and personal then being fast and aggressive is the way to go. To paraphrase the Good Book, you’re quick or you’re dead. If the driver had moved quickly he’d have had a chance to come around the end of the Four Runner and engage me while I was still looking for him. Fortunately for me he was more worried about not being shot than he was about shooting which is a deadly mindset in a close quarters gunfight.
Deadly to the guy thinking it anyway.
I moved fast but carefully around the passenger side of the Four Runner, taking a quick peek inside to ensure there was no one else I’d missed in the recent excitement. The interior was empty, illuminated by the entry light. I slid around the front and looked down the driver’s side to where the crumpled form of the driver lay. His door was closed and he was laying half on his back making a gurgling sound. I had been concerned that I hadn’t hit him well enough to incapacitate him and that he’d be looking under the vehicle aiming to shoot me in the legs or feet as I came around the back. Hence my coming around the front. I knew I’d hit him and lying on the ground wounded makes for slow positional adjustment. Coming this way meant I had a bit more time on my side, just like Jagger.
I kept the M57 on the driver and slid closer in the bent legged gliding crouch I’d learnt for such occasions. He was alive but not a present threat as there was a large hole in his neck through which blood and air bubbled. It looked like he’d picked up some lacerations from flying glass too but I doubted if he’d noticed. His eyes were wide, staring upwards at the stars, showing no reaction as I closed. There was an M57 looking pretty much like mine lying on the ground near him.
Killing is something that bothers some folks. I can understand that it does on an intellectual level but viscerally it makes no sense to me. There’s no difference in my mind between the guy trying to kill me and the cow which provided my steak last night. Both Hindu and Christian would disagree with me but each would be wrong albeit for the same reasons. In any case, if you can do it you should damn well be able to look at the results of your work. I looked at the guy, young, early twenties, someone’s kid, someone’s friend.
Too fucking bad.
I am firmly committed to having the other guy’s relatives do the whole sad song slow walk thing. He got himself here and I felt what I usually feel, glad I survived and impatient to move along. Combat is a full contact event and most certainly not a sport with gentlemanly rules of conduct and all action stopping when the whistle blows. The objective is to kill your enemy by whatever means is most expedient. It isn’t to defeat him or stop his aggression or prevent further action on his part. It is to kill him, plain and simple.
There are occasions where one wishes to take a prisoner, others where killing a downed foe is counterproductive. But finishing a downed foe for which there is no use is, to my mind, acceptable if his continued existence presents a threat. Thus a patrol which is in hostile territory and finds itself engaged and unable to take prisoners back to friendly lines may well kill those enemies they have wounded or captured. Leaving them behind would mean the patrol was then at greater risk and in a very tangible non theoretic sort of way. Just as shooting an enemy from ambush isn’t murder for a soldier, so shooting an enemy whose continued existence still presents a threat, provided it is a credible, tangible one, is also not murder. Of course, it’s a thin line and one easily crossed in the heat of battle. My point is that if you are justified in killing someone in a fight, finishing him if his remaining alive presents a credible threat is also justified and for the same reasons. This wasn’t a war and I wasn’t a soldier but the principles applied. I brought the M57 into line and put two rounds into his face.
This shit ain’t pretty but it is as real as it gets.
I glanced back up the road and saw that the Lada had stopped on the crest of the small hill we’d gone over just after passing it. As I looked, it backed rapidly away and disappeared from sight. Whoever was in it was going to call or otherwise summon the police and this event would get more response than would a couple of reckless drivers. I had only a minute or two in which to complete my activity. I lowered the hammer on my M57, dropped out the magazine and slipped it in my right hand pocket. Grabbing up the driver’s M57 I gave it a quick check. It was clean, oiled and had a full mag. It also had no round in the chamber and the weapon was not cocked.
Poor fucker. Someone failed to train him properly.
A lot of folks carry pistols without a round chambered. They claim that they can quickly charge the weapon as they bring it into play. They also feel that a weapon without a round in the chamber is more safe. This is true in the same way that having a paperweight in place of a firearm is safe. You won’t accidentally shoot yourself but you can’t deliberately shoot anyone else either. The biggest trouble with this approach is that the practitioners do not spend the time ensuring through repetitive drills under serious stress that they always charge their weapon when drawing it. Since there are a number of circumstances in which one might draw a weapon but not necessarily charge it, they tend to believe they can decide on the scene. Of course, under intense stress one does what one is used to and forgets to charge the weapon as that isn’t what one does normally. The only safety needed, on a handgun at least, is one’s mind and a trigger finger that stays straight along the frame until one intends to shoot. Anything else is a crutch at best, a deadly error at worst. This sad sack wouldn’t have been able to shoot me even if he had moved quickly. And while he figured out why his pistol wouldn’t go bang, I’d have had time enough to kill him and drink a cup of coffee.
Train for the worst case. Train for reality not convenience. Train like your life depends on it. It does.
I dropped my M57 on the driver’s chest. I didn’t want to run around with a weapon which could now be linked to a couple of dead guys. His would work as well as mine and I could use the extra ammo. I went through the load and make ready, lower the hammer routine, shoved the new M57 into my waistband and headed back to the BMW. I needed to get away from here most ricky tick. The cops would arrive, at most learn that the Four Runner and a light colored BMW had been in a chase and two guys were dead. They would throw out roadblocks, put out a BOLO (Be On the Lookout) and begin processing the scene. Sometime in the next day or two they would learn that the guys were mafia. This would change the focus of the case as cops don’t worry too much about bad guys killing bad guys until and unless they can leverage such an event against a bad guy. Absent that distinct possibility, i.e. a strong suspect, and, without any other leads, the case, would be shelved until they could connect someone to the event. It wouldn’t disappear, just be on hold, forensics neatly waiting, until there was someone to connect to the case. I didn’t want to make that last part easy, hence my exchange of weapons. I also didn’t want to return along the route I’d just driven and get caught in a roadblock. I drove back onto the asphalt, hopped out for the last time to scuff the marks of my tires on the dirt shoulder and then headed away down the road deeper into the concealing night.
It took a while to work my way through the narrow country lanes and find a way around KP and back to Pristina. I gave Naim a call to let him know I needed to meet him at the garage where he’d stored the M57. I texted Aferdita and got the all clear response. So far so good. I would try again later to convince her to extract now. The escalation which had just occurred meant that she was in more danger than ever. I didn’t want her taking the risk of being caught by an increasingly aware and motivated Enver. I’d have to find a way to talk face to face as that would give me the most chance of success in talking her into leaving. It would, however, have to wait until some of the heat inside the target organization died down.
Naim’s village was deserted; no one peered from a window or was wandering the street at this late hour. I pulled in behind where the BMW wasn’t visible to passing traffic. Leaving the car, I waited in the nearby shadows for Naim to arrive.


Chapter Twelve
I didn’t have to wait long. Even in the wee hours of the morning Naim was prompt. We tossed a tarp over the BMW, loaded my Pelican case into his Mercedes and headed off. His house was nearby and after an abbreviated SDR we made our way there. I needed to plan and catch some sleep in case things went sideways. If that happened, sleep would be a distant memory until the music stopped and someone was missing a seat. We sat in Naim’s small kitchen, drinking coffee with healthy slugs of vodka. Naim, of course, added cigarettes to the bill of fare.
Breakfast of champions.
I explained the recent turn of events. There was no point in trying to conceal anything about the firefight from Naim as he’d piece it together anyway. We’d had a couple similar events during my last visit. I trusted him to keep the faith. That constant loyalty is a big part of the Albanian national character, yet another reason I love Kosovo and its people. They call it besa and it is to their national character what a John Wayne sort of honor is to us Americans. Albanians have plenty of asshats and fools, like any other group of people but they also have a higher than average number of people who mean what they say when they call you friend. Our conversation transited rapidly from a recitation of recent history to arrangements for future operations. High on the list was my need for a new safe house.
“Why not use the first floor of the garage?” Naim asked. He meant, of course, the second floor but being European thought the first floor was called the ground floor. “It’s got a bed and a toilet that works. The place is closed until the petrol storage tanks get repaired. No one will be around, it doesn’t have any houses overlooking it and there are two good footpaths that take you away in different directions to main roads.”
I raised my eyebrows slightly and Naim grinned. I doubted if the storage tanks would ever get repaired as the usefulness of the garage, like Lao Tsu’s pot, seemed to lie in its emptiness. Still, if Naim wasn’t into a number of business endeavors which required flexible ethics he wouldn’t have been as much help to me.
“Cool. Sounds good. Let’s drop my shite there before it gets light. I think I’ll catch some sleep then too because if this breaks bad it’ll be the last chance in a while. Does the place have electricity?”
“Yeah, ska problem. Just keep the lights off at night.”
I nodded. “OK, that’s settled then. Now for the tough part. I need to work out how to protect my asset.”
It was Naim’s turn to nod. He knew roughly what I was up to, namely the running of a source which was inside the Serbian mafia. He also knew things were coming unstuck. My issue now was to figure out how to see disaster as it happened and to be able to react as quickly as possible. I’d learned the hard way long ago that it’s best to prepare for things going pear shaped before it happens rather than making it up as you go along. Better to have a plan and not need it than need one and not have it. So I wanted to be ready in case the worst should happen. Aferdita might succeed in placing the trackers without being detected. She might also get caught doing so or with them in her possession. The most likely locations for either event were her home, Enver’s home or his main place of business, a room in the back of a strip club/brothel that rejoiced in the name of the Hollywood Club.
He was apparently a traditional kind of gangster.
“Naim, would you be able to scare up a few people who wouldn’t mind backing me up if I need to go noisy again to extract my asset?”
I paused and waited for his response.
“That is too easy. I’ll have a couple guys from the old team help out if you need them. It’ll put some other things on hold but I can do it for you.”
“Thanks Naim, I appreciate it. It is literally a matter of life and death. You know what these fuckers are like.”
Naim nodded again, this time abruptly. The habits and actions of folks like this, especially those who had used the cover of patriotism in order to enhance their criminal opportunities, was a very sore point with him and many other UCK vets who felt betrayed when they saw criminals profiting from the sacrifices they had made. The savage treatment meted out to those who displeased the mafia and to women especially also rubbed them the wrong way. My Albanian friends had definite and largely traditional ideas about the relative roles in society of men and women but none of them would stand for the mistreatment and torture the mafia used to control and degrade the women they trafficked. It was a sore point for them as they saw it as dishonoring Albanians in general. Knowing an Albanian woman was at risk here would only mean they took the assignment with all the seriousness they had brought to the war. And that, as I and the MUP, the former Serbian dominated internal security force, knew first hand, was pretty damn serious indeed.
I returned his nod, reaching across the table to touch our coffee mugs in salute to what neither said but both understood.
‘The bad guys are going to be very jumpy not to say pissed off after tonight’s festivities. I don’t know what will happen but if my asset is taken I’ll need to move fast once I find out. I hope it doesn’t come to that but if it does, I’ll appreciate the help. It’ll just be watching the perimeter and providing transport, maybe throw a few rounds to discourage pursuit. Any problems with that mission set?”
“Ha.” Naim gave a short bark of laughter. “You haven’t changed at all. You just want to be in on the action. Don’t worry, we’ll be happy to watch your back and help you and your friend get away.”
I grinned and tossed back my coffee. I really would need to assess the situation and our options if something happened but Naim was also right. If an op is going to go noisy, I always want to be there. It is, after all, where the person running things ought to be, n’est pas? I know all the reasons the person exercising operational control shouldn’t be going through the door and even believe they are, in a general sense, correct. It’s just a character flaw of mine to not ever send people into harm’s way without leading the way myself. Never ask people to do what you aren’t willing to do yourself and all that.
Probably one of the many reasons why I wasn’t working on an official level anymore. I kept putting personal loyalty and mission accomplishment ahead of organizational and career equities. Oh well, I could have worse faults.
We worked out the cost for the additional support. I wouldn’t have wanted Naim and his people to work for free and putting off whatever he had going on was a serious extension of friendship on his part. I was running through my operational funding pretty quickly but then again, that was what it was for. I still had more than enough for the extraction and a few minor emergencies. With any luck Aferdita would keep her head down, draw no attention, make good notes in secret and place the trackers in a week or so when the dust was settling. Then we’d meet, bundle her into a vehicle and get her over the border to the Embassy in Skopje.
It could happen. I really, really, really hoped it would. But I was mentally preparing for it to all go sideways.
The next week went very slowly. I stayed in the upper floor of the garage, reading and waiting. In the evenings when darkness provided an additional layer of security, I’d head into the city to access the internet and check for comms for KVSWALLOW. I was usually on foot and bundled up in second hand clothing Naim had provided. On occasion, especially when it snowed as it did a couple of times, he’d give me a lift. I varied my locations and routes, watching carefully for incidental compromise like I’d encountered at KP. It wasn’t likely to happen again. Pristina is a large very crowded city and if I took care to avoid the main routes and places where either the members of Enver’s crew or internationals were generally found then it was a very low risk event. I did need to vary the locations of the internet cafes I used as I wouldn’t want to set a pattern or have anyone remark on the foreign guy who kept using an older out of the way place frequented only by locals. This also presented little problem as there are a lot of internet cafes scattered throughout Pristina.
Aferdita communicated once during the week via the regular comms to say she was ok and would wait for a better opportunity to emplace the trackers. She had already collected most of the information in the tasking for Luli to pass through HANNA but would now seek to confirm it and include any changes. According to her, Rat Face had called one of Enver’s lieutenants, Agim Bebiri, to tell him he’d seen me and thought I was up to something. Bebiri had told him to watch and report. When I’d attempted to evade them the directions had changed to catch me and bring me in for interrogation. That would have been unpleasant in the extreme. The Serbian mafia was now convinced that some branch of European law enforcement was watching them, perhaps seeking to penetrate their network. According to Aferdita, Enver was surprisingly relaxed about the issue. He had lately announced he was going to get assistance from “an important friend”. Aferdita didn’t know exactly what that meant but advised that she would attempt to find out. We discontinued the text checks after the second day since they would, if done too often, pose a threat rather than provide security. If her status was known or suspected her treatment would be dramatically different. Since she was being treated no differently now than before, too many texts ran the risk of creating suspicion if her phone was checked and she hadn’t been able to erase the log. Or even if she had. Not having to erase the logs meant everything would look normal to anyone doing an impromptu check of her phone calls and messages. An empty log could be seen as suspicious in and of itself.
It’s always a balancing game.
Through Naim’s contacts in the KPS I learned that the investigation had gone pretty much as I had anticipated. The elderly driver and passenger of the Lada had sworn there were two men in the BMW, both “Mafioso” looking and this misidentification added useful obfuscation to the case. The evidence showed one shooter using the M57 I’d dropped. The mafia connections for both victims had been established and the general consensus was that a rival group had brought in a professional hitter, probably former Spetsnaz. The chase and one sided firefight were now seen as the imported expert taking out two members of the competition for reasons unknown. This wasn’t far from the truth but fortunately it pointed the investigation in a direction away from my operation. The Organized Crime guys would pump their sources, put in more hours of surveillance and wiretaps and find nothing since there was nothing there to find. Eventually the case would get filed away as just a mob on mob incident.
Eight days after the chase and shooting, Aferdita reported that she had succeeded in planting all the trackers. Enver had called a meeting of what functioned as his HQ network. It was held at his house and, as was often the case, once the meeting ended the bacchanalia began. Aferdita was thus required to be there on display which gave her the chance to place the devices which in any case were small and magnetically affixed. She had also obtained the remaining information which detailed a Chechen connection and drug route which ran from Afghanistan to Germany and transited Serbia and Kosovo. This route was also being used by an Islamic terror group to bring people and weapons into Europe. Of almost equal interest to me was her information on Enver’s important friend. This guy was also at the meeting. He’d been kept segregated from all but Enver’s most trusted lieutenants. Aferdita had been assigned to keep him company while the meeting took place. She was assisted in this effort by none other than Billi. It looked from her reporting as if Enver was throwing Billi at this friend in order to see if he could get an inside view. The friend was an American, gave his name as Eric and spoke fluent Serbian. Aferdita suspected that Eric was somehow connected to Enver’s response to my presence as well as HANNA’s previously. She was able to take a cell phone picture of Eric and Billi together which she included in the report.
Eric looked like a middle aged professional type. Clean cut, lean and wearing business casual clothing. He had wire glasses and a wedding ring but those could be deceptive. I’d be interested in seeing what DIA would turn up on him. Most likely I’d never know since Aferdita had completed her tasking and we’d need to extract her as soon as possible. Once she was safely away my job would be completed and I’d move on to the next one. This was typical as there was no need for us to know the results and continued stories of the missions we were handed. We were contractors, given a job to complete and disposable once it was accomplished. I’d be tempted to check in a few months and see that Aferdita had been relocated but aside from that I wouldn’t expect to hear about this assignment again.
I downloaded the last KVSWALLOW communication, encrypted it and passed it on the Steve with my additional comment that I would appreciate any info on Eric which might impact our extraction. The extraction itself would occur in two days once Aferdita was able to work out her cover story of visiting a girlfriend in Peja. This type of thing, a visit to a female friend or a shopping trip or similar activity, was a fairly routine part of her lifestyle and wouldn’t raise any suspicions. Enver would maybe check with the girlfriend but since Aferdita had in fact made arrangements to spend a few days before the next weekend with her that part of her story was covered.
My last day in Kosovo was spent refueling the BMW, double checking that the magazines were full while doing the whole, clean, oil, wipe, load and make ready routine with the M57. I couldn’t take it across the border but would need it until then. I’d be leaving it in a temporary hide from which Naim would retrieve it on his way back. My Pratchet book was long gone but I had others to which I turned my restless attention. Having an ebook reader certainly made passing down time easier. Nonetheless, I was looking forward to wrapping this one up. Naim and I had a final dinner of pizza which he brought from his favorite restaurant. We huddled in the second floor safe house, drank some excellent pear brandy and remembered the good times. We reviewed the extraction plan and the various actions on in case of compromise. It was a good night of early celebration, something we wouldn’t get to do at the mission’s end. I’m careful not to drink much when down range. It’s never a good idea but a number of situations will arise where drinking is required. Doing so in moderation and especially knowing your limits and sticking to them is essential. Few things will screw an operator up faster than immoderate use of alcohol at inappropriate times and places. My request for any info on Eric had been received but I’d had nothing back. It seemed unlikely that his effort on Enver’s behalf, whatever it might be, would negatively impact the extraction and I decided to forego a move into the city proper simply to do a last minute comms check.
At 1800 hours, I received a text from Aferdita confirming that she was en route. I pulled the tarp off the BMW, fired it up and headed out for Airport Road. This was also the route to Peja and if my memory served me we’d be making our switch fairly close to the scene of the shooting. I guess the reason we have the word coincidence is for situations like that. I timed my arrival onto Airport Road for 1815, the time Aferdita was to be passing the ramp from which I’d enter. Her red Cabriolet was easily visible a bit further down the road. She was alone and I fell in behind her, keeping in the traffic flow and watching for anyone else also keeping an eye on her. A quick call to Naim verified that he and one of his guys were somewhere behind me doing the same thing. We kept on in this fashion, Aferdita occasionally slowing down which caused traffic to flow around her and at other times speeding up to pull away from surrounding vehicles. I watched for anyone matching her actions or being seen too often but found nothing. Sweeping off the KP route, we drove through the same streets where I’d been chased by the Four Runner ten days previously. The shooting wasn’t even in the news anymore. It had been superseded by the latest flare up at the border and the political posturing on all sides.
Just short of the site of the shoot, Aferdita turned onto a small side road and followed it over one of the low hills that covered the region. I drove past, watching for anyone who slowed, turned or returned. Naim, a couple of miles behind me would be able to see anyone turning after I was out of sight of the intersection. Once again, we saw no one and on his all clear I whipped through a U turn and joined them on the side road. Naim’s guy, whose name I never got, drove off in the Cabriolet, heading back to Pristina. It would end its days in a chop shop, never to be seen again. Aferdita loaded her one suitcase into Naim’s Mercedes. She was excited, apprehensive and in an extremely good mood. This was first evident when she took a quick step forward as I approached and gave me an exuberant hug followed by a quick kiss on the check.
“I am so happy. Finally I am to be free. It is almost too much to believe. I must thank you for all you have done for me. Falimenderit shome. Shome shome.”
I gently disengaged, holding her by her shoulders and giving them a slight amount of pressure. It was impossible to avoid smiling at the joy on her face, especially considering the extremes of horror to which she had been subjected for the last year. Her ability to bounce back, to survive with her inner self intact and finally able to show through impressed me far more than her obvious physical beauty. Strength of character and intelligence are always more attractive than incidental physical traits. Still, we weren’t clear yet and the celebration should wait until we were.
“Hey, we owe you. Without your bravery and help we’d not be in a position to put Enver and his crew away. They will have a run of very bad luck and a long time in prison thanks to you.”
Aferdita shook her head, smile still present but changing subtlety.
“I’d rather they got what you gave the other two,” she said, nodding with her chin in the direction of the spot where I’d shot Rat Face and his buddy. “That is what I want for him. But I will settle for what is possible and believe you when you say more will happen. I trust you because you have done what you said so far.”
“Thanks. That means a lot to me.” I let my sincerity show and then pulled her in for a hug. That also let me turn her toward Naim, who was waiting patiently. “Let’s get you safely away and we can talk more later, ok?”
Aferdita gave me another dazzling smile followed by another kiss. She turned to Naim, slid into the Mercedes through the door he was holding open and then twisted to look back at me through the rear window. I gave her a thumbs up and turned to Naim.
“Good to go? Same routine we’ve used before. I’ll be the hate wagon and break off when you make your turn for the hills.”
Naim tossed aside the butt of the cigarette he was currently smoking, gave me a slapping handshake accompanied by a grin and an eye roll toward Aferdita in the car behind him. “Yeah, same as always, boss. I’ll stop at the break point for a few supplies and then we’ll see you on the other side.”
I returned to my vehicle and followed Naim and Aferdita at a slight distance which would allow me to respond to problems without being caught up in the initial event. I kept this relative positioning until we reached a small town near the Macedonian border. There Naim made a stop for fuel before heading deeper into the mountains to make use of a route much favored by private entrepreneurs who wished to avoid undue official scrutiny of their cross border endeavors. This was one of many routes he’d used back in his UCK days and it was likely that despite the longer distance and rough roads, they would be at the rendezvous site before me. A warm spell the past few days meant the roads would be snow free but still hard enough for quick travel. My own route took me through the regular border crossing on the Pristina/Skopje highway. I had a small delay to stash the M57 and magazines under a trash can at the back of a petrol station owned by a friend of Naim’s but arrived while the crossing was still open. The crossing went without incident like the many before it. I drove as quickly as conditions permitted in the winding, narrow mountain road, eventually reaching the plain outside Skopje by late evening. The RV point was at a small restaurant a mile past the regular police checkpoint. I found Naim and Aferdita already there, seated at a table and finishing dinner.
Naim and I hugged, slapped backs and confirmed for each other that we’d seen nothing of concern during our separate routes. A minute or so later, he headed out, promising to let me know if anything interesting happened. I ordered a coffee and drank it while listening to Aferdita discuss the different options she wanted to explore for her new life. I knew nothing about being a buyer for a fashion chain and even less about designing but it was evident that she more than made up for my lack. It was pleasant to simply sit, still in Yellow but not at a fever pitch and hear her enthusiasm. Sometimes I get to do good in this job and those moments, rare though they are, make up for a lot of the shit I wade through to get to them.
I finally finished my coffee, acknowledging privately that I was delaying just because I was enjoying myself and paid the bill. Aferdita climbed into the BMW and we drove through the night into Skopje. During a previous exchange with Steve he had provided the address of a safe house in the Ostrovo neighborhood. I was to take Aferdita there and keep her secure for the night of our arrival. Once she was in place, I was to call the DIA contact from the Embassy, a guy named Mark who had taken over for the lame ass I’d dealt with before. Mark would arrange to meet her there the next day and begin the debriefing process. That alone would take a few days during which I’d be required to hang around, provide context to various questions and responses and generally make myself useful. After that, my assignment would be complete. I would most likely return to Greece, turn in the BMW and take a ferry to Venice. Then again maybe I’d just fly to Barcelona. Or Bruges. I would probably decide during the next few days.
The safe house turned out to be an apartment in a four story walk up near the city center. It was on a side street with a lot of privacy, several routes in and out and on the top floor with a good view on two sides. All to the good. I called Mark, who wasn’t too grumpy at being woken at that hour. He agreed to take the handoff in the morning. I did a sweep of the neighborhood, found nothing out of place and returned to find Aferdita in the bathroom, apparently taking a shower. I took the couch as the apartment had only one small bedroom. After a while, the shower stopped and Aferdita crossed the living room toward the bedroom. She looked at the door with the lock in place and then turned toward me, blew a kiss and disappeared. I flipped onto my side and tried to find some sleep. A few more hours and this assignment, like me, would be put to bed.


Chapter Thirteen
The next few days passed fairly quickly, at least in comparison to the time spent waiting in the garage. I had several debrief sessions with DIA, usually at the Four Seasons, the hotel to which they moved me the morning after our arrival. The debrief topics were limited to my conversations with Aferdita, my take on her personality, handling requirements, veracity and motivators. Operational details, unless they directly pertained to the debrief topic, were always avoided. No one wanted to know how I completed the mission and I was not interested in enlightening anyone. There was some discussion of the possible results from the tracking devices but nothing beyond informed speculation. After four days I had nothing left to contribute and was ready to move on and count this one complete.
Aferdita had been around during this time but our interactions were limited. I only saw her on two occasions, when introducing her to DIA officers and during her initial debrief. On both occasions she had been polite, open and friendly but without the flirtatious behavior and subtle displays of interest she had shown during our interactions in Kosovo. I attributed this to her concentration on her new surroundings and information overload. That and the fact that I might have been more attractive to her during our adventures than would otherwise be the case simply due to the intensity of the circumstances which brought us together. This too was normal and as she began to settle in to her new world I expected she would continue the process of readjustment. I had no place in that new world and was happy to see that she was, to the extent that I could determine, adjusting well and rapidly. This made her call on the afternoon of the day before I was scheduled to leave a bit of a surprise.
“Hi. It’s me. I hope you didn’t think you were going to leave without saying goodbye.”
I recognized her voice of course but the implied familiarity of the “it’s me” and her playful, teasing tone threw me somewhat off balance. I had, in fact, planned on doing just that. I suspected there was a mutual attraction there, perhaps enhanced by the situation yet still present but there seemed little point in pursuit. I wouldn’t be around wherever she wound up, there were too many security issues and lifestyle problems to be overcome and the whole long term relationship thing doesn’t fit this line of work very well. It seemed better to steal away quietly into the night and be a fond memory rather than pursue anything more. Especially as the pursuit, if successful and regardless of its transitory nature, might create difficulties for her present situation. Just disappearing was easier, made the most sense and worked best for everyone.
Not that I could simply say that of course. I stammered my way through a short version of I know you’re busy, didn’t want to be a distraction, won’t be around anymore after this and thought it was best. The end result was no sale.
“I don’t care about all that. You got me out of hell and I want to see you before you go. You can’t just run away now. I won’t take no for an answer and that is that. Be at my apartment tonight around six. Bring wine. And a toothbrush.”
Aferdita hung up before I could reply. I didn’t need a refresher course in predictive analysis to see where this path was headed. I could, of course, simply ignore her, toss the local cell I’d been using and call it quits. I was seriously tempted to do just that. I hate being told what to do, probably some deep seated complex with a multi-syllabic name. Or, has also been suggested on several occasions, I’m just a bloody minded autonomous asshole. The desire to move on, maybe even leave early was strong. Maintaining my autonomy has been a major part of my personality for as far back as I can remember. It’s caused me trouble, of course, but it’s too deeply ingrained to leave it now and the reflexive response was immediate. Then again, the little guy with the pitchfork on my left shoulder, otherwise identical to the guy on my right but there simply for secondary opinions, noted that the things you didn’t do were usually the ones you regretted the most. Aferdita was a beautiful, intelligent and highly courageous woman, the kind to which I was normally attracted. Sure this couldn’t possibly lead anywhere, she seemed to know that and there was no harm then in two consenting adults being, well…adult. This required some consideration and after wrestling with the concepts for a while I finally decided I’d show up, make sure she had no illusions that required correction and see where a goodbye and good luck dinner took us.
If this seems a bit of a strange response from a healthy heterosexual male, remember, James Bond etc. and the swinging bachelor lifestyle is fiction. Dangerous fiction for an operator. As a female instructor once told a group of clandestine ops trainees, myself included, “pussy will fuck you up.” She intended no irony and her point was well taken. Sex and money are the two primary causes of compromise for operators and should be approached by professionals with as much caution as a potential IED. It’s important to always question oneself and one’s motives. Any other approach can all too easily end in disaster. And the juvenile displays of testosterone overload and macho posturing you see in some “operator” types employed as close protection or in similar muscle head jobs? Nothing wrong with women, money or the pursuit of both but they can all too easily blind or warp priorities. The display of a knee jerk response and attachment to either is a warning sign for those selecting operations personnel for my world. That kind of attitude and behavior is a clear indicator of a lack of the self-control and confidence needed in true covert activities.
So it took me a while of careful reflection and thought before I decided to do what most men would be rushing headlong to accept. I would go, we’d see what happened on terms I found acceptable and that would be that. I wasn’t going to let anything, including biology, control me. To put it another way, I’m the boss of me.
I spent the rest of the day packing the few items I had left to toss in the Pelican. It then went in the trunk of the BMW which I planned on driving back into Greece to turn in to the rental agency. I still wasn’t sure where I’d go from there. Probably the Low Countries. I really enjoyed them in winter and it was coming on fast. I’d already given my final report to Steve, gotten his sign off and had my pay deposited into one of the two off shore accounts I use. I’d transfer money to the HSBC and Credit Suisse accounts I used in Europe once I was in Athens. So, after tonight, I was footloose and fancy free for a bit. Cold weather, snowcapped medieval towns and snug bars with roaring fires and excellent beer beckoned. All this had me in a good mood when I arrived at the safe house apartment in which Aferdita had remained.
Knocking on the door I watched for the peephole to darken and then held up the bottle of a Grand Cru from what I was assured was an excellent vintner in France. I wouldn’t know as its all spoiled grape juice to me. Brewers and distillers get my business. I’ll drink the stuff if required but it’s not my preference. The peephole lightened again and I made a mental note to explain to Aferdita why it was a good idea to block the thing over on the inside with something she could move aside thus not allowing someone outside to know she was at the door. I promptly forgot that when the door opened fully. Aferdita was wearing nothing out of the ordinary for this part of the world, just a pair of the skin tight black leggings women here favored, topped by a shimmery dark gray blouse with short sleeves and a plunging but tasteful neckline. Her feet were bare and her hair was up in a casual sweep with strands falling artfully over her forehead and neck in a way that was too perfectly placed to be random. She wore small diamond earrings, no necklace and had two gold bangles on her left wrist. If she wore makeup it was so artfully applied that I didn’t notice. Like I said, nothing spectacular but the effect was considerable, especially when she smiled, reached out lazily and scratched my abs lightly.
“OK, don’t just stand there staring. Come on in.” Aferdita’s smile turned into a very happy grin as she turned away and walked across the living room entryway toward the kitchen. There was a small fire in the fireplace, a table already laid out with a white cloth, silverware and plates etc. The lights were on as normal, this wasn’t some hooker’s pad in Amsterdam, just the neat and clean apartment of a grown woman who didn’t seem to play games and appreciated directness. I did as she asked, walking bemusedly through the door. I wasn’t so distracted that I forgot to make a visual sweep of the outside as I closed and locked it but professionalism was getting a run for its money. Making my way to the kitchen/eating area, I handed the wine to Aferdita, got a warm kiss in return and then looked for a place to drop my coat. Women like Aferdita have a way of making their entire environment look as complete and subtly nuanced as they are. I felt a bit out of place in my Levi’s, polo shirt and Clark’s but then again, I am never going to be mistaken for Beau Brummel. I tossed my Beaufort onto a chair beside the sofa and turned in time to catch the cold Schumacher Latzenbier tossed my way.
Aferdita’s grin was a combination of innocent happiness and wicked glee, something one has to see to fully appreciate. I felt it in my gut like a well-placed hook.
“I remember you saying you like dark German beer. Enjoy. We’ll have the wine with dinner and something else later.”
The double entendre, if such it were, was delivered with smooth innocence. I grinned back, raised the bottle in salute and stepped to the sink to work the opening lever. Aferdita passed me two glasses and a minute later we were clinking them together, looking at each other over the foam.
“Confusion to the enemy.”
“Gezuar.”
The beer was everything one expects from an altbier, strong and full of flavor. I could feel myself dropping some of the tension and general bad attitude with which I normally shield myself from the world. The combination of atmosphere, company and promise was working a magic I had rarely felt and which, this time anyway, I had no reason to resist. I let myself relax, trying to turn into the guy I might have been instead of the one I’d purposefully become. This was just for one night and I didn’t want my reflexive, paranoid nature to spoil something which Aferdita had obviously carefully planned and in which she was taking a great deal of delight. I had no true way of understanding the horrors through which she had lived and if this helped, I was glad she’d picked me for the job. I took another mouthful of the Latzenbier and followed as she took me by the hand and led me to the sofa.
The next half hour or so passed in a mix of conversation, laughter and an increasing sense of wellbeing. Aferdita was open and talkative, something that seemed natural to her personality. She spoke of growing up in Peja, her love for the mountains and the hardships they had endured during the war. We kept off the subjects likely to spoil the mood, such as her brother, the time after the war and what she had been through. Instead I asked if she’d gotten any further in her plans for the future. That topic took us through bringing out the food, an excellent roast if it matters, eating it and into dessert. The wine went well with the meal, a bit of luck as I’d picked it more on recommendation and with no idea what we’d be eating. I learned a lot more about the world of fashion design and specialty store buying than I had suspected existed. Not that I was bored, knowledge of many things is the sword unseen after all and hearing an expert speak of a subject they passionately enjoy is always a good way to learn. When the expert is a gorgeous woman who likes you and isn’t shy about making that known the effort required to pay attention and participate in the conversation is no real effort at all. The meal, good as it was, passed by in an only marginally registered blur as the conversation and deepening attraction held center stage.
We finished dessert, a sort of cherry torte, cleared the dishes and settled back on the sofa with a bottle of Courvoisier and two snifters. The talk had settled from the rush of happy enjoyment and future plans to a more leisurely pursuit of movies we both enjoyed, the meanings behind these films and life in general. I was full, relaxed, contented and enjoying myself in a way that was, for me, extremely rare. Aferdita was a very unique combination of personality traits with a quick mind and developed insight. Beautiful only gets you so far; the truly interesting part of any female is between her ears not her limbs. Aferdita did not disappoint on this score. Finding a woman with her sense of style, sophistication and looks combined with her intelligence and charm was like seeing the sun rise over the Rockies for the first time. I flashed on the old John Denver tune and had to say he was onto something there. My senses were certainly on overload. As I completed that thought, Aferdita tossed back the remains of her brandy and placed the glass on the coffee table. She rose smoothly, uncurling her legs from where they had been folded beneath her as she sat on the sofa half facing me. Keeping her eyes on mine, she brought both hands to her head where she did something that caused her hair to fall in shimmering waves of midnight around her face and over her shoulders. She dropped some pins on the table and then, extending her hand, she flashed me the same wicked grin I’d seen when I arrived. I took her hand and without a word, she drew me up to my feet and after her to the bedroom.
What happened after that is nobody’s damn business but ours.
I awoke with a start, sitting up and trying desperately to get my bearings and interpret the sounds which had woken me. It was still night, no light shown around the edges of the window blinds. I was in Aferdita’s bed, she was sleeping on her side facing me, just now rolling over and opening her eyes in confusion. The bed was a double crammed into a smallish room which also contained an armoire, nightstand and chest of drawers. My Panerai sat on the nightstand but I couldn’t read the hands at this distance in the dark. My interest in the time disappeared in any case as I heard the sounds of heavy feet rushing through the apartment just before the bedroom door was kicked open. I was already moving, rolling out to the side and coming to my feet as the door slammed back against the wall. A bright light hit my face and from behind it came a harsh command to stand still. Something in the position of the light and the play of shadows told me it was attached to a pistol and I obeyed the command, as yet uncertain of who was behind the light and still too far away to act.
The lights came on and I saw a large guy with dark hair, wearing a leather jacket over a sweater and jeans. He was aiming a Glock 19 with a rail mounted flashlight at me. Beside him, just dropping his hand from the light switch, stood Enver. I heard Aferdita gasp as Enver, with an unpleasant, nasty grin, raised his hand and shot me with a strange black pistol. I realized a fraction of a second after he pulled the trigger that it looked strange because it was a Taser, not a real firearm. The probes hit me square on and the jolt of pain took me down before I could react. My muscles simply locked and I dropped forward and to the side, unable to move, catch myself or even breathe. It felt like fire was running along my neural pathways. I vaguely heard a scream but was too racked to register it clearly. I knew it wasn’t me because with my muscles locked I couldn’t breathe. I felt the shock of hitting the floor and a moment later the pain stopped and I felt myself shudder and twitch as my body came back on line. I was on my left side, half curled in a fetal position, pretty much like the posture in which you find the corpse of someone who has died in a fire. Not my most pleasant thought. The guy with the Glock had stepped forward and he now dropped to a knee and placed the Glock to my head.
Actually, placed is somewhat inaccurate. He shoved the Glock against my head, driving my skull into the floor. He grinned as he did so and fished in his jacket pocket. I knew I could move fast enough to get the muzzle off me and cause his shot to go into the floor but was too cramped by the bed and my prone position to be able to follow up effectively. I heard Enver laughing and the sound of flesh hitting flesh and a body falling on the far side of the bed.
Fuck. Somebody was going to die tonight. Me, them, still unsure, but this was the last night for somebody. I felt the cold rage settle over me like a familiar blanket and rolled my head under the pressure of the Glock to see what my new buddy was doing. It turns out he was pulling an already assembled plastic wire tie from his pocket. It looked like just an industrial strength wire tie rather than actual flex cuffs. That was good since they are much easier to defeat than flex cuffs. I slipped into hostage survival mode without conscious thought. Training, if it’s realistic and effective, tends to take over and I was already letting the tension drain from my muscles, slumping as if defeated and bringing my hands out in front meekly. This was, of course, designed to make Dumbass here feel like he was the man, totally in control and I was a worm crushed beneath his mighty tread. It works more often than you’d expect unless the other guy has the same training and won’t fall for what he wants to see. Dumbass hadn’t been trained or had forgotten his training as he quickly caught my hands in the loop and gave the pull cord a savage yank, closing the loop and causing the wire ties to bite into the sides of my wrists. He grinned sadistically and stepped back, standing upright and pulling me up by my cuffed wrists. Just to be clear, I’d tagged him Dumbass since he was acting in a manner that was entirely stupid. Unless there is some compelling tactical requirement such as the need to use one’s hands to assist in climbing a ladder or some similar exception, it is the height of stupidity to cuff a prisoner in the front. It gives him continued freedom of movement, doesn’t stop him from effective use of weapons or unarmed combat and makes escape from restraints much more easy. And if someone offers their hands to you, watch out. It’s either a come on or something they want to happen in a specific way. At the least it means they have been here before. A competent operator won’t fall for the easy way and be in a rush to “secure” them. He or she will do it right, do it their way and be sure it is complete. Dumbass, being a fuck wit, failed to follow these simple rules. Which left me standing, cuffed with wire ties, with my hands in front of me and in a posture that permitted easy escape. This was gonna be an expensive lesson for him.
It wasn’t going to happen anytime soon however. The probes from the Taser had been pulled off my chest as I fell but Dumbass yanked me quickly through the bedroom door before I could catch my balance. There I found two other guys, one of whom was Oakleys, grinning happily and also aiming weapons at me. The part of my mind that notices things like that registered the weapons as two more Glock 19s. Maybe there was a sale at Thugs R Us. Oakleys wasn’t wearing the shades which got him his tag but he was recognizable enough by now that I didn’t need the visual reference. His partner was wearing a suede jacket rather than the dark black leather preferred by his comrades and I mentally christened him Suede. Not too clever but I was still a bit scrambled from shock, mental and physical. Oakleys reached out, grasped my upper arm and started pushing me toward the apartment door. I could see it hanging off one hinge where it had been forced open. That sound had been what brought me out of a deep sleep. Lying on the floor of the entrance area was a post hole digger filled with cement. A good enough field expedient battering ram, quite capable of taking out a door like this one. I stumbled across the living room, partly playing the frightened and stunned hostage, partly because my body was still adjusting to the Taser as well as the adrenaline coursing through my system. I was wearing only my shorts, a pair of Under Armour briefs, and the cold air that hit me as we left the apartment helped dissipate the lingering after effects of the Taser.
I’d tried to see what was happening with Aferdita as I was hustled out but aside from a last glimpse of Enver bending over her as she lay curled on the floor beside the bed, I saw nothing helpful. I stumbled and fell as we crossed the small hallway that joined the first floor apartments and the stairs to the main entrance. I wanted to buy time and the fall provided it. Oakleys cursed as my fall almost unbalanced him too. He kicked me hard as I struggled to my feet, hitting my hip and making himself feel better. I rolled with the kick, bouncing off the wall and making it look like it had hurt me by doubling over slightly and grunting. Oakleys snatched my elbow and resumed hustling me out of the building. As we exited, I saw a dark BMW SUV idling at the curb. Behind it was a black Lexus. Drivers were standing by both vehicles and the BMW driver moved to the rear when he saw us. By the time we crossed the snowy pavement, he had the rear hatch open and I was shoved unceremoniously into the confined space. I scrambled forward, turning to sit with my back to the street side windows so I could still view the entrance to the safe house apartment block. Oakleys slammed the hatch and then climbed into the front passenger seat. The driver returned to his seat as Suede slid into the rear passenger seat directly in front of me. He pushed his Glock over the back of the rear seat, aiming at me and grinning a sadistic little grin. Whatever he said was in Serbian and I couldn’t follow it.
It didn’t sound like he was wishing me well though.
Looking out through the rear hatch and side windows I saw Enver and the remaining thug, Dumbass, come out of the apartment building. Dumbass was dragging Aferdita by one arm. She was stumbling, her head down, long black hair, still sleep tousled, obscuring her face. She had on a long t shirt in which she slept but no other clothing or shoes. Enver opened the rear door of the Lexus; Dumbass half threw, half pushed her in and then followed. Enver climbed into the front of the Lexus, giving a forward wave to us as he did. Our driver shifted to first and pulled away smoothly. In less than a minute we were lost in a maze of neighborhood streets, drifting through the quiet early morning darkness as a light snow fall settled on the city.
This wasn’t turning out the way I had intended. It was high time I switched on before Aferdita and I both wound up dead. I began to take deep breaths, carefully keeping my head down, eyes averted and hiding the breaths. I was going to need the calmness and centered ability to utilize fine motor skills in order to escape. Getting the adrenaline and fear under control was the first step on the road back to life. I sat there, breathing and planning, as we crossed the silent city and entered the M1 heading south.


Chapter Fourteen
The procedures to follow when taken prisoner or hostage are fairly well known and standardized within the law enforcement and special operations communities. There are some variations on the theme, mostly due to the differences when operating in a military versus a strictly civilian environment. For example, in a civilian context, it is a bad idea to get taken from the primary scene. The only purpose in taking a captive somewhere else is to have time and privacy to do unpleasant things to them. This is obviously not in the captive’s best interests so the possibility of getting injured in an immediate escape attempt or resistive action is much less of a reason to not act as soon as possible simply because what is going to happen at the secondary scene is much, much worse. Of course, any resistance or escape attempt should be deployed with cunning and careful intent. Simply flailing away wildly in a panic does no more good here than in any other physical confrontation. Just another reason to obtain, maintain and sharpen the basic skill set.
In a military environment, however, it is often the case that the scene of capture is not exactly a crime scene and transport to another location, while not necessarily in your best interests, does not hold all the same issues as it does for a situation in the civilian world. Of course, escape attempts that are made as soon as feasible after capture are most likely to succeed but that is also when the opposition is most watchful. Hence the need to employ deception and create the impression of being weaker, less capable and properly cowed. Heroic posturing, defiance and ineffective struggles will only earn the macho man more attention and can quite possibly lead to a greater degree of confinement or a beating or other injury that degrades his ability to escape. So, the standard training says, put your head down, be the gray man, let your fear show, piss yourself if it helps and set the fuckers up. Don’t overplay it either. Just give the people what they want to see and above all be consistent. It will take time for the impression to set in. In the meantime, watch and keep the fear at bay by collecting all the data possible on your captors. How many are there? What weapons do they have and what do their handling methods indicate in terms of skill and training? What indicators are there of nationality and allegiance? Who else is a prisoner? Which of your captors appear as possible points of human contact, someone with whom you could form a personal bond, however slight, which might aid in your escape? What route are you taking and in what transport? Is there anything in your immediate environment which might give you a chance to attempt an escape? The sense of uncertainty and fear of the unknown will be working hard on any captive. Collecting useful information and working toward a goal will help one handle this normal emotional response. Above all, trainees in hostage survival are taught to keep repeating to themselves, I will survive. I will escape. And if it helps, I will have revenge. Everyone needs a reason to live. A person taken hostage must review theirs and set them in the forefront of their thoughts. These and other mental drills will keep their mind occupied instead of spinning in shock and confusion. In this situation especially, the mind is indeed your primary weapon.
The point of all this is that if done properly, the captive will appear less of a threat and is more likely to be overlooked for special treatment. Captors will focus naturally on the people who appear most likely to create problems, which means the opportunities for action will be increased for those who are deemed less of a threat. There is a lot more a good Survival Escape Resistance and Evasion (SERE) course will teach in terms of handling confinement, resisting interrogation and generally surviving captivity but it isn’t germane to this incident. My point is that a trained operator will act the exact opposite of any action star you’ve ever seen on the big or little screen. I needed to fade, reduce my threat signature and bide my time.
When it came, I would need to act unhesitatingly and with total commitment. I’d only get one chance, if any.
That chance came as we accelerated down the M1 and away from the main body of Skopje. Our driver and Oakleys had started a conversation as we pulled away from the safe house. It was in Serbian so I couldn’t follow but it seemed to involve the post-operational high and jubilation common to these events. I guess they hadn’t learned that the fat lady doesn’t come on stage until you are back at base, everything double checked and ready for the after action debrief. Celebration while still on the return to base is sometimes premature.
It sure as fuck was going to be this time, if I had anything to do with it.
Suede had been drawn into the conversation, turning gradually from his position sitting half facing me to one where he was mostly forward with the Glock and his wrist placed on the back of the rear seat. The muzzle if the Glock pointed roughly out the rear window. I glanced that way and was surprised to see that at some point the Lexus had turned onto a different route. It was no longer with us. As it had no immediate effect on what I intended to do, I mentally shrugged and carried on with my plan. This plan centered on the unprofessional placement of the wire tie restraints. When I had held out my hands to be cuffed, what looked like a gesture of submission was actually the first step of my preparation of the battlefield. My hands were in loose fists, a position most people naturally assume when holding out their hands to be cuffed and one that therefore draws no suspicion. I’d also had my thumbs touching. The effect of this, when the bad guy is using a single tie in a loop, is to increase the diameter of the wrist and arms. Now, with my hands below Suede’s line of sight and in the dark, I turned my hands to a praying posture, palms together. This created a gap, as the ties when they were pulled tight, had stopped at the wider distance of my wrists while pronated and tensed. It was simple to hold the left outside edge of the tie against my knee and pull my right hand free through the gap. Try it sometime; you’ll be surprised at how easily what appears to be a secure restraint is defeated. Of course, it helps if the opposition isn’t well trained and it was essential that I feign compliance so as to have the time and opportunity to slip free. I’d earned those and now, discarding the loop of wire tie from around my left wrist, I was ready and able to do something about my situation.
I checked the external environment quickly. No point in acting if it was going to send us over a cliff or into the river. We were driving down a deserted stretch of four lane highway, just outside the city proper and with only the occasional petrol station or farm house to be seen. Off in the distance were lights from small villages or farms but the immediate area was simply wide, flat fields separated from the highway by the chain fences common to highways in Macedonia. I moved quickly, bringing my hands up to clamp my left on Suede’s wrist while my right caught the barrel and slide of the Glock and wrenched it to point away from me and toward the inside of his grip. This put the pressure to retain the hold on the weakest part of his grasp, the thumb and forefinger. I kept the wrench going, not stopping and yanked the Glock up and back, out of his hand. I let it drop slightly, shifting my grip as I did and winding up with it securely in my right hand as Suede turned an astonished face, mouth open toward me.
Surprise, surprise, surprise. Say goodnight, Dick.
I leaned back, squinting to avoid the flash and blowback as I pulled the trigger twice in quick succession. Suede’s head jerked back as one round went through his open mouth, spraying the front of the SUV with bone, hair and brains. A small hole appeared beneath his right eye as the second round impacted and he slumped down, sliding across the rear seat. I didn’t wait but, still in a sitting position, twisted to my left and brought the Glock in a two hand grip across to target Oakleys. He was just beginning to react, jumping in surprise and leaning forward as he turned to see what had happened. I double tapped him in the head, seeing the front window darken with the spray. The driver was slamming on the brakes and trying to look in the rearview. The last thing he saw was my blood streaked smile as I shifted aim and blew out the back of his head. He dropped to the side, leaning against the door and the SUV jumped as it stalled out. We slid a short distance, partly sideways but slowing rapidly as our speed had already dropped significantly due to the emergency breaking. The SUV bumped up against the snow piled on the berm from an earlier plowing. For a moment nothing moved, all was quiet.
At least, it was as far as I could tell. My ears were ringing in the high pitched way you get when there is damage. I doubted if I would be able to hear a jet taking off beside us just then. I shook my head futilely and shifted to a kneeling posture. There were still no signs of life from the other occupants of the BMW. A check outside revealed no other vehicles. I needed to move quickly. The rear door opened from the inside, something to remember if you get shoved into a rear hatch or trunk of a modern passenger vehicle. I rolled out into the snow, shivering as the wet flakes landed on my still nearly naked body. The first order of business was to make sure none of these mopes made like Jesus and came back from the dead.
A quick check showed all were ready for the long dirt nap. The BMW was full of the smell of feces and urine. This was the result of the bowels letting go when the body died. It happens sometimes if the internal conditions are right. Not pleasant but the least of my worries. I hastily stripped Oakleys since he was the closest in size to me. Luckily he hadn’t shit himself. His pants were a bit loose, his shirt a bit small across the shoulders and tight in the arms but roomy around the middle. His shoes and socks fit well enough although the Bruno Magli’s he was wearing weren’t my usual cup of tea. Still, beggars and choices and all that. I pulled on his leather coat gratefully and went through the pockets. It turned out that Oakleys and his comrades were all carrying cell phones and reasonable amounts of cash. There was no map clearly marked “hideout” or RV site and a check of the vehicle also failed to turn up anything. By now, a couple of cars had passed and I knew it wouldn’t be long before the police turned up to see why a vehicle was stopped by the side of the highway with one man pulling the clothes off another in the midst of an increasingly intense snowfall. Even the most jaded constable was likely to be curious about that.
I was stumped. I felt the adrenaline begin to fade as I stood, snow swirling around me and tried to think of what to do next. I couldn’t remember the Embassy phone number, not that they would have been of much assistance anyway. I had no idea where Enver was taking Aferdita or how to find out. I checked the phones but while several of the numbers were listed by recognizable names, none were Enver. Not surprising, as if I were a major player in the Serbian mafia I wouldn’t want my henchmen running around with my number clearly displayed in their phones. It was most likely one of the numbers that were unnamed. I checked all three phones and found two numbers that lacked names and appeared on all three phones. I tried them and the first was a female speaking Serbian, the second went unanswered. I was running out of ideas which became a moot point as I saw flashers approaching. I didn’t feel like staying to speak to the local representatives of law and order as that would mean hours of being held in a cell, questions I wouldn’t answer and possible involvement of the Embassy. That last was a major no no. I’d have to solve this on my own.
I shoved the phones into my pocket along with the cash from the wallets. I then gave the wallets and inside of the vehicle a hasty wipe with a scarf the driver had been wearing, did the same for the Glock I’d used, dropped it and grabbed a replacement and a spare mag from Oakleys. I jumped the fence and ran across the nearest field, aiming for the lights of a nearby village. If I got lucky I could find or steal a car and head back to my hotel. Once there I could shower to remove the blood and gunshot residue and change into my own clothing. Then I could use my own vehicle to find a suitable place to ditch Oakley’s clothing and anything else tying me to the shooting. I wasn’t sure how that would advance my finding Aferdita but at least I’d be able to contact DIA and let them know what had happened. With any luck they’d have the resources to track his phone or in some other way find where he had gone. Odds were she was there too.
I only hoped she was in one piece, alive and waiting for rescue.
It was hard but I shoved the fear for Aferdita away, cut it off from the rest of me and forced myself to focus. Right now evasion was the mission. Putting my head down I picked up the pace. I reached the back yards of a small collection of houses that fronted a narrow street which seemed to lead toward an intersection deeper in the village. A glance back showed the flashers slowing near where I thought the SUV was located. I had no time to waste and turned away, heading down the street toward the intersection. A handful of snow helped me get the blood off my face and hands. My instincts turned out to be right this time as I found the main square, or what passed for it in this little farming village. There was a café/bar near where I came out and a number of vehicles in the small lot beside it. A quick check turned up an Opel Kadet with the keys in the ignition. Hopefully the owner was in the bar, downing peach brandy and not planning to come out for a long time. I saw no one inside looking out or anywhere around. It’s not a good idea to involve civilians on a covert operation, something this had turned into, but I needed the car and a report of a stolen car would be treated with less urgency than one where someone reported an American asking for a ride into town and no explanation of how he got there. Especially when the police realized that this was near where someone went missing from a triple homicide. Of course, the same would apply eventually with the stolen car report but by then, I hoped to be in my own vehicle and heading away. And there would be nothing linking a foreigner to the scene. I slid into the driver’s seat and fired up the Opel. Thirty seconds later I was following my best guess as to the right road which led back toward Skopje.
The limited number of roads in the area played in my favor and I was soon back in the city. The area was one I recognized, Topaana, known as a rough part of town largely inhabited by gypsies. I pulled into a small weed strewn lot beside a dark, crumbling set of housing blocks. I wiped the keys, controls and door handle and then left the Opel, keys still in the ignition. I doubted very much if it would be there in an hour. Making my way on foot I reached a larger street where a passing cab decided to take a chance on the conservatively dressed guy waving him down. I didn’t want a connection to my hotel in case the Opel was traced to the dump site so I had the cab drop me near the city center. There I walked to another cab stand and had this driver take me to a location near the safe house. I explained that I just needed to see a friend quickly and would be right out. The cabbie agreed to wait, the fifty euro bill I handed him with the promise of a second probably helped. I turned up the collar of the jacket, wrapped the scarf around my head and neck and ducked down the walkway beside a house as if going to the back entrance. Once there I scrambled through the yard, out onto a side street and from there was looking at the safe house building within a minute.
Surprisingly, there was no sign of police. The area had been selected as much for its privacy as anything, the apartments were solid and sound wouldn’t travel out. Perhaps the neighbors had heard only a crash and then a scream or two and put it all down to a domestic fight. Those were not unheard of here and it wouldn’t be hard to dismiss such sounds when heard through the fog of sleep, especially if they were not repeated. Then again, the place could be crawling with cops on the inside. There were no new tire tracks in the snow however, which tended to point toward the safe house still being empty. I had to risk it in any case and made a circuitous approach, which kept me in the shadows until I entered the building’s main door.
The safe house door still hung drunkenly from one hinge. There was nothing to show that anyone had come or gone since I’d been dragged out. Moving cautiously, Glock up in a two hand high point, I pied the doorway and saw nothing alarming inside. I entered and made my way to the bedroom. There I bundled my clothing into a wad that I shoved into a pillow case. My watch went back on my wrist, cell phone in my pocket. I didn’t need to worry about sanitizing the place; there were no reasons to do so if I had not been here when Aferdita was snatched. And that would certainly be my story for now. I gave the place a hasty once over, found nothing that indicated my presence during the kidnapping. The scattered chaff from the Taser lay on the floor but it would be seen as having been used on her. My plan, in order to keep the Embassy and everyone else clear, was to claim that I’d visited, had dinner and then left. I’d include the fact of having slept with her before leaving as this would be consistent with any evidence gathered and the admission, confirming a strongly held suspicion, would make the subsequent lie more easy to accept without questioning. I needed a free hand and no attachment to the events on the highway. I turned and headed out, pillow case stuffed under the leather jacket.
As I walked across the living room, my glance caught the remains of the Courvoisier and our glasses. The sheer emotion that hit me at the sight of what was until an hour or so ago one of the better nights of my life was unexpected. The emotional blow froze me in my tracks. Sure, I had no intentions of my involvement with Aferdita going anywhere. Yes, it was a onetime thing. But damn it, I really liked and admired her and now she was back in the hell she had left, one she had gotten out of at my urging and one she had felt safe from because of me. I knew rationally that I was not responsible for her current plight but most of me wasn’t listening. I fought a silent battle with myself which seemed to go on forever until I could force my emotions aside and be the cold operator I needed to be. Heading out the door I refused to look back. I was back at the cab in a few minutes, taking a direct route and letting the heavy snowfall cover my tracks. Fifteen minutes and another fifty Euros later I was at the Marriot. I went inside, nodded to the night clerk as if I belonged and took the elevator to the fifth floor. Here I slipped into the stairwell. There I changed into my own clothing and bundled Oakley’s into the pillow case. I took the stairs down, used a side door to access the parking lot where I dumped Oakley’s clothing out of the pillow case and into a dumpster. That done, I wiped and scattered the cell phones by throwing them into different snow piles before walking around to the front where I took a cab to the Four Seasons. It wasn’t perfect as the video cameras would show me entering and exiting in different clothing and my use of the side exit would be strange. Still, that would only be a problem if something happened to connect me with this location. That was very unlikely. If it didn’t happen within a day or two the odds improved as the video was probably reused every twenty four or forty eight hours. In any case, I had to dispose of the evidence tying me to Highway 1 which made the security footage a risk I needed to take. I pushed it out of my mind and moved on.
I was having to do that a lot tonight. It wasn’t getting any easier with practice.
I took a shower, scrubbing carefully to remove all traces of blood and gunpowder from my skin and fingernails. As I showered I considered my options.
They weren’t looking too good just then. I would, in all likelihood and assuming I got rid of the Glock I was still toting around, not be connected to the shooting. There was nothing to tie me to the safe house kidnapping either and my story of being there earlier but not when it occurred would be credible. The issue was that the Macedonian police would know someone had shot the guys in the SUV, someone who then felt the need to strip one of them before fleeing on foot. That indicated a prisoner and combined with the stolen car would give them an idea of a reasonably resourceful individual who didn’t want to speak with them. That would make it easy to decide the mafia had one of their own in the back and he’d escaped, killing his captors on the way. Not too far off the mark really. The apartment wouldn’t necessarily connect with the SUV, in fact there was no more reason to assume a connection with that than with whatever other random crimes were occurring that night. So the SUV and stolen car would be assumed to be mafia related crimes.
The events at the safe house would be seen as an unrelated kidnapping, at least initially. The Embassy would eventually be found to be the lease holder. Someone from the Embassy would then have to explain what had occurred. More likely, once a plan of action had been agreed upon, the Embassy would assign someone from the Regional Security Office to liaise with the police and explain things. That explanation would include Aferdita’s information. It would be hard to stonewall and say only that an asylum seeker had been staying there. The Macedonians would rightly want to know who and how it affected them and the Embassy would have no reason to damage relations with the host country. They would, no doubt, demand special classification and the political arm of the police would take over rather than the more mundane criminal investigation division. Still, the facts of Aferdita’s presence and her background would be available and it wouldn’t take Hercule Poirot to connect the death of several of Enver’s associates to the kidnapping of his former girlfriend. Whether that would lead to a conclusion that a rival group did both or something closer to the truth was anyone’s guess.
The real issue was that ambassadors and diplomats everywhere hate to have things like this connect to them as it upsets their apple cart with no benefit to their own interests. One of the reasons our intelligence agencies are so risk adverse is the quick reaction of most of the Department of State to toss intelligence folks under the bus if an operation goes wrong in any way. DIA was a bit more protected perhaps, but even so, they would take some heat, as it was their operation that had brought Aferdita here and their responsibility to protect her. InSol wasn’t involved since my remit had ended a day or so ago, but DIA would pretty quickly put together the facts that Enver had reason to snatch Aferdita and that someone else, whose actions displayed a certain resourcefulness and ruthlessness, had killed three of his people on the same night in circumstances that indicated said individual was also a kidnap victim. My name would head the list for who could that be now. Sharing this with the Macedonian authorities wouldn’t be likely as it would only create issues for DIA and no one wants to reveal information about their operations to anyone outside the circle of trust. And despite decent relations with the US, the Macedonians were not inside on this one. So DIA would figure out that most likely I had been present, had escaped with extreme prejudice, to coin a phrase, and had concealed the fact as it would otherwise put everyone in a difficult place. Their response would most likely be gratitude…we are, after all, supposed to keep our employer out of trouble and they would have complete deniability on this. No evidence would show I was involved and if DIA never mentioned it the Macedonians wouldn’t know. They’d know the US wasn’t telling everything it knew but since the victims were mafia they wouldn’t really care. I’d get some strange looks inside the beltway down the road when bumping into someone in the know but I was used to that.
The bottom line was that as far as attribution was concerned, the client, DIA and through them the USG, was covered. That was nice but it also meant there was no motivation to look for Aferdita. I suspected the response would be to hold off, do some cell phone tracing and otherwise batten down the hatches and take no action which might threaten to expose US involvement. This wasn’t good but as I had no leads and no likely assistance without DIA’s goodwill, I’d have to embrace the suck on this one. I couldn’t determine where Enver was without at least tracing his phone through the network, something DIA could do but I couldn’t. I needed them and could only hope they’d let me play along on this. This left the issue of how to bring them in without losing deniability. I sat in my hotel room and pondered this conundrum as the sun rose over Skopje. I wasn’t making much progress when I was interrupted by the ringing of my room phone.


Chapter Fifteen
I moved faster than I would normally, snatching up the handset and answering before the second ring. The caller was Mark, the DIA HUMINT guy with whom I’d been dealing. Exactly the person whom I’d been trying to figure out how best to approach. That problem was now solved.
“There have been some developments of an extreme nature. We need you to come in as soon as possible. Can you be here by 0600?”
“Sure, no worries. Can you give me some idea of what’s up?”
Mark paused a moment and when he replied there was a note of careful consideration in his voice.
“No, it wouldn’t be secure. Are you all right? Have you been involved in anything unusual tonight?”
“I had a date which turned out quite well but while that is maybe unusual given my track record it isn’t stop the presses news. I’ll shower and be in ASAP.”
“OK, I’ll alert the Marine at Post One,” Mark replied.
Thirty minutes later, Glock carefully hidden in the BMW, I was presenting my passport at Post One and a few minutes after Mark was shaking my hand. We did the usual polite greetings as we walked toward the section housing the DIA offices. Mark seemed both subdued and on edge and I prepped myself to be shocked and angry when presented with the news of Aferdita’s kidnapping. After all, there wasn’t much else they could be calling me in for and I needed to play it consistent with the story I had ready to tell.
Once we were safely ensconced in a side office, fresh coffee in hand, Mark ran a hand through his thinning hair and then shook his head. He was a decent guy, late thirties and with a strong work ethic and sense of duty. I liked him and was glad that I would be able to keep him out of the shite. I figured he’d see the truth eventually but would also appreciate my giving him and his boss, a full bird, plausible deniability. He seemed a bit more rattled than I expected but then again it isn’t every day you get an asset snatched out of a safe house.
“I really don’t know how to tell you this and wish to hell I didn’t have to. I guess straight up is best. Sometime last night, probably early morning, Aferdita was kidnapped from the safe house. Someone forced entry and took her out. There are some signs of a minor struggle and no witnesses so far. We figure Enver for it.”
I kept my face carefully blank, something that would be expected. We get bad news about friends and comrades in this business and you learn to stonewall your emotions at those times. Mark was watching me sadly, nodding as he let what he thought was a shock sink in.
“OK, here’s the worst part. We figure Enver because of a note found on her body. It said “There are plenty more where this bitch came from.” There was nothing else, but the note was written in Albanian.”
I was nodding as he spoke, just taking it in. It took a second for what he’d said to hit me.
Body? What the fuck? He’d only say body if she was dead.
Something of my sudden comprehension must have shown because Mark nodded again and then reached out as if to steady me.
“Yeah. Sorry you have to hear it this way but Aferdita is dead. Shot twice in the back of the head. Her body was dumped near the gypsy section of town. The safe house shows signs of her having a guest over last night. I’m gonna guess that was you. Which makes this even more shitty than it ought to be. And, of course, I have to ask…were you there? Do you have any idea what happened?”
There have been times in my life where I’ve felt the cold numbness that accompanies emotional shut down. Times when the truth was simply too great a weight to bear immediately and the mind, seeking to preserve its ability to maintain rational behavior, cuts off the part of you that feels. I slipped into that same icy depth now. It felt like I was hearing Mark through a tunnel, as if this were a strange dream sequence. Of course, I knew it wasn’t a dream. Some part of me had been thinking all along that this would be how it would end. That part slapped the rest of me across the face and brought me out of my mental deep freeze.
I ran my hand across my face, ordinarily a sign of potential deception but under the circumstances more readily explained by shock.
“Dead? Fuck. I know you have to ask, don’t worry about it. Yeah, I was there last night, had dinner and…things took their natural course, you know what I mean?” I looked at Mark who was nodding sympathetically. Keeping my eyes on his I continued. “I left around midnight, maybe one o’clock. I didn’t see anyone unusual.”
I stopped as if considering and then burst out angrily.
“Shit. I didn’t see a goddamned thing. They had to be there, probably watching and getting ready to move. I must have missed them. If I hadn’t been so fucking slack maybe…”
I stopped, the emotion choking me. It wasn’t feigned. I really did feel awful and responsible although not exactly for the reasons Mark thought. I hadn’t been quick enough, hard enough, good enough to save a woman who, more than most people I knew, deserved saving. If I hadn’t been so fucking quick to kill, if I had wounded one of the mopes and questioned him, maybe I could have gotten to her in time. I felt the sorrow and the anger hit me and I had to set the coffee mug down carefully before I gave in and hurled it across the room. My eyes were filling and I ran the back of my hand across them quickly, taking deep breaths and regaining my composure. I felt like shit, not just because of the loss and pain but also because of the need to hide the truth. I clamped down on myself, getting my equilibrium again and turned back toward Mark. His expression of empathy was genuine and he stood and motioned vaguely to his left.
“Look, I know this is hard and unexpected. Don’t blame yourself. We figure the same thing. They set up, saw you there and waited until you left before making their move. It’s not your fault. We didn’t anticipate them either and frankly have no idea how they got onto the safe house. Our CI folks will be combing the local staff records and doing everything we can to find the leak. It’s not on you, man. You weren’t operational and nobody had a reason to suspect this might happen. I’m gonna go get another cup of coffee. Take a minute and I’ll be back. Here, let me get you a fresh one too.”
Grabbing my still full cup, Mark left quickly, leaving me alone with my thoughts and my guilt. The problem was that I should have been expecting it. I’m the paranoid son of a bitch after all. Just crossing a border and dropping into an Embassy safe house which I hadn’t set up or vetted wouldn’t have met my standard if I’d been operating. And yeah, I’d handed her off and stood down but still…I couldn’t escape the sense of failure and loss. And even worse, it felt like I’d blown her only hope by not trying to take a prisoner and make him talk. I shifted focus, trying to push it all away for a more appropriate time.
Like, say, after I was dead myself. I wasn’t going to sleep well for a long time, if ever.
My mind turned to what Mark had said. Someone had to have penetrated security enough to not only know Aferdita was here but also where she was hidden. That meant an inside source, someone who had betrayed the secret for whatever reason. Looking at the locals made sense but I flashed on the guy Aferdita had met at Enver’s party. The American, Eric, the one Aferdita had thought was somehow connected to Enver’s confidence in dealing with the unknown threat of what he thought was law enforcement. If he was in a position to access DIA info perhaps he was the link, the conduit through which the info came. I knew Mark had his description as it had been part of my report and debrief. I was also sure Aferdita would have mentioned him. Eric ought to have the CI hounds on his trail very soon.
Mark returned with two new mugs of coffee. We talked, my emotions now under control. I gave him a rundown of my sanitized story and saw no signs he doubted me. He would have no reason to until the Macedonians made the connection between the shootings and the safe house and shared it with the Regional Security Officer. Then he would make the connection as well. He’d also understand that my disclaimer meant the USG was safe from blowback. He could continue to state, truthfully, that so far as they knew, I hadn’t been there when the kidnapping occurred, they had no reason to believe otherwise and there was nothing connecting me to either scene. If somehow I was found to be connected it would be simple to blame it on me and toss me to the wolves. That is, after all, the bargain we make.
I floated the idea of Eric as Enver’s source. Mark frowned at that and tried to shift the subject. I pressed, and after he hemmed and hawed a bit he finally told me that Eric was a case officer with “another agency.” This didn’t exactly violate the law against revealing the identity of covert intelligence personnel but was sufficient in context for me to understand that Eric was running Enver for another spook shop. Most likely the CIA but it was possible for him to be a member of any of several different organizations. This wouldn’t be unusual. Different groups work different sides of a lot of issues and info sharing and deconfliction is something national security intelligence has never done well. Law enforcement does much better but then the stakes are higher in terms of not only personnel directly involved but also personal responsibility for bosses who create a blue on blue situation.
Eric was probably running Enver as a source and Enver had turned to him for protection. That was normal. CIA has protected criminal sources in the past; they are undoubtedly doing so now and will in the future. It’s a necessary part of dealing with criminal sources. After all, the honest folks aren’t privy to the plans, operations and capabilities of the criminals. You have to deal with the folks who know which means those folks have to be dirty if they are to be of any use. There are lines though and helping such a source commit murder, especially of another agency’s asset, is a big step across that line. No doubt Eric had some rationale which enabled him to make that call. Or he was dirty, something possible when you consider the amount of money the Serbian Mafia has to throw around. Most likely he was just being expedient in a way he felt he could get away with and which tied Enver closer to him. Whatever the goal was, I didn’t care. There were things I suppose I’d sacrifice unknown innocents for as well. American innocents for one. And my hands were far from the cleanest. But the simple truth was whatever Eric’s reasons, they made no difference to me. I didn’t know in a legal sense that he’d been responsible but unless the CI investigation turned up evidence that a local was responsible, Eric was the guy I would hold accountable.
Not legally, of course. I would expect Eric to have been fully backstopped, to be able to show he wasn’t the only person with the information and then to counter attack by suggesting leaks in DIA, the Embassy and everyone else involved. In the end, unless someone turned up something concrete, DIA would write it off as a bad deal. Mark would make a note to watch Eric in the future and Eric would sail on, happily running Enver. He’d survive unless he’d been very careless and I doubted that would be the case.
This likely result, Enver and Eric living happily ever after, was entirely UNSAT. Still, I could do nothing now. I felt myself switch on to full operational mode. I began to play the game again, giving Mark and later the investigation team from the RSO exactly what they needed and wanted to hear. I sold the story, perfectly vague where it should be, detailed where it had to be and consistent throughout. No one mentioned a polygraph. I wasn’t a suspect after all, but I’d have gladly taken one and, as I knew from past experience, beaten the damn thing. I managed to gain some additional information in the process. Eric worked out of Vienna, no agency attribution. Enver was back in Pristina, acting as if he’d never left. And the trackers had stopped working the day before Aferdita was killed.
I held myself together for the two days it took to complete my part of the investigation. I never asked to see the body. It was just decomposing meat and seeing it wouldn’t bring closure. I already had a last sight of her that was staring in my nightmares and would for a long time. The one I’d had for the last two nights featured Aferdita, stumbling toward her death, hair falling over her face, looking up through it at me and, tears in her eyes, asking why, why didn’t you save me? I didn’t need to see a corpse and add that to the mix. Fortunately no one offered to let me view the body which spared me dealing with the issue. I finally left Skopje, driving south to Athens where I would turn in my rental BMW and put an end to KVSPARROW. I reached Athens, turned in the BMW, stashed the Glock and took a flight to Paris. The rudeness and melancholy of the French fit my mood better than the festive cheer of the Low Countries. A week after I arrived I called Mark to check on the progress of the case. He had no reason to speak to me about it but, being a decent guy he let me know they had no progress. The Counter Intelligence team had found no indications of an internal leak and the books were closed. I thanked him, shut off my phone and hurled it into the Seine.
The next few hours passed in a fog as I stalked the streets of Paris. I finally stopped at Notre Dame, the Gothic extravagance and elegance calming me and bringing on a reflective mood. I sat in a nave, quietly alone in the dimness with only myself for company. I considered my options. I had lost something I couldn’t even begin to name, something I couldn’t articulate to myself and which I was afraid to examine too closely for the fear of the deeper loss I’d feel at the possibilities dimly glimpsed and now gone forever. That loss was caused by someone else’s actions. Someone to whom I could put a name, a face and a location. I needed closure, something to help me sleep at night, something to restore balance in an unbalanced world. I walked from the church feeling a sense of wellbeing, a spiritual uplift which was due to decisions quite out of line with the values of the builders and occupants of the edifice. Still, one phrase ran through my mind like a chorus offering praise to a dark god.
Payback is a bitch. And I’m her favorite son.


Epilogue
Koha Ditore
English Language Edition
23 December 2011
PRISTINA
Gasmend Krasniqi
Violence caused by organized crime shocked Kosovo yesterday. The Hollywood Club, a popular nightclub frequented by the international set, was the scene of several murders. The Kosovo Police Service reports that at 10:00PM a Caucasian male approached the entrance to the hallway leading to the offices of the club. Upon being stopped by club security personnel, the male stabbed the security guard in the neck, killing him. This act was witnessed by several patrons and bar staff. The male then entered the hall way and disappeared from view. Shortly thereafter, two explosions were heard. Police state that the explosions were caused by two hand grenades which were thrown into the office of the club owner, Enver Saddiqi. Saddiqi and two associates were killed in the explosions. The male suspect did not reappear and is presumed to have exited through a fire door. This door exits onto an alley where police found the body of another club security guard. Police state that they believe the attack was a result of a war between different organized crime factions. Saddiqi has long been rumored to have organized crime ties. Police do not have a good description of the suspect as the Hollywood Club is notoriously dimly lit. Witnesses stated the suspect was German since this was the language he spoke when ordering. Police do not have a suspect at this time but are vigorously pursuing all leads.
.
Austrian Times
25 December 2011
VIENNA
Renate Klinghoffer
Tragedy arrived today at a time more commonly associated with celebration. Eric Miller, 46, an employee of the US Embassy, was found dead in his residence. His body was discovered by friends who had arrived for a Christmas party. Miller had apparently fallen down his stairs and suffered severe injuries. The Coroner states death was caused by a broken neck although numerous other broken bones and injuries were contributory. Police are ruling out foul play as a cause. Miller had a blood alcohol content of .230, almost three times the legal limit in Austria. Although not characterized as a heavy drinker, friends did acknowledge that Miller was fond of parties and had been especially looking forward to this Christmas season. Miller is survived by his fiancé, Billjana Popovic. Ms. Popovic is employed at the Embassy where she worked together with Miller in the Consular section.


Now and then I dream of Aferdita. The dreams are pleasant as are my memories of our time together. On other nights, my sleep is deep and undisturbed.
ENDOP


Glossary of Terms
BOLO: Be On the Lookout for. This acronym is common in law enforcement and certain military elements of the US and Canada.
CIA: Central Intelligence Agency. The primary US civilian intelligence collections, analysis and operations entity in the US Intelligence Community.
Commando Bob: A disparaging reference to those who employ overly elaborate or unnecessary tactical procedures.
CYA: Cover Your Ass
Dangle: A penetration technique whereby a target organization is presented with what appears to be a useful intelligence source. In reality the source is “dangled” in order to penetrate the target or provide operational access to target organization personnel or facilities.
DIA: Defense Intelligence Agency. The primary military intelligence collections, analysis and operations entity in the US Intelligence Community.
DOD: Department of Defense
Double Tap: The delivery of two rounds in extremely rapid sequence. Ideally the second round is fired immediately upon the weapon coming back into battery (i.e. the slide resetting on a semi-automatic or the cylinder locking on a revolver).
ENDOP: End Operation. Verbal shorthand for the completion of a planned event.
False Flag: An operational technique whereby the intelligence entity presents itself as having a different allegiance or composition than is the case. The Israelis for instance, are much more successful in recruiting Arab agents when those agents think they are working for European entities. A false flag thus increases recruitment and operational possibilities while adding another layer of misdirection if the operation is uncovered.
GOSINT: Gossip Intelligence. Joking reference to the inclusion of innuendo to inform intelligence analysis.
KISS: Keep It Simple Stupid
KPS: Kosovo Police Service
MUP: Ministarstvo Unutrasnjih Poslova. Yugoslav and later Serbian Internal Security Police.
NOC: Non Official Cover. An officer of an intelligence organization, generally a case officer, who is living and working without diplomatic immunity. His or her actions are inherently illegal in the country where they are performed.
OPSEC: Operational Security. The term is generally used in reference to keeping secret things secret. Loose lips still sink ships.
OSCE: Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe.
PIO: Public Information Officer
RUMINT: Rumor Intelligence. See GOSINT above.
SDR: Surveillance Detection Route. Counter surveillance pattern of travel designed to permit observation of possible surveillance operation.
SOP: Standard Operating Procedures
UCK: Ushtria Çlirimtare e Kosovës. The primary Albanian organization fighting for independence of Kosovo and protection of the Albanian population.
UN: United Nations.
UNMIK: United Nations Mission In Kosovo.
UNSAT: Unsatisfactory
USG: United States Government.
UXO: Unexploded Ordinance.
