Like Twigs In a Storm
Originally entitled Fortitude and Fate
© 2012 Ross Richdale
*
Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
*
While converting a closed country school into a summer batch near Wellington, New Zealand, Steve Garnet meets neighbour, Lavina Ryland. Their friendship soon develops into a romance that hurtles them into danger and changes their lives and the life of Lavina's daughter, Cathy forever. 
Grant Ryland learns about his wife's infidelity and, in a drunken rage, drugs Lavina, Cathy and Steve. He abducts them and abandons the trio on an isolated mountaintop airstrip above bush-covered ranges, at least four day's walking distance from the nearest road.
Facing an onslaught of life-threatening perils, including frostbite, raging icy rapids, and violent storms, the trio struggle to survive like twigs in a storm.  Can they overcome the grave odds against them? 
Join this brave trio as their strength and love is repeatedly tested and they learn what it really means to be a family.
*

CHAPTER 1
The faded yellow sign still warned traffic that there was a school ahead, but Steve Garnet knew better. After all, this was his latest acquisition. His tender for the Upper Forks Road School buildings and ten acres of land had been accepted and he was now the proud owner of this strip of countryside, a two-hour drive from the city. The last forty-five minutes of his journey, however, was along a narrow gravel road, which zigzagged up a hillside, down the other side and into an amazingly fertile valley of rolling farmland.
 After he parked his Jeep Wrangler in a slightly widened pull off area, Steve climbed out and walked up the concrete drive. There it was, the two-classroom school, wooden, a century years old but still solid and in a good state of repair. The grass around was short and, by the droppings dotted everywhere, had been kept that way by grazing sheep. To his left was a collection of wooden outbuildings: a toilet block, play shed and woodshed still half filled with firewood.
 He walked to the door; reached for the bunch of keys the land agent had given him and inserted the largest one in the lock. It turned with ease and the door swung open without a sound. Oiled floors and slightly musty smell of a closed interior hit his nostrils but the long corridor with pegs along the interior side looked clean and fresh. There was even a child's raincoat dangling on a peg next to the yellow classroom door. Under the outside windows a row of white porcelain sinks sat ready for use.
 The place seemed lonely and empty but in others ways, felt ready to receive children to come running in. It was like a school on Sunday afternoon waiting for the youthful crowds to arrive on Monday morning. Yet Steve knew the children had gone now; the school had been closed for at least five years and had been sold as redundant government property.
 The cheeky tender he had put in, sight unseen had been accepted so all of this was now his.
 He smiled to himself, walked into the closest classroom and gave a grunt of satisfaction. The afternoon sun bathed the room in light. This was typical of these old schools; all built the wrong way so they were shady in the morning and hot in the afternoon. A group of children's wooden desks were still there and even faded artwork and notices were pinned to the wall. An old square chip heater sat in a corner with its steel chimney towering up to the roof. Steve could imagine the children gathered around it on a frosty morning with red hands and faces getting warm. Back in his own school days at a small school, not too different from the one he was now in, they used to toast their sandwiches on the heater at lunchtime. The smell of burning wood and scorched bread still tickled his memory as a warm fuzzy feeling of security and peace.
 Bye Old School. Merry Xmas, the yellow and red chalk writing on the blackboard could still be read. With this was a conglomeration of children's names sprawled across the board and half a dozen children's sketches, some smudged out but others still quite clear.
 Steve walked out and along the corridor to the second classroom. This one looked dusty and deserted with only a few pieces of debris lying around. It seemed that before its closure only one room of the school was in use. Another door at the end led into a tiny staff room, still equipped with a sink, small stove, zip water heater, small table and a wooden couch with a mattress on it. Once again, the room appeared clean and tidy. He turned on a tap and after initial discolouring, clean water ran out.
 A polite cough made him glance up. A woman with short dark hair stood in the corridor. She had a faint, almost shy, smile on her face. His first impression was that she was attractive, of average height and appeared to be in her early thirties. She wore casual jeans and a light blue jersey.
 "So you're the one who outbid us in the tender for our school," she said in a pleasant educated voice and laughed. "It serves us right. We thought nobody would bother to tender so put in a price way too low."
 "Yes, actually I am," Steve replied and introduced himself.
 "Lavina Ryland," the woman said. "We farm the adjacent property and those are our sheep grazing the school football field. I'll move them out for you."
 "No, leave them," Steve said. "I have no animals to keep the grass down so, if you don't mind, they can stay there."
 "I see." Lavina glanced at him with hazel eyes. "Can I be rude enough to ask why you bothered to buy the property?"
 "Sure," Steve said. "I'm a computer consultant in town but like the outdoors." He shrugged. "I guess I bought it on impulse with a vague idea of converting it into a hideaway-cum-dormitory. There are numerous bush walks around and this could become a place to stay for my friends or myself."
 "So you aren't just interested in moving the building out," Lavina said. "That's what happened to the school house. One day a truck moved in and it was gone in a matter of hours."
 "No, my first thoughts are to keep it as it is. I only took it over this week."
 "I'm glad," Lavina said with a whimsical, almost sad expression. "I guess this is the last link to what was once quite a thriving little community." She smiled again. "I taught here, married Grant, a local farmer, and fourteen years later I'm still here."
 She walked into the first classroom and waited while Steve followed. "I came back and taught the last term before the school closed. It was down to twelve children. There were forty when I first came."
 "So all this was done by you?" Steve smiled and nodded at the blackboard.
 "Yes," Lavina said grinning. "I guess I should have cleaned it off years ago. I've been the de facto caretaker as we leased the land from the government. I've kept the building clean. The locals used it for an occasional meeting but there aren't even many of those now. Everyone drives down to the hall on Lower Forks Road. I think this was last used as a polling booth for the election. We must have had one of the smallest number of voters in the country. I was polling officer." She stopped and bit on her lower lip. "Oh here I go reminiscing again. Please forgive me."
 "Sure, that's fine. I thought I was completely alone. It's good to meet a local."
 "One of the few," Lavina said. "There are only half a dozen families left in the valley now. Even the farms have amalgamated. The dairy factory and the local shop shut down before my time. We even had a hall once but it burned down ten years back." She gazed around the room and sighed. "The school was the last thing to go. They don't even run a school bus up here any more. My daughter was on correspondence."
 "And now?" Steve asked.
 "Cathy goes to boarding school." Lavina once again sounded sad. "She's only twelve but we thought it was the best thing for her."
 She chatted away for a few more moments before saying she must be off and excused herself. Steve escorted her to the gate and watched as the pleasant young woman climbed in an ancient Land Rover.
 "I live just around the corner," she called out the window. "Feel free to visit any time you're here. The kettle is always warm."
 "Thanks," Steve replied. "I might just do that."
 He watched as the old farm vehicle drove away, then turned and went back to lock up. The early spring shadows were already crossing the playground and a chill was in the air, a reflection of the higher altitude of the area.
 Steve returned to his jeep and sat deep in thought for a few moments before he started up and headed back to town. He was glad he'd bought the old school. It had distinct possibilities. In his mind's eye he pictured a dormitory in the second room, the main classroom as a living area and somehow the vision of his visitor came back to complement the picture.
 *
Steve's home at 23 Ashley Grove was a large modern two-storied house with a double garage, and immaculate lawn. Inside there seemed to be two of everything, including two spacious living areas with balconies overlooking the hillside below and the city beyond.
 It was not a happy home though. In fact, Steve tended to live in only half the building since his wife, Trish, had left.
 With busy work commitments, Steve didn't return to Upper Forks Road School for three weeks. The spring was now moving into early summer and it was a hot cloudless day when he drove in with a trailer load of supplies behind his Wrangler.  In his agreement with Trish he had shifted out of his home and into an apartment downtown. The garage at his house had been emptied and there was no room at the apartment, so he had decided to bring his workshop out to the school. Most of the gear that he had inherited from his father, a builder, had been barely used and he thought the power saw and other items would be useful at the school.
 "So this is the great holiday camp," Noel Capra, one of Steve's employees and a personal friend from high school days commented. "It looks in pretty good condition."
 "Yes, I was pleasantly surprised," Steve said. "Everything's there. We'll need bathroom facilities and perhaps a bigger kitchen." He showed his friend around and the two men lifted the equipment from the trailer into the second classroom.
 "Come on, let's look around the property," Steve said. "I haven't even been down the back yet."
 After a walk around the boundary and admiring the bush covered hillside across a steep valley the pair ended up at the old swimming pool; a fifteen-meter rectangle surrounded by a high wire netting fence and padlocked gate.
 "This would be great if you got it filled and filtered." Noel grinned. "Do the filters go?"
 "I have no idea," Steve said. He found the padlock key from his selection and opened the gate. Apart from the inevitable grass and weeds growing through cracks in the concrete, the pool looked in good order. There were even faded paintings of fish beneath the few centimetres of slime and mud that covered the bottom of the pool.
 "The filter looks okay," Noel called out from the wooden shed at the end of the enclosure. He stuck his head out and grinned at Steve. "If you like, I'll have a play around here for a while. If we can find where the water supply comes from…"
 Steve knew Noel was a real handyman and could get anything working. "Sure," he said. "I want to go and check out the school."
 "Yeah, I'll give you a hand there, too," Noel replied, but he was already absorbed in checking out the filters.
 Steve smiled and strolled back across the small crumbled weed strewn tennis court to the classroom and let himself in. With the power now on, he found everything worked well. For over an hour he worked at cleaning the rooms before he stopped for a break. He started drawing a floor plan of the building in his laptop when, once again, a polite cough interrupted his thoughts.
 Lavina, dressed in shorts and white tank top, caught his eye. He immediately thought how attractive she was with tanned limbs, curved figure and short but not severe hairstyle.
 "Hello again, Steve." She smiled. "Got a worker slogging it out over at the pool, while you're playing computer games I see."
 "Hi, Lavina," Steve replied and flushed at his innermost thoughts. "That's Noel. He's the handyman. I'm full of ideas but when it comes to practical work, I'm all thumbs." He turned the computer screen in her direction. "I'm sketching my ideas for converting the corridor into a bathroom and kitchen unit."
 "Can I have a peek?" Lavina stepped close to glance over his shoulder. He could smell her presence, the clean smell of hair shampoo and soap together with a faint whiff of perfume as she bent over to see his plan.
 "You've got quite a talent, here, Steve." She turned so her eyes gazed into his. They were wide and smiling, almost like Trish's back in those earlier student days.
 "Yes, well," Steve muttered. "You feed in the data and the computer can create different scenarios. I'll show you." He pressed a few keys and a three dimensional drawing of a kitchen unit appeared, showing a new wall, door and sink unit in what was now just the corridor.
 Lavina stared at the screen. "That's great."
 "It's one of the programs my firm has refined," Steve continued. He found it so easy to talk to this woman he'd only met once before. "There are several available from the big firms overseas but they use huge amounts of RAM. I wanted one that could be used in a home computer…" He stopped and smiled. "I'm rambling, aren't I?"
 "No. Keep going. I'm interested."
 Steve grinned and spent several moments showing her his ideas for converting the old school into a small lodge with sleeping for a dozen or so visitors.
 “Steve,” Lavina said quietly when he'd finished, "I think your idea is grand. This is what the valley needs." She stood up and grinned. "Actually, I came across to invite you up for afternoon tea. Your friend too, of course."
 "That's kind of you. I'd love to come."
 "Great!" she said. "Make it forty minutes. I think I told you last time; I'm at the white house just up around the corner to the right. You can't miss it. See you soon."
 "Thanks." Steve's eyes followed her as she walked out and past the classroom windows. Just before she disappeared from sight, she turned, smiled and gave a tiny wave. 
 Steve turned back to his laptop but found his concentration had gone. He switched the computer off and strolled out into the sunshine to find Noel.
*

 Chapter 2
 Over the next two months, Steve visited Upper Forks Road School every weekend, sometimes with Noel and Geraldine, Noel's wife, but often by himself. Builders were employed and after a two-week stint, all the interior building alterations were complete. The walls were in, as well as new doors, a sink unit and other fittings. A plumber had installed two showers, modernized the sinks and declared the school water supply and septic tank in good condition. Everything was still in a raw state as Steve planned to do the painting and other renovations himself.
 Every time Lavina turned up, Steve's attraction towards her grew stronger. Though nothing was said, he was sure the feeling was mutual. She rarely talked about her own life but on the few occasions, she mentioned her husband, her voice lost its sparkle and became listless...almost sad.
 Steve thought about her one late Sunday evening on his way home. That was the trouble, he thought about this woman too much. Whenever his mind wandered during the day, she would appear in his mind, smiling and smelling so clean and feminine when she brushed close to him. This weekend had been different in that he had met Grant Ryland, her husband. The man had been a pleasant enough sun-baked farmer in wide hat and work clothes but appeared years older than Lavina, and older than Steve himself.
 "I was young and impressionable," Lavina had commented one of the few times she'd mentioned her husband. "Just a second year teacher in my first permanent position. Then Cathy was on her way and we got married." She never elaborated but her eyes gazed sadly into the distant hills. "That was what good girls did in the country then. Attitudes are twenty years behind the city out here."
 That was when Steve almost tucked his arms around her. "Stupid bugger," he swore to himself and changed gears of the jeep on the top hairpin bend and headed down to the highway towards home.
*
Summer came with the school holidays and Steve found a new visitor to Old Forks Road Lodge, as he had renamed the property. He was painting the second classroom and was high on a plank held up by two steel trestles when two girls in their early teens walked in.
 "Hi," a slim girl with blonde hair tied back in a ponytail called up at him. "I'm Cathy Ryland and this is my friend, Donna." She nodded to her companion, a redheaded girl with shy smile and freckled face.
 Steve glanced down and immediately saw the resemblance between Cathy and Lavina. "Hi girls. Want a job painting?"
 "Well, if you pay enough,” Cathy said and hesitated before she spoke again. "Mum said you've got the old swimming pool in operation and wouldn't mind if we had a swim."
 "Sure!" Steve said. "I was over there earlier. It's unlocked. Come any time. Tell your mum I'll give you a key."
 "You can tell her yourself," Cathy said as the two youngsters laughed. "She's coming up the drive now."
 Steve grinned as Lavina approached and apologized for her precocious daughter.
 “No problem. I could tell she was your daughter by her good looks and pleasant nature." Lavina's eyes met his for a second and Steve flushed at his forwardness. "I'm sorry. I just meant Cathy is a nice youngster."
 "No, I'm honoured,” Lavina replied, fixing him with a serious look. "Steve …"
 "Yes?"
 This time she flushed and glanced away. "It doesn't matter," she whispered. "Thanks for letting the girls use the pool. I thought I might go in too. It's nice and warm out in the sun."
 Steve grinned. "I had half a dozen keys for the pool cut. Take them and give them out to any locals who want to use the pool. I'd leave it unlocked but it could be an invitation for all sorts of riffraff."
 "Thanks." Lavina smiled and walked out across the grounds.
 Steve scratched his chin in wonder. It wasn't what was said, but rather what wasn't said that made him tingly inside. He dipped the brush in the paint bucket and began on the next wall, half-heartedly did one more section before he cleaned up and tried to look casual as he wandered over to the pool.
 Noel had done a marvellous job with the filter and the water in the swimming pool was crystal clear. The girls were screaming in delight and Steve noticed Lavina sitting on a towel in her togs. She glanced up as he walked through the gate.
 "You should come in," she said in a quiet voice and bent forward to wipe her hair. "The water's perfect."
 The tiny bikini left little to the imagination and Steve grinned. Lavina glanced up, flushed and wrapped the towel around her shoulders, almost as if she could read his mind. Her smile, though, was still warm and left him wondering about his feelings. Since Trish had left, he'd dated a few women but had never taken anyone seriously. 
 Lavina in front of him now, had done no more than become a friendly neighbour but Steve found himself in waters he didn't understand.
 "The true academic deep in thought aren't you?" Lavina said in a mysterious voice and jolted him back to the present. 
"Sorry." Steve grinned and tried a white lie. "Cathy and her friend made me think back to my own school days. I went to a tiny country school like this and over the holidays we practically lived at the school swimming pool."
 "We tried keeping the pool open after the school closed but couldn't afford to do it. The next season the filter broke and that was that." She shrugged. "Plenty of locals wanted to enjoy the amenities but couldn't be bothered contributing to the cost. I think you're the girls' most popular person at the moment." Their eyes met again. "Well, are you going in?"
 "Yes," Steve replied, seeming strangely hushed. "I'll get my togs."
*
 Steve had a week off work and had come up that morning, prepared to stay for a couple of days. But now he'd decided on taking a cowardly retreat back to town. He had to admit he was attracted to this married woman who was not even separated. His quite conservative background fought with his feelings. When he arrived back at his apartment, he tried to do some computer work but couldn't concentrate.
 "Oh hell!" he snorted and went down to the pub for a drink.
 "She got to you didn't she?" Noel sat down at the small table where Steve was sipping his beer.
 "Who?" Steve replied with a self-conscious grin. Noel was the company he needed at the moment.
 "Lavina Ryland. Who else? She's one good looking woman, Steve."
 "Yeah." Steve stared into his drink. "A local farmer's wife."
 "So?" Noel said. "From what I heard, her marriage is on the rocks as much as yours."
 "But she's still living with the guy. At least Trish and I are separated."
 "I know." Noel poured himself a drink out of Steve's jug. "I have a funny feeling that might change soon." He clapped Steve on the shoulders. "Just keep a low profile for a while, mate, but stay around. I think she has a lot on her mind and could do with a little help."
 "And where did you sort that out from?" Steve grunted.
 Noel grinned. "Geraldine's an expert on women and their moods so drink up and relax. You're doing well."
*
Steve visited his school half a dozen times over the following three weeks and saw Cathy on every visit. The two girls accepted his offer of ten dollars an hour to help him paint. They did the undercoat in all the rooms and were remarkably conscientious and careful. With old clothes and sloshed paint everywhere over their clothes they really looked the part after each two-hour painting stint. Afterwards they'd change into togs and run out to the pool for a swim while Steve had another session of painting. In those weeks though, Lavina never came near. Steve thought he may have offended her but decided it wouldn't be prudent to visit her house. He thought about her often as he painted away; it was the type of job he could switch to automatic and let his mind wander.
 By the following Sunday afternoon and the school's redecoration was almost complete. Donna had gone home feeling pleased with the money she'd earned and the twenty-dollar bonus Steve had promised if the girls didn't slop paint on the windows.
 "Well Steve, that's about it," Cathy said grinning at the kitchen wall she'd just completed. She took off the old hat she'd been wearing and shook her ponytail out. "God, my arms are aching."
 Steve climbed down from the trestle where he'd been doing the ceiling and ran an eye over the youngster's work. "It's good," he praised. "I couldn't have done better myself.”
 "Yeah, you go too fast,” Cathy scolded and Steve realized how she sounded like her mother. She looked like her too, in the facial features and easy smile.
 "I won't stay for a swim today," Cathy said. "It's a bit cold out there and with Donna gone home it's not as much fun swimming by myself."
 Steve grinned. "Yes, I'd better head back to town. I'll get your pay." He strolled over to his jacket and peeled off some twenty-dollar notes to hand to the youngster.
 "That's too much," she gasped. "Mum will go bonkers if she knows you gave me that much."
 “I gave Donna a bonus when she left. You've done another four hours in the three days since then, spilt no paint on the windows or floor and did a marvellous job. You keep it."
 Cathy's eyes lit up. "Thanks, Steve. Mum said I could go into town and buy myself some new label jeans when I had the money." She screwed her nose up, ran some hot water into a sink and began to scrub paint off her arms. "They cost over a hundred bucks."
 "How is your mother?" Steve asked, forcing a casual voice.
 "Oh, Mum's been pretty moody lately," Cathy replied and gazed out the window. "Poor old Mum."
 "Why?"
 "You men," Cathy replied, pouting.
 "What do you mean?" Steve frowned. "What have I done?'
 Cathy flushed and flung her head around so her eyes peered into his. "No, not you personally, Steve. You're okay. Men in general and Dad in particular."
 Steve stirred his bucket of paint and tried not to appear too interested but Cathy just kept talking. "Mum and Dad had a big row last night. They thought I was asleep but I heard every word." She grinned. "Mind you I had to sneak downstairs to listen. "
 "Perhaps you shouldn't have," Steve scolded.
 Cathy shrugged. "It was the usual thing. Dad can do what he likes but as soon as Mum even talks to someone, he goes bonkers. They think I don't know but I do."
 "Know what?" Steve said quietly.
 Cathy gazed at Steve and furrowed her brow. "It's well known in the valley that Dad was having a fling with Janice Ludlow. Probably still is. Her father booted her out and she moved to town. Dad and Mr. Ludlow had one hell of a fight a few months back and they just about called the cops in. Mum never said a word but just went all quiet." The twelve year old looked up. "Then you came along."
 "Me!"
 Cathy stopped and swallowed, "I'm sorry Steve, I've said too much."
 Steve nodded and walked across to the bench where there were a couple of tins of coke. He tossed one to Cathy and sat down at the table. He wanted to ask more but felt it wouldn't be fair to Cathy to be too inquisitive.
 "Promise you won't tell!" Cathy continued. She popped the top of the coke can and took a sip.
 Steve nodded but couldn't look the youngster in the eyes.
 "She was happy up until that day we were all swimming together. Dad and her had another terrible row that night and Mum was in tears. I think she's fallen for you, Steve. That's why she doesn't come over." Her eyes caught his. "There, I said it! I think I'll go for a swim after all."
 Before he could reply Cathy jumped up, ran out of the room and across to the swimming pool. Steve watched her swimming in the distance for five minutes before he gritted his teeth and walked through to the old school telephone. It was disconnected but the telephone book from several years before was still there. He thumbed it through and found the number, "L & G Ryland, Upper Forks Road"
 With the adrenalin flowing, he walked out to the jeep, grabbed his mobile phone and punched in the number. With his luck, it was probably changed anyhow.
 On the fourth ring, the phone was answered. "Good afternoon, Lavina Ryland speaking."
 Steve almost turned his phone off but swallowed. "Lavina, it's Steve."
 "Hello Steve," she replied in a cautious voice. "Is Cathy being a nuisance?"
 "No," Steve replied. "She told me something which I promised not to repeat."
 "Go on."
 "I don't know what to say," Steve stuttered.
 "Since we're on the phone, Steve, wouldn't it be a good idea to tell me why you called?" Her voice was completely neutral.
 "Cathy said you've been having a hard time. I'll give you my town and work telephone numbers. If you'd like to visit for a chat any time, you're most welcome. I mean…" His voice trailed off.
 "I'll write them down," Lavina replied. The voice was now almost cold. "But I can't promise anything. Thank you for your concern."
 Steve felt an utter fool but gave her the details and hung up. "Bloody stupid thing to do," he cursed and shrugged at himself. Well, he'd made his move. She'd probably be too embarrassed to come near him again.
 *
 Steve was at work in the office on the following Tuesday morning when his receptionist poked her head in the door.
 "Personal phone call for you, Steve," she said, chuckling. "Sultry voice. Sounds a real honey."
 "Thanks, Suzanne," he replied and reached for his phone.
 "Steve, it's Lavina."
 "Hi Lavina." His heart began to bounce in his rib cage. "It's good to hear your voice.”
 "Is it?" Her voice held that same neutral tone as the Sunday before. "I'm in town and would like to meet you for lunch if you can spare an hour or so."
 "Okay, I'm sure the boss will let me off." He winked at Suzanne.
 "I've taken the liberty and booked a twelve thirty table at the Royal Duchess Restaurant. Do you know it?"
 "No, but I'll find it. See you there."
  "The woman you've been mooning over for the last month?" Suzanne smiled after Steve hung up.
 "Is it so obvious?"
 "Not really. I thought you covered things up quite well, to tell the truth. Enjoy yourself but remember; you've got that three thirty appointment."
*
The Royal Duchess Restaurant was in one of those international hotels, very up-market with crisp white table clothes and waiters hovering. A red cord was hooked across the entrance and Steve almost felt he should whip back to the apartment and put a suit on.
 "You look just grand," a soft voice said behind him and he felt a soft arm link into his. Lavina gazed into his eyes and gave a nervous smile. She was dressed in a dark business suit with cream blouse. This was the first time he'd seen her out of casual clothes and, if anything, they made her look more desirable than ever.
 The meal was expensive and elaborate with wine and complimentary chocolates but it suited the situation. After the main course, Lavina dabbed her lips with her napkin and gazed across at Steve.
 "Tell me about yourself, Steve," she whispered. "I mean your family. You've told me a little but I'd like to hear more, if that's not being too personal."
 Steve reached across and took her hand in his. "Trish and I are separated and just waiting for the statutory two years before we get a divorce.” He filled her in on the details of the house and apartment. “We're definitely finished. I think she's found a different partner; the first only lasted a few months." He grimaced. "And yourself?"
 “Oh Steve,” Lavina said. "I'm so muddled up inside. I was only twenty-one when I married Grant. He's ten years older than me. I told you I was pregnant with Cathy but I never told you I'm his second wife." She stopped and wiped a tiny handkerchief in the corner of her eyes. “I remember Nancy as a tiny stooped shouldered mousy person with pursed lips who was about his age. They were still living together when he impregnated me, there was a rush divorce and I became his new wife. Stupidest thing I ever did."
 "Why?" Steve asked in a kind voice.
"My husband is domineering and extremely jealous. He used to be quite violent in our earlier days but since I began standing up for myself a few years back, the violence stopped. He just goes off and has affairs with young women but if I as much as talk to a male he goes into a sulky fit for weeks." She shrugged. "That's better than the violence. I told him five years back if he laid another hand on me, I'd take Cathy and walk out”.
 "So why do you stay with him?"
 "For Cathy's sake. She's all I have, Steve." She stopped and waited while a waitress removed their plates. "But she's getting older now. God, I've missed her this last year when she's been at boarding school. She's going back next week."
 "Cathy told me about a Janice Ludlow." Steve decided to admit his knowledge of this information.
 "Did she?" Lavina looked surprised. ''I guess I can't hide anything from her any more. She'll be thirteen soon and knows as much about life that I knew at twenty. Janice Ludlow is his latest fling. She's only about the age I was when I met Grant. She moved back to the valley after spending a couple of years at university but is back in town now.”
 "So what now, Lavina?"
 The woman looked at him and blushed. “I think I have feelings for you, Steve and want to know what you want. Is that blunt enough for you?"
 Steve felt an immediate physical reaction and was glad a table was between them. He took both her hands and gazed into her eyes. ”Lavina, I want to help you in any way possible. I'm a free agent with only one commitment at the moment." He grinned. "How's that for a direct answer?"
 Lavina frowned and pulled her hands away. "One commitment? And what's that?"
 "You. Any time you want me; I'm available; just to talk to or... " He stopped. "Oh hell. You know what I mean?"
 "I think I do, Lavina replied and reached across and kissed him gently. Her lips felt so soft, tasted of waxy lipstick and made his own tingle. Her eyes were moist with tears but she was smiling. "Our coffee has arrived and we've been here almost two hours. Haven't you an appointment soon?"
 "An hour yet," Steve replied. "There's plenty of time."
*

Chapter 3
 It was Thursday evening about nine and, as usual, Steve was thumping away on his computer. When he heard a light tap on his apartment door, he opened it to find Lavina standing there with wide eyes and a serious expression.
 "Can I come in?" she asked quietly. She was dressed in a white blouse, skirt and light jersey
 "Sure." 
 She walked through his living room and turned around. "If you want me, I brought my nightie," she said in a hoarse voice. Suddenly her eyes brimmed with tears and she ran out of the room up the tiny corridor.
 Steve followed and caught up with her by the bathroom door. He slipped his hands on her waist and turned her around. Tearful eyes from an upturned face found his.
 "I've never ever been unfaithful before." She sniffed and took a handkerchief out.
 Suddenly arms were flung around his neck, lips met and the soft kiss became frantic as mouths opened and tongues slashed. Steve reached down, slid a hand to her blouse, undid three tiny buttons and his fingers ran along the frilly bra inside.
 The flesh was warm and soft but Lavina pulled back. While he watched, she stared straight into his eyes, smiled and slipped off her blouse. She unclipped her bra and let it drop to the floor so she was nude from the waist up. Her breasts were large, erect and heaving in nervous anticipation. Steve could see the line between the tanned skin of the bikini top and the soft white skin beneath with light brown nipples. Without a word she grabbed his two hands and placed them against her taut nipples.
 "My God, Lavina!" Steve gasped and within seconds he was kissing them while she held on, sobbed and quietly stroked his hair.
*
Steve lay back, bathed in perspiration while the woman he'd just loved kissed his lips as their orgasm slowly retreated. For several moments, they just clung to each other until Lavina rose up on her elbows so her eyes could find his.
 "You're what I call a real man." She giggled for a moment before she flushed and turned serious. "You must think I'm a real hussy."
 "No, I think you're a beautiful woman that I love."
 “Do you, Steve?" she whispered in a serious voice and kissed him. “Or is it just the lust?"
 “Oh just lust," he teased.
 Lavina smacked his shoulder and wriggled off the bed. "I'm meant to be at a friend's place but she promised to cover for me." She took his hand. “You've made me feel wonderful, Steve but can we be discreet for a while until I work things out?"
 "Sure, you know where I am."
 "And I promise I'll visit you at school. I wanted to but…"
 "I know," he said. "When I saw you in that bikini at the swimming pool …"
 "And tried so hard not to stare at me," Lavina giggled.
 "You knew!" he gasped.
 She nodded. "That's why I stayed away. I thought you might just be a lonely man needing sexual gratification and you'd drift off if I didn't encourage you." Her eyes twinkled. "But it didn't work out that way, did it?"
 "No. If it wasn't for Cathy's comments though, I wouldn't have phoned you know. Even then, if I'd really thought about it I would have chickened out."
 "But you did, Steve. If you hadn't I would have found some way to contact you, I'm sure."
 She kissed him once more and stepped across to the lift that had opened behind her. Steve grinned and walked back inside his apartment. What a night. Never in his wildest dreams did he think it would turn out like this. Never had he been so aroused, even in his early days with Trish. It was like being alive all over again. He smiled and walked into the living room where the computer was playing a colourful spiral pattern. In his haste the evening before, he hadn't even remembered to turn it off.
 *
 After that day, the world seemed somehow brighter for Steve. Problems at work became minor and weekends at the lodge were an automatic activity. True to her word, Lavina always appeared and would just sit and chat, help do the gardening, or help with the new bunks Steve was making with his late father's gear. Every second weekend when Cathy was home from school she accompanied her mother and would never stop talking.
 Physical contact between the lovers was discreetly avoided except for every Thursday night when Lavina stayed with Steve. This was the evening she attended a night class at the local Polytech. Prior to their affair, she had stayed with Alison Watson, a close friend who wholeheartedly supported Lavina's clandestine affair. They more than made up for enforced abstinence during the week with desperate love making from almost the moment Lavina arrived about nine in the evening until she reluctantly left about twelve hours later.
 "My husband approves of me extending my education," she said one Thursday evening, laughing. "Mainly because he has a cute little arrangement with Janice Ludlow to do the same thing we're doing."
 "What about Cathy?" Steve asked.
 Lavina smiled. "She knows about us but we both pretend she doesn't. Mind you, last Sunday after you left she came up to me and said, 'Don't let Steve get away, Mum, now will you?'"
 "I like Cathy. Trish had a miscarriage a few years back. That's the closest I've come to being a father."
 Lavina looked at him in a strange way. "There's still time, my love," she whispered almost to herself and then kissed him with a passion he was still getting used to. "Cathy's quite taken with you, too, you know. When your firm got the contract to set up those Internet connections at her school and you walked through the corridor she was thrilled."
 "Yeah." Steve laughed. "Cathy, Donna and her friends zoomed in on me like bees around honey. I've never been mobbed by pre-teenage girls before."
 Friday morning came again too soon and Steve watched as Lavina drove away. He smiled and drove to the office. He felt as though his life was like a rainbow in the sky with the sun shining before the thunderclouds roll in, something beautiful but transitory.
 *
 Tuesday morning was a quiet time at the Auckland Metropolitan Art Gallery, not that the crusty old building ever really had a busy time. Arts in the city was reserved for the three percent of the population who expected, and received, money poured in from city coffers far in excess of their needs. However, because the academic elite decided this was good for society, the snobs usually had their own way.
 Anyhow, that was how Laurie Ellis felt. So why should millions of dollars be tied up in a motley little painting a few hundred years old so half a dozen stupid old ladies could gaze at it each week? The interesting point, though, was that an art gallery in Amsterdam wanted this painting by a guy called Rubens and they were prepared to pay big money for it.
 That was what companion Petra Roberts had told him. Everything had been arranged by Petra's associate, whom she'd only referred to as the boss. His part was to steal the painting and get it to an aircraft. The boss had arranged for it to be taken south to a remote area and hidden where it couldn't possibly be found. Once the heat was off eight months down the line, Laurie had to collect it from the same airfield and bring it back to Petra who was going to fly to Singapore to meet up with the Amsterdam collector. For his effort, he would get a cool ten thousand dollars. Not bad for two days work.
 Petra had been the kingpin in the planned theft. She was the one who had obtained a position as assistant curator at the art gallery and, over the last month, methodically recorded everything about the art gallery's security system. It was tight but had a few flaws.
 Tuesday morning was one such time. Between eleven and noon on that day, the small side bay where the Rubens was displayed had the infrared alarms and pressure pad behind the painting turned off so the cleaning staff could dust the frames and surrounding area. The whole operation took about five minutes before the alarms were turned on again and the staff moved into the next section.
 During that time, one security guard stood watch, communicating by radio with the hidden control room in the cellar. It was this one guard who specified when to turn the alarms off and on.
 "Okay, switch Bay Six off, Alexis," Griff Turrell muttered into his hand held radio seconds before a balaclava enshrouded man stood at the entrance to the bay waving a revolver and screaming.
 Griff reached for his own automatic when there was an explosion of gunfire. Shrapnel ricocheted from a wooden beam behind him and a splinter sliced through his cheek.
 "Get down!" screamed Laurie Ellis. "Everyone on the floor! On your stomachs, hands behind your heads!"
 He cuffed Griff on the side of the head and the security guard collapsed, bleeding.
 The cleaning lady turned white and dropped in a panic. Petra, who had the job of supporting the security guard, couldn't help smiling at the theatrics of it all as she also lowered herself onto the floor.
 Within seconds, Laurie had the Rubens painting off the wall and replaced it with the bare frame he'd brought with him. He glared at Petra. The instructions were for the benefit of the cleaning lady who would be able to confirm that she was also a victim.
 "Get the alarm on again," he snarled.
 Petra played the part perfectly. Acting terrified, she nodded, took the radio from the unconscious guard and spoke into it. "Petra here. Griff's got the trots he reckoned and has gone off to the toilet. You can turn Bay Six back on."
 "Right Petra," came the bored reply.
 Laurie walked over to the trembling cleaning lady. "If you move before five minutes is up Maureen, my girl, I'll tell your boss about the money you've been nicking from the weekend takings. Get it?"
 "How did you know that?" Maureen stammered. Her crinkled face was a picture of misery as the man just glared back. "Okay, I don't move for five minutes. I've got that."
 "You're coming with me!" screamed Laurie at Petra and the pair headed for the back door.
 However, as they walked through the exit an alarm began to wail.
 "Oh shit!" Petra retorted. "I didn't know about this. There must be a triggering device on the painting."
 "Now you tell me, you stupid bitch," Ellis hissed.
 He tore down the tiny alleyway to where their third accomplice was waiting in a Toyota, stolen for the purpose.
 "Quick!" Laurie snarled as he jumped in the passenger seat and slammed the door. "Plan B, Murray." He turned to Petra. "Give us time to get out of sight, then scream blue murder."
 "I know," Petra muttered.
 The car started moving just as another security guard reached the alleyway and Petra ran up to him. "They're in that car," she sobbed. "I thought they were going to make me go with them."
*
 As soon as the Toyota turned into the busy through road, sirens sounded and a police car approached from behind.
 "Shit that was quick!" gasped Murray.
 "A bloody door alarm we didn't count on went off, " Laurie replied with his face set hard. "Don't lose your cool." He gave curt instructions on his mobile phone. "You know the route."
 The driver nodded and accelerated just as a second police car turned in from a side road with screaming tyres. They were now squeezed between the two cars.
 "And you said we didn't need this alternative plan," Murray hissed and glared at Laurie.
 "Okay, I was wrong. If Petra had found out about that extra alarm…"
 "Okay." Murray smiled grimly. "Hang on, we do our sharp turn in the next block."
 "Right," Laurie muttered.
 Murray ran a red light into the next block and was now almost overtaking the police car in front. However, at the last moment he cut across the inside lane, braked, turned at a right angle, bounced over a road hump and entered a multi-storied car park building.
 "The cops are flowing us!" Laurie hissed.
 Murray grunted, turned the first tight corner to Level Two and drove to the next level.
 "They're just coming up the other end, " Laurie reported.
 "Good!" Murray snorted, turned the next bend and headed towards an opened door with the words Private Park painted in yellow letters across the top. He screeched to a stop inside and the door closed behind them just as the police car appeared.
 At the other end of the floor, an identical Toyota, driven by two little old ladies employed by Petra, disappeared around the corner with the police car close behind.
 "Quick!" snarled Laurie. "The place will be sealed within minutes."
 The two jumped out and hauled the painting into a small red van. The garage door opened and they drove out sedately, found an exit and reached the street just as two more police cars screamed to a halt in front of the white Toyota.
 "Shall I head to the airfield?" Murray asked in a calm voice.
 "My bloody oath," Laurie replied, wiping his brow. "We just about stuffed it up." The two men turned and grinned at each other.
 *
 Twenty minutes later, the red van pulled into a small airstrip, sixteen kilometres south of the city well away from the main commercial airport to the west.
 "Drive up to the aero club hanger," Laurie ordered. "You'll see a high winged single engine Cessna with the registration ZK HTG there."
 The van pulled to a halt and a man ambled towards them. "You're late," he muttered, holding his hand out. "Name's Grant Ryland. Have you got the package?"
 Laurie shook his hand. "There was a minor hitch but we came through okay. Petra said you own a high country sheep station a few hundred kilometres south and will be looking after our package for us."
 "Yeah." Grant grinned. "I've got a little wine cellar at home. It's perfectly dry and is never used. In fact, I don't even think Lavina, the wife, knows it exists."
 "Good," said Laurie. "You know the whole plan, I take it?"
 "Yes, I store it and fly it back up to this airport in about eight months after I receive a coded letter from Petra. For that I get my second half of the twenty thousand." He sniffed. "Talking about the money…"
 "Okay," Laurie snorted and handed Ryland a small cardboard package. "Ten thousand is there. Count it if you wish."
 "No need, " Grant replied. "After all, I have the painting now."
 He watched as the painting, now covered in the brown paper, was placed in the back of the Cessna. He shook hands with the pair again climbed aboard and started the engine.
 "I don't like him," Murray complained as the tiny plane lifted into the air. "He seemed a bit slick for me."
 "He must be reliable or the boss wouldn't have hired him." Laurie said.
 Murray frowned. This was the first time Laurie had mentioned somebody other than Petra. He stared at the other man but decided to ask no questions.
 "Okay," he said. "Now let's get you across to Auckland International Airport."
 Laurie nodded. "I had my face covered and the cleaner lady was shit scared but Petra said I should fly south for a few weeks." He shrugged. "Who am I to argue?"
*

CHAPTER 4
 The expletives reached Steve before he saw the speaker.
 Grant Ryland stood at the open door of the first classroom with a face like thunder.
 "Excuse me?" Steve replied and stretched up from where he had been sanding a new table.
 "I said no upstart young bastard from the city can keep fucking my wife and get away with it!" the man screamed and moved his right hand to show a hideous looking weapon like a Very Pistol, one of those used to fire distress flares, rather than a revolver.
 Steve swallowed bile. Thoughts rushed through his mind and for that fraction of a second he was sure he was about to be shot. His mind raced. Should he dive for cover, charge the man, plead innocence or scream that this bastard had mistreated Lavina for a dozen years? He gave a shrug and fixed the man with a firm stare.
 "Do you have a problem, Grant?" His calm voice, in no way reflected the inner turmoil.
 Ryland glowered and hesitated. The barrel of the weapon lowered slightly but the eyes were still wild in almost uncontrolled fury. "You're having an affair with Lavina," he stated in a quieter voice.
 "And I believe your activities with Mrs. Janice Ludlow are not altogether innocent," Steve retorted as anger replaced his initial fright.
 "You leave me bloody out of this." Ryland's voice rose again and Steve regretted his statement. The last thing he needed was to further aggravate the man.
 "Okay, Grant," he forced his voice back to calmness. "What say we talk about this rationally? Put that very pistol, or whatever it is, down. Shooting me is going to solve nothing."
 "Yeah!" Ryland grunted, raising the weapon so it pointed directly at Steve who felt sick inside. He wanted to rush Ryland, knock him to the ground and scream that a bastard like him didn't deserve someone as kind and loving as Lavina.
 However, Ryland was still talking. "I've been no angel, I guess. That's why I'm giving you all a fighting chance."
 "What do you mean?" Steve's face paled. It appeared this was more than an angry outburst of a man who had just discovered his wife had been unfaithful.
 "You'll see." Lavina's husband grunted. "Do one thing wrong and, I promise you'll never see your mistress again; her daughter either if it comes to that."
 "What have you done?" Steve spat through clenched teeth. He moved a step forward with clenched fists and eyes blazing. He knew he was a decade younger than Ryland and could easily match him if it came to a fight… if it wasn't for the gun.
"Simmer down, boy," Grant Ryland was now the calm one facing an irate opponent. "They're quite safe, but unable to communicate at the moment." He grinned and wiped his unshaven stubble, "
 "Why you..." Steve stopped when the man clicked back the safety catch on his weapon.
 "That's enough talk. Just do as I say and nobody will be hurt. First, pack up here and lock up like any normal Saturday afternoon. You'd better get your jacket on, too. It's cool out there."
Steve did what was asked and within a few minutes was driving his jeep Wrangler to Ryland's place. The sheer frustration of not knowing or being unable to retaliate made Steve's blood pressure boil. As his thoughts turned to Lavina and Cathy, he crunched through a gear, something he never normally did and turned into the driveway of the white house.
 "Go around the back. Next to the woolshed is an implement shed with one door open. Drive in and stop but leave your hands on the steering wheel," Ryland directed. "One false move boy…" His blue eyes cut right through Steve.
 "Okay," Steve said. "I get the message."
 The shed was a long corrugated iron structure with four large roller type doors along the front. The one, second to the right was open. Steve slowed and drove into the semi-dark interior. He found himself next to a single engine high wing monoplane. The door on the near side was open. Steve searched the aircraft for somehow he knew it was extremely important. At the back of the cockpit, he could see a blob of dark hair leaning against the glass. It was not moving!
 "Lavina!" he cried in anguish.
 "Observant of you," Ryland grunted. "Welcome to my trusty old Cessna."
 Steve wasn't listening. In one frantic leap, he was out the jeep door and running the ten meters towards the airplane without any thought to his own safety. He almost made it.
 Grant Ryland stood beside the jeep, raised his pistol and fired.
 Steve felt as if an express train had hit him, a red-hot needle pierced the back of the thick windbreaker he was wearing as he staggered forward. His arm reached a support bar of the aircraft's wing; he grabbed it, swung around and could see the interior. Lavina and Cathy were both slumped in the back. Steve blinked as a cloud of purple shot across his vision. Lavina and Cathy appeared to be asleep but not injured.
 Steve soon realized that he'd been hit by something that was not a bullet. He felt woozy but in a last desperate effort, he reached behind his shoulder and yanked a small dart from his shoulder blade, staggered and dropped to his knees. The scene went out of focus as he turned to see a distorted vision of Grant Ryland grinning at him.
 "An anaesthetic dart, my friend," Ryland snorted. "Used to bring down the big stags in the deer paddock. Works well on humans too, you see."
 Steve heard no more as everything shimmered white and he collapsed onto the wooden floor. The last thing he remembered was the smell of straw, cow dung and other farmyard aromas engulfing his senses.
*
 The car engine was so noisy and what a bumpy road! They must be on the back road to the school. Would Lavina be there today? Steve hoped so. He could see her gentle smile, but it wasn't real. He was dreaming. His eyelids felt like lead. For some reason it was important to wake up but he couldn't remember why. He forced his eyes open and the memories rushed back.
He was in an airplane flying over a dense valley of bush. He'd been kidnapped and Grant Ryland was sitting beside him piloting it. He shuddered, shook his aching head and pulled himself up.
 "So you're awake," Ryland muttered. "That's good. You can help unload."
 "What's happening?" Steve muttered and gazed around. Lavina and Cathy were still slumped unconscious in the back.
 "I gave 'em a needle to keep them out," Ryland said. "Can't have bloody nagging females screaming and bawling, now can we?" Steve stared at the man. Thoughts of retaliation swept into his mind but were immediately discarded. He wasn't a pilot so, like it or not, the three of them were at Grant Ryland's mercy.
 "This is the situation," Ryland ambled on in a voice that was too casual. "I'm a gambling man and, you wouldn't believe it but I like you, young fellow. Bloody great job you've done fixing the old school and letting the locals use the swimming pool was real kind. I guess it's not your fault Lavina here got her hooks into you."
 "Get to the point," Steve growled. Ryland glanced at him and Steve noticed the man's enlarged pupils. Steve had seen pupils like those before, round and dark with a lighter circle around them. He shuddered. Ryland was under the influence of some drug, which could be why the conversation was so casual. Steve wiped his dry lips and contemplated his next action but realized that at the moment all he could do was to try to pacify Ryland.
 "Oh yes," the farmer grunted, "I'm giving you a chance. If you come through, you can have Lavina. Cathy too, if you wish."
 "What chance?" Steve said calmly.
 "I'm dropping you all off on the top tussock. You have supplies for four days and a small tent. If you can make it out, you're home and hosed." He shrugged. "Of course the weather's turning to the worse and I heard snow's on its way in. I'd say you've got about a twenty percent chance of making it out. Normally it would be a three-day hike."
 Steve stared at the man. "That's just cold blooded murder," he whispered. "That's your wife and daughter at the back there. My God, man, just dump me off but take Lavina and Cathy home."
 "She's no wife of mine," Ryland's voice turned hard. "A slut who sleeps around doesn't deserve to live."
 Steve swallowed. "But Cathy!"
 "Yes, I was thinking about that. Sweet kid but she can be a ripe pain."
 Steve was no longer able to remain calm. "You're insane," he burst out, clenching his fists.
 "Would you rather I just tossed you all out? As I said, I'm a gambling man. I'm gambling you won't make it out." He laughed. "If you do, you can keep Lavina. Tell her if she comes to the farm again I'll use my shotgun. They're long odds, though."
 Steve clamped his mouth shut; frightened any comment would aggravate the situation. He watched as the bush and valley below changed to a high plateau of tussock. The flat area moved like an ocean as the brown plants waved in the prevailing wind.
 The pilot pushed the steering column forward, the engine rumble changed to a quieter pitch and Steve saw a narrow strip of stunted grass. A tatty orange windsock shook horizontally on a bent pole at the end.
 "Your new home is an old topdressing strip." Ryland laughed as a small, lethal automatic appeared in his offside hand. "One false move and you get it in the neck, Garnet," he continued, his tone now threatening "Bullet two will be the girlfriend and bullet three her daughter. You have their lives in your hands."
 "Okay," Steve muttered, moving his hands out wide. His eyes blazed with fury as he stared at this monster.
 "Good. I'll miss Lavina in some ways. Great figure."
 Steve gritted his teeth but said nothing as the aircraft's engine cut back, the flaps lowered and wheels touched ground. Moments later they had halted. Under Ryland's direction, backed by the automatic, Steve half dragged and half lifted Lavina and later Cathy out of the back seat and carried them away from the Cessna. It was freezing and an icy wind cut directly into him. He hauled three canvas bags out from behind the back seat and tossed them on the ground.
 "Shut the door," Ryland snapped. His frame was turned and the revolver aimed straight at Steve. "No last heroics. Think of the girls all by themselves."
 "Can I have that first aid kit?" Steve asked and nodded to the small tin container fastened to the fuselage just beside the door he was closing.
 "Sure, why not?"
 Grant Ryland watched as Steve pulled the item off the wall and slammed the door shut. "By the way, there's an old track down, due north. See yah in hell, buddy!"
 The engine roared and Steve flung himself to the ground as the pilot made a violent hundred and eighty-degree turn and a wing whizzed over Steve's head. The Cessna accelerated up the grass strip with the motor screaming at full revolutions in the high altitude. Wheels lifted, wings wobbled and it was gone. The engine sound faded and was replaced by the forlorn moan of wind across the tussock.
 Shivering, Steve pulled his jacket close. He had to make a shelter before everyone froze. After finding Lavina and Cathy's condition unchanged, he checked the bags. There was one heavy-duty sleeping bag that he unzipped and used to cover the two unconscious victims while he continued his inspection. Thank God! One bag contained a small tent.
 It took some doing in the freezing wind but Steve found a slight dip and clipped together the aluminium poles, hooked on the guide ropes and had the small tent assembled. He unzipped the front; dragged Lavina and Cathy inside over the blue fabric floor and zipped up the flap. By now, his hands were blue and every breath puffed out huge clouds of condensation. The next bag contained the rations, adequate for five days if rationed. There was a two-litre container of water, and a small gas cooker with a screw-in cylinder of fuel. The third had spare clothes for Lavina and Cathy.
 Grant Ryland was true to his word. Everything was designed to last exactly four days. Whether Lavina's husband was insane, a ruthless killer or reckless gambler, Steve didn't know, but at least they were safe for a while. He blew on his hands and decided to crawl into the tent to restore circulation to his numb limbs. He'd wait until the others woke up and then perhaps light the cooker.
 He wriggled in between Lavina and Cathy, zipped the tent shut and pulled the sleeping bag over them all. With chatting teeth, he lay looking at the orange roof above and held his lover and her daughter in a close embrace so slowly their body heat flowed into him and, for the first time since leaving the plane warmth returned to his aching body. Outside, the wind howled across the bent tussock. A large black cloud blotted out the sun and the temperature dropped.
*
 Fifteen minutes later Lavina woke up and stared, dumbfounded, at the tiny orange fabric surrounding her.
 "Steve!" she stuttered. "How did you get here?"
 "I'll explain," Steve said, moving slightly so both arms encircled her. He kissed her on the cheek and brought her up to date.
 "Oh my God, Steve!" Lavina's eyes filled with tears. "He was like a mad man. I thought he'd kill me at the farm!"
 "Forget about it," Steve soothed. "We're safe for the moment "
 "Cathy!" Lavina suddenly screamed. "She tried to protect me and he just flung her aside. I've seen him like this before. He could kill her… my God, Steve!" Her whole body shuddered as she buried her face in his chest. Huge sobs came and continued for several moments while Steve just held on, stroked and kissed her hair.
 "Cathy is safe," he whispered in her ear.
 "How do you know?" Lavina snapped. "You don't know! Grant was high on drugs. He could have done anything." Her sobs continued with large tears rolling down her shivering, white face.
 "She's with us, Lavina." Steve arched himself up on one arm so the twelve year old could be seen behind him. "Cathy hasn't woken up yet but her pulse is strong."
 Lavina stared. "Cathy," she whispered as her expression went through a series of emotions. "Oh Steve," she cried and hugged him again. "The bastard's left us here to die. I'm so sorry. I should never have come to your place that day. It's all my fault"
 "We will be okay, Lavina. We're together and have got Cathy. I wouldn't want it any other way." Steve gave a small grin and moved back into a crouch position at the front of the tent. "I'll get us something warm to drink."
 After zipping his jacket right up, he opened the flap and crawled out into the freezing air. He found the cooker and secured it in some loose dirt behind a small bank. Time ticked away but it wasn't too long before a small tin of vegetable soup was almost to the boil. As the soup simmered, Steve searched for some bowls or containers, finally finding three plastic mugs. His thoughts were racing, and he didn't hear Cathy stir.
 The girl's shrill voice filled the air. "Mum! It's all your fault! You know what's Dad's like! You didn't have to screw Steve."
 The zip of the front flap was yanked down and Cathy came flying out, her eyes red with tears. Without even glancing at Steve, the girl jumped to her feet clamoured up the small incline to the left and disappeared out of sight.
 Lavina's own tearful face appeared. "She doesn't understand. I tried to explain."
 "Okay," Steve said. "You look after the soup and I'll go after her."
 Lavina nodded and Steve chased after the girl. Freezing wind hit him as soon as he came over the rise but Cathy was already fifteen meters away on the short mossy airstrip, pounding her legs as if it were a hundred meter track race. She was fit and fast but Steve was faster.
 He caught her with a firm grab of the shoulders and waited for flinging arms and scratching fingernails to assail him, but they didn't. Instead, the youngster just turned and sobbed with uncontrollably into his chest.
 "Your mum loves, you, Cathy," Steve said quietly. "When she woke up, the first thing she asked about was you."
 "I know," Cathy sobbed. "I heard and pretended to be still asleep...but I was right."
 "How?" Steve said kindly.
 "If Mum hadn't sucked up to you, Dad wouldn't have got mad and done this!" She shivered and gazed out at the bleak tussock.
 "And your mum's unhappy life would have continued. I repeat, she loves you Cathy. She told me you were the only reason she'd stayed with your father."
 The youngster looked up. "But why did she go to bed with you?"
 "She was lonely… and so was I, and…" he stumbled over the words. "I love your mother, Cathy. Is that wrong?"
 "What you did was." She pouted but the anger died a little in her voice.
 "Yes it was," Steve admitted. "In a perfect world we wouldn't have sneaked away to be together. But if your father treated your mum with love and respect, she wouldn't have needed to find love elsewhere. Remember, it was you who told me how disgusted you were with your father."
 Cathy nodded and wiped a finger in the corner of each eye. "That's the trouble, Steve. I love Mum and I want her to be happy." She glanced up. "Why couldn't you have been my Dad, Steve instead of that pig of a man."
 "Perhaps if I had met your mum thirteen years ago, I might have been, but look at it this way. If it weren't for your Dad, there wouldn't be an intelligent young lady here with me right now. I'm sure he wasn't always bad."
 "No, only the last few years," admitted the girl, "He was good to me until I went away to school, then he changed. Mum and him would barely talk and when they did it was one big argument about the farm, money or his women. He just ignored me or snapped orders all the time. The more I tried to please him the more critical he became."
 "And your mum was going through that all the time, Cathy. At least you had a break when you went back to school."
 The youngster burst into tears again. "I was so lonely, Steve. I'd cry myself to sleep in the dormitory and the older girls teased me. When I was at school I wished I was home then at home I wished I was back at school."
 "Well that's over now but please don't blame your mum. You're all she has now."
 "No," sniffed Cathy. She stood away from Steve and swished her hair back.
 "What do you mean?" Steve asked.
 "She has you, Steve and I'm glad." A smile appeared through the tears.
 "We all have each other." Steve grinned. "I have no family so, with your permission, I'd like your mum and yourself to be my family, the three of us."
 "But I'm just a nuisance to have around."
 "Never, Cathy." Steve gave Cathy a gentle hug. "Never in a million years. Come on. Let's go back to the tent before we freeze."
 "Right, Steve."
 When she saw Lavina walking towards them, Cathy broke out of Steve's arms and ran into her mother's. "I'm sorry, Mum." She cried and buried her head in her mother's neck. “I love you."
 Lavina held her and glanced over the shuddering shoulders until her eyes found Steve. "Thank you," she mouthed and there was relief in her eyes. "Come on, sweetheart, our soup's getting cold."
 She walked back with an arm around Cathy but reached back with her other hand to find Steve. Cold fingers gripped his hand and squeezed so hard he had to smile. Somehow, he didn't even notice the cold wind buffeting them as they headed back to the warmth of their tiny tent.
*

CHAPTER 5
 "We have to get off the tussock before nightfall," Steve warned. "It's cold now but will be far worse after dark."
 Cathy stood shivering until Lavina placed the sleeping bag around her shoulders and told her to sit in the shelter of the bank while she and Steve took the tent down.
 "What way are we going, Steve?" Cathy asked.
 "Your father told me to go north where there's a track."
 "That means we go south," Lavina snapped. "I know Grant well enough to know he would never plan an elaborate abduction like this and volunteer information to make it easier for us."
 Steve frowned. "Are you sure?"
 "Yes," Lavina replied. She glanced out over the tussock where two white-capped mountains rose in the distance. "They would be pretty much to our north. We should go the other way." She smiled and hugged her daughter. "Don't worry. If this was a topdressing strip, the chances are there is a track of some sort to provide access for the service vehicles."
 "That's a point," Steve admitted. "Okay, girls. South it is."
 He handed the tent pack to Cathy and slung the heaviest backpack over his own shoulders. Lavina placed the remaining backpack over her shoulders and they were off. The wind was a westerly and pounded them from the side. The tussock provided only irritation as the sharp thin grass-like leaves hindered every step as they plodded on. After an hour, Steve took Cathy's bag and placed a supporting arm around her shoulders. Lavina slipped her arm through Steve's other arm and glanced up into his eyes. Their cheeks and hands were freezing but momentum kept the rest of their bodies reasonably warm.
 "Are we getting anywhere, Steve?" Cathy asked. Her blue lips contrasted sharply with the red perspiring face and neck.
 "Yes. See that tiny row of trees ahead?"
 Cathy squinted ahead. "Those? " 
 "That's right. That's the bush line where we're heading. The trees are much closer than when I spied them half an hour ago." He turned to Lavina. "Do you want to stop for a rest?"
 "No," she panted. "Let's keep going. It's four o'clock. It's less than two hours before the sun goes down."
 Steve felt exhausted but was overwhelmed at the fortitude of his companions. Neither of them complained or slowed him down; in fact it was almost the other way around with him having to increase his own stride to keep pace with them. The straps from the backpacks were beginning to chafe and he was sure the lightweight shoes he was wearing had caused a couple of blisters.
 With infinite slowness, the row of trees grew taller and the tussock changed to spiny bushes. The going was easier now with more room between the vegetation. The tussock petered out; the bushes became overhead height and blocked the view behind. Underfoot, the ground became muddy and they had to squelch along in single file with Steve leading and Lavina supporting her daughter from the rear. It was also warmer with the bushes cutting out the wind.
 Another hour passed and they were in shadows with the sinking sun out of sight. Still they plodded on. Steve felt Cathy's hand tucked into his belt and heard Lavina begin to sing a little tune he remembered from school days. Cathy joined in and soon they were all singing together as they moved forward.
 "Look!" shouted Cathy when they came to a small rise. "The bush!"
 Steve stood and placed an arm around his companions. They'd reached the edge of the plateau and there was now a steep descent to a tree filled valley. The large trees they had seen earlier lined the opposite hillside and now appeared to be above them.
 "Is that water I hear?" Lavina said. She reached up and kissed Steve on the cheek, flushed and glanced in embarrassment at her daughter.
 "Mum, I don't mind," Cathy replied in a serious voice. "You kiss Steve all you want. We're a family, now."
Steve smiled and rubbed her hair. "That is water," he said. "Probably the beginning of a stream. You can hear it bubbling over rocks."
They stopped talking and listened. There was the distinct murmur of a chattering stream and the call of several birds. After the monotonous howl of the wind on the tussock, it sounded positively friendly.
They reached the stream, a tiny tumble of water splashing over smooth rocks between two grassy banks. With just enough vision in the falling light to erect the tent, the trio set up camp before sitting down to remove smelly socks from aching feet. Steve did have two large blisters but Cathy's feet were in a far worse condition. Her little toes on both feet were swollen and a blotchy red and black. She winced but never complained when Lavina smeared on antiseptic cream and wrapped them with bandages.
Steve found a torch in the bottom of his pack and placed it by the tent flap for easy access and started the cooker. Water from the stream appeared to be clear of contaminants but Steve still warned against drinking it. 
"There should be some purification tablets in the first aid kit, " he said. "The giardia parasite is in most streams now-a-days." He fumbled through and found a sheet of foil encased tablets and added one to a pot of water. "It'll be fine by morning," he said.
 The darkness crept in, together with insects and night noises, hoots, crackles and the friendly stream cackling. After a small meal, everyone looked better. Steve had no extra clothes to change into so he just joked about walking upwind from everyone in the morning.
 "You'll have quite a stubble, too but I think we'll keep you around," Lavina said
 "Thanks." Steve grabbed her and rubbed his rough chin over her face before kissing her firmly on the lips.
 "Steve!" Lavina protested. "Cathy's here."
 "She slipped off for the call of nature." He laughed and kissed Lavina again.
 This time she responded with a passion he was starting to know so well. "But that's all tonight, young man," she retorted. "Understand?"
 "Yes, my dear," he answered.
 "Steve"
 "Yes?"
 "What are our chances?" Lavina's voice grew serious.
 "If you'd asked me just after you woke up I wouldn't have been very hopeful but I now think there is a very good chance. We have a stream to follow, are out of the exposed tussock and have food."
 Lavina nodded. "I love you, Steve," she added quietly and stood up. "You are the best thing that has happened to me in years."
 "Funny," he replied. "I was thinking almost the same thing. You're the best thing for me, too. When you're near me I feel complete. Perhaps fate has played a hand."
 "Even after this?"
 "Yes." He held her close and gently squeezed her breasts through her clothes as they kissed again...a long kiss of love and thoughts of things to come.
 *
On Steve's insistence, Lavina and Cathy crawled in the sleeping bag together and he zipped it up. Afterwards, he covered himself with as many items as possible and lay down beside them in the darkness. It was cold and uncomfortable but not enough so as to be dangerous to their health. At one point, Steve was so stiff he crawled outside and forced himself to run in place for several moments. He felt ridiculous but knew it would be foolish to try to run or even walk around in the pitch darkness. Finally, puffed but with the circulation restored, he crawled in beside his companions and lay down. A warm hand reached out and squeezed his and Lavina bent across in the darkness to kiss him.
 It was light when Steve woke to find a warm mug of instant coffee placed in his hand.
 "Men," snorted Cathy. "Always expecting to be looked after."
 Steve sat up, took the mug and smiled at the girl. She was already dressed and looked fresh and chirpy. "Thanks, Cathy. Sleep well?"
 "Once you and Mum shut up," Cathy said. "Then Mum rolled over and squashed me." She smiled. "If anything I was too hot."
 "Breakfast!" Lavina called out. "The choice of hot porridge or water. Take your pick."
 Steve crawled out and saw Lavina also dressed in clean clothes and looking as fresh as her daughter. "You look beautiful," he whispered when she glanced back.
 "You don't," she retorted. "You need a shave."
 "Yeah," he grunted and ran a hand over his stubble. "That's something I can't do much about, I guess."
 After breakfast, Steve suggested he go back up to the edge of the bush and walk along in an attempt to find any road or track but Lavina objected. "No," she said in a determined voice. "Wherever we go, we go together. I am not going to risk losing you."
 "I agree with Mum," Cathy added.
 "Okay," Steve responded. "I think we need to decide what to do, then. Shall we follow the stream down or go back up to the tussock and follow the perimeter around in the hope of finding a track?"
 "It's quite a way up back up through those bushes and there is no guarantee there is a track," Lavina said.
 "And if there is one it may cross the stream anyhow," Cathy said. "I think we should follow the stream."
 "Okay," Steve said. "We'd better be going soon, though and, Cathy you make sure your feet are re-bandaged."
 "Sure Steve." She grinned. "Will you do it for me?"
 Steve smiled and crouched down in front of her. He gently removed the bandage and inspected her toes that were still swollen and tender. “They're looking a little better,” he lied. Pouring some warm water left over from breakfast in a small basin, he dabbed her toes clean, applied more cream and some fresh bandages.
 "They went a bit numb when you warmed them and are pretty sore," Cathy admitted. "Especially the left one."
 Lavina frowned as she packed their gear. "I think you've got a fan for life," she whispered when Cathy was out of earshot. "If I had offered to wrap her feet she'd have snapped my head off."
 Steve grinned. "We're a family," he said. "Steve Garnet's instant family; what more could I ask for?"
 "A quick trip out of here for one," Lavina replied. "Second..."
 "Okay," Steve interrupted. He gave her a playful slap on the bottom and began to pull down the tent. The other two joined in and within ten minutes, they were on their way following the tiny stream down a valley between steep bush covered slopes. The cold air grew warmer as the sun rose and the dripping foliage dried out while, in some sections, sunlight filtered through the overhead trees.
 The groundcover, consisting of ferns, rocks and coarse grass was quite easy underfoot but Steve had to constantly bend his head beneath low branches while Cathy made a habit of tripping over vines that hung everywhere. The stream became wider and steeper with numerous little rapids and waterfalls but there were always rocks beside it to use as stepping-stones. By eleven, the three were hot and tired. Cathy had begun to limp a little and Steve offered to examine her toes again.
 "I think your shoes are a little narrow and are pushing your little toe in," he said after she peeled off a sock. 
"At least they aren't sore today," Cathy replied. She slipped her footwear back on and jumped up. "Come on, you guys. We'd better be going."
 With regained enthusiasm, she clambered to a lower rock and made her way further down.
 "Don't get out of sight," Lavina called as she made her way more sedately down the rocks.
*
 The stream was now a shallow width of water running between massive rocks piled on each other like a giant's stepping-stones. Small branches were often caught between the rocks and necessitated climbing over, around or under in order to proceed. On each side was a short grass area before fernery and larger trees grew on steep banks towering above the three trampers. It was like walking along the base of the letter 'V'.
 "Come on!" yelled Cathy. She was still in front and her nimble frame found the going easier than the two adults behind her. She leaped down one more rock and stopped.
 The stream had gone! In front was nothing but the sky above a hillside of thick bush across another steep valley. Cathy stepped forward for a better view when a small rock beneath the foot she'd just transferred her weight to, moved.
 She screamed and attempted to throw her weight backwards. Partially successful, she landed on her buttocks and skidded downwards. Desperate arms swung out, grabbed an overhanging branch and held on.
 Cathy stared down and gasped. The stream had become a waterfall. There was nothing below except a small sloping ledge and a vertical plunge into the depths below.
 "Help me!" she screamed as her arms began to ache and the grip on the branch slipped. She skidded three meters downwards over vegetation. With a rush of tumbling stones that bounced forward into the void she was propelled sideways and managed to land across a tree trunk that stuck out from the bank. She gasped and grabbed a branch above her with both hands. Her forward momentum was stopped but she found herself suspended above a waterfall. 
*
 As soon as he heard Cathy scream, Steve rushed forward. In three almighty bounds, he was at the position where she had slipped and saw her head disappear below as screams rent the air.
 "Oh my God!" Lavina gasped from behind.
 Steve looked at his partner's drained face. "It's okay," he said. "She's landed on a tree branch."
 He slipped his backpack off, handed it back to Lavina and studied the immediate surrounds.
 "Steve!" screamed Cathy.
 "Don't move," Steve called. "Hang on and look up at your mum or myself. I'll come and get you.”
 "You can't," screamed the petrified girl. 'There's no room."
 "Hang in there,” Steve forced his voice to be calm. "You're quite safe. That tree you're on is secure and will hold your weight. Don't look down, understand?"
 Wide eyes fixed on him. "Yes Steve." The voice was a little calmer. "My arms are aching.
 "Okay, slide your left hand along near your right one. Them move yourself forward towards the bank."
 Cathy looked terrified but managed to slide herself forward along the branch that she sat on.
 "I'm near the bank but there's nowhere to go," she sobbed.
 "Take a big breath, count to three and slowly let the air out. Do this four times, okay?"
 He watched as the youngster sucked air in, held it and blew out. This had a calming effect and her shaking body returned to normal.
 "Steve!" Lavina gasped and he looked up. Her face portrayed an inner turmoil almost as frantic as her daughter's.
 "Stay here," Steve coached. "It's actually not too steep. I'll go down and help Cathy up. When I do, I want you to make sure you're secure so can help when she climbs back up."
 Lavina nodded and edged closer as Steve turned and let himself down. "Tell me when my feet are inside where the tree grows out of the bank," he called down to Cathy.
 "A bit further to the left, Steve… it's hidden by leaves… Good, now if you hang on that branch by your knee you can swing down to my tree…" 
 It was only when he arrived near her, that Cathy lost her nerve.
 " I can't move," she cried. "If I let go…"
"Yes you can," Steve said. "It's only a meter or so. Just repeat what you did before and slide forward."
He stretched out until his hand reached her closest one. She stared at him, let the branch she was holding go with one hand and almost lost her balance.
"Steve!"
 He grabbed her hand and pulled her in. She was dead weight and her hand slippery but he couldn't let go.  With one arm wedged around the tree he was secure but Cathy was still suspended above the sheer drop.
"I've got you," Steve gasped. "Grab my arm with your other hand and slide in."
"I can't!"
"Do it!"
Cathy stared at him, swallowed and sort of launched herself forward with a plaintiff cry. She flung her arms around his neck and was, for a second, hanging over empty space with her legs dangling beside the branch.
Steve swung his free arm around and gripped her waist. She was slipping!
"Reach out with your feet. The branch is there," he gasped. "It will take your weight."
Cathy held him so tightly he almost choked but she managed to get one foot to the branch. It took her weight and Steve pulled her in.
 "We're fine," he said after he made sure they were both secure. "The climb back up is no more difficult than those we've tackled all day. I'll be behind you and your mum is at the top."
 "I can't, Steve! I'm scared!"
 Steve could feel the youngster shaking in his arms and see her wide eyes and blood drained face staring at him.
 "Of course you're scared," he replied in a quiet voice. "Only a fool wouldn't be. Just pretend you're back up on the trail and don't look down. If you slip, I'll catch you. Okay?"
 "I'll try."
Steve glanced up to where Lavina was firmly wedged behind a rock and reaching down. "Come on, sweetheart," she encouraged. "My hand is only a couple of meters above you."
 "Oh, Mum!" Cathy cried.
 Steve held her waist and gave the surprisingly heavy girl a shove up. She placed one foot behind another small tree trunk, used Steve's cupped hand as a support, and then his shoulder. She glanced down and froze.
 "Steve!" she screamed.
 "It's okay," he said, moving up behind. He grabbed a dangling foot and guided it over to the higher branch. "Put your weight on that foot, Cathy then pull yourself up to that rocky bit. Once you get your left foot wedged in there, you'll be able to reach your mum's hand."
 Cathy's chin was shaking so hard she could barely speak. Her foot reached the rock wedge but there was not enough momentum for her body to follow. Her balance was almost lost and she uttered a terrified scream.
 Steve grabbed her buttocks and heaved her up. Cathy reached out with her arms, found a clump of grass and pulled. Her second leg reached the wedge behind the tree branch and she pulled herself into the cliff. Perspiration rolled down her neck and body but she was secure.
 "Marvellous!" Steve said. "You're half way. Now use the rocks as stepping stones."
 "There's nothing to hold on to!" Cathy whimpered.
 "Stop and take those big breaths like you did earlier," Steve called. "Take four of them."
 Cathy could be seen holding her breath, mentally counting and breathing out and it seemed to work. Then she reached out, found a handhold, stepped up and grabbed her mother's hand.
 "I've got you, sweetheart," Lavina called out.
 Cathy fixed her eyes on her mother and continued up until finally she was in her mother's arms half laughing and half crying. 
Steve clamoured up and, within a minute, was in a massive bear hug with both Lavina and Cathy. The emergency was over.
"What now?" Lavina asked after they'd moved away from the cliff edge. 
 "We go back," Steve replied. "The cliff goes in each direction as far as I could see. There's no way down."
 He expected a retort but Lavina and Cathy both nodded in agreement and hitched the backpacks on. 
*
By mid afternoon they were back to the same place they set off from that morning and could even see the flattened grass where the tent had been pitched earlier.
 "Just like home." Lavina sighed and sat down.
 "I'll pitch the tent and then I'll go back to the top. You two stay here." He smiled at Lavina's concerned face. "No, Cathy's exhausted and so are you. There are a couple of hours of light. I promise I'll mark my way so I won't get lost. See you about five."
 "Okay, Steve." Lavina kissed him. Cathy jumped up and flung her arms around his neck and kissed him too.
 "You know Steve," she laughed. "You should grow a beard. I reckon you'd be cool with a beard."
 "I just might." Steve grinned, winked at Lavina and headed up to the tussock.
*
 A few moments later, Cathy was sitting up in the sleeping bag both her arms tucked around her knees and looking her old self again. "Mum, when we get out of here can we move in with Steve?"
Lavina sat down beside her daughter. "That's really up to him, isn't it?" she whispered.
 "I guess but he needs a shove now and then." She grinned. "Like when I got him to call you."
 Lavina gave a slight grin. "Have you a special reason or is it because you like him?"
 "Both," Cathy replied. "I haven't said anything but…"
 "Go on."
 "I want to leave my school." Cathy gulped. "If you don't suck up to the older girls they treat you like hell. I refuse to suck up to anyone."
 "Cathy," Lavina snapped. "Don't use that word."
 "But it's true Mum. If you lived with Steve, I could go to one of the ordinary schools. It'll save you a fortune in fees, too."
 "I thought you liked Emerson Heights Middle School."
 "The school itself is fine but I can't stick the boarding. You can't say I haven't tried. This is my second year there."
 "Okay." Lavina smiled. "Let's get out of here first. After that, we have lots of decisions to make. One thing I promise, though…"
 "What's that Mum?"
 "Whatever we decide it will be what's best for both of us. Is that fair?"
 "No!" Cathy replied. "The three of us. We should include Steve, now."
 Lavina gazed at her daughter's earnest eyes and decided Cathy wasn't just being light-hearted. If nothing else, the enforced trip into the bush had helped the two of them grow closer together.
 "The three of us sounds great by me," she whispered and stared out at the trees.
 Somehow, the situation they were in didn't seem quite the tragedy it appeared at first or could have been only a few hours earlier. She smiled at her daughter and went to see what she could cook for them all; something warm, Steve would be frozen on his return.
 "I'll help." Cathy appeared beside her mother. " I'm feeling fine now. We'll need to add a tablet to another pot of drinking water."
 She picked up the little pot and headed down to the stream.
*

CHAPTER 6
Steve was about to give up and return to camp when he spied what looked like a break in the shrubbery at the edge of the tussock. His watch showed it was twenty to five and sunset was only a little over an hour away.
 "Okay buddy," he muttered to himself. "I'll check here then head back."
 The tussock plateau was like a lake in the centre of the shrubbery, an elongated ellipse where the conditions were too severe for shrubs to grow. In his own estimation, Steve reckoned he had walked around south of the tussock and was now east of the camp. In theory, therefore, he could return across the centre so the journey back would be shorter.
 He pulled his collar up against the inevitable icy wind and lengthened his stride. It definitely looked promising. Grass rather than tussock grew and appeared to continue downhill. Steve walked further in and breathed a sigh of relief.
 In front was a rotting wooden sign. One side had become disconnected from the post it had been bolted to, so it hung down lopsided but the words were readable.
 Stainer's Track. Top Ridge Hut, 4 Hours. 
An arrow pointed downhill. Steve moved in closer and saw a small square of orange reflectorised metal. He knew there was usually a marker placed within vision of the one before it. He glanced ahead. The shrubbery was growing in and weeds and grass covered the area but another tiny orange marker was nailed to a tree trunk ahead. He walked to it, stood and looked around. Yes! There was a third nailed to a large tree at the beginning of the bush itself.
 Satisfied, he walked back and tied a large strip of material from the singlet he'd been marking the route with, around a tall shrub and gazed across the tussock. Clouds sweeping across the plateau were becoming thicker. They could descend within moments so he decided to return the way he came around the perimeter of the tussock rather than attempt to walk across the centre. With luck, he would still be back before nightfall and he had the torch if it was needed. Steve stepped forward with a renewed optimism and began whistling softly to himself as he headed back.
 *
By six, it was almost dark and a drizzly rain settled over the camp. Lavina tried, for Cathy's sake, to appear optimistic as they returned from the stream with two armfuls of old dry wood.
 "Steve will be fine," she said. "If we get the fire going, it will be a homing beacon for him."
 Cathy dropped her load next to the spluttering fire of smoke.
 "Hell Mum," she muttered. "The drizzle's put it out."
 "No," Lavina replied. "Put some of the small dry bits on and when it bursts into flames, add larger pieces. Once the heat builds up, the rain won't make any difference."
 Cathy nodded. "I'm getting cold." She shivered. "We need the fire to warm us."
 The pair sat down and coached the fire along so, within a few minutes, the kindling was burning fiercely and larger pieces began to ignite. The smoke became less as the heat increased and that wonderful smell of burning driftwood filled the air. True to Lavina's words, the drizzle around the fire evaporated and flickering flames became so hot Cathy had to shift back a few meters.
 The dancing orange light and smoke that seemed to be squashed by the drizzle overhead, disguised the increasing darkness beyond their immediate area. It was Cathy who looked out and noticed that the trees were now only dark silhouettes against a black sky.
 "It's getting dark, Mum. Will Steve be okay?"
 "He'll be fine. He has the torch and promised to mark the way. He's done a lot of tramping and knows what he's doing." She wiped a hand over her face and realized her hands shook a little as her eyes focused on the slope above.
 *
By nine thirty Lavina was worried, extremely worried. Cathy was asleep and wrapped snugly in the sleeping bag in the tent, the fire was still burning and a pile of red embers formed a solid base. Lavina moved closer to the flames and, using a long stick, moved the unburned outer sections of wood into the hot interior where they instantly caught alight and a shower of orange sparks drifted through the air.
 She stood up, stretched and for the fourth or fifth time in as many minutes, stared into the blackness with gloomy thoughts filling her mind. Without Steve, all was lost. She and Cathy couldn't survive without him. The food was already half gone, Cathy's feet were a mess and she had abrasions down both legs and one arm. She was physically well but knew that if the weather turned worse, their chances of survival would diminish.
 She tossed two more pieces of wood on the fire. Tiny tongues of flame cackled and curled around the new wood, there was a slight hiss and larger flames burst into the night air. She saw Cathy was sound asleep so zipped her jacket up and made her way up through the shrubbery to the tussock.
Drizzle and wind ripped into her when she climbed out from the sheltered hillside. The view was of total darkness as the wind howled through the tussock, like those old movies of ghosts and haunted houses. Lavina shivered from both the cold and, she had to admit, trepidation. She turned and the view of the burning fire helped overcome her fear of the lonely night.
 After one more glance into the darkness she decided it was ridiculous staying on the bleak plateau and was about to return to camp when she spied something. A tiny light twinkled across the tussock. She wiped drizzle from her wet face and squinted. Yes, it was a light!
 "Steve, is that you?" she yelled but the wind seemed to tug her words away. "Steve!"
 She walked half a dozen steps into the darkness. "Hello!" a faint reply came back.
 "Steve!" Lavina screamed and burst into a run. She stumbled over tussock but didn't care. The circle of light grew larger and she could see the shape of his body behind it. "Steve!" she yelled again.
 Suddenly he was there, in her arms. His scruffy unshaven face was rubbing into her cheek. Their lips met and Lavina burst into tears.
 "I thought you were lost," she sobbed. "Don't do that to me."
 "I had to return the long way," he apologized and told her the good news.
 Lavina clung to him and sloshed in kisses between his words. "Oh Steve! I don't know what we would have done."
 "Where's Cathy?" he replied as Lavina slipped in beside him and they began to walk back towards a faint flickering reflection of the fire through the foggy drizzle.
 "She's sound asleep. There's our fire." Lavina tucked her arm around his waist and placed her head on his shoulder. "I should be angry with you, you know."
 "I'm sorry, Lavina, but if I'd returned any earlier I would have missed the track."
 They walked back down to the warmth of the fire together and Lavina pulled a pot of bubbling water from the flames, poured some into two waiting mugs and handed Steve a steaming coffee. She went to the tent and saw her daughter was still snoring away and returned to sit beside Steve. An arm wrapped around her and they swapped news. Gradually the fire died and Lavina checked on her daughter once more. Cathy was sound asleep.
 "I changed my mind," Lavina whispered to Steve.
 "About what?"
 "I don't want to wait until we get home. Cathy's asleep, it's quite warm out here and…" She stopped and took both her lover's hands but let one go so he could pull her jacket zip down and lifted her jersey up.
 Their love making under a secluded tree away from the tent was every bit as passionate and desperate as the very first time.
 "Steve," Lavina moaned as her nipples tightened and a frantic orgasm shuddered through her receptive body. She clutched at him, kissed his lips, his neck, his hair. She pressed her fingernails into his shoulders as she responded in frantic passion to his penetration. Slowly they both recovered from mutual orgasms before they sat up and realized it was cold.
 Lavina smiled at her lover for a second but her lip quivered and she began to cry softly.
 "Why the tears?" He kissed her lips and clasped her again to his chest.
 "Just relief," Lavina said, sniffling. “It could have been… Oh Steve, first I almost lost Cathy…then you were so late returning … I thought you were lost. All day today we tramped but got nowhere."
 "But tomorrow we'll walk out," Steve said. "Come on. I could do with some more coffee and a bite to eat."
 Lavina stood and fastened up her clothes. "There's some tinned sausages," she said. "I kept them warm for you."
 She hesitated and her eyes almost glowed in the darkness. "Steve can I be very cheeky?" she asked in a shy voice.
 "Go ahead." His own voice sounded choked with emotion, as if he anticipated what was about to be said.
 "Can Cathy and I move in to your apartment when we get out of here? She suggested it." Lavina repeated the earlier conversation she had had with her daughter. "If it's no trouble, I'll take her out of the boarding school. She can either be a day pupil or attend a local public school. But only if you want it that way."
 "I do," Steve said. "I've wanted it to be like that for weeks, now, almost since I first met you." He kissed her again. "Now about those sausages…"
 "Just like the old cliché." Lavina laughed. "The best way to get to a man is through his stomach."
 She walked over, placed the last three pieces of wood on the fire, moved the blackened pot from the edge of the embers to the hotter central section and gave the food a stir.
 *
 Morning dawned, cold and crisp with the exposed grass white with frost. The three stiff and tired refugees stoked the fire, cooked some more porridge and packed up.
 "Monday morning," Steve gave a sideways grin. "I guess someone down there will be missing us soon."
 "I was due back at school by eight last night," Cathy said as she pulled on a second pair of socks, both used and dirty but warmth was more important than hygiene at the moment. "Old Mrs. Howlett will be mad." She smiled and puffed condensation into the air. "I'd rather be here with you and Mum anyhow, Steve."
 "Surely, Grant has come to his senses by now," Lavina added. "The last time he was high on those drugs he slept for a day and regretted his actions." She grimaced. "That was the last time he was violent and afterwards he used all his charm to persuade me not to walk out." She shrugged and shook her head. "Like a fool, I believed him."
 *
Sunday morning for Grant Ryland was the usual alcoholic hangover complementing the withdrawal symptoms from Saturday's Uppers.
 "Damn the woman!" he muttered as he staggered out to feed the dogs. He wandered past the implement shed and spied the jeep. Oh hell! He'd forgotten about that.
 After he'd tossed some food at the dogs, he lifted his motorbike into the rear of the vehicle and headed up the road. Within ten minutes, the gravel changed to clay and mud. Grant switched in four-wheel drive, low ratio and continued another four kilometres until he was in thick bush and at the entrance of one of the walking tracks.
 "This'll do," he muttered and parked the vehicle beneath an overhanging tree. He dragged his motorbike out the back, locked up the jeep, tossed the keys away into thick undergrowth and headed home on the bike. During the whole time, not one other person was seen in the remote countryside.
 Grant arrived home, cursed all women and slept away the rest of the morning. That evening, he anticipated everything would change after Janice Ludlow arrived. Sex was foremost on his mind. The woman was beginning to protest but this only turned him on more. Her having a father that was a stern religious disciplinarian helped him enforce his dominance over the girl. One threat to tell her father of their relationship and she was putty in his hand.
 However, the three hours of Janice's visit were completely different from his expectations. She had arrived looking grim and even the short flight they'd had in the Cessna, something she usually enjoyed, didn't change her mood. There was one blazing row, no sex and his bluff to tell her father was thrown back in his face. She ended up leaving in tears with a frustrated man thinking back to the wife and family he'd abandoned up on the plateau.
 By Monday morning, Ryland was regretting his actions even more. He shook his throbbing head, wandered out to the Cessna and taxied to the paddock that was used as the airstrip. Lavina, after all had been pretty loyal over the years. She was probably shit scared by now so he'd fly up and bring them all back. That bastard who was having a fling with her didn't deserve to be rescued, but the chances were Lavina would get over her urges and come back home, even if it was just for the kid.
 His mind switched to his mistress. It wasn't his fault Janice Ludlow couldn't look after herself. Even before the incident the other night, she'd become demanding and possessive. Bloody women were always like that. They were perfect for a few weeks then began to get their fingers into you and before one knew it, they would take over and be telling you what to do. Mind you, life with Janice wouldn't have been too bad and her father's money could have helped get the farm out of the bank's clutches.
 That new schoolteacher at Lower Forks Road School had possibilities. She was keen on booze, he knew. He could slip one of his pills in her drink at the pub, offer her a ride home and… he grinned. With the wife at home and a new bit of light relief up the road, he could forget about the Ludlow tart.
 Deep in thought, Ryland swung the Cessna around and studied the frost-covered grass. It'll be bloody cold up on the top. Serve the bitch right. He opened the throttle and took off.
 The airplane was a reliable old craft, too reliable. Grant was hundreds of hours behind in the engine maintenance and never bothered to log flight plans or anything else. After all, he only flew up to a few top strips when he went hunting or wanted to bring the sheep down from the top ridges. He hadn't flown down to the low country for years. He blew on his hands and turned the heater to full. Everywhere, hills glistened in a thick white frost.
 Ryland adjusted the throttle, levelled off and watched as the grass changed to bush. The valleys became steeper and denser, the ranges higher and the bush turned to scrub, then tussock. This was the first range. He'd dropped Lavina, the kid and that other bugger off at the top of the second one. He grinned and was about to increase altitude when, without even a splutter, the engine died.
 "Shit!" Grant reached for the starter. Lights glowed red and dials swung back as the Cessna dropped. The plane was between two ridges with nothing below except thick bush and a small river in the valley. That was the only clear space.
 "Mayday! Mayday! Cessna ZK HTG has engine failure. Position is…" His voice continued in a raised panic as he eased back the flaps and fought the heavy controls. The motor wouldn't start and there was a distinct smell of gasoline. The carburettor had probably frozen.
 "Mayday!" he screamed. The radio crackled and a calm voice from a distant controller replied.
 "We have you on radar ZK HTG…"
 Grant was too busy to respond. The tiny plane levelled out between trees above the river in a smooth landing. However, the right wheel clipped a rock, the Cessna flipped and careened into the valley wall at close to a hundred kilometres an hour.
 Nobody heard the scream of tortured steel being ripped apart, or heard the roar as fuel tanks ruptured and exploded like a terrorist's bomb. Ryland didn't even have time to utter a final curse. Black smoke bellowed into the air from the wreckage.
*
Once the trio reached Stainer's Track the orange rectangles showed the way through the reasonably clear undergrowth under towering trees. There wasn't any sign of a natural track, so the trail markers were all that prevented the trampers from becoming completely lost. At one point, the markers stopped and Steve suggested Lavina stay by the last one while Cathy and he move forward. Then Cathy waited at the next marker while Steve continued on to search for a third one.
 After ten minutes and searching in three directions, Steve yelled, "I found one!"
 The relieved mother and daughter caught up to him and the journey continued down a slope so steep it jarred their calf muscles.
 "Mum," Cathy whimpered when they reached a level strip. "Can we stop for a rest? I'm buggered."
 Lavina glanced at Steve who nodded and slipped the backpack from his shoulders. It was almost noon and they'd been walking downhill for an hour. They leaned against a massive tree and rested. Lavina looked totally exhausted and couldn't even raise her normal cheerful smile. She shut her eyes and grimaced.
 "Is there a problem, Lavina?" Steve asked.
 "Just cramp. It'll go in a minute." She bit on her lip and managed a smile. "I never realized walking downhill was so difficult."
 "That last section was pretty steep," Steve said. "I'm proud of both of you. We've made excellent progress. At this rate we'll be at that hut by mid-afternoon."
 Cathy smiled at the compliment and hobbled to her feet.
 "Do they hurt, sweetheart?" Lavina asked.
 "A little, but no more than your cramp, I bet."
 "Let me see," Steve ordered. He bent down, unlaced Cathy's shoe and peeled off the two socks she was still wearing. The youngster flinched as the last sock was removed to show a pulpy mass of bruised flesh.
 "Cathy," gasped Lavina. "Why didn't you tell us?"
 "I didn't want to slow us up." Cathy gazed up at her mother. "It's always me holding you up."
 "No it isn't!" Steve answered. "Your mum's tired and so am I. You are not holding us up one little bit."
 "But I will, Steve," gasped Cathy with tears springing to her eyes. "I don't think I could get down another section like the one we've just done."
 "You won't need to," Steve said. He gently took the girl's other shoe and sock off and found this one as bad as the first. "We'll bandage your feet again but leave your shoes off. They're causing the trouble."
 "But Steve?" Lavina said.
 "I'll piggyback her," Steve said with grim determination. "If you don't mind wearing this biggest backpack, and carrying the tent too, Cathy can put the smaller one on and I hitch her up on my back."
 "Are you sure, Steve?" Cathy protested. She was almost in tears.
 "Of course. Families stick together." He grinned and turned around. "Now jump up, young lady and don't throttle me."
 Lavina watched the two people she loved. The muscular man with whiskery face, mud covered jeans and eyes that tried to hide his tired condition carrying her growing daughter, hair loose from its normal ponytail and pale face trying to maintain a certain dignity.
 "Okay, we're off," Steve said. He hitched Cathy up onto his back and with her clinging to his neck, headed for the next orange rectangle.
 The ground levelled and after an hour, they found themselves beside another stream.
 "Steve," Lavina puffed, "I think this is the same stream but we're below the waterfall."
 "Could be," Steve said. He hoisted Cathy up and tried at the same time to straighten his back. He was exhausted but was not about to admit defeat. Cathy, heavy from the beginning, now felt like a ton of cement as he plodded forward. He shook his head and squinted. There was another marker ahead. He staggered and almost fell, but continued on.
 "Steve! Stop!" ordered Lavina. "You're exhausted. Put Cathy down. We can rest for a while."
 Steve was about to reply that he was fine when he turned and saw Lavina's concern.
 "Okay." He lowered Cathy from his back.
 "Thanks, Steve." With a twitch of a smile on her face, Cathy hobbled over to a stone by the stream and dipped her feet in. "My God, the water's cold," she yelled and pulled them out again.
 Lavina took out the gas cooker. "I think a hot drink will go down well. You two relax and I'll get it ready. We can also use warm water to soak your feet, Cathy."
 "Okay, Mum. Thanks." Cathy leaned back to relax. Of the three, she now looked the fittest. Colour had come back into her cheeks and a sparkle returned to her eyes.
 Lavina rubbed a hand over her face. "How far do you think it is now, Steve?"
 "Hard to say. We made quite a good pace." He glanced at his watch. "It's just after two. I'd say we'd be there a little after four."
 *
 It was ten past five and the three still staggered on. Over the last twenty minutes, they'd walked through cold, penetrating rain. Cathy was almost asleep on Steve's back and his walk was stooped. It appeared that only sheer willpower kept him going.
 Lavina was also exhausted, but had become rejuvenated when the rain arrived. It was her encouragement that kept Steve going.
 "Count the bends, Steve. I bet you there are no more than a dozen bends until we reach the hut."
 Grunting, Steve hitched Cathy up again and blinked water out of his eyes. "You're on," he said. "You count them Cathy."
 The track was now a path that could be followed easily without needing to find the orange rectangles but tall grass encroached from the sides, so sharp that it scratched their exposed arms and Cathy's feet.
 "Bend eight," Cathy called as Steve stepped around another corner. Her voice changed pitch. "I see it," she screamed. "The hut. I see it. Look Steve."
 Ahead of them at the bottom of a small zigzag path was a tin roof poking out of the fernery. They had made it.
*

CHAPTER 7
Steve let Cathy off his shoulders under the porch and pushed the door open. A smell of wood smoke and musty air whiffed into his senses. It was cold inside but a streak of afternoon sunlight cut across the floor giving an illusion of warmth. Directly in front was a small living quarters with an ancient blue couch and accompanying chair backed up to a far wall. To their left stood a wooden topped sink and an ancient iron wood stove built in a brick alcove. Wooden cupboards, attached to the walls above the sink held plates and, thankfully, rows of tinned food and dried products in screw topped jars.
 A faded sign read, If you've come this far you must be hungry. Feel free to use our supplies if you need to, but consider other trampers who may follow you. Donations of extra food are always appreciated.
 "Thank God!" Lavina gasped. She opened the steel door of the wood stove. Inside, all ready to light, was dry wood and paper in a clean interior.
 "The fireplace is all made up, too," Cathy called. She stood in her socks shivering but her eyes were excited.
 A deep fireplace was set ready to light with a pile of cut firewood stacked on the hearth waiting just for them, it seemed. The rest of the room consisted of an ancient table, three wooden chairs and a dusty oval shaped rug on the wood floor.
 Steve pushed open two side doors to reveal bunkrooms with four bunks in each. Everything was dust covered but had obviously been left in a tidy state.
 "A shower," Lavina called out from another room. Inside were a porcelain hand basin and an ancient shower box. Two pipes ran along the wall to both of the facilities.
 "Hot water." Steve said. "No doubt there is a wetback in the stove."
 "What's a wetback?" Cathy asked.
 "It's a whole lot of looped pipes at the back of the stove. The water runs through, gets heated and leads onto a hot water tank." He opened a door next to the stove. "Here it is. Just like a hot water cupboard at home. In an hour or so we'll have hot water."
 "And the toilet?" Lavina asked.
 Steve took her hand and led her outside. A little tin shed a few meters away held a long drop toilet that was, in reality, a toilet seat built over a long hole dug into the ground. Compared with having nothing at all over the previous two days this was a luxury. There was even a half used roll of toilet tissue stuck on a protruding nail.
 While Lavina used the facility, the other two walked back inside, lit both fires and removed their wet clothes. Steve's jeans were saturated from the knees down but his shirt beneath the work jacket he had been wearing was only slightly wet under the arms and down the front buttons.
 Cathy, though, wore only thin clothes and was drenched where she had been exposed to the weather during her piggyback. She rummaged through the backpack, disappeared into one of the bunkrooms and emerged in dry clothes. With a slight grin, she walked on her heels over to the flaming fire.
 "How are the feet?" Steve asked.
 "Sore when I put any weight on them." She sat on the mat, rolled off her socks and unwrapped the grubby bandages.
 The two smallest toes on each foot were still red and swollen and there were large blisters on the soles of her feet. She groaned and stretched her legs out to warm them by the fire.
 "Mum's a long time, I'll go and check." Cathy leaped to her feet and grimaced when she accidentally put weight on her toes. She hobbled to the door and stuck her head out.
 "Steve!" A scream of alarm rang out.
 Steve was at the door in seconds and saw Lavina slumped on the path in a crumpled heap.
 "I'll get her," Steve said brushing past Cathy.
 Within seconds, he had his arms under the unconscious woman and hoisted her up to carry inside.
 "What's wrong, Steve?" Cathy's face contorted in fright as he laid Lavina on the couch.
 Her face was pale but Steve found a racing pulse. "We need to get her into something dry and warm her up," he instructed. "Can you find some of your mum's clothes?"
 "Sure."
 He found a blanket in one of the bunkrooms, peeled off Lavina's saturated jacket and wrapped the blanket around her. He held her close, rubbing her hands and face. "Lavina," he cried and shook her gently. "Lavina!"
 Eyes flickered and opened. "Steve," she whispered. Those hazel eyes he loved so much gazed fondly into his. Her hand squeezed his slightly and her eyes closed again.
 "I've got Mum's other jersey and jeans." Cathy stood behind Steve with a look of frustration and helplessness. "A towel, too," she added.
 "She'll be okay," Steve reassured her. "I'd say she's just exhausted from the tramp. As long as we keep her warm, your mum will be fine."
 "What else can I do?"
 "How about looking through that food and finding us something warm to eat." He flicked tired eyes up at the girl. "A hot drink wouldn't hurt either. I'll massage your mum's hands and feet to help her circulation."
 Cathy stood still with wide eyes switching between her mother and him. "Why is this happening to us?" She broke into tears. "I mean, Mum has never hurt a soul. She's the kindest person I know. She doesn't deserve this."
 Steve stood and tucked his arms around Cathy while the youngster cried. He found a damp handkerchief in his pocket and handed it to her. She blew her nose and turned a tear stained face up to his.
 "I'll be okay now," she sniffed. "I'm sorry."
 "You have nothing to be sorry about, Cathy. You're a brave young lady." Steve kissed her forehead.
 "I'll get something nice cooked up," Cathy said. She stepped back, gave a grateful smile and hobbled over to the tiny kitchen.
 Steve turned his attentions back to Lavina who seemed to be relaxed and in a normal sleep pattern now. Her face and fingers were returning to a healthy hue. He bent over and kissed the pallid face, made sure she was as comfortable as possible and walked over to stoke the fire.
 By the time the sun had sunk behind the hillside outside the room had lost its chill. Another evening was on its way. Steve pulled faded curtains over the three windows and yawned. He felt weary and plunked into the armchair for a brief rest before going to help Cathy. However, his eyelids refused to stay open. He blinked, Lavina seemed safe and Cathy was humming a little tune as she stirred something in a saucepan. Her profile looked just like her mother. He blinked again and slipped into a peaceful sleep.
*
The beans and bacon bubbled with the rising steam tempting Cathy's taste buds. She smiled and stirred the mixture. If only they had bread to go with it! She found a tiny red kettle in the cupboard, filled and placed it on the back of the stove. The heat warmed her hands and face so before long, her whole body felt warmer than any time since the abduction.
 "Supper's up," she called but there was no reply. She turned to see both adults sound asleep. Her mum looked relaxed on the couch with the blanket tucked around her, while Steve was stretched out on the armchair with his head back and mouth slung open. As Cathy watched, his face twitched and a snore rumbled out.
 Cathy hobbled back to the main fire, added a couple of pieces of wood to it and returned to the stove. Somehow, she felt at peace as she spooned some beans on a plate and made a cup of coffee. There was even sugar and powdered milk available, and she sat at the table to enjoy the meal.
An old logbook caught her eye. She reached across and opened it to find entries from visitors going back three or four years. The book was about three quarters used and the last entry was two months old. During the last year, only five groups had made an entry. It appeared that this hut was not used very often. She turned to the front where a typewritten page had been stuck in with a few basic rules. Of more interest was the next double page that showed a map of the area and a brief handwritten comment. The track to the plateau is steep and overgrown with nothing at the top except an unused airstrip.
 "Yeah, I know that." Cathy huffed and scooped a spoonful of beans into her mouth. The map showed two ridges with a second hut a day's tramp away. Further west there was a third hut and beyond that another half-day's journey to the only road marked. It was named but unknown to the youngster. She shuddered. It appeared, therefore, they would have to tramp another three days before reaching civilization. She glanced down at her own feet then across at her mother and Steve. That was three days for professional trampers with the proper gear. She shuddered and some of the earlier optimism disappeared.
 "At least I have Mum and Steve," she mumbled to herself. She finished the meal and went to run her hand under the hot tap. After the initial cold water turned hot, Cathy gave a sigh of satisfaction, lit two candles sticking out of bottles on the mantelpiece and took the torch to the bathroom where she had a simply glorious shower. The warm water and steam pouring over her weary body removed all those days of grime and her skin became warm and red as she soaped herself down. Even her sore feet felt less tender. Finally, she rubbed herself down, slipped into her pyjamas and walked back to the kitchen to find her mother at the stove.
 "Mum!" she called out in delight. "How are you?"
 Lavina looked pale but her face lit up. "Fine, sweetheart," she said, reaching across to hug her daughter. "You've done so much. Cooked a meal, kept the fire blazing and even lit the candles."
 "Steve helped before he nodded off. God, he snores." She glanced at her mother. "You look a mess, Mum. Why don't you have a hot shower while I reheat our tea."
 Lavina smiled. "Sounds like a good idea. And thank you."
 "What for?"
 "Just being you," Lavina said.
 "Awe Mum," Cathy said, blushing.
*
Like Cathy, Lavina found the shower made her refreshed but she still felt woozy and her head throbbed. Suddenly a wave of nausea erupted in her stomach and she just made the couple of meters across the room before vomiting and spluttering into the hand basin. A stab of pain cut across her ribs for several seconds before subsiding. Lavina stared at her gaunt reflection in the tiny mirror. The last thing she wanted was this. It was hard enough on her family without her being ill.
 She smiled at her thoughts. Steve was her family now. They were beyond the clandestine affair stage. If nothing else, this crisis had brought them closer together. Funny, she could hardly remember what it was like before she'd met Steve. She frowned at her reflection. Yes, she could. There was that constant feeling of being inadequate, trying to please a man who treated her with disdain, used her as an object to satisfy his own needs, physical or otherwise. Towards the end, his approaches to her became a chore to be endured.
 Now there was Steve. She flushed in embarrassment when memories of their lovemaking flowed into her mind. The orgasms she'd experienced were something she never realized would happen. Even when she first met Grant, she had never been aroused in this way. Perhaps this was the first time in her life she had really been loved, not just there to satisfy a man's lust.
 Cathy's head appeared through the steam. "Are you all right, Mum?" she called with concern in her voice. "You've been in there for ages."
 "I'm fine." Lavina said.
 "No you aren't!" snapped Cathy. "I heard you spewing before and I'm going to tell Steve when he wakes up."
 "I'm okay, Cathy," Lavina insisted.
 "Well, don't try to cover up how you feel. You've always done that."
 "I won't. If I feel ill again, I'll tell you. Is that fair?"
 "Yes." Cathy raised her eyebrows. "Now, if you want some beans, I've got them waiting for you."
 "I'd love something to eat.” Lavina rubbed her wet hair down and walked out into the cosy kitchen. Steve was still asleep and the three candles painted a dancing pattern of yellow around the room. Outside it was cold and dark but at least the rain had stopped. She reached out to wrap an arm around her daughter's shoulders.
*
Noel and Geraldine Capra stared, stony faced as visions of the burned out hulk of the Cessna was vividly portrayed on the midday television news. They were both in the office of Oversee ComSoft after an interview with the police who had left half an hour earlier.
 "Only the charred remains of the pilot have been recovered from the wreckage," the reporter said, "It is believed that three other people, two from the pilot's family, were in the Cessna. Police have yet to release the names of the family …"
 "It's all wrong!" Geraldine muttered as she brushed a hand through her hair and frowned.
 "What is, Geraldine?" Noel said.
 "That plane crashed this morning, Monday, but we know Steve's been missing since Saturday. What happened in the intervening time?"
 Noel shrugged. "All I know is that Steve and Lavina were going to contact me on Saturday night. He never answered his mobile phone calls and wasn't at the school when we visited yesterday."
 "You heard what the news reports said. Tell me, would Steve be going for a ride with his girlfriend's husband? You know how moral he is. I was amazed when he even began this affair." She gave a brief smile. "It's not that I don't like Lavina"
 "And their jeep. The police told us they've found its tyre marks in the yard of Ryland's back drive but it's not there. How could Steve be in the aircraft and have driven the jeep away somewhere? And where is it now?" She threw her hands up in exasperation and stared at her husband. "I believe the police got it wrong. I don't think Steve was in the crash, Lavina or Cathy either."
 "So where are they?"
 "I don't know. Perhaps Steve absconded with Lavina and Cathy and they're in a motel at the other end of the country. We know he was pretty keen on her. From what I noticed she returned his affections."
 "But Steve's as solid as a rock. If he planned to do that, he'd have told us. He's not the sort to do something on impulse. He would have planned it out in the minutest detail."
 Geraldine nodded. "Perhaps he did. I still say he wasn't in the Cessna. There was no reason." She gulped. "I think something more sinister has happened."
 Noel stood up. "I agree. Come on. Let's go down to the police station. Sergeant Stein said to contact him if we had any information."
*
Detective Sergeant Pat Stein put the telephone down and studied his visitors. "We found Steve Garnet's jeep," he said. "It was parked on the clay road up the valley from Ryland's farm. A deerstalker just phoned in. We've got some personnel on their way up there now.”
"That fits in with my fears,” Geraldine said. "Steve would never drive up there. Whenever he went tramping he walked from the old school. Anyhow, he was going to finish assembling some bunks on Sunday. It's out of character for him to just take off on a walk."
 The detective frowned. "Search crews at the crash site now confirm there was only one body, that of the male pilot in the crash. We originally thought bodies could have been thrown out by the explosion." He grunted. "The media were a little enthusiastic in their reporting.”
 "So where are our friends?" Noel asked.
 "At this very moment a search party is walking into the bush from where the jeep was found," Stein replied. He stood up and held out his hand. “Thank you Mr. and Mrs. Capra. We'll inform you immediately if there are any new developments”.
 After the pair left, Pat Stein studied the scant details of the case and glowered. Something was wrong here. He thought for a moment and reached for the telephone. The call went through several secretaries before he was connected to the person he wanted.
 "Do you have a recording of all aircraft movements in the area of the crash site over the last week?"
 "Yes,” the chief air controller replied. "The Cessna took off on an unreported flight from the Ryland farm and crashed twenty-two minutes later."
 “I'm interested in Saturday sometime in the mid morning. Could your radar have picked up a flight from the same farm if it had taken place?"
 "Probably but if the aircraft flew into low valleys and didn't file a flight plan it could be missed," the controller said. "We have quite a few topdressing aircraft in the district. I'll check and get back to you."
Forty minutes later, a call came back from the air controller. "You were right,” he said. "We have a reading from the farm on Saturday morning. A small aircraft flew up to the ranges, disappeared off radar for twelve minutes before being recorded again. Apparently it flew back to the farm where the signal was lost again."
"What's the terrain like up there?"
 "Steep bush country but there's a plateau of flat tussock at the top. My map shows an old topdressing airstrip at the top." 
Stein whistled over the phone. "Do you have any more details?" 
 "The radar trace ended above that plateau, De Wolfe's Plateau it's called. It started again at the same place a few moment's later."
 "So it could have landed?"
 "Yes. Weather conditions at the time were good."
*

CHAPTER 8
Steve awoke, cold and stiff. Two blankets had slipped off and his legs were sticking out. He heard Cathy's gentle snore from the bunk along from his and remembered how she had flatly refused to sleep in the next room. After glancing across the narrow space to where Lavina's bunk was, he realized why he had awakened. It was pitch black but he could sense she was not there. He slipped to the floor, shivering and reached for the jeans beneath his bunk. They were still damp but would have to do. After dressing, he made his way out to the kitchen. It was dark with only a faint red line where a few last embers still glowed in the fire. One window had its curtain pulled back and a narrow rectangle showed as a lighter shade of grey. Steve shut the door to the bunkroom and walked like a blind man across to the mantelpiece. The matches were there somewhere.
 His fingers found the box. A match flared to life and he lit the nearest candle. From that, Steve lit a second candle and tossed three pieces of wood on the fire. White smoke smothered the wood for a second before, with a faint puff, they caught alight.
 He heard a slight scrape; a beam of torchlight flashed across the room and a blast of freezing air hit him. Lavina stepped in and shut the outside door.
 "Oh Steve, go back to bed." She stood shivering in her pyjamas, her face pale and lips blue.
 "Were you sick again?"
 She nodded. “My headache's gone," she said. "At least that's something."
 "Good." Steve took her hands and kissed her lightly on the lips. She responded and stood shivering in his arms for a moment. "Now, get a jersey on and I'll make us a hot drink."
 "I'd like that," Lavina responded and slipped away to the bunkroom. Steve filled the kettle, placed it on the open fire and searched for the coffee. Lavina was back by the time he had two mugs ready to receive the water. She sat on the couch and pulled on her jersey.
 "I feel a little better now, Steve." Their eyes met and she smiled. "Do you know it's raining outside? That freezing drizzle."
 Steve nodded and sat beside her as the flames curled around another log and, with a crackle of sparks, burst alight sending warm air into the room.
 "What do we do now?" Lavina asked. "Cathy still can't walk very far and I feel as if every bone in my body is creaking. The weather's turned to the worse, too."
 "Well, we have food and warmth here so tomorrow." He grinned and glanced at his watch, "…Today actually, we just stay put. It will be two or three days before we have to start worrying about our food supply."
 "It's cosy here," Lavina said. "I feel so secure with you here. It's like our own little world and I can forget about Grant, the farm, everything. The two people I love are with me and, at the moment, that's all I need."
 The kettle began to boil, Steve filled the coffee mugs and handed one to Lavina. "I feel the same," he said quietly. "So let's get Cathy and you fit before we plan our next move." He smiled. "Your rat bag husband did the opposite of what he wanted, didn't he?"
 "How?" Lavina's hazel eyes gazed up with some of the sparkle returned to them.
 "He drove us together. This is the longest we've been with each other, our third night and lots to come."
 Lavina sipped her coffee. "I'm never going back to him. Not after this. Even if you don't want to make a commitment."
 "Lavina!" Steve retorted. "Stop it! We've been through all that. Get it in that crazy little head of yours that I want you, I need you and I love you. Stop running yourself down."
 "Even now, sick as a dog and looking ninety?"
 "Of course, isn't that what love is?" He reached across and kissed her cheek.
 "Nobody's treated me with such kindness before," Lavina responded in a whisper. "As a child my mother was okay but nagged all the time and was over impressed by appearances. 'Straighten your shoulders, Lavina,' she used to say. 'You'll end up looking like an old woman.' Dad was a businessman and usually ignored me." She shrugged. "He was kind hearted in his own way and a good provider. Then I had four good years at high school, came to Upper Forks Road and that's it. Grant never really cared. I was his dolly bird and housekeeper. I remember when I was ill once. He just swore and cursed because his breakfast was late."
 "Pity he didn't meet my ex," Steve chuckled. "They'd deserve each other. Trish just loved our big house, the bridge club and socializing. I was a good provider. I remember her screaming at me when I told her three years back, I was going to leave the university and set up my own business. In her eyes, she was going to lose her social standing. I didn't care about trying to keep up with the bunch of hypocrites of the, so-called, establishment. That's why we grew apart and finally separated."
 "And how is the business?" Lavina asked.
 "Best move I ever made." Steve grinned. “I'll never be a millionaire but we're doing reasonably well. There are frustrations, of course, like when we spent two months working on a contract and the firm went bankrupt and just about dragged us down with it."
 “We're broke," Lavina said. "The bank's about to foreclose on the farm mortgage. We'll have to sell. Stupid isn't it?" She glanced up from her coffee mug. "Grant was the only son and had the farm just handed onto him when his father died ten years ago. But he didn't appreciate it. All he did was go from one harebrained scheme to the next. He went into deer farming, spent hundreds of thousands of dollars building those massive fences and stocking the place. I don't think he made even one season's profit. Now the export of deer meat has collapsed. Then he spent five thousand dollars buying some Angora rabbits." She laughed sarcastically. "He was going to make a fortune but some wild rabbits got in with ours, the offspring were a disaster and that was that. He even tried growing wheat on a hillside.
The trouble is he never sticks to anything. He bought an eight thousand dollar pedigree bull that dropped dead five months later." She frowned. "Every time something failed it was my fault. I kept hoping things would improve but they just got worse." She wiped a hand over her face. "Farming is hard now-a-days, even for the most conscientious and careful farmer. Grant is neither."
 "Well, forget about him," Steve said. "He's got a lot to answer for when we get out. Kidnapping and attempted murder are serious crimes. I'm sure he never meant for us to survive this long."
 "But we will survive!" Lavina's voice was determined. "And I hope I'm there when the police car rolls in and drags him away to jail, whimpering."
*
 Morning arrived with the sun hidden by a thick fog as misty rain hit the windows. Steve lit the stove and was preparing breakfast when Cathy staggered out, all yawns and sighs.
 "My God," she moaned. "Don't Mum and you know what sleep is? Every time I woke up you two were in here yakking your heads off."
 "And where's your mum now?" Steve asked.
 "Sleeping, of course," Cathy snapped. She grabbed a coat around her shoulders and disappeared out to the toilet and returned a few moments later with an arm full of firewood from the lean-to where it was stored. Without saying anymore, she proceeded to build the main fire and, within a few moments, it was blazing away.
 "Some breakfast?" Steve asked. "It's spaghetti this morning. Sorry there's no toast."
 "Thanks,” the youngster replied. She sat at the table and gazed out the window at the fog. "Well, I guess we won't be going far today.” She grinned. “Not that I mind. I like it here."
 "How are your feet this morning?"
 Cathy screwed her nose up. "Itchy. Still swollen but the blisters have dried. They're just a flap of loose skin now."
 "Good but try to keep off them as much as possible today."
 Cathy glanced at him and smiled. "You really care, don't you Steve?"
 Steve chuckled. "Well, you're pretty heavy to lug all the way home." He glanced up as Lavina walked in. Her face had more colour and she smiled warmly at them both.
 "I'm hardly needed around here, am I?"
 "Not needed but still wanted, Mum. You know there's flour and all sorts of things stored in those bottles and tins. What say that after breakfast we cook up some scones?"
 "Sounds great."
*
 While Lavina and Cathy cooked, Steve went out in the misty rain to explore the immediate area. He ambled along in the opposite direction from the uphill track they had used on their arrival to where another one led down in a curve through thick foliage. Tumbling water could be heard ahead and from the sound, it appeared to be more than the tiny stream they'd originally followed.
 Steve walked around the bend and there it was; a small river five or six meters wide with murky water running quite high and fast past him. The middle looked at least waist deep. Across the opposite bank, he could see where the track led into the bush. He glanced along the banks and gave a sigh of satisfaction. Fifteen meters downstream was a small shed with a ramp leading into the water.
 Now if there was a boat inside…
 Steve pushed through the overgrown track until he arrived at the shed. As well as a double door at the top of the ramp there was a small wooden one on his side that was locked with a small padlock.
 He pushed his way to the ramp, slid under a wooden barrier and shook the double door. It was held fast by an inside latch. He made his way across and squinted in the gap between the two doors. The interior was dark but Steve was sure something was there.
 He wiggled the doors again and spied a small ground latch. Now if he could wedge that up he could swing the doors outwards. Steve hunted around and found a stick that could work. After a little prodding and manipulating, he used the stick to push the latch sideways. It took five attempts and a few choice words before the latch lifted and the doors came forward with a squeak of rusty hinges.
 "Oh my God!" Steve gasped. Inside, sitting on the wooden floor was an almost deflated orange and blue rubber raft, about four or five meters long. It was covered in dust and spider webs and seemed unused for a considerable time. Upon closer inspection his heart sank. It was well past its use by date and so flat he doubted if it would float. On the positive side, there seemed to be no holes or rips in it.
 Steve inspected the boat shed. Six paddles and small life jackets were slung overhead across the rafters. At the end was a workbench littered with odd tools, containers of paint and other chemicals and a coil of rope. There was no indication of who the owners were. He guessed it would be some tramping club, scouts or perhaps a school.
 He yanked open a cupboard door under the bench.
 "This could help," he muttered, pulling out an old style tyre pump. When he pumped, air puffed out the front fitting. "Now if the raft has no punctures …" He flopped it over until he found two valves, one appeared to be for the sides and the other, the floor. The connection fitted and when he pumped, he could tell the air was going in. He continued pumping for ten minutes without any noticeable difference to the raft.
 "So we won't have to walk out after all!" Lavina's voice made him jump in fright.
 He turned and saw her smiling at the door. "Look at it." He chuckled and wiped a perspiring brow. "Our journey home, my dear. It'll take a while to inflate but if there are no holes…"
 "I'll have a turn," Lavina offered and took over the pumping while Steve stretched his shoulders to relieve an aching back.
*
 "You look like a gangster." Cathy laughed half an hour later as Steve stood up again and used a handkerchief to wipe perspiration from his neck and three day's growth of whiskers.
 "I'll do some," Cathy offered and grabbed the pump. She did an amazingly good job and pumped for several minutes before handing it over to her mother.
 When the sides were largely inflated, they switched their attention to the floor section until the craft began to resemble its proper proportions. It was almost hexagonal shaped with the two cylindrical sides bending in at the front and rear to meet at curved ends. The top had eyelets around with a nylon rope threaded through while two cross members kept the craft rigid. The floor consisted of flatter inflated sections similar to air mattresses used on camping trips.
 By early afternoon it was completely inflated. Cathy had to try it straight away and sat on one of the cross members grinning. "How's that, Steve?" She laughed.
 "Great!" He glanced out at the rain and choppy water. "We'll test it in the water tomorrow. It's a bit wet out there now and we don't want to get soaked again."
*
 Later, after a refreshing shower, Steve sat at the table with the others and examined the logbook map, which was a photocopy of a topographical map with sections highlighted in yellow felt tip.
 "The river is like a giant 'S' while the track crosses the centre over the ridges. By going this way we would bypass the second hut here." His finger pointed to a small square on the map. "But the third hut appears to be at the riverside here. If we can travel to this hut it will only be a day's walk to the road."
 "Why don't we just keep going?" chipped in Cathy who was leaning over the end of the table taking in every word.
 "There's no map of the lower river," Steve explained. "There could be waterfalls, rapids or anything ahead. See this," he added, pointing to a wriggly line just beyond one of the bends. Canyon-Grade 2 Rapids was written in italic writing along the edge. "White Water Rafters rank rapids from one to five," he said. "I've been on a Grade Three river and that was scary. Even Grade Two can be pretty swift."
 Lavina frowned. "Too risky?"
 "If necessary I'll go ahead and check any rapids," Steve promised. "If it seems too rough, we can carry the raft along the shore beyond it."
 "Okay but I'm going to hold you to that promise." Lavina replied.
 Steve glanced up and, without warning, plunked a kiss on her face. She flushed and stepped back but smiled when her partner winked at her. "It's a promise," he said. " I think it'll take most of a day to travel down the river, through the giant 'S' until we came to the third hut. It's pure guesswork, though. We have no idea how fast the water is moving. We might not even be able to get through if it becomes too shallow."
 "So we go prepared," Lavina said. "We need to get the tent and all our clothes clean and dry and take all the food we can. It would be stupid to rush off, get stranded half way down and wish we were back here."
*
 Wednesday dawned cool with a morning fog that didn't lift until noon. The trio were busy. Clothes were washed and dried in front of the fire and on a makeshift clothesline under the back porch and Steve checked out the boat shed. The raft had remained inflated over night and Lavina took down a bucket of soapy warm water to wash it down. The life jackets were mainly children's sizes but two were adjusted to fit the adults and Cathy just managed to squeeze into one of the smaller ones.
 "The gear must belong to some children's club or school," Lavina noted. "We'll have to find out when we get home and contact the group."
 "I'd say it's a while since anyone's been here using these," Steve said as he tightened the straps on Cathy's life jacket.
 "It was the summer before last," Cathy said. "I looked back though the logbook. A school party was here but I think they were just visiting. They did mention hiring gear from one of those service clubs."
 "Real detective aren't you?" Steve chuckled. "That would fit in with the condition of everything." He glanced out at the sky. "The weather looks stable," he said. "I suggest we have everything ready and leave at first light in the morning."
*
 A haze hung over Top Ridge Hut as Steve shut the door for the last time. Except for using food and firewood, the trio left the building exactly how they'd found it. The fireplace and stove were cleaned and set up ready for the next trampers to walk in. Steve had split another load of wood with an axe he'd found in the lean-to and piled it neatly on the hearth.
 The mattresses had been turned sideways on the bunks and the kitchen and bathroom left clean and tidy. Lavina filled in the logbook and included details of what they were about to do, apologized to any possible owners of the raft and provided contact numbers and a promise they would replenish the food supplies after their return to civilization.
 "Bye old hut," Cathy called as she lugged the last plastic bag of gear down to the boat shed to where the raft was sitting sedately on the ramp. Food and equipment had already been packed and tied securely in the middle of the raft with a rope from the shed. The eyelets around the top of the raft were designed well, so unless it was completely flipped over, their belongings would be secure.
 Lavina smiled at her daughter. Cathy was wearing her shoes and walked with almost no limp now that Steve had cut the toes out of them so the sore toes wouldn't be squashed again. After explicit instructions on how to paddle, what orders to follow and the usual safety procedures, Steve checked to see that everyone's life jacket was secure before the three slid the rubber raft into the water and jumped aboard.
 "Ready?" Steve asked. The mother and daughter looking chubby in their yellow life jackets, nodded and he pushed the raft away from the ramp. With a quick paddle, he manoeuvred the craft midstream where it bounced in the moderately fast current and their home for almost three days disappeared from sight. For two hours they drifted along at a leisurely pace with the only problem being a couple of shallow spots where they had to jump into knee deep water and guide the raft through. Once there was sufficient depth again, they clambered aboard and relaxed.
 For early winter, it was a perfect day with the sun warming them when it was directly overhead. However, shadows from the valley often cut the direct sunshine out as the river twisted around numerous bends. It was unnecessary to paddle but Cathy enjoyed poking her paddle into the water or using it to push the raft away from protruding rocks. The murmur of the water tumbling past rocks was constantly with them. There was also the sound of numerous bush and aquatic birds calling out in the trees. At one point, a dozen gigantic Canada Geese were disturbed and flew, honking into the air.
 The valley through which they travelled became narrow with dense bush towering above them on each side. Broad shingle areas filled the area between water and trees while everywhere were smooth grey rocks that caused the raft to bounce along the choppy water. Water splashed up constantly and Lavina, at the front, seemed to get the brunt of the spray. It was cold but not too uncomfortable. She grinned after one wave saturated her hair and jersey.
 "Oh well," she called back to the others. "Now that I'm soaked, the water can't make it any worse."
 "You'll be surprised," Steve called back. He was as wet as Lavina and Cathy had long since given up trying to keep dry. "Those rapids we saw marked in the map shouldn't be too far away."
 At the next bend the stream narrowed and water speed increased. Spray burst across the front of the craft and saturated the entire crew within seconds. They shuddered as the craft headed straight towards a protruding rock in the middle of the stream.
 "Left, paddle!" screamed Steve above the roar of the foaming water.
 Lavina and Cathy immediately dipped their paddles on the left hand side and attempted to control the raging bucking raft through the water. They moved skilfully inside the rock and accelerated forward as the water broke into a raging torrent.
 "Wonderful!" screamed Steve above the roar. "Be ready, though. It looks like another real nasty fellow's coming up."
 Sure enough, a few seconds later another rock appeared right in front of them.
 "Everyone right!" Steve directed. "Paddle!"
 Lavina and Cathy immediately slid across to the right hand side of the craft and joined Steve so three paddles worked together. The whole raft tipped sideways like a racing car on two wheels and actually bounced across the rock. Once through the gap, the passengers dived back to their places and the raft plopped back level again.
 For another thirty seconds they paddled, crossed over, paddled, waited, ducked and again paddled as the raft surged through the white water and jutting rocks. Finally, they were through the first rapids and back into relatively calm water. Lavina turned and grinned at her daughter behind her. Cathy was saturated but smiled back as she grasped the paddle with white knuckles.
 "The water's freezing," she managed to stutter.
 "Here we go again!" Steve said.
 Water lifted the craft and sent it skimming into the next section of rapids. This was similar to the last one but the amateur crew had gained more confidence and shot through without even scrapping a rock. The next section proved more difficult. Their raft clipped a rock on the left, rolled sideways and careered straight onto a smooth submerged rock before they sighted it, plunked down and stopped. Waves from behind crashed over the rear and the crew suddenly found they were sitting in half a meter of surging water.
 Steve immediately jumped out the back and signalled for Lavina to do the same. The two adults lifted the raft so that the next wave caught it underneath instead of over the top. With a lurch, the raft rocked forward but not before the pair flung themselves aboard and grasped the safety rope. In this way they were all carried through the crashing surf onto the next section of quiet water.
 For twenty minutes they plummeted through another stretch of white water in what proved to be an anticlimax and drifted into quiet water again. The rapids were behind them. Ahead, as far as they knew, lay calmer waters. They paddled gracefully to the bank, disembarked, pulled the bow of their craft up before tipping it sideways so the interior water ran out.
 Cathy glanced across at Steve and grinned happily. "We all look like drenched rats."
 "Yeah!" he said. “I've got pain in muscles I never knew I had." He turned to Lavina behind him. "Doing okay, Lavina?"
 Lavina shivered as the inactivity cooled her down and cold, water soaked clothes clung to her body. "I'm glad we're almost there," she said.
 Steve gave the signal and they pushed the raft back in the stream, clambered aboard and paddled out into the current. They settled back as the raft bounced forward into a broad valley. The river widened and current slowed.
 "Keep an eye out," Lavina said. "According to our map, there should be a track parallel to the river on the right bank."
 It appeared three bends later as a well-worn track meandering through the trees. Five minutes later, they drifted around another bend and saw the hut on a small knob above the stream. It was a duplicate of the one they'd left, that morning, even down to the lean-to and long drop toilet out the back. Once again, they had accomplished what they'd set out to do. Steve looked at his watch. It was after four in the afternoon. They'd been on the water over eight hours; no wonder he felt exhausted. Lavina tucked an arm around Cathy and grinned at him.
 "If you'd told me a week ago I was going to spend a day crashing through icy rapids, I'd have said you needed your head read."
 "But we did great, didn't we Steve?" Cathy said, hugging her mother.
 "Excellent." Steve said. "What say you two go and see what our new accommodation is like and I'll tie up the raft?"
 The hut was also inside similar to the first one except it appeared to have been used more; there was no food in the cupboards, the fireplace was left filled with ashes and graffiti was scratched across the table.
 "We must be closer to civilization," Steve said when he walked in. "I'd heard the most remote huts are the best looked after. The city slickers never get that far back."
 "So you're the country bumpkin, are you?" Lavina asked.
 "I'm trying." Steve chuckled. "That's why I bought the old school." He turned to Cathy. "Come on, my girl. We've got a fire to light."
 "Sure." Cathy laughed. "Looks like you have to chop some wood first, though. There's plenty there, but it's all logs."
 "Why me?" Steve moaned.
 "Well," Cathy snapped back. "If you want a hot shower later and supper cooked for you…"
 Steve laughed as he began searching for an axe.
*

CHAPTER 9
An evening storm rolled in with huge thunderclouds, lightning and hail. Murphy's Hut, as Cathy found this one was called, shook and clattered. Windows pinged as the rain and hail lashed into them while somewhere outside, a loose piece of iron banged continuously.
 Inside, though, it was a cocoon of warmth. The roaring fire devoured wood, but kept the weary travellers comfortable. Darkness arrived early but candles were hardly required as light from the fire glowed throughout the main room.
 Steve had brought a rope in from the raft and slung a clothesline across the hut so now, every piece of clothing was hung up to dry for there was nothing that escaped the water in the rapids. Cathy sat on the old couch with a blanket around herself while Lavina prepared another meal. Their supplies were low but not desperate.
 The door burst open and a drenched Steve walked in carrying an armload of wood. Earlier he had decided to get outside chores done before drying himself down. He turned and slammed the door before the freezing air replaced the warmth.
 "It's going to be one shocker tonight." He wiped drips of water off his face, dropped the wood and held his hands in front of the fire. "You know the river's already up a meter and rising. I had to pull the raft half way up the track and anchor it to a tree."
 Lavina smiled and handed him one of the few dry towels. "Well, you can do no more out there now, so have a hot shower and I'll try to dry your clothes. There should be hot water by now. That's one good thing about this hut."
 "What's that?" Steve asked.
 "The wet back is behind the main fire instead of the stove. With the larger fire we should get hot water sooner."
 "Great," Steve replied. "I think I need to get out of these wet things." He sniffed and sneezed. His eyes watered, nose ran and he felt cold and all clogged up. "I'll try for that shower now," he added and wandered through to the bathroom.
*
It was Sunday before the storm blew over; more than a week since they'd been abducted. Except for Steve's frightful cold, the group was healthy and fit. The tent, sleeping bag, clothes and gear were all dry so, unless the storm returned there was no reason to remain. The food was down to a few old tins and they decided that in the morning they would have to walk out to the road. The only equipment that disappeared was the raft. When Steve went out to check the evening before he found it had gone. The branch it had been tied to had snapped and rising floodwaters had carried it away sometime in the afternoon.
Cathy sat on a bench under the veranda while Steve and Lavina sorted out another pile of dry clothes.
 "Mum! Steve!" Cathy screamed. "Get out here!"
 They rushed out the door. Cathy was signalling to them with frantic body language.
 "Mum, listen!"
 Lavina and Steve both stopped when they heard the noise. Above the constant stream rumble a thump, thump, thump sounded in the distance. They gazed up the valley through the sunlight as the volume increased.
 "Steve!" Lavina shrieked, diving into his arms and kissing him on the lips before turning and grabbing Cathy in a bear hug and kissing her too.
 Above the stream, a helicopter was heading straight towards them.
 "We're here!" Cathy hollered and swung her arms like windmill blades while the two adults stood with their arms around each other.
 The helicopter with Rescue in white letters against the red fuselage was overhead in seconds and crew could be seen waving back at the frantic Cathy. There was no room to land but the craft hovered above the tiny knob of grass beside the hut while a crewman descended in a basket type contraption.
 Steve rushed forward, grabbed a dangling rope and guided the basket down. The crewmember landed and stood up.
 "Hi," he yelled above the roar of the engine above. "Andy's my name. You must be Steve, Lavina and Cathy?"
 Steve's hand went out in a steel like grip. "My God, Andy." His hair was blowing in the down draft but his grin broad. "You're one sight I never thought I'd see."
 "Sorry about the delay," Andy shouted. "If it wasn't for the storm we'd have been here earlier." He unstrapped his safety harness and fixed a slow grin on the excited girl "Want to go first, Cathy?" he asked.
 She nodded.
Andy clamped the safety harness around her, showed her how to sit in the basket and she was hoisted up to the helicopter. Hands reached out the opened door and she was inside.
 Within moments the two adults and equipment were also aboard and the craft rose into the air.
 "We found the upturned raft down river and feared the worst," Andy explained, "It was only a last minute decision to check out the hut."
 "How did you know we were in the area?" Lavina asked. Her eyes were wide with curiosity.
 "We read your entry in the top hut diary and knew you'd come down river in the raft."
 "You were at Top Ridge Hut!" Cathy gasped.
 Andy nodded but it was the other crewmember who spoke, "I'm Constable Julianna Webber." She turned to Lavina. "Can I speak to you in the cockpit, Mrs. Ryland?"
 "Of course," Lavina replied and followed the constable to the front.
 "I'm afraid I have some tragic news, Lavina," the constable said and told about the Cessna crash and Grant Ryland's death.
 "When? On Saturday?" Lavina gasped.
 "No, Monday morning." She frowned. "Why did you say Saturday?"
 "My husband doped Cathy and myself, abducted Steve at gunpoint and left us stranded on De Wolfe's Plateau on Saturday. It's a long story, constable. Can I tell Cathy and Steve about my husband?"
 "By all means."
 Lavina mind whirled as she tried to absorb the information. Grant dead! But how could he be? "What caused the crash?"
 "Preliminary reports suggest engine failure or a heavy coating of ice on the wings forced the Cessna down. It could have been heading for De Wolfe's Plateau."
 "So Grant did change his mind!" Lavina muttered, more to herself than the policewoman. She swallowed, thanked the constable and moved back to where both Steve and Cathy were waiting with apprehensive expressions.
 "The Cessna crashed and Grant was killed," Lavina turned to her daughter. "I'm sorry, sweetheart. It seems your father was flying back up to the plateau on Monday morning and crashed two valleys back…"
 "Dad's dead!" Cathy gasped, her face drained of blood and her lip quivered.
 "I'm afraid so, Cathy," Julianna Webber said softly. "Your Cessna crashed in steep bush country."
 "Serves the bugger right!" Cathy screamed but tears flooded into her eyes. She turned, flung her arms around Lavina's neck and buried her sobbing head in her shoulder.
 "We're heading to the hospital," Andy said. "It'll only be twenty minutes or so."
 "Thank you," Lavina said. She was still deep in thought, bit on her lower lip and gave Steve's hand a squeeze.
 A small crowd waited as the helicopter landed on the helipad at one of the city's public hospitals and reporters converged on the three as they dashed out under the rotor and were shown into a waiting ambulance for the short journey to the hospital itself.
 "How did you survive the storm?" a voice called out. "Is it true you were in the Cessna crash…? "A week in the bush is sure a…"
 The voices became a jumble as Andy elbowed the reporters and television cameras out of the way, jumped in the ambulance with the trio and yelled at the driver to get going.
 *
An hour later, Lavina studied the doctor's face and tried to fathom his facial expression. Something was wrong!
 "Mrs. Ryland," the hospital consultant said. "I'm Doctor Maurice Chappel. I was called in to examine your daughter's toes. They're more than just badly bruised, I'm afraid. She has frostbite. Two toes on her left foot need to be amputated immediately."
 "Oh my God! Is there no other way?"
 "I am afraid not, Mrs. Ryland. It's necessary to perform the operation as soon as possible. One more day in those hills and she could have lost all her toes on both feet, or even a foot itself. You'll need to sign the necessary papers."
 "It's not fair, doctor. After all this…" Lavina blinked back tears and held a trembling hand out to sign the document on the clipboard held out for her. "Will there be any complications?"
 "I believe she'll be fine, Mrs. Ryland. We'll need to keep a close eye on the other foot but I'm almost certain it will heal. Youngsters Cathy's age have remarkable resilience, Mrs. Ryland," the doctor continued. “She'll need crutches for a few weeks and may have to learn to rebalance herself when walking. Within a few months you'll hardly be able to tell she has missing toes."
 "Months!"
 "It could be shorter."
 "I want to tell her myself," Lavina said. "Steve too, please.”
 "Is he the girl's father?"
 'No," the distraught woman snapped. "A thousand times better than her natural father. Her father was the bastard who caused it all."
 The doctor nodded as if he understood. "We'll be along to prepare your daughter in fifteen minutes," he said kindly.
 Lavina nodded and walked out of the small office to where Steve was waiting.
 "What's wrong?" Steve asked after one look at her pallid face.
 "It's Cathy," Lavina sobbed. "Her toes."
 "Frostbite?"
 "You knew?"
 "I guessed," Steve said. "We'll tell her together, shall we?"
 "Yes." Lavina led Steve into the adjacent room where Cathy was lying in a bed with a nurse fussing around her.
 "What's wrong, Mum?"
 "The doctor said they have to amputate two of your toes on your left foot, Cathy."
 Cathy nodded but seemed to take the news well. "Will it hurt?"
 "No, sweetheart. You won't feel a thing."
 "Will you and Steve stay at the hospital while it's being done?"
 "Of course." Steve smiled down at her. "And when you come out of hospital you can stay at my place. Okay?"
 "No more boarding school?"
 "No more boarding school," Lavina said.
 *
 Lavina's next big hurdle was visiting the farm. The immediate neighbours had helped by feeding the dogs and supervising the farm animals since her disappearance and the subsequent news of Grant's death. She had accepted Bob and Fiona McPherson's offer to continue to keep an eye on the farm as she did not feel up to staying in her own home.
 *
 Grant Ryland's funeral was well attended by family, friends and acquaintances. Afterwards, at the traditional light afternoon tea in the funeral home Lavina moved from one group of mourners to another, saying the usual things one says at a funeral, promising to contact old friends again and knowing, full well it wouldn't happen.
 Finally, she moved to the side of the reception room and took a few moments to sip coffee and restore her thoughts. She'd asked Steve not to come and Cathy was still in hospital so the people most important to her were not with her.
 "It's all your fault!" a harsh female voice said from behind.
 "Pardon me?" Lavina turned and saw a young woman dressed in a formal suit. Her mind raced trying to trace the person. Of course, it was Janice Ludlow, her late husband's mistress.
 The woman had been weeping but now her eyes were hard and uncompromising. "It's all your fault Grant is dead," she hissed. "Grant was an excellent pilot and no way would the plane have just crashed."
 "Now listen here..."
 "And I'm going to prove it."
 Before Lavina could respond, another woman approached and stood beside her. "Go home, Janice," she said. "This isn't the time or place to vent your anger. Grant was killed in an accident and, from what I heard, Lavina has also been through a tragic time."
 It was Nancy Ryland, Grant's first wife. Lavina watched as Janice Ludlow snorted and stormed away before turning to the woman.
 "Don't worry about her, Lavina," Nancy said. "She's just like her mother. Mary always was a trouble maker."
 "Thank you," Lavina replied and bit on her lip, not knowing what to say next.
 "I'm Nancy Morrow now," the older woman replied with a gentle smile. She was still small in stature but looked well dressed and not the frail creature Lavina remembered. "Grant was a bit of a bastard, wasn't he?"
 "He was?" Lavina said.
 "And I heard this Janice Ludlow was his latest bit of fluff."
 "Like me thirteen years ago."
 "Not really." Nancy sighed. "I felt sorry for you then, Lavina. I knew what Grant was like. You weren't the first he put in the family way. The others just sort of disappeared from the district. Anyhow, that was years ago. How are you, anyway?"
 "I was fine until Janice Ludlow accosted me."
 "Forget about her." Nancy said. "Look, come over and meet Blake, my husband. We've been married five years, now."
 I'd love to meet him," Lavina said as a tall stout man in his late forties ambled towards them.
 "Pleased to meet you at last, Lavina," he boomed and held out a hand as big as a plate. "Nancy's talked about you a lot."
 They spoke for a while until someone else drifted up to offer condolences to Lavina and Nancy and Blake moved away.
 "I'll call you sometime," Nancy said as she stepped away.
*
 The next piece of unusual news came when Lavina visited Simon Aikin, her family lawyer, the following afternoon.
 "Your husband never left a will. I guess he thought he was immortal," the lawyer began and handed her another document. "I searched back and found the will of Joseph Clarence Ryland, your late father-in-law."
 "Yes, Grant's Dad died a decade back.  He was a fair old man. I liked him."
 ''He apparently thought the same about you. Did you ever read his will?"
 "No."
 "I think Joe knew his son very well. He left him controlling interest in the family farm but not ownership."
 "What!" Lavina sat forward in her chair. This was unexpected information. "Who owns it then?"
 "You do, Lavina," Simon said. "Your father-in-law left everything to you and added the proviso that if Grant ever divorced you, his rights of controlling interest would be forfeited and you would inherit everything. If however, you predeceased him and were still his wife on your death, the inheritance would pass onto him. Otherwise Cathy would inherit."
 "I was never told." She frowned. "You were my father-in-law's lawyer at that time. Why didn't you inform me?"
 Aikin flushed. "I apologize for that, Lavina. You seemed a happily married couple at the time. I explained everything to Grant and he said he'd inform you."
 "The old bastard. No wonder he stuck with me and became possessive if I even looked at another man. He knew if I walked out on him the farm would go, too."
 "The only mistake your father-in-law made was to give Grant controlling interest, which meant he could run the farm as he wished without consulting you. Grant ran the place into debt and had two mortgages that haven't been serviced for almost a year now. The bank is about to foreclose and sell the property."
 Lavina paled. "Grant said everything was paid up." She picked up the mortgage papers and glared at the lawyer. "I guess he thought I wouldn't be around, he would inherit what was left after the sale and still be quite a rich man."
 "What do you mean?"
 "We weren't stranded in the ranges by accident, Simon," Lavina explained. "It was cold blooded and deliberate." She detailed everything that happened and concluded, "…I walked in the sitting room just after breakfast to find Cathy slumped over the couch. I thought he'd killed her. I ran outside in hope of getting to my car where I had left my mobile phone. That's all I remember except a bang and pain in my shoulder. I guess he had fired one of those dart pistols at me. I woke up to find Steve there."
 "Have you told this to the police?"
 "Partly. They didn't seem very interested. They were more concerned about asking why Steve was with me and insinuated we were just having an affair together." She frowned. "As if we'd expose ourselves, not to mention Cathy to all that danger for a naughty weekend."
 "I'll speak to them," Simon answered. "And as for this mortgage" he added. "I doubt if we can save the farm, Lavina but you won't be left destitute."
 "I trust you Simon. Do what you can for me."
 "I shall," the lawyer answered. "Don't you worry about a thing."
 Lavina found Steve waiting for her in the foyer. "Strange events," she sighed and related the information learned. "His father knew what he was like. No wonder Grant kept me around. He needed me or he'd lose the farm. That was why he never cared about the debts, either. It was my farm he was ruining, not his."
*

CHAPTER 10
Emerson Heights Middle School was a private school that shared the same spacious grounds as the junior and high schools of the same name. The fourth major complex on the grounds was the boarding house that boarded girls for all three schools.
 Lavina drove up in front of the administration building and walked inside with some apprehension. The principal, Diane Cameron, had personally phoned her at Steve's place that morning and asked her to come in for a meeting.
 A girl about Cathy's age dressed in the blue school uniform glanced up from a small desk just inside the door.
 "Good afternoon, Madam. I'm Ellie, student host for this afternoon. Can I be of assistance?"
 Lavina smiled and gave her name. "You're Cathy's mum?" The girl grinned and forgot all about the ladylike manners. "I'm in her class. How is she? When is she coming' back to school? Did she get our cards and flowers?" All the questions came tumbling out.
 "She's fine." Lavina smiled. "I hope she'll be back before too long. She's not boarding, though."
 "Aw, we'll miss her, Mrs. Ryland. Everyone likes Cathy. She's just about the only one in the middle school who's not scared of the seniors."
 This was a different version of school life from what Cathy had told her. Perhaps their decision to withdraw her had been a little hasty. But in the present circumstances, she couldn't afford the fees, anyway.
 "Want a cup of coffee, Mrs. Ryland?"
 "No thanks. I have an appointment with Miss Cameron in five minutes."
 "That'll be a quarter hour," Ellie said, chuckling. "Old Candy Bar," she flushed, "I mean Miss Cameron believes in keeping parents waiting. It makes her feel important, I guess."
 However, in exactly five minutes, the thin forties aged principal walked out of an office with her hand outstretched. "Come in Mrs. Ryland."
 Lavina saw Ellie's surprise as the girl shrugged at her from behind the principal's back.
 "First, let me offer our deepest sympathy for the untimely death of your husband and also Cathy's traumatic surgery," the principal continued.
 "That's kind of you," Lavina said. "The cards and flowers from the trust board, staff and the girls in Cathy's class were appreciated. Her hospital room is full."
 "That's what I rang you about. There was an Emerson Heights Trust Board meeting last night to discuss Cathy's time at our school."
 Lavina frowned. Here it comes, the  we'd love to keep her with us but due to your present financial position routine. She was about to say they were going to enrol Cathy at the local state school when Diane Cameron's expression made her stop. The woman was smiling as she spoke. Lavina had missed the first words but tuned in to listen.
 "…the Carolyn Andrew Scholarship is one of several we award. It's awarded to deserving pupils who have shown fortitude and bravery in their young lives. This is quite distinct from the other scholarships awarded on pure academic grounds. The Emerson Heights Trust Board has decided to offer the Carolyn Andrew Scholarship to your daughter, Mrs. Ryland. It will cover tuition costs for the remainder of this year and also Years Nine and Ten."
 Lavina gulped. This was totally unexpected. "I don't know how to reply," she stuttered. "I was about to say we'd have to take Cathy away…"
 "Cathy is a well liked and respected pupil. I hope you'll consider our offer and accept it."
 "I'll need to talk to her, but I'm sure she'd love to accept your generous offer."
 "Good." Diane Cameron stood up. "If you accept, the scholarship will start as soon as she is well enough to return to school."
*
"Mum!" Cathy said excitedly an hour later. Her bandaged foot, minus two toes and a small section of adjoining flesh, was propped up on a box at the end of the bed. "You said yes, didn't you?"
 "I said I'd ask you. Do you want to go back?"
 "Of course I do," Cathy almost yelled. "It was only the boarding that was a problem."
 "Great!" Lavina laughed. "I'll phone Old Candy Bar and tell her you'll be back next week; that's if you don't mind walking around school on your crutches. The doctor said you could return to school then."
 "Old Candy Bar? How did you know Miss Cameron's nickname?"
 "Mothers know everything," Lavina said, laughing. It was wonderful to have something turning out well after all the other frustrations since their rescue.
 *
 "How do I look?" Cathy hobbled into the kitchen of the apartment and swung herself around. She was dressed in a blue tartan skirt, sky blue blouse and blue jersey with her hair tied back in a ponytail.
 Steve grinned. "Your new winter uniform looks great."
 "Hurry, I'll drop you off," Lavina said.
 "Can Steve drive me in the jeep? Everyone arrives by car but not many have a Jeep Wrangler."
 "It's filthy," Steve said. "I've had no time to clean it since we got it back from the police."
 "No it isn't." Cathy smirked. "Go and have a look!"
 When Steve arrived in the basement car park he saw the jeep all clean and shining. Even the tyres had been washed.
 "You have been busy." He scuffled the youngster's hair.
 "Well, I had to do something when you two were at all those meetings with the lawyer and at school," Cathy said. She swung the crutches out, lifted her woollen sock covered foot and shot across the concrete floor. Within seconds she was sitting in the vehicle, waiting. Steve kissed Lavina goodbye, ambled across to the jeep and drove off.
 The arrival at school was almost as spectacular with half a dozen or more classmates waiting by the drive. Cathy hobbled out, tried to appear, oh so suave, gave Steve a casual wave and disappeared into the building.
 Steve grinned, reversed around and headed for the office. Like Lavina, he was so pleased everything had worked out for Cathy. Now there were the farm problems to solve.
 *
 Lavina was home in the apartment going through a pile of farm financial documents when there was a knock on the door. She opened it to find a red headed woman a few years older than herself standing in the corridor.
 "You must be Lavina," the woman said in a pleasant voice. "I am Trish Garnet, Steve's wife."
 Lavina felt a pang of apprehension and her face showed it.
 "Don't worry," Trish said. "It's nothing bad. Can I come in?"
 "Sure." Lavina stepped back.
 "I purposely came to see you. The apartment looks nice. I can see a woman's touch."
 "Thank you," Lavina said.
 "Steve and I had an agreement to split our assets," Trish coughed, " I want to revise it."
 "So what has all this got to do with me?"
 "I am prepared to give Steve our house at 23 Ashley Grove if he'd take over the mortgage and give this apartment back to me, plus half what we called the Number 3 account. In other words, it will be a straight swap back on what we had originally agreed to."
 "Why?"
 "I find myself in need of a little money," Trish admitted. "Of course I could sell the house but with the depressed market and mortgage, I'd hardly have enough money to purchase an apartment like this. I heard you were living with Steve and have a daughter. Surely this apartment is somewhat small for you."
 "We like it here," Lavina snapped.
"Steve will do okay. I don't want the whole of what was our joint account, only half. Add it all up. I'm not trying to swindle him."
 "And you want me to persuade Steve because you think he'll just say no if you approached him yourself?"
 "Something like that," Trish admitted and grinned. "Have you seen our house in Ashley Grove?"
 "No."
 "Are you free now?"
 "Until three thirty. I have to pick my daughter up from school then."
 "We can pick your daughter up on the way back."
*
Lavina was impressed with the house. Somehow the design seemed to reflect Steve, the workshop and a loft bedroom in particular.
 "Steve drew most of the plans for it," Trish said as they sat in the kitchen drinking tea after the tour. "I bet your daughter would like it."
 Lavina looked at her watch. "We need to go now. I don't want to be late. She's just started school again."
*
With three women providing gentle pressure, Steve never stood a chance. A month later Lavina, Cathy and Steve moved to 23 Ashley Grove. Cathy was given the massive downstairs bedroom, which had its own patio and suite. Lavina felt embarrassed at the sheer size of the place. It even made the farmhouse look tiny.
 "I want to help finance it, Steve," she said. "When the farm sale goes through I can use the money left to pay off the mortgage here."
 "And you'd do that?" Steve replied.
 "Of course." Lavina smiled warmly. 'We're family, remember?"
 "Oh yes." Steve laughed. "I'd forgotten."
 "Steve!"
 "I'm kidding." Steve wrapped his arms around her and plunked a kiss on her responsive lips.
*
Kevin Thornton, Inspector of Air Accidents, stared across at Police Inspector Harold Matthews and pointed to the paragraph under discussion.
 "The aircraft was flying illegally, Harry," he said. "It was hundreds of hours overdue for an engine overhaul but it is my considered opinion that engine failure was caused by fuel starvation, not a mechanical failure."
 The police inspector grunted. "How so?"
 "The lead from the fuel tank came off, fuel leaked out, starved the motor and, on impact, a spark ignited it. That's why the Cessna blew up. It had nothing to do with the temperature or weather conditions. Much of the aircraft was incinerated in the aftermath of the explosion, but as far as we can tell, the de-icing equipment and carburettor were working perfectly."
 "What made the lead come off?"
 "I'd say someone loosened it. It was deliberately sabotaged."
 "So that falls directly into my territory," Matthews said. "Thanks Kevin. We'll get back to you."
 After Kevin Thornton left, Matthews turned to his subordinates. "I suspected this. That's why I set you two on the case. Any suspects or information yet, Pat?"
 Detective Sergeant Pat Stein placed another document on the desk. "Plenty. Ryland apparently thought of himself as a lady's man. He was an alcoholic, dabbled in drugs, and over the years had a series of affairs. He was mortgaged up to the eyeballs and the bank was about to foreclose. Apparently, the farm was poorly managed. If it wasn't for his wife, he would have gone under years ago."
 "Suspects?"
 The sergeant coughed, "Basically his wife, Lavina Ryland; mistress Janice Ludlow, the wife's boyfriend Steve Garnet; a couple of business acquaintances he owed money to and two women he'd had affairs with earlier on."
"There is one other possibility," Detective Constable Jane Frankton said. "It may have been an elaborate suicide. The man was about to go under and his much younger wife was having an affair."
 "But wouldn't he have just dived the Cessna into the ground? Why go to all the bother of loosening the fuel supply?"
 "He was a slimy bastard, sir. Perhaps he wanted it to look like murder," Stein said. "I'm inclined to think he planned to kill his wife, daughter and Garnet. According to their statements, he deliberately had them knocked out with a tranquilliser dart and left them on that top plateau. He was prone to jealous outrages, especially when he was high on drugs."
 "If that was the case he'd hardly go and kill himself two days later," Matthews added.
 "Improbable, but a possibility."
 "I think we can discount the suicide theory," Matthews said. "We have a homicide on our hands. Continue your investigation. Keep it undercover, though. If the murderer thinks he or she is in the clear, they'll make some error. Check everything, personal involvement, financial dealings, everything?"
*
Simon Aikin smiled as he glanced at his clients. "Since we last met, Lavina, I've been in contact with the bank. As long as an attempt is made to pay the outstanding interest, they've promised to hold off on foreclosing the mortgage, giving you six months or so leeway."
 "So I can continue farming the property, buy or sell animals or whatever?"
 "Yes, but you can't sell any of the land. You can certainly sell the spring lambs, but can't sell all your farm animals together at auction."
 "What about the deer. Can they be sold off?"
 "I think the bank would agree to that," Simon replied. "As long as the money went back to service the mortgage."
 "Good. We'll do that for a start." Lavina grimaced at Steve before turning back to the lawyer. "Can I put a manager on the place?"
 "Certainly," Simon said. "In fact, I was about to advise you to do exactly that. It would have to be a short-term contract though. I could draw up the papers if you wish."
 "That's all I'd want," Lavina replied. "Our accountant gave us a pretty gloomy prediction about what would be left after the bank took its money back. We'd have to sell anyway."
 "I'll handle it right away," Simon said.
 "Thanks, Simon," Lavina said. "I don't really want to go back there to live. Thirteen years was more than enough."
*
 "That only leaves one thing," Lavina said as they drove towards the school to pick up Cathy.
 "What's that?" Steve said.
 "The old school property. It's just been sitting there since everything happened."
 "I know. I guess I forgot about it. Mind you, it's winter now so I guess I couldn't do a lot there anyhow."
 "Let's go back this weekend, Steve. We can stay at my house. I need to get bits sorted out there, anyway. If we get a manager, we can let them have the furnished house. Grant's stuff has been taken away but there's still plenty of Cathy's and my things."
 "Good idea, but I'll help you. The old school can wait. It was intended to be just a hobby anyway. We could put the trailer on the jeep and bring a load back.” He grinned. "Getting my house back was a good idea. At least we have room to store things."
 "I love it, Steve, and so does Cathy."
 "I know." Steve grinned. "Just about taken it over, hasn't she?"
 "Yeah." Lavina laughed. "I've never seen so many girls in my life. I reckon the school could just about move to Ashley Grove. The girls from her old boarding dorm love visiting. Gets them away from school, I guess."
 "That and the spa pool," Steve said.
 He swung the jeep into the school driveway just as the home bell rang. The quiet street was suddenly filled with hundreds of girls in their blue uniforms heading home. And Cathy was waiting for them, all grins again as she leaned on her crutches for perhaps the last time. 
*

CHAPTER 11
"My God, we're in trouble now." Steve grinned over the back of the passenger's seat of Lavina's Nissan Pulsar where Cathy and her friend Donna were seated. It was the mid-winter school holidays and Steve decided to take a week off, too, so he could help Lavina sort out the farmhouse before the new manager shifted in. He could even find time at the old school, too, if he was lucky.
 "Why?" Cathy retorted when Steve's eyes fell on her. She was dressed in her new jeans, top and jacket, all presents from her party the night before.
 "With your birthday yesterday we have a teenager in the family. I don't know if we'll be able to cope," he said.
 Cathy screwed her nose up. "Mum! Make Steve stop teasing me. I'm no different."
 "You're in real trouble now, Steve," Donna interrupted with a grin. "I've been thirteen for two months."
 Throwing his hands up in mock horror, Steve grinned at Lavina as she turned off the highway to Lower Forks Road. The car was filled with bags and gear for their week's stay and they were all looking forward to getting away from the city.
 Lavina chose to ignore the good-natured banter. "The road's a bit swishy. I hope there aren't any more slips farther up. We had enough rain in the city and usually it is heavier up here."
 She shifted down and manoeuvred the heavy car expertly around a tight bend as the windshield wipers had to be switched on again. They continued on through heavier rain before descending below the rain clouds into the valley.
 "The last time we had weather like this was up on De Wolfe's Plateau," Steve said. "I hope it doesn't turn to snow."
 "I hope it does," Cathy said.
 "Well, you won't be going out in it with your sore foot," Lavina said.
 "Awe Mum. The doctor said I could treat it as normal now. Tell her, Steve."
 "Me!" laughed Steve. "You fight your own battles, Miss Teenager."
 Cathy scowled for a second and then turned to her friend, Donna. "Mum did say we could ride the quad bike."
 "Only if Donna drives," Lavina said. "You won't be able to change gears." She glanced in the rear vision mirror. "And only on the farm tracks except the steep back one until the weather improves."
 "And wear safety helmets, " Steve added.
 Donna's eyes glowed. The four-wheeled quad bike was one of the attractions of the holiday. "Yes Steve and Lavina," she said, giving Cathy a poke in the leg.
 Fifteen minutes later they arrived and everyone helped carry bags and groceries inside. Much of the cleaning had been completed and all evidence of Lavina's late husband was gone. The only subconscious reference to the man was Lavina's refusal to sleep in the old master bedroom. Instead, she'd moved her clothes and personal items into what had been the guest room.
 "This will be our room," she said to Steve the first night. "I don't want to be tainted by old memories."
 The house seemed friendly again and it wasn't long before a blazing fire was alight in the sitting room and the girls were cackling away in Cathy's bedroom. Steve and Lavina sat down for a cup of coffee in the kitchen.
 "So what did you think of our final selection for the temporary manager?" Steve asked.
 "He sounds perfect," Lavina said. "With only four replies to our advertisement and the first two looking like they were more interested in growing drugs than farming, I was becoming despondent. Mind you, either of the last pair seemed suitable."
 Lavina had insisted Steve help her select the farm manager and they'd checked out the applicants and had interviews the week earlier. Their final selection was Barrie Dey, a third year university student who had to complete three month's practical work on a high country farm as part of his Bachelor of Agriculture degree. Though only in his early twenties, he seemed confident and knowledgeable.
 "I think we made the right choice," Steve said. "I had a feeling the other guy would move on if anything better turned up. There'd be nothing worse than having someone walk out in the middle of spring lambing."
 "I agree. I was impressed with Barrie, too," Lavina said. "Come on, you can help pack all the crockery we're taking home with us. A bachelor will hardly need a forty piece dinner set."
*
The crisp white frost had melted. After a good deal of nagging, Cathy and Donna were allowed to take the quad bike out across the track that was cut up a moderate hillside to an upper plateau. The heavy tread of four tyres crunched through the ice that still covered the shady slopes as Donna roared the vehicle forward in one of the crawler gears. Clouds of blue smoke chugged out the exhaust.
 "Come on, Donna!" screamed Cathy from the rear of the extended seat as she clung to her friend's waist. "Put it in a higher gear and go a little faster instead of just roaring hell out of the motor."
Both teenagers wore bright blue crash helmets, thick jackets, gloves and knitted black balaclavas. On their feet were gumboots, the rubber footwear that reached their calves.
 "Okay," Donna shifted gears. The quad bike's tyres bit the soil and propelled the two passengers in a burst of acceleration. The driver gasped and throttled back to a more sedate speed.
 Cathy took her eyes off the track and gazed over the farm. In the valley to their right the roof of the farm house could be seen amongst tall trees and hedges while further back, the gravel road wound away with the Upper Forks Road School just visible in the distance. She swung her head and gazed over the sunny green slope ahead dotted with white blobs of grazing sheep. However, her gaze detected something moving across on the other hill. A person had just reached the crest of the hill and was striding across the flat top paddock.
 "Nobody should be walking across our property," she yowled and tapped Donna on the back. "Let's go and investigate."
 "Right," Donna yelled back. "How do I get there?"
 "This track leads around the side of the hill and comes out at the end of the top paddock. From there we can drive across the grass."
 Half way around, a section of the road below came into view below them. A small orange car was parked on a grass verge.
 "I know that car," Cathy hissed. "It's Janice Ludlow's, the woman Dad was having a fling with. Now, what would she be doing crossing our farm?"
 "Beats me." Donna yelled back. She slowed on a tight bend, changed back to a low ratio gear and waited for Cathy's criticism but praise came instead.
 "You're going well," Cathy said. "Stop by the gate at the top. I'll open it for you, then it's all the way across the paddock."
 By the time the girls reached the spot where Janice Ludlow had been seen, the woman had disappeared. The girls climbed off their vehicle and strolled around searching in all directions.
 "Look here, Cathy!" Donna shouted.
 Cathy joined her on the edge of the hill where it sloped back down into a steep shaded valley. Distinct in the white frost, footprints led down out of sight.
 "Come on," Cathy said. "We'll have to walk."
 The going was slow but Donna waited patiently for Cathy and gave a guiding hand on the steeper sections. They eventually reached a fence line bordering a line of thick native bush. The footprints led directly to the fence before they stopped.
 "What's there?" Donna asked.
 "The cave. It's actually a tiny stream that goes through a narrow canyon. The foliage above has grown right across in parts. The canyon meanders around until the stream goes into this huge cave and comes about half a kilometre away on the other side of the road just beyond a bridge. It's fun to walk through in summer but can be a raging torrent at this time of the year. I would imagine the rocks along the edges would be covered after all the rain we've been having.” She grimaced. “It's a steep climb down to the bottom, though. Years ago Dad tied a wire all the way down and cut some steps in the bank. I doubt if I could make it with my foot, though."
 Donna shivered, "Why would this woman go there all by herself?"
 “What was that?" Cathy whispered. Both girls stopped and listened as a faint cry filled the air.
 The girls stared at each other and cupped their gloved hands to their mouths and called out.
 "Help me!" a muffled reply came back.
 "Sounds like she's slipped or something," Donna said. "I'll go and look."
 Cathy grabbed her sleeve. ”No. It's too dangerous. You're faster than me. Take the bike and find Mum or Steve. I'll wait here!"
 "We're here!" she screamed down the bank. "We'll get help!"
 There was no reply.
 It took half an hour, but finally the ancient Land Rover appeared and drove down to where a cold and impatient Cathy waited. Lavina and Donna jumped out and dashed to her.
 "Even though I've kept shouting, I've heard nothing," Cathy reported.
 "Okay," Lavina said and handed Cathy the mobile phone. "Donna and I will go and have a look. Steve's at the school but probably left his mobile phone in the car. Try to get him. If you can't and we aren't back in half an hour, ring the McPhersons next door."
 "Right, Mum." Cathy was worried.
 "I've got a thermos of coffee in the Land Rover," Lavina said. "Go and sit in it and have some. There are some sandwiches, too. I was making them for your lunch when Donna arrived."
 "Thanks Mum."
With a coil of rope slung around her shoulders and a torch in her hand, Lavina disappeared down the slope. Donna gave a wave and Cathy was alone. In the distance a bellbird twittered a song but she was too apprehensive to be impressed. She ambled over to the Land Rover and tried Steve's number. The call rang but there was no reply.
 *
Lavina examined the path and made a slipknot in the rope, tied it around a small shrub trunk and tossed the rest of the rope down into the cavity below.
 "I'll go first, Donna," she said.
 She moved down backwards hand over hand until her feet found a secure foothold just above where the normally trickling brook, tumbled past in a dirty brown torrent, two meters wide and half a meter deep. There were still dry rocks on each side and footprints could be seen in a tiny gravel section.
 "Janice, can you hear me!" Lavina called out.
 "Hear me…hear me…hear me," the echoes bounded back.
 She listened but could only hear the tumbling water.
 "Hello!" she screamed.
"'Hello…hello…hello," echoed her voice again before a faint, "Help me, please," became intermingled with it.
 "I heard it, Lavina," Donna said in a hushed voice as she reached Lavina's side. "Wow. It's creepy down here. Cold, too!"
 Lavina recovered the rope and handed the torch to her young companion. "Remember to step where I do, Donna. And watch out for stinging nettle. It can grow quite vicious down here." She pointed to a branch of spiky shaped leaves growing on a bush in the bank. "Don't let it touch your skin."
 With Donna like a shadow following every step, Lavina pushed her way through the foliage of grass and ferns, over a massive tree trunk jammed across the gap and down another steep section of rocks until they were on the floor of the canyon. The walls on each side were covered in dripping moss and, high above tree branches twisted together in a canopy of light green. In one spot, a ray of dust sprinkled sunlight shone down and bathed a wall in light. The brown water tossed and jumped in a miniature version of the river she had travelled through in the raft.
 "It's pretty down here," Donna whispered.
 "Yes. It's lovely in summer. Come on! I hope you don't mind getting your feet wet. I think we'll have to wade through water before too long."
 "No problem."
 The main obstacles were the dozens of logs jammed everywhere. They went under some, over others and even along a few with the water pounding beneath them, until the area opened out and there was a small gravel spit on the side. Several footprints could be seen facing the way they were heading.
 "Janice!" Lavina yelled.
 "I'm here in the cave," the reply came back faint but distinct. "I think my foot is broken."
 The pair made their way cautiously until they reached the dark cave. It was shaped like a Russian church with an onion shaped point towering above them. Donna shivered and switched on the torch.
 "We'll get wet," Lavina observed. The stream stretched from wall to wall but didn't seem too deep.
She stepped in and found the water reached half way up her gumboots with the pressure pushing the rubber in. "I think we'll use the rope again," she said. “That water's pretty swift."
 With Donna's help she tied the rope to a firm log jammed between the rocks, walked into the cave and fed the rope out as she went. It worked well but ran out before they'd completed their journey. Lavina tied the end to another log and continued on.
 "I can see your torch," the voice sobbed through the darkness.
 They found the distressed woman sitting on a log with one foot jammed through the debris beneath. She stared at them with wide eyes.
 "Lavina Ryland!" she gasped and fear shot across her face.
 Lavina asked Donna to shine the torch around. "It's okay, Janice," she said as the woman's staring eyes and white face came into view. "I've come to help."
 "I'm sorry, Lavina," Janice said. "I was a damn fool coming here but I just wanted to get away from everything."
 "Where's your torch?" Lavina asked.
 "I never had one. That was the trouble. I thought I could see but didn't remember how dark it became. I was trying to walk along this log and slipped through a rotten bit. My leg became stuck and when I attempted to get out my foot became twisted somehow."
 "Okay," Lavina said. “I'll see if I can crawl underneath and free it."
 "You'd do this for me?"
 "Of course. Why not?"
 "Well, I wasn't exactly friendly to you at Grant's funeral."
 "You were under stress. We all say things we don't mean."
 "But I did," Janice answered. "It was afterwards I found out about you being dumped on the plateau." Her voice trailed off. "It almost fits in with what happened that Sunday."
 "Forget about it," Lavina replied. "Let's get you out of here first." She made her way past Janice and let herself down the meter drop on the other side so she was standing in the cold water. "Damn!"
 "What is it, Lavina?" Donna said.
 "The water's flooded into my gumboot." Lavina shivered. "Hell, it's cold." She bent down and took the offending footwear off, tipped the water out and handed it up to Donna. "I'll give you both of them, Donna, then you hand me the torch."
 In the harsh torchlight she could see Janice's foot jammed between two large branches just above the water level. The freezing water was up to her thigh. As she stepped forward, the icy water reached her waist. Water soaked jeans clung to her skin like concrete. Lavina grinned to herself. She should be used to this by now.
 "I'm under you," she yelled up.
 Janice's foot was twisted and wedged in but did not appear broken. Lavina tugged on the bottom most branch and felt it give a little. "I'm going to undo your boot lace," she called out again. "When I yell, try to pull your foot out."
 "Okay!"
 Tightened by the water, the knot was impossible to undo so Lavina took a small pocketknife out and cut the lace. The top of the boot sprang out but Janice's foot was still wedged between two branches.
 "Donna," Lavina called. "Can you find a stick to use as a wedge and come down here?"
 "Sure, Lavina!"
 Seconds later the shivering teenager appeared behind her with a stout piece of wood in her hand.
 "Thanks," Lavina said. "Just what I needed. I'm going to wedge it between the two branches. When I pry them apart, I want you to twist Janice's boot. Okay?"
 Donna clutched at a branch beside them and nodded. Water was up to her chest and the frail girl seemed to remain in one spot through sheer determination. "Okay. Lavina," she said, reaching up to the boot.
 "Janice," Lavina yelled. “When I tell you, try to pull your foot out of your boot."
 "Okay!"
 Lavina poked the wood between the branches so it was on a diagonal. She hoped that the pressure pulling down on the long bit sticking out would move the twisted branches apart long enough for the foot to move. If it didn't work, they'd have to get a chainsaw to cut the branches. She gritted her teeth and wedged the stick further in. Handing the torch to Donna, she pulled downwards. There was a creak of parting timbers, and the boot appeared loose.
 "Now!" she yelled. The pressure was terrific and she doubted if she had the strength to hold it apart for more than a few seconds.
 Donna pushed the boot up, saw she was getting nowhere and switched her tactics. She moved sideways a fraction, grabbed the swollen ankle and yanked it towards her. Janice screamed in agony but their combined effort was enough. Just as Lavina's arms could maintain the pressure no more, Janice's ankle slipped out and the boot went tumbling into the stream below.
 "We did it!" Donna shouted. In her excitement she dropped the torch.
 The light plunged into an eerie darkness but, to the youngster's surprise, the torch still shone beneath the water. She gasped, took a breath, reached down for it and came up spluttering, saturated with water streaming off her hair. Meanwhile, Lavina had let the wedge go and Janice's foot disappeared through the gap above.
 “I got the torch," Donna said, shining the torch beam up the gap where Janice's foot had been.
 Lavina smiled and gave her young companion a hug of appreciation. Together the pair climbed out to where Janice was standing and nursing her ankle.
 "I don't think it will take my weight," Janice whispered. "I think it is sprained." Her attempt to walk ended in a stagger and a suppressed grunt of pain and all she managed was to find a branch behind her to sit on.
 "Okay," Lavina said. "Donna, can you make it back to Cathy by yourself? Take the torch with you."
 "Sure, Lavina," Donna said, shivering.
 "Tell Cathy what's happened. If she can't get Steve on the mobile phone she should ring Mr. McPherson and tell him we'll need another adult to help carry Janice out."
 "Fine, Lavina but you keep the torch. There's enough light to see." Before Lavina could protest, Donna placed the torch in her hand and was gone.
 Lavina stared at Janice's pale face and pinched lips. Lavina wiped a cold hand over her brow, sat beside her adversary and gave an inward sigh.
 "Tell me, Janice, " she asked in a quiet voice. "Why did you come down here, anyway?"
*

CHAPTER 12
After Donna disappeared, silence settled over the cave with only the quiet chatter of water running unseen beneath the log they were sitting on. Lavina switched the torch off and, as her eyes adjusted to the gloom, features of the surrounding area came to life.
 "Look," she whispered, giving Janice a brush on the arm.
 In the ceiling above thousands of tiny dots of blue lights glowed, more numerous than stars on a cloudless night. With the darkness and silence, tiny glowworms had begun to switch on.
 "When Cathy was younger we used to come down here just to see them. She used to make up little stories of tiny fairies."
 "Tell me, is Cathy good company?"
 Lavina could only see the outline of her head in the gloom. "Yes. She was the only person that kept me going over the last five years. After the school closed, we sent her off to Emerson as a boarder. She was only eleven at the time and it was as if my arm had been ripped off. I was so lonely here on the farm and Grant was no help."
 "You were his second wife. If you don't mind me asking, what were the circumstances?"
 Lavina felt annoyed for a second but her companion's tone somehow sounded as if she needed reassurance and wasn't just being nosy. The woman was slumped against the wall with her head back gazing at the glowworms. In profile, she was an attractive person with shoulder length brown hair hanging over her face.
 Of course, Lavina thought, Grant always went for the young slim attractive ones. She wondered why women were taken in by him. After all, his once masculine frame had turned to fat years ago and his hair had receded. She shuddered. It didn't matter any more. He was gone and she had Steve.
 "I'm sorry," said Janice who had taken Lavina's silence for disapproval. "It's none of my business."
 "No, I was just daydreaming. I had Cathy on the way. Grant's wife had walked out on him and we were married. That's what young ladies in the conservative country districts did in those days." She continued with a brief description of hers and Cathy's life, a little about the school before it closed and comments about the farm.
Without warning, Janice burst into tears; long tortured sobs with her body shaking in the darkness.
 "What's wrong?" 
 "I was carrying Grant's child," Janice managed to get out between the sobs. "On that Sunday I told him and he just called me a bloody little trollop who couldn't protect myself. The bastard never considered it was his responsibility, too." Her voice broke again and her head dropped. Lavina placed a comforting arm around her shoulders. "You must hate me."
 "No. To tell you the truth I hardly know you, Janice. But from what I hear now, I think you're a very lonely and desperate young lady. How old are you?"
 "Twenty," the girl sobbed.
 "The age I was when Cathy was born."
 The young woman continued to sob quietly. Lavina thought back to the conversation and couldn't help comparing Janice to herself at the same age. She too, had come from a conservative rural family, had no companionship and had been taken in by Grant's masculine charms, the facade of money and a flashy vehicle. Then Cathy was on the way. She thought back to the conversation. Janice had talked in the past tense about her pregnancy.
 "Are you still carrying the baby?"
 "No," snivelled Janice. "You don't have to worry about your daughter having a half brother or sister. I solved that part of it."
 "When?" Lavina's voice was full of empathy.
 "Just after Grant's funeral." Janice blew her nose on a wet handkerchief and the quiver in her voice subsided. "I thought I could get on with my life."
 “But it hasn't worked out that way?"
 "No. My father booted me out when he heard of my affair with Grant. He said he didn't want a slut in the family. I never even told him about the pregnancy. I told nobody, except Grant and now you."
 "And your mother?"
 "She died when I was fifteen. Poor Mum. She had a hard life. My father was so religious it became an obsession with him. I left home as soon as I could and only came back in the varsity holidays because I felt sorry for Dad." She shrugged. "Damned if I know why. He'll never change, now." She turned and her eyes looked white in the gloom. "This morning I was depressed and drove out to the district. I was going to visit Dad but chickened out and continued up the road. I parked at your place and walked across the farm. When I saw the quad bike chugging up the track I didn't want company so came down here. I've been here in the summer with Grant…" She heaved a sigh. "We'd meet here on a Sunday afternoon and… well you know."
 "That sounds like him."
 "Yes it was strange, somehow," Janice continued. "All my life Sunday meant going to church, sometimes twice, and having a dinner that Mum slaved over while Dad just read the paper in the front room. And there I was only a few years later being screwed by a local farmer almost every Sunday. In my twisted mind it seemed sort of revenge or something…" She sniffed again. "You wouldn't understand."
 "Oh, I think I do," Lavina said. "If you'd met someone like Steve instead of my husband you'd probably be very happy now. It's not your fault he was such a bastard. You'll meet someone, Janice. You're young, educated and attractive. One day you'll look back on these days and laugh about it all."
 Janice turned and her eyes met Lavina's. "I know now you couldn't have possibly sabotaged the Cessna, Lavina. But somebody did."
 "How do you know?"
 "I don't really. It's just too much of a coincidence. That Sunday, Grant took me for a short flight and the plane flew perfectly. He rattled on about having just replaced some parts in the engine and how pleased he was with it. He was quite pleasant earlier in the day before I told him of my condition."
 "Forget about all of that now," Lavina said. "We'll get you out of here and you can come up to the house. I'll find you some dry clothes. You're about my size." She laughed.
 "What's so funny?"
 "Oh nothing, " Lavina said chuckling. "Grant just liked woman built like us. You know, slim with ample breasts. The trouble was, I reckon, we had too many brains to go with it."
 Janice also gave a chuckle. "Lavina, thank you. I'm glad we had this chance to talk. I feel so much better now."
 "Even if it is in a freezing dark cave in the middle of winter," the older woman replied. "You know, I'm pleased we spoke, too. Woman's stuff, isn't it?"
 "Yes, woman's stuff," Janice replied and reached out so her cold hand squeezed Lavina's.
*
Their solitude was interrupted by an echoing yell up the cave and Donna appeared out of the darkness. She was still saturated but had a broad grin across her face.
 "Steve and Mr. Dey are on their way."
 "Mr. Dey?"
 "You know, Mum, your new worker. He came out on a visit and was talking to Steve."
 More voices and a torch shining in the distance interrupted them. Steve smiled at Lavina sitting safely on the log with drenched hair and soaked clinging clothes.
 "My God," he said, laughing. "You can't keep out of the stuff, can you?"
 "We're bloody cold," retorted Lavina. "Hi, Barrie. It's good to see you again." She nodded to her companion. "Meet Janice."
 "Hi,” Barrie replied, holding a hand out to Janice. "So you're the one with the broken leg."
 "Well not quite,” she replied and her eyes linked with the tall bearded man who was about her own age. "A twisted ankle is closer to the mark."
 "You were sensible not to try to walk out on it," Barrie said. "In these conditions you could have made it worse."
 Steve gave a concerned look to Lavina. "You okay?"
 "Fine. Only wet and cold. Once we get back to the house we can all dry off and have something hot to eat. I've got that pot of soup simmering away."
 "Right," Steve said. "I reckon if Barrie and I cross arms we can make a seat for Janice to sit on."
 The two men crouched down beside her. She slung her arms around their shoulders and was hoisted between them. Lavina and Donna walked in front to clear away branches and vegetation. Within ten minutes, they were at the bottom of the hillside where they'd first descended.
 The men set Janice to the ground and she hobbled to a rock to sit down. "Thanks, guys."
 Barrie squatted beside her and lifted the leg of her jeans so he could examine the wound. "It looks pretty bruised and swollen," he said. "If you were a horse we'd probably have to shoot you."
 "Thanks!" Janice said with a laugh.
 Barrie stood up. "I'll piggyback you up to the top. The track looks a bit narrow for the two of us to go up side by side."
 The climb up proved no problem. The bedraggled survivors tumbled into the Land Rovers and Steve started up and followed the other vehicle back while Lavina took the opportunity to bring him up to date on what she had learned.
 "I feel sorry for her," she concluded when they were almost back at the house. "She's only a kid really and seems utterly alone."
 "But did have a fling with your husband so she can't be that innocent." Steve said.
 "I know but I like her. She reminded me of myself, somehow."
 Steve drove into the implement shed and stopped, Cathy rushed up and their conversation was broken.
 It was now hot showers and baths with both bathrooms in full use over the next half hour. Finally the girls and Janice emerged with the visitor dressed in Lavina's clothes and using Cathy's crutches to move around. She smiled shyly at everyone and sat down at the kitchen table where Lavina had begun serving the soup. Barrie made a point of sitting opposite her and they soon struck up a conversation about their lives at the university.
 The girls bounced back to life and soon were off into the other room where Steve had his computer so they could surf the Internet.
 "We'll do the dishes," Lavina said. "You two go through into the front room and relax. I'll get you a basin of warm water for your ankle if you wish, Janice."
 "Thank you," Janice said. "I don't think it's too bad; just squashed by the branches and badly bruised."
 "Good." Lavina grinned. "Later, Steve can show Barrie around the farm. You're welcome to stay too if you wish, Janice."
 "I'd like that." Lavina saw the thank you look in Janice's eyes. "I'll need to get my car, though."
 "I'll walk up and get it," offered Barrie. "A walk in the sunshine will be good for me."
 "Everyone's being so considerate," Janice said in a quiet voice. "You're all strangers yet treat me so kindly." She glanced back at Lavina. "Are you sure you don't want help with the dishes?"
 "Go and soak your ankle," Lavina replied. "We've got two teenagers in the other room if we need any help."
 Janice smiled as Barrie held the door open for her as she limped through to the other room.
 "Don't make it too obvious, Miss Match Maker," Steve whispered to Lavina.
 She reached up and kissed Steve. "You should have seen her an hour or so ago. It can't do any harm."
*
Just before she left, Janice made a point of finding Lavina alone. "Considering the circumstances this sounds stupid but could we stay in touch? I haven't been able to talk to anyone in years yet this afternoon …"
 Lavina smiled. "I'll give you our town address and if you don't visit us, I'll be most annoyed," she said. "You'll need to return my clothes, anyway." She squeezed Janice's arms. "Remember to go and get your ankle checked."
 "Barrie said he'd follow me home then take me to the medical centre in town," Janice smiled. "I told him it wasn't necessary but he insisted.”
 "I wonder why!" Lavina chuckled.
 *
Steve woke in the middle of the night and found Lavina still tucked in his arms. He thought about their love making of a few hours ago and couldn't resist kissing her neck.
 Lavina swung around and sat up.
 "I was thinking," Steve said. "You said you could see no way out of having the farm sold to pay all the debts."
 Lavina switched on the bedside lamp. "Go on," she said.
 "I had a look at those figures and also survey sheets of the farm. You know it's in two titles?"
 "Yes." Lavina yawned and pulled a blanket up under her chin. "The neighbour's farm was sold out about twelve years ago and we bought that top plateau. About sixty acres, I think it was."
 "Would that include the track and cave?"
 "It does, why?"
 "Couldn't you keep that and sell the rest of the farm?"
 "But it wouldn't be profitable by itself."
 "Not as a farm maybe, but that cave would make a great tourist track. We could put a walkway through; people could stay at the school and visit the cave. I found out a bit on those huts near De Wolfe's Plateau, too. Apparently, that bush track we were on is one decommissioned by the government to save money. The huts are officially closed and are up for tender for anyone interested. I know the Deer Stalkers Association bought some."
 "Steve, what are you getting at?"
 "This is a beautiful area of the country but except for the locals, nobody knows about it. We could start off in a small way by using the school as a tourist lodge or perhaps one for school parties, bring them through the cave, visit a sheep farm in operation, fly visitors on scenic flights and…"
 "You're serious, aren't you?"
 "Just thinking." He gave a wicked laugh and rolled towards her. "While I'm thinking…"
 "Steve!" Lavina said as he drew her into an embrace. "Don't you dare…"
 But he did and she responded.
*
Janice and Barrie's trip to the medical centre confirmed she had lacerations and a severe ankle sprain but no break. The limb was bandaged and she was loaned a pair of crutches. Afterwards, she accepted Barrie's invitation to supper and a movie, after which they visited a small intimate tavern. By two in the morning they were at her flat.
 She placed mugs of steaming coffee on a small kidney shaped table in the living room. She used the remote to switch on the television, but they both had other thoughts on their mind.
 "No, Barrie," Janice protested as the young man moved beyond an affectionate kiss and began to lift up her jersey.
 "Well, they're Lavina's clothes and you wanted to give them back, anyway."
 "Not while I'm wearing them."
 "Exactly," he replied with a smile and pulled her close. 
*

CHAPTER 13
Winter turned to spring and, with it, lambs. One of the main incomes for the farm was the sale of lambs for overseas meat markets. The more lambs safely born and growing, the more profits for the farm. It wasn't that simple, of course. Prices fluctuated from season to season and had been depressed for several years now.
 Barrie had approached his new position with enthusiasm and already the evidence was showing. Lamb percentages, the percentage of live births per ewe, were up ten percent from the last season Grant or, in reality Lavina, ran the farm even though the weather had been cold and drizzling for two weeks.
 Every morning, the young man would be up at dawn to do the lamb beat. He'd walk through the farm, help ewes having birth difficulties, bring home-orphaned lambs and look after the animals. It was often freezing cold out in the exposed paddocks but he would methodically do his rounds and return to the house for a well earned mid morning breakfast.
 Afterwards, in the implement shed, there were two house cows to be milked and ten orphaned lambs in a pen to be fed. Spring was the busiest time of the farm year but in many ways, the most rewarding. This was Barrie's chosen life and he was happy.
 Saturday was the big swap day as Lavina called it. By mid-morning Steve, Cathy and Lavina would arrive at the farm and Barrie would have the next thirty hours off. He would return to town to spend time with Janice. Saturday night would be spent at her flat and, after a leisurely Sunday, she would follow him back to the farm in her car. She would return to the city by eleven on Monday morning, the time of her first lecture.
 Although Barrie was living in the house, he insisted that Lavina and her family stay there on Saturday night because, as he said, he really only used half the rooms anyway.
 *
"Come on, my love," Lavina shook her sleeping partner in the darkness. "Time for the Sunday morning lamb beat. It's raining."
 "Right," Steve muttered. He sat up, yawned and shivered as the blankets fell off.
 "Relax. I'll do it,” Lavina said and sighed as memories returned. "I did it by myself last year. It was so peaceful out there with the solitude."
 Steve leaped out from the sheets and grabbed his warm farm clothes. "We do it together. That's our agreement."
 "Yes dear," Lavina's eyes showed the appreciation she felt.
 Rain beat down on their long oilskin rainwear as the pair walked back across the last paddock towards the house. It had been an easy round with no complicated births. One newborn lamb had been carried into the shelter of some trees with a bleating ewe in hot pursuit and another lost one returned to its mother.
 "We were lucky with the deer," Lavina commented as she opened the massive double sized gate so they could enter a deer paddock.
 "We were," Steve agreed.
 The entire deer herd was sold to a farmer wanting to rebuild his own stock. The price was less than Grant had paid for the animals a season before but far higher than if they had to be sold in smaller units.
 "And what are you going to do with these massive fences?" Steve nodded at the three-meter high enclosure they were now in.
 "Barrie thinks he can come to terms with the guy who bought the deer." She wiped rain off her ruby cheeks and smiled. "Barrie's turned into quite an astute business man."
 "You're right," Steve said. "He told me yesterday morning he wants to make the position permanent."
 "But how can we, Steve?"
 "Well, I hope you don't mind but I approached the bank last week."
 Lavina stopped and turned to face him. "Why?"
 "Nothing sinister, my dear," Steve laughed. "I was just sounding them out, that is all. The manager in charge of rural loans is most impressed with the way things have been going since Grant's death. I think he'd been talking to Jack Trent, the government farm advisor. He's agreed to refinance the farm mortgage and has put the foreclosure on indefinite hold."
 Lavina's eyes sparkled. She grinned and wrapped herself, soaking wet oilskins and all, around her partner and gazed into his eyes. Steve bent down and kissed her wet lips.
 "You mean…"
 "There will be no forced sale of the farm. Of course it can still be put on the market but on your terms."
 "Our terms, Steve."
 "So we'd better make our arrangement permanent," Steve added softly and kissed Lavina again. Rain ran down his neck but he didn't mind.
 "What do you mean?"
 "Does Mrs. Lavina Garnet sound good to you?"
 The woman's eyes widened. "Is this a proposal?"
 "My divorce comes through soon." He shrugged, "Yes, I guess it is."
 "Oh Steve!" Lavina cried and hugged him so tightly the two oilskins appeared as one.
 "Is that a yes?"
 "It is!" She laughed. "Oh Steve, of course it is."
 "Then you'd better put this on," Steve said, handing her a small red velvet box.
 Lavina stepped back and opened it. Inside was a beautiful three-diamond engagement ring. "Steve," she glanced up and the water in her eyes wasn't just from the rain. "This must have cost a fortune."
 Smiling, Steve took the ring from the box and reached for Lavina's hand. The ring slipped on perfectly.
 "I got the size from your old rings," Steve confessed.
 "You sly old bugger." Lavina half laughed and half cried as she held her hand up. "It's beautiful, Steve. Come on, I have to show Cathy." She took his hand and raced to the house.
 "Mum!" Cathy hugged and kissed her mother, then did the same to Steve before gazing into his eyes. "You took your bloody time about it, Steve," she said.
 *
As usual, the parking area at Cathy's school was full as parents waited to pick up their daughters. When Lavina finally found a spot and parked, a teacher immediately stepped towards her car and poked her head in the driver's window.
 "Mrs. Ryland, Cathy's mother?" 
Lavina nodded. 
"I'm Roanne McKendrick, the physical education teacher. Could you come across to the administration block, please?"
 Lavina frowned. The woman appeared serious and almost distressed. "Is Cathy hurt?"
 “I'm sure she is fine, " Ms. McKendrick said. "The girls were teasing her and she took it to heart."
 After being shown into a small office, Lavina took a seat. "Could you explain, please?"
 "You know we started swimming in our indoor pool today."
 "Yes. Cathy was looking forward to it."
 "Well," McKendrick continued, "The girls saw her injured foot for the first time and a couple started to tease her about it."
 "How?"
 "They saw she only had three toes and called her chicken foot. Donna and Ellie stood up for her but by the time I walked into the changing room there was almost a full scale fight between six of the girls." She shook her head and added, "Cathy was in tears. She redressed and refused to go swimming. I found out the reason for the fight from the girls later."
 "Where is she? I'll talk to her," Lavina said.
 "That's the trouble, Mrs. Ryland. Cathy walked out and she didn't go back to her homeroom for the last period. One of the girls reported seeing her walk off the grounds. Three teachers are driving around the streets looking for her as we speak. We believe she may have taken a city bus at the corner. I'm sorry, Mrs. Ryland."
 "I appreciate everything you've done, Ms. McKendrick. Knowing Cathy, she's probably gone home. I'll call her on my mobile?"
 " If it's any help, I've given detention to the girls who teased Cathy."
 Lavina shook her head. "Girls can be so spiteful at this age."
 She called home, but there was no answer. She left a message on the machine telling Cathy to stay there and wondered what to do next.
 *
"Forget about Kirstine," Donna said to the sobbing Cathy an hour earlier. "She's just a big fat slob."
 Ms. McKendrick had let Donna and Ellie stay with Cathy in the changing room, cancelled the swimming lesson and had the other twenty-three girls sit on the benches beside the pool while she sorted out what happened.
 "Yeah," said Ellie. “She's a fat pig."
 Cathy nodded as she finished redressing and sat to put her socks on. "I hate it," she cried. "They didn't have to cut my toes off. I can't even bloody walk properly now." Tears rolled down her cheeks and plunked onto the floor. "I thought it would make no difference to my swimming but I'm never going in again."
 She slipped her shoes on and jammed her new togs and towel into the school bag. Without another word to her friends, she stood and walked out of the pool enclosure through the playground and the gate. Cursing her limp, she walked for several blocks without really caring where she was going.
 An hour slipped by before she realized it was after three thirty. Her leg ached and she suddenly felt alone. Mum would be at school now. What would she think? Cathy glanced around. The street consisted of depressed commercial buildings near the centre of town. She stopped and tried to figure out where she was.
 "Hi girlie," a harsh voice called. "You lost or something?"
 Cathy swung around and saw a youth grinning at her. He wore tatty jeans and a backward facing baseball cap. Hideous tattoos covered his arms.
 "Want some fun?"
 Cathy paled, turned and ran as fast as her wounded leg could carry her along the footpath.
 "Uppity little bitch," the voice called after her.
 Tears came again as Cathy turned a corner. This street looked even more run down. She turned back, saw that the youth had gone but there were three more hanging around a hundred meters away. She swallowed and cut across the road, amid blaring horns and a screech of car brakes.
 "Idiot!" someone called.
 She reached the other side as a car pulled to the curb. A window slid down. "Would you like a ride, Miss?" a man in a crisp suit asked in a polite voice and held the curb door open.
 "No thank you," Cathy replied and stepped back.
 The man scowled and opened his own door. Cathy stared and once again turned and tried to run. But her sore leg buckled, she staggered and fell. The man was almost up to her. He wore a grin but his eyes looked hard.
 "Bugger off!" she screamed and lurching to her feet. She backed away but the man continued to step towards her. The only time his eyes left her face was when they stared down at her breasts.
 "That's not very nice language," the man grunted. A tongue ran over dry lips that broke into a repulsive smile.
 Cathy swung her head. The youths were across the road but her side was empty. Only concrete buildings towered up around, all with closed doors. She swung back and broke into a limping run but could still hear footsteps behind.
 In a panic, she forgot her aching leg, dropped her bag and tore along the street. Her heart thumped in a heaving chest but she kept going until she was certain she'd left the creep behind.
 Suddenly the car pulled into the curb in front of her. The bastard had driven up behind her. Cathy did the only thing possible. She cut back across the road and stood panting as the man glowered at her and began to follow.
 "Oh shit!" Cathy sobbed. Her folded arms held her vibrating rib cage as she bent forward and gasped for breath. Even the rapids in the river weren't as terrifying as this.
 Cathy stared around. Beyond the immediate buildings were the taller downtown blocks. She couldn't be too far from Steve's office. But what direction should she go?
 The man had reached the curb only meters away. But fate was on Cathy's side at that moment in the form of a city bus that turned into the road. Crying with relief, the youngster waved and screamed as she limped towards it. The massive vehicle pulled to the curb, double doors swung open and she plunged inside.
 "A dollar, ten," the driver said.
 Cathy nodded, deposited the coins in the glass container and sat in the nearest empty seat. She just sat gasping and wiped tears from her face. Her bag had gone, she was sure her foot was bleeding but she was safe.
 A few moments later the bus arrived at a familiar street. Cathy alighted at the next stop and limped towards the shopping mall.
She went into the foyer, up the lift, along the corridor and into an office.
 "Cathy!" cried Steve's assistant, Suzanne. "Everyone's looking for you." She studied her tear-smudged face. "What happened?"
 "Is Steve in?" sobbed the girl.
 "Yes, sure. Go on through."
 Steve turned from the telephone.
 "Steve!" Cathy ran into his arms. The tears flowed as she buried her head in his chest.
 "Hello my love," Steve said to Lavina on the telephone as he patted Cathy's hair and held her close. "You'll never guess who just dropped in."
*
Doctor Clive Lewis at the Nova Road Medical Centre bandaged Cathy's foot and smiled. "There we are Cathy," he proclaimed. "Your foot shouldn't be too bad now. It will be sore for a few days but there are no permanent injuries." He glanced up at Lavina. "Can we have a word for a moment?"
 "I'll go and wait with Steve," Cathy said.
 "I've given her a mild tranquilliser. She should be fine," the doctor said when Cathy left the room. "There's something else about her foot I'd like to discuss. I thought it was better to do so without her present so her hopes wouldn't be raised too much."
 "Yes?" Lavina said.
 Doctor Lewis opened a thick medical book at a pre-marked spot and turned it around so Lavina could see. Two coloured photos showed a foot with three amputated toes on one side of the page and a complete foot on the other.
 "It's the same foot," the doctor explained. "The patient in this article had three artificial toes added. They're more than just a cosmetic change but are fully functional synthetic toes cemented into the bones somewhat similar to an artificial tooth implant. "
 Lavina studied the article and skimmed the highly technical paragraphs. "How does it work, Doctor?"
 "All the normal toe joints are duplicated but this model also has a minute microprocessor that is fed information by a series of electronic pressure pads beneath the toes." He turned the page where an enlarged drawing showed the workings. "This toe nail provides access to a battery, similar to a watch battery. The microprocessor is underneath." He pointed to the diagram. "Minute circuits in these pressure pads record and send back information so the toes move just as real ones would."
 "It sounds fascinating."
 "Once installed, the patient's walking habits are saved in the processor's memory so future movements become automatic, once again like in real toes. The patient in this article barely has a limp and that is with three artificial toes. He can run and even stand on tiptoe without losing balance."
 "They look so real." Lavina turned back to the first page.
 "That's synthetic skin that covers the titanium joints beneath. The difficult part, Lavina, is the cost. Accident compensation will only partially finance it."
 "How much?"
 "In the vicinity of thirty thousand dollars, I am afraid. That's taking into account the twenty five percent accident compensation subsidy."
 "How long would it take for them to be made and fitted?"
 "We do all the measuring here but the toes are manufactured in Singapore. I'd say about six to nine months before Cathy could have an operation to install the device. Afterwards it takes several weeks to fine tune it and so forth. There's been a ninety percent success rate."
 "And the other ten?" Lavina asked.
 "Mainly problems with the body rejecting the artificial implant and some with patients rejecting the toes for psychological reasons. Usually these are people with other medical problems."
 Lavina nodded and thumbed through the article again. "Can I show Cathy and Steve?"
 "Yes. Go through to the nurses' station. There's an office there where you can discuss it in private."
 "If you want to go to the next stage, I can refer you to Doctor Horstmann. He'll go though everything with you and, if you're interested, perform the operation." He smiled. "He's one of the foremost authorities in the world on artificial limbs."
 "Thank you Doctor Lewis." She slipped the book under her arm and walked to where Cathy and Steve were waiting.
*

CHAPTER 14
"The final report on the Cessna ZK HTG crash is in," Sergeant Pat Stein placed a heavy document on his desk and looked across at Constable Jane Frankton. "It confirms our suspicions."
 "Sabotage?"
Stein nodded.
 Jane frowned, brushed her hair back, crossed her legs and produced her own document. "There have been some interesting behavioural patterns, different from what one would expect."
 Stein raised his eyebrows. "Go on."
 "It appears the mistress and the wife are the best of friends. Also, Ryland's body hardly had time to get cold before Janice Ludlow started another affair. And ten days after the funeral she had an abortion. Very hush-hush, it was."
 "Ryland the father?"
 She glanced up. "That's what timing suggests. Her new boyfriend, Barrie Dey is the newly appointed manager of Lavina's Ryland's farm."
 "Cosy arrangement," Stein muttered. "Do you know if she knew him before Ryland's death?"
 "I'm not sure but they're both students. There's very little on her life at university. She boarded with a couple of other women who said she's a loner. Won't go to the pub at the end of the week and so forth."
 "Anything new on Ryland himself?"
 "He played around while his wife ran the farm. He was prone to jealous rages and could be violent. Drank too much and went from one affair to another... usually with young women who worked in the district. In most cases they dumped him rather than vice versa. He had small time criminal connections, you know druggies and gamblers … " She stopped and read her own notes for a minute. "Here's an interesting bit, Pat. The bank was about to foreclose and sell the farm under him."
 "We knew that."
 Frankton smiled. "But now the bank's agreed to refinance the mortgage."
 "So both suspects have gained by Ryland's demise?"
 The constable nodded. "Lavina Ryland couldn't have done it. We've confirmed everything about her story. They were victims and damn lucky to have survived. Ryland drugged them and dumped them on De Wolfe's Plateau. She couldn't have sabotaged the Cessna that weekend."
 "So it was Ludlow? She's done okay out of it. Pregnancy terminated and a new boyfriend."
 "Or there was a conspiracy," the constable suggested. "Perhaps Ryland's wife and mistress planned it together. Both have new partners, the farm is refinanced and the boyfriend is employed as manager. I also found out the farm was in Lavina Ryland's name but Ryland had controlling interest."
 "So he was running her farm into the ground?"
 "Plenty of motivation there," Jane added.
 "The boss upstairs wants action so we'd better get to it. We'll bring them in for questioning but need hard evidence before we can make any arrests."
*
 Lavina lips were pencil thin and her hazel eyes like ice when she replied to the two detectives standing in the kitchen of 23 Ashley Grove. The last twenty minutes had been harrowing and intimidating.
 "No, Detective Sergeant Stein, I shall not accompany you to the police station to answer questions about my late husband's death. I resent any insinuation that I had anything to do with the Cessna crash. You come here and practically accuse me of planning to murder my husband, sergeant and neglect the fact my daughter has two amputated toes because of that man. She has a pronounced limp that will probably be permanent. So I did all that to create an alibi?" Her eyes bore into the man. "You think I would put my daughter's life at risk to save my own skin?" She turned and walked to the window as her emotions seized control and tears flowed down her cheeks.
 "We're only following up a series of leads, Mrs. Ryland," Constable Frankton said. "You've been accused of nothing."
 "My lawyer is Simon Aikin. Anything else you wish to say to me will be in his presence. I have to leave to pick up my daughter from school so please go."
 "We regret the intrusion, Mrs. Ryland, "Pat Stein stepped towards the door. "Perhaps you could get Mr. Aikin to contact us."
 "You don't regret it one bit, sergeant. You have a job to do and don't care who you tread on to do it. Good afternoon to you both."
 She walked to the door and held it open.
 *
"Guilty as hell," Jane Frankton muttered as she drove the mufti police car down the road. "She got a flashy house out of it too, I see."
 "I don't think so." Deep in thought, Pat Stein scratched the side of his nose. "Those aren't the actions of a guilty woman. If she'd meticulously planned her husband's murder, she wouldn't blow it with anything like today's performance. Also, that bit about her daughter was true. I did a bit of checking on the family. She carried her husband for years and it was only her daughter that kept her going. If she had planned to do him in, she could have easily made sure Cathy was back at boarding school or staying with a friend."
 "So you're eliminating her from our suspects list?"
 "Yes. If the roles were reversed I would have been as annoyed as she was with our heavy handiness."
 "Then why did you do it Pat?"
 "To find out the sort of person she was. Scratch the surface, the old cliché goes. We did that but there was no killer underneath." He grinned. "If she'd been so inclined, she'd have done the bastard in years ago."
 Jane shrugged. "So who's left?"
 "Ludlow, the girlfriend. I believe she's the murderess. All we have to do now is prove it."
*
 Janice agreed to accompany the two detectives to the police station. Within moments of arrival, she was in an interview room with Sergeant Stein and Constable Frankton.
 "Is it true Grant Ryland fathered a foetus you had aborted, Miss Ludlow?" Stein slipped the question in after reducing the young woman to tears.
 "How did you know that?" Janice glanced at the floor but her trembling hands exposed her nervousness.
 "Answer the question, please."
 "Yes," she whispered.
 "And your father doesn't know about this."
 Janice raised her tear stained head "It's none of his business." Her voice trailed away.
 "You were scared of both men weren't you?" Jane Frankton slipped in.
 "Yes."
 "Was Ryland blackmailing you into performing sexual favours?" she pushed.
 "Yes," Janice whispered. "He threatened to tell my father of our affair."
 "But your father already knew," Stein interjected. "He ordered you out of the house. Your story's not consistent, Miss Ludlow. "
 "I don't know," Janice sobbed. "All I know was that Grant Ryland forced himself onto me."
 "You mean he raped you?" Jane added.
 "I don't know," Janice whimpered. "I guess it was."
 'You guess it was, Miss Ludlow. Surely you know whether or not you allowed the man to have intercourse with you," Stein snapped in a louder voice.
 Janice wiped a hand over her eyes, down her nose and across her lips before bursting into tears again. Jane handed her a tissue and glanced up at the sergeant.
 "Did he rape you, Miss Ludlow? Yes or no!"
 "Yes," she whispered. "Not at first. I was flattered by his attention, he told me his marriage was over and I believed him. Later, though, after Dad disowned me I tried to break it off. That's when it started."
 "How?" Jane asked softly.
 "He spiked my drink and I have only vague memories of him touching me. Later, he threatened me. It went on and on," she sobbed. "I even tried to leave town but he found me." Her voice changed to a sobbing whisper. She accepted a tumbler of water and continued her harrowing story.
 "So why didn't you report it, Janice?" Stein's voice sounded almost friendly.
 "I was afraid of him and also my father's reaction."
 "Your father! You're twenty years old. Why are you still afraid of your father? Did he also attack you sexually?"
 Janice looked horrified. "No, nothing like that. Dad was so prim and proper… ultra-conservative. Everything is just a hangover from when I was a child. He used to hit me with a belt for the slightest thing." The girl's hands began to wring and her body trembled. "I'm still terrified of him."
 "And Grant Ryland became a personification of your father. He terrified you too but it was worse because he attacked you for sexual gratification and you were too scared to say no. Is that correct?"
 "Yes," Janice sobbed. "I had nobody to turn to."
 "So you decided to kill him!" Sergeant Pat Stein snapped.
 "No! I didn't. That is not true!" She stood up. "You're trying to frame me, you bastard!"
 The girl's expression changed as she gritted her teeth and wiped the tears away. "You have no right to do this to me. I have done nothing wrong and wish to be represented by a lawyer."
 Stein glanced at Jane Frankton. "Very well," he replied. "That will do for the moment, Miss Ludlow. You may go."
 Janice glared at Stein and walked to the door. Just as she reached it the sergeant spoke again. "I would advise you to get that attorney, Miss Ludlow."
 "So what now?" Frankton asked
 The sergeant glanced up. "We proceed with this one, Jane," he muttered. "She may have been provoked, it may not even be murder but I'm dead certain she is the one who sabotaged that aircraft and killed Ryland."
 *
 Janice arrived home to an empty flat, stared around the familiar scene but it offered no comfort.
 "The bastards," she swore, poured herself a drink of wine and screwed up her nose. The unfamiliar taste was quite tart but the ingredients did relax her a little. She poured another and glanced at her watch. Damn, she'd missed the eleven a.m. lecture.
 She had a shower and changed into a new dress she'd bought the week before. She couldn't even remember why she'd been attracted to Grant in the first place. He was a chauvinistic prick.
 Janice finished her glass, wrapped her bum bag around, grabbed the half empty bottle of wine and headed out to the car. She'd go and visit Lavina. Perhaps the cops had talked to her as well.
 The drive across town to Ashley Grove was peaceful but the place was empty. That was unusual. Lavina was usually at home until about two when she drove in to pick up Cathy. Janice sat in the car to wait but, once again, the doubts rushed back into her mind. Even her father encroached on her thoughts. God, he was a miserable old bugger, too. When she was Cathy's age, she remembered how she'd howled for hours when he'd banned her from going to a school dance.
A month later, she'd sneaked out and had gone to the next one anyhow. Her father had found out and hit her across the arms with his leather belt while, the whole time; her mother had stood whimpering in the corner. Her mother died only a year later. Tears welled in Janice's eyes. She'd never really known her mother, but that time Mum had stepped in and stopped the beating. It was the only time she ever remembered her mother standing up to the old man.
 Janice sighed. Her mum's threat that day to walk out and take her with her had a pacifying effect on her father. That was the last real thrashing he gave her. But nothing she did could please him.
 Janice shrugged. "I still can't," she muttered to herself. "But who's the lonely one now, Dad?"
 Then like an idiot she had to get mixed up with Grant Ryland, a man even more moody and violent than her father. Poor Lavina had stuck by the bugger for years. Now he was gone and the bloody police were blaming her.  My God, I'd have shot the bastard, not just stuffed the Cessna up. Whoever did it, did the world a favour.
 Janice unscrewed the wine bottle and took another sip to steady her nerves. The alcohol was so soothing. After another twenty minutes Lavina hadn't returned so she scrawled a short note on a piece of notebook paper, poked it in the keyhole of the side door and drove away. She headed to the highway and out of town. She needed company and immediately Barrie entered her thoughts. That's it! She'd go and see Barrie! With her mind made up, Janice gave a burp and felt a little better. He was the one good thing that had happened to her over the last few months.
 The trip to Upper Forks Road was covered at a far greater speed than Janice usually travelled but the hundred plus kilometres an hour jolted her blurry mind when she hit the gravel, the car shuddered and almost ran off the road.
 She slowed for a few moments but gradually drove faster as her confidence returned. Stones pinged under the car and tyres screamed on the tight bends. Luckily, no opposing traffic came along the narrow road.
 The inside back wheel hit loose gravel and sent the vehicle diagonally across the road towards a small bank.
 "Shit!" Janice growled and swung the wheel the other way, over compensating and then attempting to correct her mistake.
 She braked. The car slid off the loose side gravel, skidded across a grass verge and plunged down a small bank to end up in a small gully surrounded by shrubbery. The fright of the sudden stop jolted Janice back from her inebriated state. She unlocked the seat belt and staggered out of the vehicle. The cold crisp air cleared her head a bit, but she felt terrible.
 She began to tremble at the aftershock. She climbed back in the car, started the motor and after spinning the front driving wheels, managed to get nowhere. The car would need to be towed back up to the road. Cursing her bad luck, she climbed up through the shrubs and looked along the deserted road.
 "Bugger," she snorted and set off to walk the rest of the way.
 The old school appeared but the countryside was still empty. Suddenly, Janice felt sick, sort of hot and cold all at once. She made the edge of the road just in time before emptying her stomach contents into the ditch beside the road.
 "Serves me bloody right," she muttered but had to admit she felt a little better. She needed to go to the bathroom urgently, though.
 Of course, she'd go up to the school. Steve had repainted the old outside toilets and they were never locked. Janice just made into the little wooden building when the walls began to spin. Unnoticed, the door creaked in the wind and banged shut behind her. She shook her head but felt all sweaty again. The room began to spin. She reached the tiny sink, turned on the old tap and even felt the icy cold water on her hands before her feet buckled under her. As her head fell forward, a sharp window ledge caught her chin. Janice collapsed onto the cold concrete floor with her new dress covered in blood and water splashing from the tap above.
*

CHAPTER 15
"Poor Janice," Lavina sighed when she read the note shoved in the keyhole.
 "What is it Mum? You've been keeping something from me all afternoon and now there's this note from Janice."
 "I've been in talking to Steve and missed Janice when she came to visit. That's all."
 "Mum! Don't lie to me. What's it all about?"
 "Get changed and I'll make you some afternoon tea. I'll explain everything then, okay?"
 Cathy stared at her mother for a moment. "Are you in trouble?"
 "No sweetheart." Lavina sighed and hoped it was true. "The police called today and said someone may have sabotaged the Cessna. They're trying to find out what happened."
 "And they're blaming you?" Cathy gasped.
 "No but they've also been talking to Janice."
 "She wouldn't have done it, Mum. Janice isn't that sort of person."
 "That's what I said. Steve told me not to worry, but I am."
 "You reckon she'll go off her head again like when we found her in the cave?"
 "She didn't go off her head, Cathy. She was just depressed. Anyhow, she said in her note she was going to the farm. I'll ring Barrie and see if she's okay."
 A few moments later, Barrie told her he hadn't seen Janice and there was no reply from her flat.
 Lavina rang Steve back. "I'm worried. The note was written at lunchtime so she should have reached the farm by now, Steve. She mentioned being interviewed by the police and that was it. I would say she's pretty distressed."
 "After you left, Simon Aikin phoned back," Steve said. "He's filed a complaint at the police station about how you were treated."
 "Good!"
 "He's also prepared to represent Janice, if she wishes."
 "We have to find her first."
 "I'll drive out to her flat then come home," Steve said. "If we haven't heard from her by then we'll drive out to the farm!"
 "Right," replied Lavina and rang the farm back again.
 *
 Mid weekdays were a lonely time for Barrie, Janice had been back at varsity since Monday and wasn't due back until Friday afternoon along with Steve and Lavina.
 Lunchtime came and went, the weather was drizzly and there was an hour before he began his afternoon lamb beat. Barrie switched off the radio and was about to head out to the implement shed to feed the orphaned lambs when the telephone rang. It was Lavina with her worrisome news.
 Barrie hung up and wondered what he could do. Like Lavina, he realized Janice would be at the farm if she'd come straight out. He rang her flat but there was no reply. Of course, she may have decided to go to her afternoon lecture. Barrie glanced at her time table stuck on the corkboard above the telephone, rang the university and asked for an urgent message to be relayed to her. Fifteen minutes later, though, he received a phone call to say Janice was not in the lecture theatre.
 "Oh hell,” he muttered and headed down the road in the Land Rover.
 Twenty minutes later he saw Steve's jeep coming the other way and both vehicles stopped beside each other on the muddy gravel with windshield wipers swishing in the steady rain.
 "She hasn't arrived," Barrie shouted across the gap.
 "What about further up the road past the farm?" Lavina asked from the passenger's seat. "Have you driven up there?"
 "No," Barrie replied. "But why would she go past the farm?" He saw the worry in Lavina's eyes and shrugged. "Okay. I'll turn around and follow you back."
 Ten minutes later Steve screeched to a stop beside the skid marks across the road just before the school. Followed by Lavina and Cathy he followed the tracks down through the shrubbery.
 "Oh hell," Cathy gasped with her exclamation reflecting everyone's feelings. They'd found the wreckage of Janice's car. Seconds later everyone realized the wreck was empty, the door was open and Janice's footprints were in the muddy soil.
Steve felt the bonnet. "The engine's cold. I'd say the car's been here for at least an hour."
 "So why didn't she get to the farm?" Barrie said. "Could she have fallen in the stream and been swept away?"
 'No," Lavina said. "It's too small." She walked around and shouted, "Look, another footprint. She must have climbed back to the road. Come on!"
 At the roadside, three more footprints were found heading up the road but after that, nothing. Barrie frowned and stared at the others. "She may have headed across the paddocks or gone to the school for shelter. It's been raining all afternoon."
 They drove the short distance to the school but it was deserted. They decided to split into two groups with Barrie and Cathy returning to the house and walking back through the paddocks where there were several gullies to be checked while Steve and Lavina checked along the stream edge in case Janice came back down and followed it.
Later the four, now wet and tired, met in the kitchen to decide what to do next. Nothing had been found, not even footprints and the whole roadside, streambed and lower farm had been searched.
 "What about the canyon?" Cathy suggested. "Could she have gone back there?"
 "I doubt it,” Barrie replied, "She wouldn't have had time."
 "I rang the neighbours but nobody has seen her," Lavina added. "She never arrived home at the flat. I checked that too, in case she'd been given a lift back to town."
 "What about the hospitals?" Steve suggested. "She may have been picked up and dropped at one of them."
 After ringing both area hospitals, he shook his head. "Nothing," he muttered. "I guess we ring the police."
 "No," Lavina said. "I don't think Janice would want that."
 "Why?" Barrie asked. His normal calm personality was replaced by agitation.
 "The police were pretty ruthless to me this morning," Lavina said and explained what had happened, '"It seems from what Simon told us, they had her at the police station for over an hour. I don't think it would have been a pleasant time."
 "Well what do we do?" snapped Barrie. "My God, it's still raining out there. If she's hurt in a ditch somewhere…" He stared wildly around.
 "We've searched all the ditches, Barrie," Lavina replied in a kind voice. "Everywhere within walking distance of the crash site has been searched. Luckily, there's no bush at this end of the valley."
 "She has to be somewhere," Barrie snorted. "I'm going to have another look. I'll take the dogs. They may help."
 "I'll come," Steve said. "Lavina, what say you and Cathy drive up and down the road in the jeep? You might just see something."
 Lavina nodded. She knew Steve was thinking of Cathy. Even though the teenager hadn't complained, her foot would be aching by now. The youngster had a determined expression, but had black lines under the eyes. "Come on, Cathy," she said. "Let's take the jeep. We've got about half an hour before it gets dark."
 "I know who did it," Cathy said a few moments later as they drove slowly up the road beyond the farm and pulled into a picnic site.
 "Did what?" Lavina asked. Most of the surrounding countryside was now in shadows but a small streak of sunshine still hit the hill behind them.
 "Killed Dad. Those criminals he was working for did it. Perhaps they were here today and captured Janice."
 "What are you talking about, Cathy? What criminals?''
 "Dad was flying things up north for them. He made a couple of trips that I know of. There were probably more."
 Lavina frowned. Grant had had several over night flights but had told her it was to try to get the farm refinanced. She remembered having an argument with him and saying he was wasting his time. He'd said something about receiving a payment soon that would help pay the mortgage off.
 "What do you know, Cathy? This could be vital information."
 "He was visited a couple of times, always on Thursday when you were in town at that course you attended. The first time was when I was home sick from school with the flu and the second during the holidays. Dad always thought I was a little kid who wouldn't understand anything and often spoke to adults in front of me. He spoke on the telephone often, too. I think he stored things here and delivered them in the Cessna again a few weeks later."
 "I never saw anything stored anywhere on the farm."
 "What about Granddad's wine cellar?" Cathy suggested.
 Lavina frowned. "There's no wine cellar, Cathy. That was just an old story your Granddad told you when you were a child. He used to sit you on his knee and tell you all sorts of little stories about fairies and things. You were only three or four at the time. I'm amazed you remembered."
 "It's true, Mum," Cathy said. "He showed it to me one day. I remember I was so scared. There were concrete steps, a couple of swinging light bulbs and a wooden rack with old dusty bottles in it. It smelled all musty. I can still remember the odour."
 Lavina stared at her daughter. “Where was it?"
 “That's the trouble, I don't know. Donna and I hunted for it last holidays but found nothing. I know Granddad took me into the implement shed but that's all I can remember."
 "Interesting," Lavina said. She smiled at her daughter. "But let's find Janice, shall we?"
 She started the jeep and reversed around. Her thoughts turned to the conversation. Cathy could be on the right track. Grant was quite capable of being mixed up in criminal activities and could easily have tried to swindle someone, got discovered and a revenge killing made. And as for that wine cellar, the house was ninety years old and had had several alterations over the years. Also, the implement shed had been extended not long before her father-in-law's death. Perhaps there was a door or even a trapdoor somewhere that had been covered up.
 "I'm right, Mum," Cathy said. "Check with Janice when we find her. She went with Dad on one of the flights up north."
 "She did?"
*
The sun had set and twilight turned to darkness when Barrie and Steve climbed out of the streambed and headed towards home.
 "There's still a chance she got a lift to town. Someone could have taken her to their home or to a different hospital. Even the police," Steve said.
 "I suppose," Barrie said. He stared down at the two dogs and gave a half-hearted command. "Find Janice, Spotty!" he ordered. "Find Janice, Bunt!"
 The sheep dogs looked at him with intelligent eyes and dashed away up the road. This was their fourth or fifth search but so far to no avail. Steve watched the dogs dash along the roadside and disappear into what was once the school football field. Suddenly Bunt began yelping and headed around the side of the main building.
 "Come on," Barrie shouted and broke into a run.
 Both men arrived to find Bunt barking while Spotty was scratching and whining at the door of the toilet block. They rushed forward and noticed water running out under the door and along the path.
 "Someone's been here,” Steve said.
 Barrie pushed inside and saw a crumpled form in the corner.
 "Janice!" he cried and stooped to pick the woman up. Steve turned off the tap and pulled the plug out of the sink. "She's saturated and there's blood everywhere!" Barrie cried out, carrying Janice outside and setting her on the lawn. "Janice!" he cried again and hugged her into him.
 Steve knelt down and felt the side of Janice's neck. "There's a strong pulse. Come on, we'll get her into the school. There's an electric heater inside."
 Barrie was half way across the lawn with Janice in his arms when she gave a shudder and opened her eyes. "Barrie," she croaked. "My God, it is you!"
 "Janice!" Barrie grinned down at her and bent his head forward to kiss her cold lips.
 'I'm cold, Barrie," Janice replied and attempted to cuddle him but lapsed back into unconsciousness.
 Within moments, the lights of the school were blazing, the curtains pulled and the small bar heater turned on. The dogs were praised and allowed in. They sat with their tails wagging as they watched everyone.
 Barrie laid Janice on a couch and began an examination as she woke up again. Her dress was soaked with bloody water and the cut on her chin began to bleed again. Steve boiled up a kettle of water and within moments, Janice's face was bathed and sticking plaster applied to her chin.
 "I'm fine," Janice protested but her teeth were chattering. She sat up and pulled the blanket Steve handed her around her shoulders. "I went to the bathroom and slipped. I guess I banged my chin and knocked myself out."
 "I'll go and get a car from the house," Steve said. "We need to get you into something warm and dry, Janice."
 "There's no need," called a voice from the door. Lavina and Cathy came bounding in. "The jeep is outside. We saw the lights."
 "Hi, Lavina …Cathy," Janice greeted in a weak voice. "I've really made a fool of myself, haven't I?"
 "You're safe and that's all that matters," Lavina replied.
 "We looked everywhere," Cathy said. "Where were you?"
 "She was in the toilet block," Barrie explained. "The door had slammed shut so that's how we missed her the first time."
 "The dogs found her," Steve added.
 Cathy beamed and bent down to hug both the dogs. "Good girls. I'm proud of you."
 Caught up in the moment, the dogs barked, thumped their tails and ran back and forth between Cathy and Janice as more praise was heaped upon them before they finally sat down to watch the humans fuss over the victim.
 "The police..." Janice began but Lavina interrupted.
 "I know," she said. "They interviewed me, too. Don't worry, our lawyer has filed a complaint."
 "They think I vandalized the Cessna and killed Grant," Janice blurted. "Then I had to go and run the bloody car off the road." She broke into a slight grin. "Lucky the cops never found me. I had a bit to drink."
 "Let's get you home," Barrie said. "God, we've been so worried."
 He helped Janice to her feet, tucked his arms around her shoulders and they walked out to the jeep together.
 *
 The next morning, the talk was about the police. Cathy's conversation with her mother about Grant's criminal connections was forgotten for the moment. It was brought back to Lavina with a jolt when Barrie, who had left early to do his lamb beat, came rushing inside to where everyone was seated around the breakfast table.
 "There's a police car coming. I saw it winding up the valley," Barrie said. "It'll be here soon."
 Janice and Lavina both paled. "I don't like it," Janice cried. "Why would they come all the way out here unless it's to arrest me?"
 "You don't know that," Steve said.
 "I need to hide."
 "If they're serious they'll probably have a search warrant," Barrie said. "If that's the case we can't stop them going anywhere."
 "The wine cellar," Janice snapped.
 "You know of it?" Lavina's eyes opened wide in surprise.
 "Of course." Janice stood and made her way to the back door. "Come on. I'll show you."
 Everyone except for Barrie, who said he'd try to hold up the police when they came, dashed after Janice, across the back drive and into the implement shed. There, she led them directly to a small storeroom at the end and pointed to a full sized cupboard built out from the far wall.
 "That cupboard has a false back." She opened the door, handed out the couple of brooms inside and felt around in the semi darkness.
 "Quick!" Steve said from behind. "The police car's in the drive."
 Janice's hands ran down the right side of the opening. "There's a small catch somewhere." She peered into the space. "Here it is!" 
There was a scraping sound of metal as she moved a latch with her fingers. She pushed on the wall and it pivoted to reveal a small spiral staircase shining in the light of an electric bulb that had automatically switched on below.
 "Great!" Steve said. "Both of you go inside. Cathy, stroll out across the yard as if you've just come back from feeding the animals or something. Don't say a word though." 
 "Okay. See you later Mum, Janice," Cathy kissed her mother and slipped away.
 "There's an inside latch so we can't be locked in,"' Janice whispered while squeezing through the narrow gap.
 Lavina gave her fiancé a quick kiss, squeezed his hand for a second and followed Janice downstairs.
*
Steve watched Lavina's head disappear then pulled the wall back until it clicked into place, tossed the brooms back in and followed Cathy across the yard to where four police were talking to Barrie.
 "I told the police Lavina and Janice weren't here," Barrie explained. His eyes relaxed when he noticed Steve's slightly raised eyebrows to indicate where the women were hidden.
 "That's right," Steve added casually. "They went to town over an hour ago."
Pat Stein held out a document. "I just explained to Mr. Dey that we have a court search warrant, Mr. Garnet. We have reason to believe there is stolen property on these premises. Please stand aside and let our officers do their work."
 "What?" Steve said. He couldn't conceal the surprise in his voice.
 "We would have liked to speak to your fiancé and Miss Ludlow but will catch up to them another time. There are new developments in our investigation into Grant Ryland's death." He gave a twisted grin. "Perhaps we were a little enthusiastic in our interviews yesterday."
 "There are?" Steve's surprise turned to relief. "And what are they?"
 Stein scowled at Steve for a moment. "It's unsubstantiated and confidential, but we believe Mrs. Ryland's late husband was involved in criminal activities and this may have been the motivation behind his death."
 "So Lavina and Janice aren't suspects any more?" Barrie asked.
 "We still need to speak to them, but we've reconsidered our suspect list. Let's just say they're witnesses rather than suspects at the moment."
 "Thank God!" Barrie broke into a crinkly grin and caught Steve's elated expression.
 Stein gave a curt nod, turned and signalled to the other police. "Search the house and outbuildings first," he directed as a second police car drove into the yard and four more police officers stepped out.
 "Come on," Steve said to Barrie and Cathy. "Let's go and finish breakfast."
*

CHAPTER 16
Lavina glanced around the cellar. The narrow room felt cold and was impregnated with a musty smell. It did appear to be dry and in good condition. The entire centre consisted of ceiling height dark stained shelves divided into diamond cubicles, each one a wine bottle size. Except for half a dozen old bottles at one end, they were empty and covered in dusty spider webs. On each side, there was room for a person to walk. At the end of the cellar was a small work area in front of a bench built across the end. Under this were shelves spaced about forty centimetres apart. Old cardboard, paper and junk were cluttered into these. Three naked light bulbs dangled from the ceiling on brown cloth cords of 1930s vintage while along the top of the left wall was a rusty wire grid.
 She held her hand up to it and felt a faint puff of air. "At least we won't suffocate," she said. "They must lead out under the foundation of the storeroom. I never really thought about why it had a wooden floor before."
 Janice coughed in the dusty air and shivered. "We're being foolish, aren't we, Lavina? If the police want to take me in, all they have to do is wait. I can't hide forever."
Lavina sat on an old wooden stool placed in front of the bench. "At least we can get a lawyer to help us. Do you have a lawyer?"
 Janice shook her head. "I've never needed one."
 "Well, we'll put you in touch with Simon Aikin. He's excellent."
 Janice nodded and sat on the remaining stool. They were silent for a few moments before the younger woman turned her white face up. "Grant was involved in something, you know and he did have cargo on the Cessna that day I flew back from Auckland with him. There were several small wooden boxes like those old-fashioned cigar boxes. That's how I found out about this room. When we arrived back Grant taxied the plane into the shed and carried the boxes in here." She shivered. "I just sort of followed him and watched as he unlatched that hidden door. It intrigued me because it reminded me of those books I read as a kid." She gave a twitch of a grin. "You know, the old castles in England with secret corridors and hidden treasure."
 "Yes, I read those, too," Lavina said.
 "Grant said something about looking after a friend's belongings and told me not to tell anybody about this cellar. We went upstairs and that was that. I remember I was in a hurry to leave, as you were due home." She glanced around. "The boxes have gone now. He had them piled on the bench."
 "Yeah, there's nothing much else here," Lavina said. She gave the paper in the second shelf down an absent minded tug and frowned, her attention now riveted to the shelf. The newspaper in her hand wasn't old and yellow. In fact, it looked only a few weeks old.
 "Something's wrapped in this paper," she said and pulled it out. "Here give me a hand. I believe we have one of your boxes, Janice."
 "No, they were smaller." Together they pulled out a long crate about a meter by half long but only fifteen centimetres thick.
 "Interesting," Lavina grunted as they lifted it to the bench top and pulled away the newspaper. The box was made of three-ply wood with reinforced corners. There was no lid.
 "I think the end is nailed on," Janice said. She glanced at Lavina. "We'd better not make any noise. The police are upstairs."
 Lavina nodded and ran her fingers around the container. "I'd reckon this holds a painting of some sort. The crate is well made and pretty strong.” She pulled on the end piece but it didn't move. "We'll need a jimmy or hammer to open it."
 "More of Grant's loot?" Janice said.
 "No doubt about it. This could be why the Cessna was sabotaged. Perhaps Grant got in over his head. Criminals can be pretty ruthless if they're double crossed."
 "And we could be in trouble, too." Janice shivered again. "I don't like it, Lavina."
 "Yes, but it could help clear our names. Think of it, Janice. We're suspected because of some jealous rage or revenge type killing. But if Grant was involved in a crime syndicate, it opens up a whole new scenario."
 "I hope so," Janice answered, "I never did it, Lavina. I have no idea how an aircraft engine works anyhow and wouldn't know how to vandalize the Cessna even if I wanted to."
 "I believe you. Always did. But if what if someone did sabotage the Cessna that Saturday or Sunday we were stranded in the ranges. Think back. Can you remember seeing anything out of the ordinary?"
 "I was so nervous about telling Grant I was pregnant I barely noticed anything," Janice said. "It was a pretty stressful time."
 "I know." Lavina patted her hand. "Anyhow, it's not our job. We'll let the police deal with it."
 "Shall we go up?"
 "No. We'll do everything through our lawyer." She tapped the crate. "This might only hold old junk. Anyhow, let's wait and see what happens."
 Janice nodded. "Thanks Lavina." Her face was still white and her hands shook. "You seem so level headed and in control of yourself while I'm just a bundle of nerves."
 "I'm not really but I certainly feel better now than I did yesterday." Lavina grinned. "You gave us such a fright. Poor Barrie was frantic after we found your car and you were still missing."
 "Was he?" Janice broke into a smile.
 "Yes." Lavina chuckled and reached out to grip Janice's cold hands. "And we'll come through this okay, I'm sure."
 "I hope so." Janice sighed and glanced at the ceiling. "I wonder if the cops have finished yet?"
 *
The police were thorough but careful. Everything opened or removed was put back in place, so by the time the house was searched it looked neater than when they started. The outbuildings were examined, but nothing was found. The police walked over the farm, searched the school, which had been included in the warrant, and discovered Janice's wrecked car in the gully.
 "Your friend didn't get far," Pat Stein said. "I hope she wasn't injured."
 "Just cuts and bruises," Barrie said. "That was one reason they went to town early...so Janice could get a medical check up."
 The detective studied Barrie for a moment but said nothing. Barrie flushed, suspecting that Stein knew he was lying.
 *
"Okay," Stein said an hour later as the party assembled back behind the house. "If you come across anything, please report it no matter how trivial it seems." He fixed his eyes on Steve. "I believe we're dealing with a criminal gang that has no scruples. Don't try to be heroic. And if any strangers appear, call us."
 The men shook hands while Cathy stood back and glowered. Pat Stein turned to the teenager and grinned. "Your mum and Miss Ludlow certainly have a good hiding place, Cathy. I hope they aren't too cold after waiting around all this time. Up in the old canyon, are they?"
 "They're probably having lunch at Ashley Grove," Cathy said in a sweet voice. "Why don't you call in when you get back to town?"
 Stein turned to Steve, "Great kid," he chuckled. "She should join the police force in a few years. We need that kind of loyalty."
 "No thanks," Cathy snapped. "I want a job that helps people"
 Stein grinned and climbed into the car Janet Frankton was driving.
*
A few moments later everyone was in the storeroom above the cellar watching as Barrie levered off the end of the thin crate.
 "Oh my God!" Lavina exclaimed as Steve slid a painting out and blew the dust from the surface.
 The oil painting was very old with the oil darkened by the years. It showed plump half undressed women with mystical creatures staring down at them. Cathy screwed her nose up in disgust.
 "Cripes!" Janice gasped, "Do you know what this is?"
 "Some famous artist," Steve replied. "It must be hundreds of years old."
 "About three hundred." Janice's eyes were like saucers. "I'm sure it's a Rubens painting and probably worth millions." She stared at the others. "There was one stolen from the Metropolitan Art Gallery in Auckland. Remember?"
 "Vaguely," Lavina said. "Wasn't that about the time we were rescued?"
 "Yes," Janice said. "Your rescue and this robbery were the main news items that week. No wonder the police were thorough."
 Barrie was impressed by Janice's excitement. "You know about art?"
 She shrugged. "A little. I did one art appreciation paper in my first year at varsity. If this is the painting stolen from the Metropolitan Art Gallery it's steeped in controversy."
 "How?" Lavina asked.
 "It was looted by the Nazis from Belgium during the war and taken to Germany. Then it was stolen by the Soviet troops when they hit Berlin in 1945. After that it disappeared and turned up in our country in the 1950s. A Latvian refugee who was in the Soviet Army apparently brought it with him and sold it for a paltry amount to an art collector who promptly resold it to the Metropolitan Art Gallery where it's been for over forty years."
 "So why are art thieves interested in it after all this time?" Steve asked.
 "It was in the news a year or so back," Janice said. The Belgians are claiming it was stolen from them and they want it back. I think the Metropolitan Art Gallery was about to return it to them. Some art galleries and private collectors will pay huge sums for a painting like this and don't care how it is procured. There's an international crime syndicate that specializes in stolen masterpieces." She grinned. "Grant might have unwittingly hit the big time, Lavina."
 "Yeah and more than likely that's what killed him," Lavina said.
 "So what do we do with it?" Barrie asked.
 "Put it back in the cellar," Steve said. "It's the safest place we've got. If the police didn't find the cellar, nobody will. Just make the cupboard appear unused. Toss a bit of dirty junk and paint tins in the front. Also, when the back door is shut, make sure any cracks are covered in dirt and grime."
 "Then what?" Lavina asked.
 "We go and talk to Simon Aikin. We do everything through him. I don't trust Detective Stein one bit."
 "And I say we do it straight away before this all gets out of hand," Lavina added.
 She glanced around but nobody disagreed. Even Cathy had a solemn expression as Steve placed the Rubens back in the frame. Barrie re-nailed the crate and they placed it back in the wine cellar.
 *
Simon Aikin smiled at the detective sitting across the room. He reached for a pile of documents, peeled off the top four and tossed them across the desk.
 "That's it, Pat," he said. "The sworn affidavits of Lavina Ryland, Steve Garnet, Janice Ludlow and the daughter, Cathy Ryland, on the events over the weekend the Cessna crashed killing Grant Ryland."
 He glanced at the sergeant and held another document. "This one will be held on file."
 "What's that?" Stein asked.
 "Two official complaints from Lavina and Janice about police harassment. They claim proper procedures weren't followed when you interviewed them. I believe they're also considering a complaint about the search through their personal property on the farm."
 He waited as Stein read the contents. "You've been busy haven't you, Simon?"
 The lawyer nodded and continued, "In exchange of an agreement to accept these affidavits and refrain from subjecting them to any further interviews, the two young woman we're discussing are prepared to give you information that could be advantageous to another inquiry in which you're participating."
 "Oh come off it," Pat said. "What do they know?"
 "Do you agree not to harass them again?" Simon was enjoying himself. It wasn't often he had this conscientious but ruthless detective almost grovelling in his office.
 "We're building a case against Janice Ludlow." Stein scowled and stabbed a finger at the lawyer. "That is confidential, Simon."
 "For sure," Simon replied. "But no heavy handed stuff. Everything will be done above board. Agreed?"
 "Okay, I agree. What have you got?"
 "The stolen Rubens," Aikin replied softly.
 "What!" Pat gasped and grabbed the arms of his chair, half lurching himself up. "Where?"
 "They have it on the farm and are prepared to hand it over to the police"
 "Shit!” Stein replied. "We searched the place over and found nothing. Where was it?"
 "They didn't say," Simon said, grinning. "Is that worth putting the other case on the back burner for a while?"
*
Whereas district farmers would notice a police or military helicopter, the giant one that landed behind the farmhouse on Upper Forks Road had been hired from a local agricultural company and didn't look out of place in the district.
 The four police officers and two civilians were met by the farm's inhabitants and escorted into the implement shed where Stein introduced Doctor Andre Van den Waardt, curator of the Metropolitan Art Gallery and his assistant, an austere plump woman in her late forties.
 "There it is ladies and gentleman," Lavina stated in a serious voice and pointed to the crate sitting on a bench. The end was already open so the end of the painting's frame could be seen inside.
 The two curators could barely cover their excitement as they slid the painting out to expose the Rubens landscape.
 "It looks genuine," Van den Waardt stated, "However, I'll need to examine it."
 He held it as if he was carrying eggs and strolled over to a brighter area by the door. He placed it on another bench, produced a magnifying glass and examined the corners. For several moments, he muttered and discussed items with his assistant before glancing up and smiling.
 "It's genuine," he stated in a quiet voice. "In perfect condition, too." His eyes swept the small group around him. "Thank you all for your efforts. We thought we'd never see it in this country again."
"Could we have a word inside, please?" Stein's boss, Inspector Harold Matthews said. After they were seated in the sitting room he continued. "What I am about to ask you has a degree of danger but you will be protected in every way possible," he began 
 "Go on, inspector." Steve glanced at Lavina who nodded but couldn't hide an apprehensive scowl.
 "We want to catch the people responsible for this theft, Mrs. Ryland. We know your late husband was just a small time participant in the robbery. We guess he was paid to store the painting here for a few months and afterwards deliver it to a smuggler after all the searches had been down scaled."
 "So that's what the farm search was for?" Barrie asked.
 "Yes. We believe Ryland tried to hold the painting for ransom, perhaps to get a larger cut, and he was killed in a revenge type killing."
 "But why would they do that if Grant still had the painting hidden?" Lavina asked. "Surely they would have got it back before murdering him."
 "You're perceptive, Mrs. Ryland. That's what we don't understand ourselves. These crime syndicates often have their own strict code of behaviour. Perhaps your husband broke it and, in the syndicate's mind, deserved to be punished."
 "What do you want us to do?" Steve asked.
 "We have a copy of the Rubens in the helicopter," Matthews said. "You or I couldn't tell the difference between it and the genuine product. We want to substitute this for the real one and leave it on the farm."
 "I don't want my family or friends put in any danger, Inspector," Lavina said. "We've had more than our fair share of excitement lately."
 "Fair enough," Matthews said. "We plan to have undercover agents on the farm all the time. One can be employed as a worker to help Barrie out while the others will maintain constant watch over the farm. They'll be disguised as hunters, trampers etc., and will discreetly come and go so neighbours won't notice anything out of the ordinary. We'll also be setting up electronic communications and tracking devices to cover the farm. The fake painting also contains a tracking device."
 "And what do you expect to achieve, Inspector?" Janice asked.
 "We want them to steal the painting back so we can follow it and catch the big minds behind the theft, not just the small local hoods doing the bit pieces."
 "Like my late husband."
 "Exactly, Mrs. Ryland. The biggest risk will be by Mr. Dey who will be on the property all the time but we will also be providing protection for everyone else during the operation." He stopped and waited for his words to be digested. "This is our chance to catch an international syndicate but we need your cooperation for it to work."
 "Can we have more details on the level of risk and protection to be provided before we make a decision?" Lavina asked.
 "Sergeant Stein will go through everything with you," Inspector Matthews replied. 
He sat back while the sergeant stood and gave a detailed description of the operation.
 "They sound a ruthless organization, Inspector," Lavina said. "What's the alternative if we don't wish to participate?"
 "It will go ahead regardless," Matthews replied, "We'll place the fake Rubens at a different site and leak information about its whereabouts. However, that is more likely to be seen as a set up. Unfortunately, because of your late husband's involvement, even if you don't help us, there is no guarantee your family or yourself will be free of danger."
 "No I guess not," Lavina whispered. She caught Steve's eyes and sighed. "I really see no alternative then. If everyone agrees we'll help you."
 "We want the best of protection," Steve insisted.
 "Especially for Barrie," Janice added. "He's the one who'll be confronted first."
*

Chapter 17
"Stop fussing, Mum." Cathy said from the bed at Westerfield Trust Hospital. "Nothing happens until tomorrow morning at ten. Go on home, I'll be fine."
 Lavina bent over and kissed her daughter on the cheek. She smiled at Steve, who was standing at the end of the bed. By opting for a private hospital, the waiting time for fitting the electronic toes to Cathy's foot had only taken three months. It was mid summer again and the school holidays.
 On the farm front, Barrie had been offered and accepted the position as permanent manager and Janice had moved in with him over the university holidays. The fake painting remained in the cellar and a state of limbo had descended over the situation as the police worker and extra patrols had come and gone without any developments. True to their word, both Lavina and Janice had been left alone and nothing more was heard about the sabotage of Grant Ryland's Cessna.
 One good point to come out of it was that the insurance company paid out in full for the aircraft's value. The proceeds were just about equal to the cost of Cathy's operation and new toes.
 Upper Forks Road Lodge was doing well. It was being hired out most weekends and occasionally during the week to interested parties, trampers or vacationers wanting a lazy couple of days in the back blocks. Janice had been appointed manager and custodian but Lavina, Cathy and Steve always drove up to help clean the old school between tenants. They were pleased with the majority of clients who cared for the property so well there was only regular maintenance to do.
 Now, the big excitement was Cathy and her operation. Dr Horstmann, the specialist, was excellent in that he explained everything without talking down to Cathy. He'd already shown her the toes and demonstrated how they worked. The main operation was to connect them to her body by drilling into the bones of her foot and inserting prongs. Afterwards, the implanted toes would be operated by a microprocessor wired to the three natural toes beside them. It was all high tech and very exciting for the family.
 "Mum, when I'm bridesmaid at your wedding, I'm not going to limp one little bit."
 Lavina felt tears gather in her eyes as she glanced back at Cathy's excited face. "That gives you about three months, sweetheart," she said.
 "You set a date! You didn't tell me."
 "Well," Steve laughed and tucked an arm around Lavina, "It depends on you. We promised to wait until you can walk properly and we'll keep that promise."
 "Then it'll only be a month." Cathy laughed. "I know it will."
 "Could be," Steve said, waving goodbye. "We'll be back about nine in the morning."
 Lavina gave her daughter one last affectionate look and walked out along the wide corridor.
 "I love you both," Cathy called back as she held up a little yellow instrument. "Thanks again for my own mobile phone!"
 "Remember, get permission before you use it in the hospital and not too many text messages," Lavina said.
 "She'll be fine," the charge nurse reassured them as they passed the nurse's station.
 "If she ever stops talking," Lavina said. "Steve reckons she'll blow the month's prepaid rental in two days."
 "Don't worry." The nurse laughed. "You wait until she's eighteen like my daughter."
*
 Steve and Lavina were driving home when the mobile phone rang. "Cathy, I bet." Lavina grinned and answered it.
 The voice however was a highly agitated Janice. "Lavina," she cried, "I've just arrived at the farm. The house has been wrecked and Barrie's gone!"
 "Wrecked?" Lavina frowned and repeated the sentence to Steve.
 "Everything's been stripped, drawers pulled out, clothes thrown everywhere, plates smashed. Even the television has been tipped over and the back ripped off it. I can't find Barrie," Janice's voice broke into a sob. "I'm scared, Lavina."
 "Give me the phone," Steve said.
 She nodded and handed it to him. "Are there any vehicles around, Janice?"
 "Only the two Land Rovers and my car. Nothing else."
 "Good. That means whoever did this has probably gone."
 "What about Barrie?" whimpered the distraught woman.
 "Look outside," Steve said. "You can normally see the kennels. Are the dogs tied up there?"
 There was brief silence before Janice's voice came back. "No. I can't see them."
 "That's a good sign and probably means Barrie has them with him. With two dogs anyone would think twice before attacking him." He glanced at Lavina and pressed mute. "Keep her talking, dear," he said. "I'm driving to the police station. It's closer than home."
 "It's me again." Lavina nodded at Steve and spoke in the mobile phone. "Have you phoned the police yet?"
 "No, only you. I'm scared, Lavina."
 "Have you turned any lights on yet, Janice?"
 "No, it's not quite dark yet."
 "Good, now go out to your car and drive towards town."
 "It's too far. Anyone could stop me."
 Lavina grimaced. Janice was obviously terrified. "Listen. Don't worry about the house or Barrie. He's got the dogs. Drive along to the school and park your car behind the swimming pool fence. It'll be out of sight from the road there. Lock yourself in the building but don't turn any lights on. Use the school phone to call us back. Go now. We'll call the police for you."
*
Though an old building, the farmhouse had been modernized throughout the years with walls removed and ceilings lowered. Janice stood in the open planned kitchen and sobbed quietly as she stared around. Immediately opposite her, the L-shaped sink and bench had every door opened. Pots, pans, baking utensils and other kitchenware lay strewn across the vinyl floor. The electric stove had been pulled out of the brick alcove that originally held an iron wood-burning model.
 The storage cupboard beyond that was emptied with flour, sugar and supplies everywhere. The couch was yanked to the middle of the room, tipped over and had the back material ripped off. Every book in the large corner bookshelf had been tossed to the floor and many of the larger books had covers ripped off.
 "Oh hell!" Janice sobbed and walked to the adjacent lounge. If anything, this was worse. The two couches and three chairs were slashed open and a massive china cabinet lay across the floor with broken crystal, wine glasses and ornaments everywhere. Everything of a larger size had been broken or cut open. The television and its cabinet were smashed and one curtain hung like a limp ghost on a bent runner.
 In spite of her fear, Janice walked through the rest of the house. Every room was totally looted with beds turned over and mattresses slashed open. One new wall that divided a large room into two had been kicked in and the framework exposed.
 It was twilight and the dull interior of the building sent shivers up her back. She let herself out the front door and walked around the lawn to her left. The hedge and trees seemed to have eyes and every sound, usually so friendly, had somehow turned ominous and frightening.
 Janice decided to head for the school as Lavina suggested. Her car was on the back drive across a wide concrete space. She found herself perspiring and her chest heaved as she gathered up enough courage to dash across to her car.
 She heard a new sound and stopped in her tracks. Whimpering. The dogs!
 She swung in the direction of the sound. A path led through a gap in the hedge to a small wooden gate. Beyond that was another drive that led to the woolshed. She wiped sweaty hands on her jeans, gulped saliva and stepped out onto the path.
 She ran to the building, so fast, she arrived gasping for breath with a hand gripped against a veranda support. She'd been heard. Loud barking and whining sounded behind the closed double doors in front of her and scratching noises rattled at its base.
 Janice slid the heavy latch back, pulled the door and was immediately surrounded by two barking, grovelling dogs who leaped at her with wagging tails and sloppy tongues licking her face.
"Whoa girls!" she gasped in relief as Bunt and Spotty tore around in circles with their noses on the ground before rushing up at her again. "Where's Barrie? Is he inside?"
 The dark interior seemed empty but Janice risked turning the lights on for a few seconds. As the area lit up she could see the place looked normal. An open wool bale stood in its iron frame and was half filled with woolly tails, recently cut off the farm lambs, while others were in a tidy pile on the floor as if Barrie was in the middle of sorting and counting them.
 "Barrie!" she called, but all was quiet. Janice went cold with fear. If the dogs were here, Barrie was alone. She turned to the animals.
 "Spotty, Bunt, find Barrie," she ordered. With their ears pitched forward, the dogs gazed at her for a moment before barking and running out of the wool shed. They ran directly back to the house, around the lawn, over to the implement shed and zigzagged back and forth, nose to the ground. Their search exhausted, the two dogs returned, sat in front of Janice and stared at her with their dark round eyes. Bunt gave a mournful woof and her tail hung limp as if she'd let her mistress down.
 "It's not your fault," Janice whispered. She felt a lump in her throat and that fear of being watched, once again shuddered through her mind. "Come on, girls," she said. "We'll take Barrie's Land Rover."
 The dogs woofed, ran to the vehicle, jumped in the open back and stared expectantly at her.
 "Okay." She smiled for the first time, swallowed her fear and made another dash back to the kitchen.
 She breathed out in relief and grabbed the keys from their usual spot on a hook above the telephone. Within seconds, the Land Rover, with the lights left off, headed towards the old school. Another frightening few moments passed as she had to open a farm gate but then it was only a short journey to park behind the tin swimming pool fence.
 "Come on, girls," Janice whispered, headed for the building and walked inside. "Thank God!" she gasped. In the twilight, everything seemed normal. The vandals had not been here.
 She rubbed both dogs' ears, locked the door and made her way to the corridor telephone and dialled Steve's mobile phone number. Lavina immediately answered.
 "I'm at the school," Janice gasped and burst into hysterical sobs.
*
"We're only a few kilometres away, Janice." Lavina pressed the mute button on her phone. "She sounds pretty scared."
 "We've got more trouble," Steve said. "I'm sure that vehicle back there is following us."
 Lavina stared at her fiancé then in her own rear view mirror. As they came to a straight stretch of road, she could see a modern car behind them. "How can you be sure?"
 "It appeared when we turned into Upper Forks Road. I have a feeling they were at the junction just waiting for us. I tried speeding up and afterwards slowing but it has maintained the same distance back. As you know, when you slow down on this road, the car behind usually comes up and passes."
 "What is it?" came Janice's voice on the mobile phone, Lavina shot a worried glance at Steve and spoke back into the phone. “Nothing," she lied. "Steve just got a bit of a fright when he took a corner too fast. I hear a dog. Have you got them with you?" She continued to talk softly as Steve entered a windy uphill section. Once they were over the summit, it was only two kilometres to the school.
 "We need to do something," Steve said. "But what?"
 "Keep going," Lavina suggested. "The road becomes a four wheel drive when we reach the pine forest beyond the native bush. I doubt if a car could make it through all the ruts caused by last winter. There's also that old logging road that circles back down to the other fork. We'll get through but I doubt if a car could."
Steve nodded. "What about Janice?"
Lavina pressed the mute button again. "I'll get her to wait at the gate. There's only a short straight after that big 'S' bend. If you speed up around these bends, I'm sure you can gain some distance on the car, enough to stop and then get her and the dogs."
 "Okay. Tell her to have all the lights off."
 Lavina relayed the information and glanced down the hill behind. It was dark now and she could see the car lights below. "City drivers, they're okay on a motor way but these back roads slow them," she muttered. "You're right, Steve. We've gained at least two bends on them."
 "Hang on." Steve slowed, engaged four-wheel-drive and let out the clutch. The heavy treaded tyres gripped the loose metal. The jeep growled but took the next tight bend with ease. When they reached the summit, Lavina reported the car was now about four or five minutes back.
 "Good." Steve changed down and swung the wheel around another tight bend. The whole rear of the jeep slid out before the tyres gripped and the engine propelled it forward. "How's Janice doing?"
 "Janice, get to the gate and hurry!" Lavina shouted into the mobile phone. She switched the phone off and glanced at Steve. "She'll be there"
 Steve saw her beside the road when they drove around the next bend. The jeep screeched to a stop with all four wheels sending stones flying, Lavina jumped out, ran around and opened the back door, the dogs jumped in while Janice scrambled through Lavina's door to the back seat. Lavina jumped back in and Steve accelerated away, just as the car appeared around the bend.
 "Steve!" Janice screamed as she stared out the back window. "I saw a red flash. They're firing at us."
 "Hang on!" Steve yelled and wobbled the steering wheel to send the robust vehicle right, left then right again.
 "That's it," Janice continued, her voice almost a squeal. "The car's lights are wobbling like hell. I'm sure they almost lost control. They've dropped back."
"Steve!" Lavina screamed.
 "I see it."
 Lights of a vehicle ahead suddenly switched on. A stationary vehicle was directly in front of them blocking the road just beyond the farm driveway. The enemy wanted them to turn towards home, but Steve had other ideas. The road was dark, the vehicle's headlights dazzled them on high beam but Steve knew there was a grass verge on the left before a small ditch and fence line. He headed straight for the lights.
 "The car behind is catching up!" Janice yelled.
 "The front one hasn't moved," Lavina reported.
 Steve braked so severely, the seat belts gripped all three passengers and almost propelled the dogs over on top of Janice.
 "Oh my God!" Janice screamed as the car behind almost rammed into their back bumper.
 But Steve wasn't on the road. He swung left, and the jeep's front wheels lifted off the ground while the motor screamed and they clunked down in a teeth-shattering shudder. The manoeuvre succeeded. Four spinning wheels gripped the grassy surface and the jeep swayed. Steve touched the accelerator, the jeep swung into the slide and moved forward.
 Lavina stared sideways and saw the vision of another car slide past Steve's window in a blur. He swung the steering wheel and the jeep bounced back over a rut onto the road again.
 "You did it!" Lavina shouted.
 Steve slowed, wiped a sweaty hand on his jacket and grinned at Lavina. "I'm glad we're in the jeep."
 "Nothing behind," Janice reported.
 "Yeah, we've gained a few minutes but they won't be giving up," Steve said.
 Janice turned and gripped the front seat. "That car must have been there when I drove to the old school."
 "Probably," Lavina said. "I guess they knew the other car was at the fork and if you'd kept going it would have stopped you. Going to the school worked. When we came along we must have totally confused them."
 Steve slowed. "I'm going to kill the lights. We wind uphill again soon. If they can't see us, it'll be to our advantage. Janice, tell us if you see any lights behind. Lavina, stick your head out the window and help guide me. It's pretty dark but I'm sure our eyes will adjust."
 He slowed again and everything went black, with a star-studded sky making a rectangle between the silhouettes of pine trees on each side.
 "Go right," Lavina said as Steve almost sideswiped a small bank.
 They climbed and the surface change from gravel to clay meant there was a smoother ride.
 "In winter no car could get through here but it's dry now," Steve muttered. "He manoeuvred the jeep around one bend after another.
 "Lights below!" Janice said. "At the bottom of the zigzag."
 "Thanks." Steve turned slightly towards Lavina. The whites of his eyes almost glowed in the dim light. "That fire break road is ahead at a 'Y' junction. If we're lucky and turn down it, that lot behind may keep to this road."
 "Good idea," Lavina said. "There's a whole network of forest roads all circling around the hillside. Some of them are pretty steep. I doubt if a car could make it."
 Moments later Lavina noted a gap in the black line of trees. "The junction," she said.
 "Fine. Can you see lights now, Janice?" Steve asked.
 "No, the trees are in the way."
 "Good." Steve turned the sidelights on, hoping that there would be no reflection but enough to see by.
 He was right. The clay road shone in the illumination and showed a definite spit in two with the road veering right and a narrower track to the left. Steve turned left and through massive clumps of spiky grass growing in from both sides in front of black pines a few meters back. Steve killed the lights again and they were in total darkness. He changed down to a crawler gear and edged the sturdy vehicle forward.
 Lavina gripped the handhold and turned to face Steve, " Cathy is expecting us at the hospital. We were going to go back to see her about now."
 "She'll understand," Steve comforted.
 "I'll get onto Pat Stein's special number first then phone Cathy," Lavina said, "
She reached for the mobile phone but her brow wrinkled into a scowl. "We're out of range. I can't get anybody."

*

CHAPTER 18
Cathy's mobile phone did run non-stop. She sent text messages to Donna, Ellie and other friends as the light outside the hospital window faded into darkness. After finishing her last text she frowned. She called home, but there was no reply. She rang Steve's mobile phone but received a voice reply stating the number was off line. Finally, she tried the old school, but it was all to no avail.
 "What's wrong, Cathy?" the nurse who'd just walked into her room, asked.
 "I can't get my mum on the mobile phone."
 "Perhaps she's on her way here right now."
 "Could be, but why is Steve's mobile phone turned off?"
 The nurse looked at her worried patient and took time to sit down and chat. Fifteen minutes passed before Cathy was alone again. Nobody had visited, so the teenager went through all the numbers again with the same result.
 “Oh Mum, where are you?" Cathy didn't know whether to be angry or worried.
 She bit on her lower lip and tried to become interested in the program on the television at the end of her bed. Finally, after a third attempt at all the numbers she pressed Memory 9, the special number given to them.
 "Constable Jane Frankton speaking,” the voice answered on the second ring.
 "Jane, it's Cathy Ryland. I'm worried. I can't get my mother on the phone." In small gasping sentences she explained everything that had happened.
 "You did the right thing, Cathy. Have you a number I can call back to?"
 "I'm at Westerfield Trust Hospital. I don't think they'll like the phone ringing."
 "Don't you worry about that," Jane replied. "I'll get some officers to try and contact your mum straight away. It's probably a little thing like a flat tyre in that jeep of yours and your mum is tucked behind a hill out of mobile phone range."
 "Could be. Thanks Jane." Cathy was still worried when she clicked off.
*
It was just before noon that day when Barrie glanced through the window of the woolshed. Two black cars that had slowed down and turned into the driveway. He frowned, tossed a handful of lamb tails into the wool bale, noted down the total and walked to the door.
"Stay here, girls," he told the two dogs resting a few meters away. "I won't be a moment."
 He slipped out a small side door, absentmindedly swung it shut behind him, ignored the wee clunk as the latch clicked and headed for the gate in the hedge.
 The scene looked ominous. Eight men fanned out from the cars to surround the house. Barrie retreated through the fence and ran along the woolshed side, around a bend and across to a second gate at the rear of the house section.
 Now, if he could get to the implement shed, there was the hunting rifle locked in the security cupboard inside. He reached down, felt the bunch of keys he always carried attached to his belt and grunted in satisfaction.
 Barrie had the rifle in his hands within seconds but the bolt and bullets were both in separate locked drawers. With an eye on the half opened front door he fumbled with the keys. Damn! Which one was it? The fourth key fit. He reached in for the oil-impregnated paper. Good, he had the bolt.
 Adrenalin rushed through his body. A man was walking towards the door. Cursing his own ultra-cautiousness with firearms he fumbled though the keys again. The second worked, he grabbed the cardboard box of cartridges inside.
 "There's one in the shed!" a voice yelled.
 Barrie slid left behind the old farm Land Rover and crawled around the edge of the vehicle.
 "Holy shit!" His whole body jumped in fright as a firearm discharged and the shed vibrated in an explosion. A bullet whined as it ricocheted off something behind him? A second shot shattered Land Rover's windscreen and covered him in slivers of glass. Barrie dived down and crawled beneath the vehicle.
 He could see suit legs and shiny black shoes against the light of the door.
 "Come on out!" a harsh voice said.
 Barrie had the full magazine clipped in his rifle. He slid the weapon forward, aimed between the two shoes and fired. The report rung in his ears and he grinned at the sound of an oath and saw the legs make a hasty retreat.
 But Barrie was not out of trouble. Within seconds, he knew the shed would be surrounded. He grimaced and stared around. The storeroom was at the opposite end of the shed beyond his own Land Rover.
 He slithered across behind the second vehicle and crouched, panting beside a tyre so he could see the door. A man stood there holding a revolver ready to fire.
 Barrie's heart thumped in his chest but his arm was steady as he reached forward and fired at the ground in front of the man. After the sound echoed away, he swung around and saw the door was empty. It was the moment to move!
 Without hesitation, he charged across the ten-meter gap.
 "Get the bastard!"
 The words were obliterated by another gunshot explosion as Barrie reached the storeroom, flung the door open and crashed through. He felt stinging pain in his left leg before he heard the explosion. In agony, he collapsed sideways when his leg ceased to function.
 "Winged the prick!" More words rang in his ears.
 "Be careful. He knows how to handle that rifle," a second voice growled.
 Barrie wiped away tears of pain. His leg was useless and jeans already sticky with blood. He fired at nothing in particular, yanked the door shut and, crawled towards the cellar cupboard door.
 With super human fortitude, he opened it and had the forethought to only remove enough of the paint tins inside to leave room to crawl past. He placed three tins in a neat pile on the floor and heaved himself into the cupboard. Everything became black as the light was shut out and claustrophobic silence filled the dusty air.
 Barrie felt forward for the latch of the interior door. Bugger! His hand brushed a paint tin and the noise sounded like thunder.
 He stopped dead still and listened. But everything continued to remain silent. Barrie twisted himself back and reached for the hidden latch. Yes, it was there!
 He held his breath, opened the door and sighed in relief when the interior light flooded the area below.
He managed to drag himself downstairs and along past the wine shelves to the end space. He grabbed a penknife from his pocket, reached down and sliced open the leg of his jeans. The calf muscle of this lower leg was a mass of blood. With a low moan, he lowered himself to the floor with his back against the bench, ripped his shirt and used the material to wrap around the wound. However, his vision began to cloud, the room turned blotchy purple and his stomach heaved as aftershock gained control.
 He gasped, used the adjacent chair to help himself stagger onto his good leg, stretched forward and pulled the old fashioned light cord to plunge the cellar into darkness. Satisfied, he let himself collapse to the floor and remembered no more.
*
 The track ruts had been gouged out by earlier spring rain and were now three quarters of a meter deep by half that wide so the only way to prevent the jeep from sinking to its axles was to keep on the humps. After driving at a walking pace for an hour the trio now had the vehicle's lights blazing. There was no possibility what-so-ever that the cars could make it where they'd been so their priority was to get to a high point where the mobile phone would work. After that their plans were uncertain.
 Lavina was concerned about how Cathy might be feeling at the moment. She'd persuaded a tired Steve to let her take over the driving and was quite an expert in manoeuvring the heavy vehicle through even the most severe sections. Steve, Janice and the dogs walked beside or ahead of the vehicle to help navigate the best route.
 Steve squatted down to see where the front wheels were. "Left," he shouted. "Keep her going." This was a particularly tough downhill section where the humps between the ruts were so narrow the left tyres were several centimetres over space.
 Lavina bit on her bottom lip in sheer concentration and moved the steering wheel in the direction asked, the wheels turned slowly and the jeep edged forward. However, there was a slight curve. The back swung out ever so slightly and the rear wheels hit a soft section and began to sink.
 "Steve!" screamed Janice. "The back!"
 Steve looked up and immediately saw the problem. "Speed up and just keep going!" he hollered. "We'll meet you at the bottom."
 Lavina nodded and pressed the accelerator. The motor growled. Just as the rear tyres sank, the forward momentum and the pull of the front wheels allowed the jeep to grip. Dried clumps of soil spun out and the whole frame quivered. With a clunk, the back chassis hit the ground. Lavina accelerated again and the four tyres finally found a solid base. The jeep tore forward leaving, Steve, Janice and the dogs behind.
 "She's going to do it!" screamed Janice.
 The jeep bounced. Clumps of dried mud spun out into the darkness but it moved forward at a speed that presented its own difficulty. Lavina was now going too fast.
 She realized to brake could cause a slide so she lifted her foot from the accelerator and allowed the motor to help while she gripped the steering wheel and hoped she could take the sharp right hand bend ahead. Once again, the jeep shook and bounced but Lavina felt the far side drop and corrected until the vehicle was on the flat heading straight for the bend.
 Now she braked and turned right, the rear swung out with the wheels skidding sideways on the hard ground. Lavina corrected but the edge of the track crumpled beneath the weight of the vehicle.
 With a screech of steel against dirt, the axle crunched onto the ground, toppling the jeep sideways. It quivered and crashed back down again on a forty-five degree angle. For a moment, four wheels spun. There was another violent shudder and the motor stalled.
 The dogs reached Lavina first, then a worried Steve who reached in through the driver's door to grab her shoulders.
 "I'm okay," she gasped and swished hair out of her eyes. She turned a pale face to Steve. "I've buggered it up now, haven't I?"
 "It wasn't your fault," Steve explained. "The whole side of the track collapsed under the weight of the jeep. You were well away from the edge."
 Lavina frowned as she unclipped her seatbelt and let Steve help her out. Perspiration rolled down her face. "I thought that if I stopped, the jeep would clunk down to its axles and we'd never get out." She glared angrily at the two inside wheels embedded in a massive hole. "And that's exactly what happened."
 Wrapping his arms around her in a massive bear hug, Steve kissed her cheek. "You're not hurt and that's all that matters. Nobody could have driven better than you did."
 "I'm still annoyed with myself," Lavina said. "If I'd slowed..."
 "We would have been stuck half way down that steep section," Janice said. "I thought you'd roll down that bank, for sure."
 "What do we do now?" Lavina asked.
 "We'll need the old Land Rover's winch," Steve said as he walked around and examined the jeep. "If we try to drive out we could end up sliding down the slope" He reached into the cab and retrieved a torch. "I keep it under the dashboard,” he explained before he reached back and turned off the vehicle's lights.
 “How far is it back to the farm?" Janice asked.
 Lavina screwed her nose up. "Four or five kilometres. We've been climbing most of the time so the trip back will be mainly downhill. These tracks go in circles so if we continue we should arrive back at Upper Forks Road again."
 "And the cars?" Janice shuddered.
 "I wouldn't worry too much,” Steve said. “If we turn the torch off and keep near the trees, their headlights will give them away before they see us." He shrugged. "They mightn't even be here now."
 "Don't count on it," Lavina said. "They're looking for us and they're armed."
 She opened the driver's door, reached in for their jackets and handed Janice hers. "Even though it's a summer night, it will become quite cool before we reach home."
 She stared one last time at the stranded jeep. "Bloody stupid thing to do," she said. "Come on. Let's go."
 The trio, followed by two dogs who welcomed the opportunity to run around, stepped out along the lonely track. On both sides pine trees towered above them but the ground beneath was smooth and dry.
 "As long as we stick to the middle of the track and avoid the ruts, the darkness shouldn't hinder us too much," Steve commented as he squeezed the hand that slipped into his.
 "It's a lovely night," murmured Lavina. "If it wasn't for those gangsters." She grinned in the darkness as she felt Janice grab her other hand and one of the dogs brush against her legs. In the distance, a night bird called out its plaintive cry.
 *
Pat Stein and Jane Frankton were the first off the helicopter that landed behind the farmhouse in evening twilight. They walked towards the house while six other armed police fanned out in every direction.
 "They did the place over, all right," Stein muttered as the pair walked through the house. "I doubt if it'll do much good but we'll get the fingerprint guys in."
 The police search was thorough and confirmed that two large sized cars had been in the drive recently and someone had been shot in the implement shed, the dogs had gone and there was no trace of Steve Garnet's jeep or any of the group. A quick radio message confirmed they were not at their known addresses in the city.
 "Blast!" Stein snarled and kicked at a piece of debris in frustration. "We pulled our people out too soon." He turned to a policeman standing nearby. "Get a sample of that blood on the ground, Constable. I want to know whose it is."
 "What about the painting?" Jane asked. "'Has it gone?"
 "That's a good point," Stein replied. "Last week after nobody took the bait, we decided to put it back in that cellar. We'll check."
 Moments later, they found Barrie lying in a pool of blood. His eyes flickered open as the light came on and he gave a weak smile of recognition. "You took your time getting here, sergeant," he spluttered. "I was beginning to think I'd have to walk out."
 Stein glanced at Jane. "Get a stretcher in here, constable," he snapped. "Let's get him to hospital.” After Jane left, he knelt down beside the wounded man and examined his wound. "Had a gun battle, I see, Barrie. You've lost a bit of blood there but it's mainly superficial. What happened?'
 Barrie grimaced. "Two car loads of them arrived, I was cut off and managed to hide in here. That's about it. I was in the woolshed by myself at the time. Well, I had the dogs with me..."
 "They've gone and so have Steve, Lavina and Janice, along with the jeep." Stein interrupted, "Can you shed any light on what happened to them?"
 Barrie frowned. "I never saw them. All this happened about noon. I guess I passed out."
 The stretcher party and another policeman arrived. He went straight to Stein. "Could you come to the road, sergeant? There are some interesting marks there."
 "Right," Pat replied and glanced back at Barrie. "We'll get you to hospital, lad and contact you as soon as any information comes through."
Moments later he was at the gate where two powerful lights lit up tyre marks gouged through the roadside grass. "Those are the jeep's tracks and are quite recent, sergeant," a policeman reported. "Why would he skid all over the grass?"
 Stein frowned and walked along the road. "Here!" he snapped. "Look at these gravel marks. One of those cars was sitting in the middle of the road. I'd say they tried to stop the jeep and the driver cut through the inside, bounced back onto the road and headed up into the pine forest."
 He clicked on his radio. "I want more people up to Upper Forks Road," he ordered. "There are only two access routes into this valley. I want them sealed off.  Nobody is to be allowed in, even locals." He turned as Jane stepped in beside him. "If they're in the jeep on those pine forest tracks the cars will have trouble following them," 
 "The painting's still in the cellar," Jane said.
 Stein stared at her. "I have a feeling these are the big bosses we've been trying to nab. I only hope we're in time and they haven't left the district."
*

CHAPTER 19
By ten, Cathy had given up any chance of sleeping. She dropped the two tiny red pills the nurse left for her into a bowl of flowers and gazed around. Her room was dark but the corridor outside was lit.
 "Damn!" She rolled over for the umpteenth time, pinched her lips and made a decision.
 Within seconds she'd changed into her clothes, bunched up her blankets in a crude attempt to make it look as if she was in bed, and slipped into the corridor. All was quiet. The nursing station and main door were on her left, so she went right. Three quarters of the way along was a green exit sign that Cathy turned into. It led to side stairs. Moments later she was at an emergency door with push bars to open.
 If the door was alarmed she would be caught but she decided to risk it and pushed the bar down. The door opened outwards to reveal a small walkway between the buildings. A light lit the area up.
 "Good," she whispered to herself and stepped forward.
 The well-lit front of the hospital was silent. Vehicles cluttered around the parking area but nobody was in sight. It was only at that point that Cathy began to regret her actions. She shivered, more in apprehension than because of the temperature. She considered just walking back inside but decided to have one more glance around.
 There was a taxi parked by the main doors. She gulped and walked over to it. "Can you give me a ride home?" she asked the bored driver.
 "Sure, miss," he replied, folding his newspaper. "Been visiting, have you?"
 Cathy was about to think of some excuse for being there but realized the man wasn't really interested so she just muttered something under her breath and climbed in the back.
 Home at 23 Ashley Grove seemed strangely different. The floodlights came on as the driver swung in but everything else was in darkness. She paid her fare and let herself inside.
 The place was empty.
 Cathy walked through to the double garage. The jeep was gone but her mother's car sat in its usual spot. A wicked gleam came into the youngster's eyes. She'd driven the old Land Rover on the farm for months now; it was completely illegal but this was an emergency. She'd drive herself out to the farm.
 After methodically locking everything up and, with her pulse racing she sat behind the driver's seat and glanced at the controls. This was an automatic so would be easier to drive than the Land Rover with its clunky gears. She switched on the car lights and pressed the garage door remote and watched as it slid up on quiet rollers.
 So far, so good! She gripped the steering wheel and realized there was no key. Damn! Apprehensive of the darkness outside, Cathy walked back into the house, gathered the keys from their usual place and returned to the quiet garage.
 The car started easily. She backed out turned in the bay provided and used her remote to shut the garage door. The car responded far more easily than the Land Rover and Cathy became confident.
 Well sort of. She'd never driven in traffic before and there were three sets of traffic lights to get through before she reached the motorway. The first was green but the second red. Cathy braked too violently and almost stalled then jumped forward too quickly when the light turned green. However, she managed to reach the motorway without any major problem. Overhead streetlights lit the road and traffic was light. Cathy pressed the accelerator and the speedometer crept up to a hundred kilometres an hour, a hundred and ten. God she was going over the speed limit yet cars were zooming past. The motorway was easy to drive on but she realized the off ramp was coming up soon. She signalled, cut to the inside lane, and found herself on the narrow off ramp.
 Cathy forgot to brake and went clean though into a small dark side road. She swung the wheel; the car careered right across to the wrong side of the road, shuddered and returned to the correct side. Luckily, no other vehicle was close.
She cursed and regretted her decision to drive the car. But it was too late now. She was committed.
 The road was dark with no overhead lights. Cathy fumbled around, pressed the stick by the wheel and the lights switched to high beam. White lines with shiny cat's eyes made the driving easier but Cathy slowed. Cars roared past and one blared its horn.
 "Same to you buddy!" Cathy snarled and continued on.
 She reached The Lower Forks Road and the white lines disappeared. It was like driving into a tunnel. Soon, too, the bends began but Cathy was in luck. No cars appeared in either direction. It was as if she was alone in the world. Cathy estimated it would take about fifteen minutes to reach the farm, began to regain her confidence and went a little faster until she arrived at the gravel road.
 The car swerved and stones banged the floor. Cathy braked and screeched to a stop. The narrow road with tall grass blowing along the edges appeared scary, not the friendly road home she remembered. She bit on a fingernail and edged slowly ahead.
 Two bends later, she passed a side road. She knew the next turn off was Upper Forks Road.
 "My God!" she cried after she drove around the next bend. Upper Forks Road was lit up by blue and red flashing lights. A police car was parked across the turnoff. In a panic she pushed the accelerator and just kept going along Lower Forks Road. She saw a policeman gazing at her as she zoomed by and expected to hear a siren wailing any moment. Another bend appeared. She braked, swung too much but managed to get around. She drove on until she came to a small pull off area.
 "What do I do, now? Come on, girl. Think!"
 She remembered that Number Two Line Road cut across and joined Upper Forks Road just before the forest. It was hardly used anymore and, as far as she could remember, only had a woolshed half way along it.
 Cathy gritted her teeth, realized her sore foot was aching but this was no time to wimp out. She drove slowly on and, a kilometre later, turned into the side road where another shock met her. It was so narrow the car would hardly fit. She slowed, engaged low and proceeded at a speed so slow the car would jerk stop and start forward again. A cutting on the right glared in the headlights while, to the left the land dipped away into blackness.
 Ten nerve-racking minutes later, the thirteen year old was beyond the crest of the hill and winding down to the next valley. She could see the dark outline of the pine forest as she turned left. Ahead lay the long circular route through the forest, the patch of bush then home. Cathy glanced at the dashboard clock. It was after midnight. Her mum was going to growl hell out of her for leaving the hospital and taking the car. She was in deep trouble. She wiped a sweaty hand over her forehead, noticed the star-studded sky overhead for the first time and headed for the forest.
 *
Accompanied by the two dogs, Janice walked back along the dark road with only the silhouetted pine trees to guide her. She stumbled on a rut, just stopped herself falling to her knees and continued on until she saw something in the starlight ahead.
 "Steve, Lavina," she said. "A car's coming."
 "Back into the trees," Steve said. "Go in beyond at least three trees before you stop."
 They'd been walking along Upper Forks Road for almost an hour and Janice had volunteered to go a bend ahead with the dogs. Her precaution had paid off.
*
 It was pitch dark under the trees so only by using their arms; the three could make their way forward. Soft pine needles accompanied by the unique smell of pine trees made the brief journey almost pleasant as Lavina, with her hand in Steve's, edged forward through a gap between two trees and continued further until they found a small embankment to crouch behind. She called the dogs in and held Bunt's collar while Steve did the same with Spotty.
 "Quiet, girls," Lavina whispered and strained her ears for the sound of incoming vehicles.
 "They're coming back," Steve whispered.
 A blaze of lights shone as two vehicles appeared. They were travelling slowly and Bunt growled softly. Then Lavina saw why. Several people were walking beside the cars and torchlight beams danced through the trees.
 "Get down and look away," Steve said.
 Lavina saw Janice's terrified eyes a meter away.
 "Come on out!" a voice so close it made Lavina jump echoed through the forest. But she gripped her dog and stayed still. Any movement now could mean instant discovery.
 Light swung across where they had been mere seconds before, stopped and slowly swung back. Lavina found herself trembling. If they had left any footprints, surely they'd be seen.
 "Come on out!" the voice boomed again. "We found your jeep so know you're there."
 The next noise was so loud and terrifying Lavina could only hold her mouth to stop a scream. A shot was fired from somebody less than ten meters away. She could see the red flash and the resulting crack of the explosive rang in her ears. But she felt something reassuring. An arm, Steve's, hugged her close. No, two arms. Janice's trembling arm was also around her waist.
 The dogs crouched beside her, soundless with bristling hair. Lavina could tell they were on high alert, ready to attack, if ordered.
 The lights swung back with shadows of the trees flicking over them. Reflected light from the cars lit everything as bright as day. Four people walked by and a voice hissed. “I tell you, they'll be going the other way.”
 "We searched there," came an angry reply. "The only alternative is back up the track the jeep came down."
 "That's hardly likely. Why don't we just wait until morning?" The voices blended into the night and became incomprehensible and the two cars rolled forward until only the red taillights could be seen. The forest returned to darkness.
 The arms around squeezed and Lavina felt a small kiss brush her cheek. "Oh Steve," she whispered but a second later jumped in fright again. A second shot had been fired but this was around the bend.
Bunt growled and Lavina could feel the dog's trembling body. "We're safe, girl," she whispered. "The bad men have gone!"
 Without talking, they made their way back to the road and continued the journey away from the direction the enemy had taken.
 "You two stay here. I'll drop back in case they return," Steve said.
 "No," Lavina snapped. "We keep together now. We mustn't be too far from the edge of the forest. Then it's only a few hundred meters to Lower Forks Road. Once there, we can head to the neighbour's place."
 "Okay," Steve said. "Keep to the outside edge."
 They were winding downhill now with a small cliff on the inside and trees below but vision in both directions was blocked by bends. Gradually, courage replaced nervousness and the dogs appeared their normal tail wagging selves again. They reached a level section that disappeared into darkness ahead.
 Suddenly, Bunt began yelping and, followed by Spotty went charging ahead out of sight.
 "What the…" Steve grumbled. The sound the dogs had heard reached his ears. "Another car," he said. "Get into the trees."
 Everything was a blaze of lights again. A vehicle was in front coming straight towards them but was travelling in a strange wriggling motion.
 Lavina dived into a clump of grass and turned to stare back. She could hear the dogs barking but it was that joyful bark like when they were playing, not the bark of aggression. The car came up and flashed by; brakes were applied and it shuddered to a stop. Lavina rose to her feet and squinted through the contrasting darkness and light from the headlights. It couldn't be.
 But it was. It was her own car!
 The yelping dogs ran up to the stationary vehicle in excitement.
 A window wound down and a small voice called out. "Mum, Steve, are you there?"
 "Cathy!" Lavina screamed. She ran to the car flung open the driver's door and pulled her daughter into her arms.
 "I'm sorry, Mum," Cathy said. "I couldn't just stay in hospital not knowing what happened. I had to come and find you."
 "And you drove the car from town?" Steve's awed voice sounded as he tucked his arms around them both.
 "Yes...don't be mad at me." Cathy sobbed.
 "My God, Cathy, for rescuing us?" Lavina found tears in her own eyes. "How could we be mad?"
 "Slide over," Steve said with a grin. "I'll drive." He held the back door open, the dogs followed by Janice and Lavina tumbled in and Cathy scrambled across to the front passenger seat.
 "I saw the dogs," she explained to Lavina and Janice while Steve concentrated on the driving. "The dogs recognized the car. I was so relieved."
 Janice grinned. "The dogs knew you were coming well before we did."
 "And you drove right through the city and out here?" Lavina repeated. "You're only thirteen!"
 "But I've driven the Land Rover for ages," Cathy wiped her eyes and grinned.
 "But the hospital?" Lavina said.
 "When nobody answered my mobile phone calls and you didn't visit I knew something was wrong."
 "So all by yourself, you set out to rescue us?" Steve said, amazed.
 "Uh-huh."
 "I'm so proud of you, sweetheart," Lavina said.
 Between them the trio explained what happened and Cathy repeated her own hair-raising story.
 "The cops have a road block at the junction," Cathy concluded. "It mustn't be far away."
*
She was right. Three bends beyond the forest they saw the flashing lights and pulled to a stop. Jane Frankton stared at the carload of people with a mystified expression across her face. "Where have you all been?"
 "It's a long story," Steve said.
 "Have you found, Barrie?" Janice leaned forward and stared at the constable.
 "He's fine, Janice. A helicopter took him to the hospital."
 "Hospital!" Janice gasped. "What happened?"
 “He was hit in the leg by a bullet but he's not badly hurt. We found him hidden in that secret cellar of yours.”
 "We'll head for town then," Steve said. "It appears we have two hospitals to visit."
 "But we need to find out..." the constable protested.
 "The men you want are in the pine forest," Steve yelled back out his window. "If you've got a car at the other end they'll be trapped. Careful though, they're armed."
 "Wait!" Before the policewoman could do any more the car moved slowly forward around an orange cone in the middle of the road and headed for town.
 "Let them go," Pat Stein said from behind her.
 "But the car," Jane protested. "How'd it get out here? We know it was at their house in town."
 "The daughter drove it out," Stein said.
 "What! She's only thirteen!"
 "A resourceful family, constable." Stein's face cracked into a grin. "She even used Number Two Line to bypass our road blocks."
 "How do you know?" Jane asked.
 "We had 23 Ashley Grove under surveillance and one of our cars followed her most of the way."
 *
Five minutes after Stein's call, three helicopters landed at strategic spots around Upper Forks Road and more armed personnel were unloaded. One helicopter, now with Stein and Frankton aboard, rose into the air again and headed for the pine forest. The pilot adjusted a pair night glasses that magnified the available light so the dark view below became visible like an old black and white movie.
 "There are two cars below," he reported a few moments later. "They've pulled in under the trees and have switched their lights off. " He grinned. "I'd say they heard us coming."
 "Let's show them we mean business," Stein said.
 The helicopter swooped along the road just above tree level and hovered mere meters above the vehicles. A searchlight switched on and lit the area like day.
 "This is the police," a loudspeaker blared out. "All the occupants of the vehicles below will move to the middle of the road, crouch to your knees and place hands behind your head."
 A suited figure dashed out from the trees and raised an arm. Nothing was heard above the engine noise but the occupants saw a flash as a gun was fired.
 "Give them a burst, Trevor." Stein nodded to a helmeted officer strapped in by the open door.
 "Right, sergeant," Trevor gazed down the sights of his automatic weapon equipped with night vision apparatus similar to the pilot's and squeezed the trigger.
 The result was spectacular. Above the roar of explosives and the twang of spent cartridges shooting up, a line of bullets slashed across the road a meter in front of the gunman who dived off the road and disappeared beneath the trees.
 "That was a warning!" Stein growled into the loudspeaker. "In thirty seconds your vehicles will be targeted. Abandon them and move to the centre of the road." He clicked off and grinned when he put on his own night glasses.
 Eight figures could be seen moving with their hands out wide into the middle of the road just as a second police helicopter arrived and hovered on the other side of the cars. Four men were lowered to the ground and took up offensive positions.
 It was over within minutes with the car occupants handcuffed and seated in a circle on the gravel. The radio crackled into life. "It's a bit narrow for the copter to land, sergeant," said a voice. "We'll use the prisoner's vehicles to drive out to the other check point."
 "Right," Stein replied. He grinned at Jane. "I'll be interested in seeing who we managed to net, Constable."
 "Perhaps there's Ryland's murderer as well as the art thieves," she said.
 "Possibly, but I wouldn't place a bet on it."
 *
At seven a.m. Lavina escorted a nervous Cathy back into Westerfield Trust Hospital.
 "Hello Cathy," the morning charge nurse said when she approached them. "You've been quite naughty, you know."
 "I'm sorry nurse." Cathy stood gazing at the floor. She resented being talked to like a child.
 "She got homesick," Lavina explained, "We tucked her in bed at home. I did call in to explain."
 "Have you eaten anything?" The nurse fixed Cathy with a frown. The girl shook her head and the nurse broke into a smile. "No harm's been done, then. With the ten o'clock operation, you can't have a full tummy. Come on Cathy, back to your room."
 *

CHAPTER 20
Dr Horstmann looked as if he could have been an athlete in his younger days. Tall and slim with a mop of grey hair, his manner was relaxed and almost casual in front of Lavina, Steve and a nurse.
 "The big day, Cathy." He smiled and winked at Lavina who felt as nervous as her daughter. "You can cut the bandage off, Nurse."
 The nurse used scissors to slice away the bandages to reveal Cathy's new foot. Lavina bent forward and gasped. The new toes were so realistic it was almost impossible to tell they were synthetic. It was only a raised scar line and the colouring that gave them away as they appeared tanned compared with Cathy's white natural toes.
 The doctor bent forward and spent several moments examining his work. "How does it feel, Cathy?" he asked as he poked and prodded various parts of her foot.
 "A little sore but nothing too bad."
 "Good, now I want you to sit on the chair and place your foot on that mat." He indicated a small blue rubber mat placed in front of a kitchen type chair.
 The nurse gave Cathy a hand and she was soon sitting and gazing fascinated at her complete foot.
 "Oh Cathy, it's as if you never lost any toes." Lavina said, "
 "I like the toe nails," Steve commented.
 "Yes," Doctor Horstmann replied. "We know young ladies like long toe nails. The advantage of these is that they'll never need to be clipped." He turned to Cathy. "Now, I want you to leave your big toe on the mat and raise your other toes up."
 Cathy pursed her lips and bent forward to see her own efforts. The two natural toes rose and the artificial ones followed with the smallest one shifting only slightly.
 "They all moved," Cathy gasped.
 "Good," the doctor continued. "Now do the same thing with your other foot."
 Cathy did so and her natural toes moved in almost exactly the same way as the artificial ones.
 "The small toe doesn't move a great deal but helps all movement," Doctor Horstmann explained to Lavina and Steve, "We have programmed in movements but may need to fine-tune them. Now Cathy, stand up."
 Cathy gritted her teeth and stood up, fumbled and without thinking, stuck her new left foot forward. Lavina watched in horror and expected Cathy to tumble. But she didn't. The five toes worked in unison to reach out, Cathy's heel came off the ground for a second before sinking back but she was still standing.
 "Now take three steps towards the door," the doctor said.
 Cathy did. Once again all the toes worked together. There was hardly a limp. "It feels as if I have a block of wood there," Cathy said.
 "That's to be expected," Doctor Horstmann replied. "Your body took a while getting used to having missing toes, now it has to get used to having them back again. It's like someone getting used to wearing contact lenses. After a while, you won't even notice. Now walk back."
 With more confidence, Cathy stepped out and walked back to the chair. There was a limp but nothing compared with the one she had before the operation.
 Lavina turned to Steve. "I reckon we'd better book the church soon," she said, smiling. "We promised to wait until Cathy could walk into the church without a limp before we got married."
 "Aye, an incentive." the doctor smiled. "It'll take a little while to lose the limp. That's all for now, Cathy. We don't want to overdo it the first time. You can go home in three days."
 Cathy's eyes glowed. "Can I doctor? I was told it'd be a week."
 The doctor just smiled. "Don't expect everything to be perfect straight away. You'll find your foot will feel tender for ten days or so and will become quite sore if you use it too much. Your leg muscles will also ache. I'll prescribe a painkiller for you." He turned to Steve. "Book your wedding for the end of next month, Steve. By then she'll be will be able to wear new shoes down the aisle without a limp." He winked at Cathy. "If she does her physiotherapy exercises, of course."
 He chatted a while, gave some instructions to the nurses, shook hands with Lavina and Steve and left Cathy lying on the bed with her new foot sticking out the end of the blankets so she could see it.
 She wriggled her toes and watched as they all performed together. "Funny isn't it, Mum? I never even thought of my toes before the amputation and now I think of hardly anything else."
 "And the time will come when you won't need to think of your toes again, sweetheart," Lavina replied.
 *
 Like many police actions, the round up at Upper Forks Road hauled in mainly local petty criminals well known by Stein and six charges of theft, assault and illegal use of a firearm were handed out. Two of the suspects, though, proved more interesting. After having their history checked, Petra Roberts and Laurie Ellis were both charged with theft of the Rubens painting with further charges pending. The woman seemed to be the one behind the deal but was going to be hard to crack. Stein was still certain an international organization was involved but the case was now being handled back in Auckland.
 "That was quite a haul out at the farm Pat but now I want you to concentrate on the Ryland murder," Inspector Harold Matthews said as he sat in his office. "What suspects do you have?"
 "Since the ransacking of Ryland's farm, I've added Petra Roberts to the list. She's as hard as they come and is quite capable of a revenge killing." Stein took out a small green notebook, licked a finger and flicked through a couple of pages. "Lavina Ryland may still have been associated with the killing but I've really eliminated her from the suspect list so that leaves Janice Ludlow, the mistress." He frowned. "There is one other lead I am following, too."
 "I want a final all out effort on this Pat. It's been a while now so someone may get careless. Have you had any other reports from the examination of the crash?"
 Stein looked up. "Our boys found a small section of the engine cowling about a hundred meters from the wreck. It must have been blown away by the initial explosion or when the Cessna clipped the rock on its way down. It's being examined for prints."
 "Good," the inspector muttered. "That could provide the evidence we need."
 *
 "Where are we going, Steve?" Lavina frowned as the jeep, recently returned from the panel beaters, wound up a hilly road.
 "Patience, my dear." Steve grinned.
 Lavina smiled. After a busy three weeks, it was a beautiful Saturday afternoon; Cathy had gone out with friends so only the two of them were travelling along the country road. The jeep had only suffered some minor denting with no structural or mechanical damage at all. They'd helped Janice clean up the farm house, an odd jobs man had been employed to repair the kicked in wall and two couches had to be replaced. By the time Barrie had been discharged from hospital, the house and outbuildings were almost back to normal.
 After crossing another hill the jeep arrived at a broad plateau with rich farmland all around. The road was now a straight strip of seal heading towards distant ranges towering up across the whole horizon.
 "Almost there." Steve smiled and slowed down at a small settlement. Four closed stores hugged a small grass square opposite an ancient hotel, also closed and a couple of other commercial buildings. Steve turned left at an intersection, past a handful of houses and a half demolished dairy factory. Three cars were parked at odd spots around but not a soul appeared. The village was like a ghost town, empty and alone.
 "What a sad little place," Lavina commented. "Why are we here?"
 Steve smiled and pulled to the curb in front of a massive hedge. "Come on." He grinned and led Lavina through a gate.
 Behind the trees stood a wooden school building. Except for the size, it was identical to the Upper Forks Road School. Four classrooms stood in front of a cracked tennis court covered in weeds. A dozen sheep grazed around what was once a lawn while, in the corner of the grounds a child's swing sat, like the rest of the village, rusting and unwanted.
 "This was once a district high school." Steve reached out and placed an arm around Lavina.
 She was even more mystified as he produced a set of keys and opened the old school's door. The interior was identical to Upper Forks Road before they'd upgraded it, with a long corridor and doors to the right leading into the classrooms. Even the sinks and pegs along the wooden wall were the same. If anything, though, this building was in poorer condition with faded blue paint peeling off the walls and one broken window replaced by a sheet of iron.
 "Like it?" Steve asked.
 "Not really."
 "I bought it," Steve confessed. "It's ours."
 "What!" Lavina gazed at his intense eyes. "Okay, what's the catch? Tell me."
 Steve led her through to the tiny staff room and offered her an old chair to sit in. "My ridiculously low tender for the place was accepted," he said. "It cost even less than Upper Forks Road. I've sold the land to a local farmer for just under the price of my original tender."
 "And this building?"
 "A moving contractor is shifting it up to Upper Forks Road next week. It will fit on the football field."
 "But it's massive. Twice as big as our school."
 "They'll cut it in two to transport it. Imagine how big our lodge will be if we make this into dormitories. It could hold fifty or more bunks and could be hired out to schools for outdoor education trips. In fact, I already have a booking in four months time."
 " Who?"
 "Emerson Heights Middle School has booked three weeks. They intend bringing out six classes to stay, one after the other. It has to be ready by then." Steve frowned for the first time. "I may have bitten off more than I can chew, Lavina," he admitted.
 His initial enthusiasm, though, was infectious. Lavina broke into a broad smile and held his hands. "I think it is a marvellous idea," she whispered and kissed him tenderly. "Why didn't you tell me?"
 Steve shrugged. "After my tender was accepted I wanted to surprise you."
 "Well … you certainly did." Lavina laughed. She walked back into the long corridor and gazed around with renewed interest. "It's like two Upper Fork's Road Schools joined end to end, isn't it?"
 "Yes, I was told the old Education Board used the same design for about twenty years. Similar blocks in the city were replaced years ago but there are several still in use in country districts."
 "You know," Lavina said as she walked in one of the classrooms and gazed at the dusty interior; "I'd leave the corridor in this time. Each classroom could be a dormitory with perhaps one converted into an ablutions block," she bubbled out. "Even the old pegs could stay for the kids to hang their raincoats on and..."
 "I knew you'd be keen." Steve laughed.
 Arm in arm the pair examined their new acquisition. "There were over a hundred pupils here fifty years back," Steve said. "Children from five to sixteen years old all attended the same school. They closed the high school part thirty years ago and the whole school only the year before last. It had eleven pupils at the time."
 "Just like Upper Forks Road," sighed Lavina. "Country districts everywhere are losing population. It's tragic, really."
 "But we'll bring life back to the old building, won't we?" Steve grinned.
 "We will,” said Lavina.
 She walked out into the sunshine and imagined the pupils dashing around, playing on the swings, chasing balls and having fun. But times had moved on. Now, only the sheep enjoyed the breathtaking scenery of rolling farmland with the ranges behind.
 "I love the country," she sighed and followed Steve back to the jeep.
 *
 The driver of the twenty-six wheeled Mack tractor unit with half a school on its back, took time to wave at the three teenage girls swinging on the gate of Upper Forks Road Lodge. He was a gigantic fellow with arms like tree trunks and a black beard that matched the singlet he wore over his tanned skin. Twin exhausts belched diesel fumes into the air as the man manoeuvred his vehicle through the gap in the fence and along to the existing building. His skill as he swung the building around was undeniable but the two adults further back had their attention focused on the girls, rather than the building.
 "My God, Steve!" Lavina gasped. "Look at Cathy."
 Cathy, Donna and Ellie had left the gate and were running across in front of the main building so they could have a better view of the new addition being manipulated into place.
 "Yes, two teenage girls attracted by a muscular man with a beard," Steve observed.
 Lavina turned and glared at Steve. "But what's she doing?"
 "Running across the lawn. Why?"
 "Last night she was moaning she couldn't walk across the living room without limping. Did you see her limping just now?"
 "Nope." Steve laughed and winked at his fiancée. "Aye, Cathy," he yelled out above the roar of the diesel motor and held up the yellow mobile phone he'd been given to look after a few moments earlier. "Call for you!"
 Cathy glanced up, waved an acknowledgement and came rushing up. "Who is it Steve?" she panted, as she stood in front of him in a white tank top and yellow shorts.
 "There's no phone call but do you know what you've just done?" Steve grinned.
 Cathy put her hands on her lips and glowered. "You tricked me. Anyhow, what have I done?"
"Ran around half the paddock without a single limp." Steve laughed. "Your mum and I are so proud."
 Cathy's frown dissipated in an instant. She glanced down at her blue and white sneakers, back at the two adults and turned bright red.
 "The young lady who couldn't get across the room last night without a limp," Lavina added.
 "Wow." Cathy broke into a smile. "I haven't run in months."
 "But you did today, sweetheart," Lavina replied. She glanced across to Steve. "We'd better ring the vicar and book the church tonight." 
*
An hour later the second half of the building arrived and by four in the afternoon the four extra classrooms were sitting on twenty to thirty gigantic jacks ready to be lowered on precast concrete foundations the construction workers were digging into place.
 The old district high school sat at right angles to the original building to form a long 'T' with the new addition extending out over the old football field.
 "It's gigantic and just about reaches the back fence," Cathy said to her mother. "When I saw the second part arrive I didn't think they'd have room to get it in."
 "And our new home class will be the first one to come here," Donna added. "Old Candy Bar said that since the school has free rental, Cathy's class could go first."
 Lavina frowned at Steve, "You never told me you offered it to the school for free."
Steve laughed. "Good public relations and advertising. I've already had two other schools that have booked and five others have asked for our brochure."
 "Brochure?" Lavina raised her eyebrows. "What brochure?"
 "Well, I thought you could whip one up on the computer. Perhaps we'd better get a web site, too."
*
Three hours later the sun was still blazing and everyone was sitting at the picnic table outside the farmhouse when a tiny orange car roared in and screeched to a stop.
 Barrie stood up. "It's Janice...finally," he grumbled. "She said she'd be in town for a couple of hours. That was at one o'clock."
 He limped over to meet the young woman who came rushing out of her car without even bothering to close the driver's door. "Did you hear the news?" she gasped as her eyes flashed.
 "What news?" Barrie said. Janice was so excited it was obvious something important had happened.
 "The police. They stopped my car on the way out of the mall and asked me to go to the police station with them." She seemed more excited than upset.
 "Go on," Lavina said as everyone gathered around to hear the news.
 "Shit I was scared," Janice continued and gave a tiny laugh when she saw everyone's questioning glances. "But they only wanted to ask me a few questions. I was just going to say I wanted to ring Simon Aikin when Inspector Stein told me the news."
 "For heaven's sake, Janice, what news!" Lavina almost yelled.
 "Grant Ryland's murder's been solved," Janice paused so her words would sink in. "They've arrested his first wife, Nancy Morrow!"
*

CHAPTER 21
After dropping Steve at work and Cathy at Donna's place for the day, Lavina had just returned to 23 Ashley Grove when Pat Stein and Jane Frankton arrived.
 "We've come to ask a favour, Mrs. Ryland," Pat began.
 "How can I possibly help you, sergeant?"
 "It's in relation to your late husband's first wife."
 "I guessed that," Lavina said. "Come in. I was about to have a cup of coffee. Would you two like one?"
 "Thank you," Stein said and Jane smiled.
 "We have the evidence to make a conviction, Lavina," Stein said a few moments later over coffee in the sitting room. "But there are a few loose ends."
 Jane came straight to the point. "We want you to visit Nancy Morrow in the remand prison."
 "But why?" Lavina asked. "We can hardly be called friends."
 "We need to find out why, after all this time, she decided to kill Grant Ryland. Our investigations showed she had nothing to do with your late husband for years."
 "You're sure she did it?"
 Stein nodded. "We still suspected Janice Ludlow and found a small section of the Cessna's engine cowling that we tested for prints. We found some...Morrow's. We can prove she touched the Cessna that weekend but still don't know why."
 "Investigations show her present husband is having an affair," Jane continued. "Our theory is Nancy Morrow blamed her first husband for everything going wrong in her life."
 "But wouldn't the sight of me who, after all, stole her husband make her antagonistic towards me?"
 "That's what we want to find out," Stein said. "We had an observer at your husband's funeral and she seemed to be quite friendly towards you at that time. It was Janice Ludlow who was antagonistic. That's one reason we originally suspected Miss Ludlow."
 "Yes she was." Lavina grinned. "But we're close friends now."
 "Nancy Morrow knows that. We want to see her reaction to your presence," Stein continued. "She's quite unstable at the moment so there's no way we can tell how she'll react."
 "If she's friendly we want you to mention your husband trying to kill you and your daughter by dropping you at De Wolfe's Plateau," Jane added. "Lay it on thick and try to sympathize with her. Can you do that?"
 "I guess," Lavina said. "I don't like acting like a spy, though."
 "That will be all you have to do," Pat said. "The room will be bugged and there is also a secret camera."
 Lavina frowned. "Isn't that illegal?"
 "If we used it as evidence in the trial, probably yes," Stein said. "But we don't intend to do that. We really want to know what track we should head down to find motivation for the crime. Her reaction to you could actually help her defence so her attorney has agreed to this meeting taking place."
 "Really?"
 "Yes. Her defence lawyers will try to prove diminished responsibility or insanity."
 Lavina sighed. 
"The poor woman." She glanced at the two detectives. "Okay, I'll do it...but only once. If she refuses to speak to me, or nothing unusual happens, that's it. Agreed?"
 "Agreed," Stein said. "We can take you out there this afternoon if you're free."
 Lavina nodded. "Yes. It's best to get it over with," she sighed and glanced up. "I should be pleased, shouldn't I?"
 "Why?" Jane asked.
 "No doubt you still had Janice and me on your suspect list. Some sort of grand conspiracy we hatched up together, I think you originally said, sergeant."
 "That was one of our theories but was discarded early in the investigation." He looked her straight in the eyes. "Your affair with Steve Garnet didn't help, you know."
 "No, I guess not but nobody's perfect." Lavina sighed and stood up. "Not that I regret it for a moment."
 Jane glanced at Lavina's engagement ring. "When's the big day?"
 "Next month on the sixteenth.”
 *
The Knightsbridge Woman's Remand Prison was in a wing of the main prison but separated by a high fence. Lavina was led through a sterile corridor into a small room furnished with a table and two chairs. A guard opened a second door and Nancy Morrow, looking drawn and insignificant, almost as Lavina remembered her years before, entered. She glanced up at the visitor but showed no sign of welcome as she pulled out the chair opposite and sat down.
 "Are you here to gloat or are you curious to find out what happened to Grant?" For the first time her eyes flicked up, pausing on Lavina's for a second before staring back at the tabletop.
 "Neither," Lavina said. Somehow, the woman unnerved her and her first impulse was to get the visit over as quickly as possible. "I just thought you'd like some company."
 Nancy sighed and glanced at Lavina again. "Why? You never cared about me before."
 Lavina shuffled in her chair and gazed back. "Okay, I made a mistake in coming, Nancy. Sorry to have annoyed you." She stood up and stepped towards the door on her side of the room. She only had to knock and it would be opened.
 "No, sit down, Lavina." Nancy Morrow said. "What do you want to know?"
 Lavina swallowed and decided she might as well be frank. "The police stated the evidence against you is based on your fingerprints being found on the Cessna engine cowling. Considering you haven't come near us for years, I was curious."
 "And I suppose you heard Blake has been having an affair?" Lavina nodded and the woman continued. "I found out it's been going on for years, another young woman half his age." She glanced up again but this time her tired eyes held Lavina's. "You know what it's like, of course. You've been through it with Janice Ludlow."
 "Our marriage was on the rocks well before then. I only stayed around for Cathy's sake."
 "Whatever," the other woman replied and lapsed into silence.
 Lavina coughed and decided a question might help. "I suppose Blake's infidelity made you think back to Grant," she prompted and waited for a reply.
 Nancy's reaction was instant and unexpected. Her face contorted into a cross between torment and anger. "My God, you're naive, Lavina."
 "Excuse me?" Lavina retorted with anger replacing the compassion she originally felt.
 Morrow examined the room but if a television camera was around, it was hidden. There were four pale blue walls, two doors, white lights in the ceiling and the three pieces of furniture. No guards were present. "Repeat what I tell you and I deny every word," she hissed.
 Lavina gave a shrug and pretence of apathy as her late husband's first wife began her story.
 *
At forty-five, Nancy felt as if life was passing her by with little achieved and now she had learned Blake was having an affair with a woman at his office. In many ways, Blake's personality was similar to Grant's, big on talk and ideas, but little in actual substance. He was the owner of a moderately successful consultation business but liked to live highly and his income barely covered their lifestyle. Whether it was this that motivated her, the need for excitement or just being tired of watching the years pass with little to show for it, the woman didn't really know. Probably, it was the opportunity thrust upon her through an acquaintance in Europe and the offer of big money with no questions asked.
 Grant was constructing a new fence along the farm's road frontage when Nancy drove up in her Mercedes, pulled to the roadside and walked across to the tractor her ex-husband was using to drill the postholes.
 "Hello Grant," she said.
 The farmer stretched up from the post he had just lowered into the ground and wiped a dirty handkerchief over a sweaty brow. "Nancy," he replied with a slight smile. "Long time, no see. What brings you to Upper Forks Road?"
 "Business," Nancy replied. "Do you still fly the old Cessna?"
 "Yes," Grant replied. He reached up to the tractor and flicked the cut out switch. The diesel motor gave a couple more chugs before silence replaced its deep rumble. "I was about to stop for a cuppa. Like a bit of tea?" he added and nodded to a thermos sitting in the tool tray.
 "No thanks, but you go ahead. I'm in no hurry."
 Grant shrugged, unscrewed the top of the thermos and poured some hot dark liquid into the metal top that served as a mug. He pulled the lid off a plastic container, extracted two chocolate biscuits and handed Nancy one. "Lavina still looks after me," he said.
 "Yes, I guess. Not costing you too much, I hope."
 Grant glared. "Okay, you have my attention, Nancy," he said. "What are you really here for?"
 "I want a package flown down from Auckland and stored on the farm for a few months …"
 *
"So you organized the art theft?" Lavina gasped after Nancy finished her account of how she'd used Grant to fly the Rubens to the farm.
 "Why not?" the woman growled.
 "No reason," Lavina said. "What went wrong?"
 "The bastard got greedy," Nancy spat, her voice now ringing with emotion. "When I went to check on how everything had gone he refused to show me the painting and demanded twice the money I'd originally offered. I had some friends search the place one day when you were both away but we never found it."
 Lavina frowned and decided to risk adding her own information. After all, the real Rubens was back in secure hands. "It was in the wine cellar under the implement shed," she said. "Didn't you look there?"
 "What?" Nancy gasped. "The crafty old bugger."
"Surely you knew about the wine cellar?"
 "Yes, but in my day you entered it through a trapdoor in the house's main hallway. When we searched under the trap door, there was only a solid concrete slab underneath. We even tried to dig around it but the original stairway had totally collapsed and just filled with soil."
 Lavina suppressed a grin. "Grant must have made the new entrance and sealed off the old one when we did the extensions to the implement shed a few years back," she suggested." She frowned again. "So you were responsible for the recent wrecking of the house?"
 "Only indirectly," Nancy replied. "My business associates in Auckland were applying the pressure to get the painting back and I had to confess Grant had been killed without telling anyone where it was.”
 "We found it," Lavina said who once again decided to be proactive. "Janice knew about the wine cellar."
 "Oh shit!” Nancy stared at Lavina. "I don't think you want to hear the next bit.”
 “Why not?”
 *
"The painting is secure," Grant grumbled to an extremely irate Nancy. They were in the living room on the following Thursday, Lavina's day in town. "I found out it is worth millions so all I want, my dear ex-wife, is a little more compensation for looking after it for you."
 "How much?"
 "The same again," Grant said. "Forty thousand and it'll be delivered to any place you wish in the country."
 "You bastard!"
 "Lavina is getting quite expensive tastes, you know," Ryland said with a smirk. "Not to mention my new little friend."
 "Who obviously needs things you can't offer." Nancy's cold eyes glared into Grant's. She gave a sarcastic grin at his wrinkled eyebrows. "Your dear little wife isn't as innocent a you might think, Grant," she laughed.
 "What do you mean?" His voice turned hard.
 "Oh nothing." Nancy leaned back on the couch and acted innocent. "Well, I guess she's only doing what you do, liberal marriages and all that."
 "Explain!" Grant gritted his teeth. She could see his temper coming to the fore.
 "Why should I? The way you treat women I can hardly blame her."
 Grant stood took a step towards her and clenched a fist. His scowl darkened and Nancy knew his suppressed anger was about to explode. For a moment, fear ran through her and memories of distant beatings flooded into her mind. The man was violent she knew that. She was about to retreat when Ryland lashed out, caught her on the side of the face with an open slap and sent her reeling across the floor to land on scraped knees. Before she could recover, he stepped over and grabbed her by the hair, yanked her up to a crouching position and seized her throat.
 "You'd better be lying, you bitch," he whispered with his face so close to hers she could smell the alcohol on his breath.
 The hand began to tighten and Nancy could not even choke. Vision blurred but just before unconsciousness provided relief the pressure slackened. "Who is it?" he snarled.
 Nancy choked. Tears ran down her cheeks and she spluttered and gasped as her lungs refilled with air. "Steve Garnet. He's the one who's doing up the old school. She stays overnight with him every Thursday." She suppressed a smirk. "They could be together, right now."
 Grant flung her aside like a rag doll and stood up. His jaw twitched in anger and his massive hands contracted into clenched fists. For a second she though he was going to punch out at her but the man's anger was directed elsewhere.
 "Nobody is unfaithful to me," he whispered and hardly noticed as Nancy crawled back out of his way, wiped a shaking hand over her bruised neck and staggered to her feet. "I'll give you a week to think about my offer." His eyes bore into her beneath terrifying brows. "You bloody women are all the same." He took a step towards the cowering visitor but hesitated. A dark smile cracked over his lips. "Just go!" he muttered. "I'll deal with my wife and her fancy man."
*
 "That was when I decided to kill him," Nancy whispered with her voice so low her visitor hardly heard. "I actually felt sorry for you."
 "Thanks," muttered a pale Lavina. "So you told him about me and felt sorry for me all in the course of a couple of minutes."
 "I was annoyed," Nancy retorted. "I knew he was the only one who piloted the Cessna and decided what to do." She grimaced. "I used to help him with the basic maintenance years back so knew a bit about how the mechanics worked. Unfortunately, by the time I arrived the following Saturday afternoon the Cessna had gone. I didn't think it was prudent to hang around, even though I used a rental car that wouldn't be recognized by the locals. So I returned late on Sunday night. The place was in darkness and within fifteen minutes I'd loosened the fuel pipe." She sucked on her lips. “My plan worked perfectly…" She glanced up. "Well almost."
 "Oh my God!" Lavina gasped. "So you were responsible for everything?"
 "Yes," Nancy smiled but her eyes still appeared cold, "That mousy little woman who wouldn't harm a fly. I did you a favour, didn't I? The chances are the bastard would have killed you when you walked out of the bush if he'd been alive."
 Lavina just stared, her face ashen. "There were other ways," she whispered.
 "Sure," Nancy Morrow replied. "They think I'm crazy, you know. The shrinks are testing me for every syndrome in the book, battered wife's syndrome, lapsed memory syndrome and so forth. I just go along with them all.  It doesn't matter any more."
 "But why?"
 Suddenly Nancy's face cracked and her eyes brimmed with tears. "I thought Blake was everything I could ask for," she replied. "When I found out he was no better than Grant I planned the Rubens theft. I was about to just walk out of the country to live happily ever after. Grant stopped that so he had to go."
 "And Blake?"
 "Oh, he was next on my list together with the tart he's bedding," Nancy grunted. "Perhaps the shrinks are right and I am insane." She laughed. "Of course, an insane person never thinks they are, do they?"
 Lavina stood and just gazed at the woman. "I'd better go,” she said and headed for the door.
 *
In the warden's office, Pat Stein glared at Lavina. "Do you know what happened?"
 "What?"
 "Morrow found the microphone beneath the table. She unscrewed and dismantled it. We have vision but nothing beyond the first couple of minutes of your conversation."
 Lavina broke into a smile. "Well, you'll just have to learn to lip-read won't you, sergeant," she replied. "I'd like to have a lift home now, if you please."
 "Okay, but we'll need a statement later. Jane will give you a lift home."
 After Lavina walked out, he turned to the austere woman who had sat silently in the room. "A complicated woman, warden," he said. "The idea of having a fake microphone that Morrow would find worked perfectly."
 "You're a devious man, Sergeant Stein," the woman replied. "It was an interesting confession of Morrow's, though, wasn't it?"
 "Yes," muttered the detective. "I doubt if it will be permitted as court evidence, though." He stood and reached out his hand. "There's still plenty to do to tie this case up, I am afraid. My niggling doubt that Janice Ludlow or Lavina Ryland were involved can be laid to rest once and for all, though." 
 *
Lavina walked out and found the jeep waiting for her. "Looks like Steve's here to give me a ride." She smiled at Jane. "Thanks for the offer."
 Jane Frankton nodded, gave Lavina a squeeze on the arm and retreated inside.
 "How did it go, Mum?" Cathy's voice floated out from the back seat of the jeep.
 "Interesting," Lavina replied, hugged Steve again and kissed him with a passion that still surprised him at times.
 "What was that for?" He laughed and winked over her shoulder at Cathy's smile.
 "For being right," she whispered.
 "You mean there was a double, double cross."
 "You could say that," Lavina said, climbing into the jeep. "The silly thing is, I'm pretty sure Nancy Morrow knew, too but it never stopped her talking." She gave a chortle. "Pat Stein had the whole thing televised and recorded but pretended the sound had been lost throughout the whole interview."
 "Why?" Steve asked.
 "I guess he thinks I'm thick."
 Steve grinned as he backed out of the park and drove towards the highway. He found Cathy's eyes in the mirror and smiled. "Do you think your mother's thick, Cathy?"
 "Yeah, around the middle. You should have seen her trying to get into last year's shorts the other day."
 Lavina turned and shook a finger at her daughter. "Weren't you asking me at lunch time for some money so you could go to the movies?" she said without even a glimpse of a smile.
 "Perhaps you're pregnant, Mum," Cathy flashed back. '"That would be okay, then."
 "Cathy!" Lavina snorted but her eyes caught Steve's grin. "My God, the cheek. If I'd said that when I was her age I would have been grounded for a month."
 "Yeah," Cathy retorted. "Grandma's always been long in the tooth. Not like you."
 "Thanks." Lavina smiled. "I'll take that as a compliment. Perhaps I might give you money for the movies after all."
 Steve loved the banter between mother and daughter and grinned again at the girl in the rear seat.
 "You getting fat, too Steve," Cathy looked directly at his mirror image and shook her pony tail, "I'd like to see you get into last year's shorts."
 "It's all the good food you and your mum cook for me." Steve laughed as that warm feeling of being loved surged through his body. He changed up a gear and headed home for 23 Ashley Grove. 
*

CHAPTER 22
With the wedding drawing closer, Steve felt somewhat superfluous. There was not one but two women in his household being measured and fitted with new dresses which he was not allowed to see so he stoically let them get on with it and continued down at Oversee SoftCom with his computer work. There was a contract that had to be completed so it was close to eleven in the evening when he arrived home to find a weary looking Lavina vacuuming scraps of material, threads and fluff off the carpet.
 Lavina smiled at Steve and gave him a welcoming kiss. "Cathy had a headache and went off to bed, and the dress designer just left. You should see Cathy's dress. It makes her look so mature…"
 "Oh, I'm sure I will," Steve laughed. "What about yours?"
 "Finished but you aren't seeing it until the wedding." Lavina grinned. "Only ten days, my love."
 The excitement in the house was infectious and Steve had to admit he was more nervous than he'd ever remembered. Steve grabbed the vacuum cleaner from Lavina, finished the room and turned it off.
 "Now," he said with a smile. "Let's have some supper."
 *
Something woke Steve. He heard Lavina's faint breathing and stared through the blackness with ears tuned in. Yes, there it was, a faint whimpering. He slid out of the blankets and moved silently out, shut the bedroom door behind and turned on the landing light. Everything was now silent so perhaps it was just a dream. He shrugged and was about to return to bed but decided to check on Cathy downstairs. With the ground floor corridor light on he pushed her door open and gazed inside.
 Cathy was lying on the floor and something was terribly wrong. Steve snapped on the bedroom light. The girl was lying on the carpet. Her body jerked and her ghost white face was covered in perspiration. The eyes were open but rolled back under the eyelids. Worse still was her left foot. Around the implant, the skin was bloated and purple with the lower leg swollen like a balloon almost twice it's normal size.
 "Lavina!" Steve screamed, took two steps, picked the teenager up and was carrying her out of the room when his partner appeared, sleepy eyed at the top of the stairs.
 "Something's wrong with Cathy. It's serious. Phone the emergency number. I'll get her to the car and we'll head for the hospital."
 Lavina ran down the stairs and gasped in horror at the sight of her daughter's head lulled back and the gigantic purple leg. "Oh my God, Steve!"
 After pausing only to grab jackets for them both and the mobile phone, Lavina was in her car with Steve seated beside her cuddling Cathy. While she drove, he punched in the emergency number and spoke in clipped sentences to the calm voice at the other end.
 "We're to drive to the public hospital," he said. "They'll be contacting Doctor Horstmann and will be waiting for us at the emergency entrance."
*
Lavina accelerated through the empty city streets onto the motorway and put her foot down. The car was up to one hundred and forty kilometres an hour by the time the off ramp to the hospital appeared. With a skilful move she decelerated, cut across an inside lane and cut into the suburban streets again. Another four blocks blurred by before the floodlit emergency entrance of the hospital appeared. In a scream of brakes, she turned into the side driveway for ambulances only and stopped in a covered parking area.
 Once again, everything happened in seconds. Steve opened his door and not caring that he was still only in pyjamas, carried the shivering, moaning semiconscious girl out.
 "Over here, sir," a quiet voice called.
 Steve's desperate eyes caught those of a man in green fatigues behind a trolley. He lowered Cathy down on the bed placed a kiss on her quivering blue lips and stood up. He didn't realize but tears were streaming down his face. "Her leg, doctor."
 "She'll be in safe hands now, Mr. Garnet," the doctor said as a nurse strapped oxygen on Cathy's face and another assembled a bag of plasma above her.
 Steve nodded and felt Lavina touch his arm and hold his coat out for him. He slipped it on, gave her a brief hug and the pair followed the stretcher party through the myriad of corridors and into an emergency operating room. Other people were there helping. A soft arm guided Steve to a seat and he found a sobbing Lavina clutching at him.
 All went silent. They were outside a double glass- topped doorway with Room 5 printed in red letters above it. Three nurses or doctors dressed in fatigues, masks, gloves and other paraphernalia rushed by and the pair were alone.
 "Oh Steve." Lavina stared up at him with her eyes moist and lips trembling. "What happened?"
 “I don't know. I honestly don't know.”
 The double door opened and a nurse appeared. "Mrs. Ryland?"
 "What's wrong with Cathy?" the distraught woman replied.
 "There was a massive rejection of the implant, Lavina," the nurse said in a calm voice. "Her condition needs to be stabilized and the implant removed." She grimaced. "Doctor Horstmann is in the operating room and so is Doctor Huxley, one of our foremost specialists in blood poisoning."
 "Blood poisoning!" Lavina stuttered as tears poured down her cheeks. "That can be fatal, can't it?"
 "It can be," the nurse said. "But with your forethought to bring her straight in we still have time to save her. The two surgeons are very qualified in their field."
 "How long will it be before we know how Cathy is?" Steve asked.
 "The next hour is crucial. I'd like to be more helpful but can't tell you any more at the moment." The nurse gave an empathetic smile. "We do have an observation room that's usually used for trainee doctors and students. If you'd like to see the operation taking place…"
 "Yes, please," Lavina whispered and Steve felt her hand squeeze his as they followed the nurse up a small set of stairs to a long narrow observation deck.
 Below, through soundproof glass, seven or eight gowned figures bent over the patient. Tubes and electronic devices were everywhere and four television monitors flashed out graphs and readings. A buzzer sounded and the nurse answered a small electronic beeper.
 "I'll ask," she said to the indecipherable incoming voice and glanced at Lavina and Steve.
 "We need blood," she said. "Are either of you A Positive?"
 "Cathy and I are the same blood type," Lavina replied. "We went to the blood bank several times together."
 "Good," replied the nurse. "Are you prepared to donate blood?"
"Of course." Lavina kissed Steve and followed the nurse out the door. Alone, Steve stared at the scene below. His eyes were dry but he could feel his whole body trembling. He switched his eyes and realized two operations were really in progress. A surgeon, probably Doctor Horstmann was bending over Cathy's leg while another group of practitioners were bending over her chest. An anaesthetist stood at the end and held a mask over the girl's face while several nurses monitored the flashing screens.
 A clock on the wall moved onwards in silence but Steve could see little change in the room beneath. He heard a cough and Lavina appeared
 "I was talking to one of the doctors," she whispered. "Cathy's artificial toes are removed and her foot is stitched. The doctors said they're almost certain they got to her in time but still more of her blood is being replaced." 
 "Just sit down, Lavina," a nurse Steve had not noticed said. "We'll get you a cup of tea to sip." She glanced up at Steve. "Would you like one too, Mr. Garnet?"
 "Yes, thank you." Steve smiled and reached out for Lavina's hand as she burst into tears.
 "If you hadn't heard her …" she sobbed. "By now it might have been too late."
 "You would have awoken," Steve replied. "I know that for certain."
 They sipped the tea and waited another forty minutes before the nurse reappeared and asked them to return to the waiting room where the surgeons wished to speak to them. One was Doctor Horstmann whose expression was unreadable. He reached out and shook Lavina's hand and a thin smile punctured his lips. 
"Cathy is safe," he said quietly. "I must apologize for this and can offer no excuse. Cathy appeared to have made excellent progress but I guess this reaction was caused when I cut down on her drugs last week. It was completely unexpected but I know that is of little consolation to you both." He turned and introduced Doctor Gerard Huxley, a thin man of middle age and searching brown eyes.
 "Cathy will remain sedated for most of the day but is out of trouble," Huxley said. "Why don't you go home and return in the early afternoon?"
 "Can we see her, Doctor?" Steve asked.
 "Of course." Huxley nodded to a nurse standing beside him. "You should already notice a difference in her complexion."
 They were lead to a recovery room and Lavina immediately burst into tears... but these were of relief not despair. Cathy lay sleeping with a breathing tube attached to her nose and a bag of plasma still attached to her arm. Her face was almost back to normal with slightly flushed cheeks and rose lips. Her eyelids remained closed and her chest beat in a steady rhythm. A box like structure covered her left foot but the top of a bandage could be seen there.
 "Oh Steve." Lavina sobbed as an equally tormented Steve attempted to comfort her.
 They heard a slight cough and turned to see Doctor Horstmann standing behind them. "I've just been in contact with Westerfield Trust Hospital, and they're prepared to waive all fees if you'd like Cathy to have more artificial toes fitted."
 "And go through this again?" Lavina snapped.
 'No. I refer to ordinary artificial toes, not an implant. I'm prepared to waive all my fees as well."
 "We need time to discuss everything," Steve said. "Our present concern is Cathy's health. The toes are of less importance at the moment."
 "Of course." Horstmann gave Lavina a slight squeeze on the shoulder and departed.
 "He's just bloody scared we'll sue him and the Westerfield Hospital in a malpractice suit," Lavina retorted.
 "No, I don't think so," Steve said in a gentle voice. "I'm sure that was a genuine offer; a little like Miss Cameron's at Emerson Middle School."
 Lavina glanced at him, blinked and walked over to the bed. "Of course it is," she sniffed. "I'm sorry. It all happened so quickly I had to blame someone." She bent down and kissed her daughter. "I guess we'd better go home and get dressed. We're still in pyjamas, you know."
 "I guess we are." Steve grinned. "But don't worry. Everyone will just think we're patients."
 Together, arm in arm, they walked out into the morning sunshine. Steve glanced at his watch. It was almost ten a.m., more than seven hours since their arrival.
 *
 After lapsing back and forth into semi-consciousness, Cathy woke late in the evening of the third day and stared around the room. She knew where she was and had recollections of the doctors and nurses talking to her and explaining what had happened.
 Her mother was slumped; sound asleep in a chair by the drawn window curtains. All was quiet and the place smelled of disinfectant and flowers.
 She glanced around and saw three large bowls of flowers poking up behind at least a dozen cards. Her bedroom television was sitting on the cabinet at the end of the bed and the yellow mobile phone sat next to a jug of orange juice.
 Janice walked in. "Hi, Cathy," she said quietly as she reached down to hug the girl. "Your mum and Steve have hardly left your bedside. How are you feeling?"
 "Numb inside," Cathy confessed. Her eyes were wide and quizzical. "I've ruined Mum's wedding plans, haven't I?"
 Janice placed a small gift she had in her hand on the cabinet, sat on the bed and took Cathy's hands in hers. "No, of course you haven't."
 "But I won't be able to stand properly, let alone walk without limp. I'm just one great liability." She pouted and sniffed back a tear. "Why don't you do it?"
 "Do what?"
 "Be bridesmaid at their wedding."
 Janice smiled. "Don't be silly, Cathy. Your mum wouldn't want anyone but you. She's even talking of postponing the wedding until you're better."
 "She can't," Cathy snapped. "It's not fair to Steve."
 "Then you'd better get up and about, hadn't you?" Janice flashed a small smile. "It's on Saturday and today is Tuesday."
 "Oh hell! I didn't realize."
 Janice gazed into her eyes again. "I'm being mean, actually," she said. "I came to ask a favour."
 "Of me?"
 A blush came to Janice's cheeks. "I need a bridesmaid, too and thought you might like the job." She brought her left hand into sight to show a diamond engagement ring. "Barrie and I are tying the knot in about three months."
 Cathy just stared at her friend, then the ring. "You're just feeling sorry for me," she whispered.
 "No she isn't, sweetheart," Lavina interrupted. "Janice mentioned it to me well before you were rushed back to hospital."
 "Mum!" Cathy gasped and burst into tears. ''I don't want you to put off your wedding."
 "I won't, because you're going to be there with us."
 Suddenly she, too, was in tears hugging her so hard Cathy could hardly breathe.
 "And my offer?" Janice interrupted.
 Cathy's eyes lit up. "If you want me stumbling around your wedding, Janice, I'd love to.”
 "Good. But I have a feeling you won't even be stumbling at your mum's wedding, let alone mine."
 *
Late that evening Steve woke and realized he was alone. He slipped out of bed, made his way downstairs and headed for Cathy's room. He peered in the darkened room and could hear her sleeping peacefully. It was her first night home and everyone had retired late. Steve glanced at his watch. Two fifteen, but where was Lavina?
 He walked into the living room and saw a small slither of light from Lavina's sewing room. Steve tip toed across and pushed the door open. His fiancée was sitting in front of her sewing machine with her head down and the machine whirling away. Cathy's bridesmaid's frock was spread out beneath it.
 "What are you doing, my dear?"
 Lavina jerked in fright and glanced up. Her eyes were damp with tears. "Helping Cathy," she sniffed.
 "In the middle of the night?" He crouched down and put his arms around Lavina. "Surely nothing is that urgent."
 "Oh Steve, when I see Cathy's foot in that massive bandage with her toes gone it just breaks my heart. She was so looking forward to being our bridesmaid."
 "She still can be.” Steve kissed Lavina softly on the neck and kept his arms around her. "You're so cold I can feel you shivering."
 Lavina leaned back into him and sobbed quietly. "We had her frock just above the ankles in length. I thought I'd lower the hem so her bandaged foot would be covered." She swished a strand of hair from her eyes and smiled.
 "I see."
 "I'm being stupid, aren't I?"
 "Of course not. But a few hours won't matter. Come back up to bed. You'll need Cathy to have it on to get the length correct, anyhow."
 Lavina shuddered. "Oh Steve, we almost lost her and this was the second time."
 “But we didn't, Lavina. Come and look. I've never seen anyone looking so peaceful."
 He reached across, turned the sewing machine off and led the woman he loved to Cathy's room. Satisfied that she was well and sound asleep, they continued to their room upstairs.
 Nothing was spoken, but the passion and love between them was spontaneous and powerful. Finally, still cuddled in her partner's powerful arms, Lavina fell into a sleep as peaceful as her daughter's. Steve stroked her soft hair and reflected on the events of the last few days and how important Cathy had become to him. He kissed Lavina and fell into a warm fuzzy sleep of security and love.
 *
 Saint David's Combined Church on Lower Forks Road sat behind a drive of gigantic oak trees early settlers had planted more than a hundred years before. On this warm Saturday morning it was crowded with wedding guests, a nervous groom and an even more nervous bridesmaid.
 Noel Capra, Steve's best man, gave him a poke and leaned across to whisper in his ear. "How did she do it, Steve?" He nodded across the aisle to where Cathy was standing majestically in a full-length blue gown that flowed to the floor. Her blonde hair was brushed out over her shoulders and with the light make up she looked at least sixteen.
 "Sheer grit and determination," Steve replied. He caught Cathy's eyes and her nervous grin broke into a smile. She lifted her gown just a couple of centimetres to show a large woollen sock on her left foot.
 "I'll bet you ten bucks that when Cathy walks out she won't limp," Steve said.
 Noel grinned. "You're on," he whispered. "But this is one bet I hope I lose."
 The Reverend Jason Moore caught Steve's eye and nodded at the lady behind the electronic organ. "Music, please," he said. "The bride has arrived."
 Steve turned as Lavina, escorted by an old family friend to give her away, stepped into the aisle. Like her daughter's dress, her pale apricot coloured gown also reached the floor. Steve beamed a proud smile at the woman he loved and watched as the vision of loveliness walked towards him. In a moment she was beside him with soft fingers clasped in his.
 *
"And now, by the power vested in me, I pronounce you man and wife. You may now kiss your bride."
 Steve and Lavina embraced, sharing their first kiss as husband and wife. With Lavina's hand still in his, Steve stepped across the aisle and swept Cathy in a big bear hug so his arms were around them both, plastered a big kiss on his step daughter's cheek and slipped a piece of paper into her hand.
 Cathy unfolded a legal looking document. "What's this?"
 Lavina grinned. "A court order. Steve has legally adopted you."
 "You can now be Cathy Garnet," Steve added. "But only if that's what you want." He coughed and flushed.
 "I'd like that, Dad," she whispered as two elongated tears rolled down her cheeks. "More than anything in the world."
 She reached up and hugged the man who was now her legal father. Steve nodded to Reverend Moore who then stated, "There is one small addition to this wedding ceremony. I wish to announce that Steve has officially adopted Cathy who shall henceforth be known as Cathy Garnet."
 Lead by Noel, the congregation broke into loud applause and several people, including Janice, Barrie and Noel's wife, Geraldine, stepped forward to hug and congratulate the family.
 "I love you, Mum and Dad," Cathy whispered after the excitement died down.
*
By the time the wedding party had reached the oak trees outside, Noel already had the ten-dollar bill in Steve's hand. "I've never seen such a determined and proud girl," he whispered. "She never faltered once.”
 Cathy, who had been eavesdropping, turned to him. "It's all in the balance, Noel,” she said, winking.
 "And hours of practice," Lavina added proudly.
*

CHAPTER 23
Janice, the manager of Upper Forks Road Lodge, guided the Emerson Heights Middle School girls through the cave on the farm.
 The Outdoor Education Week at the Lodge was into its third day and was a huge success with the thirty pupils, teachers and parent supporters easily fitting into the accommodation capable of holding fifty.
 The new block had three renovated classrooms set as dormitories with white iron beds arranged in rows along the walls. A small town hospital had closed down and Steve had purchased beds for next to nothing. The only alterations needed were the replacement of wheels with rubber stoppers.
 The biggest expense in the refurbishment was converting one classroom into an ablutions block and installing fire safety equipment so the health and safety regulations could be passed. Much of the interior painting was still to be completed but everything was fully functional.
 Steve and Lavina had driven up to see how the camp was going and strolled through the grounds.
 The lodge looked perfect with close cut lawns, trimmed hedges, a new flower garden that was the result of Janice's effort and the swimming pool glistening in the sunshine. Towels, togs, shoes and other clothing seemed to be lying everywhere and the half a dozen girls who weren't participating in the cave walk were busy doing chores.
 Part of the value of this school outing was that the pupils had to look after themselves, prepare and cook their own meals, wash their clothes, make beds, and whatever else needed tending.
 The pair continued their inspection and were about to leave when the first girls from the cave appeared. They were wet and covered in mud but with looks of happiness and achievement written all over their faces.
 "Not bad for city girls used to having everything provided for them," Steve commented as the first group dashed into the building to appear again, mere minutes later in their swim togs. The pool was soon filled with screams of delight as bodies plunged into the cool water.
 "Hi Mum, Dad." Cathy ran straight up when she saw them. "The cave walk was fantastic. I went all the way through. Dad or Barrie need to go in with a chainsaw to cut some of the logs away, though."
 "How was your foot?" Lavina asked
 "Fine. I wore my special sneakers. They work well."
 "Yeah. She left us behind in places," Donna added as she took her sun hat off and wiped the perspiration from her brow. "It's a long way. I'm stiff as hell."
 Cathy grinned at her parents. "Miss Harrison said I had to tell you you're invited to have tea with us. We're cooking it all ourselves!"
 "We'd love to stay," Lavina said.
 "Great!" Cathy swished back her hair and ran across the lawn with her friends. Just before disappearing inside she turned, smiled and waved back at the two adults.
 Lavina tucked her arm in Steve's and the pair walked more sedately towards Room 1 of the former Upper Forks Road School that was the kitchen and dining area. Upper Forks Road Lodge was now in full operation.
*
Summer drifted into autumn. By now, several schools had visited the lodge on a regular basis. During the week the grounds were filled with screaming excited children or teenagers while groups of vacationers filled the lodge on many weekends.
 It became a routine for Steve and Lavina to help Janice and Barrie clean up between visitors with often a frantic rush between the time the school parties left at noon on Friday until the weekend groups rolled in just after four p.m.
 It was three on Friday and Lavina had just hung up the telephone after arranging for Cathy to stay with Ellie until they arrived back in town. She and Janice strolled out into the backfield where Steve and Barrie had spent three hours digging various ditches around to try to find a problem with the septic tank. Finally they found the overflow outlet was blocked.
 "We need more disposal units." Steve grunted as he stood up all sweaty and covered in dirt from a massive hole he'd dug. "Sanitary pads blocked the pipe."
 "That's because the pupils from Cathy's school were using the male facilities as well as their own," Lavina said.
Steve grinned. "The place has been amazingly well looked after. The schools leave everything really clean; they're better than the weekend groups. Anyhow, I'll go and have a shower and we can head home." A moment later he and Barrie headed indoors.
 "How about a cup of coffee before Steve and I head back, Janice?" Lavina said.
 Janice nodded and gazed out over the valley before turning back to Lavina. "I have a small problem with our wedding," she whispered with a shrug. "Barrie said not to worry about it, but …" She glanced away.
 "What is it? I thought everything was set? Is Barrie getting cold feet?"
 "No, nothing like that" Janice smiled. "He's more excited than I am."
 "What, then?"
 "I'm being old fashioned and silly, I guess but I'd like my father to attend and give me away."
 "Well, ask him."
 "I tried. Barrie did, too but whenever we spoke to him on the telephone he'd snap something like 'I don't have a daughter any more' and slam the receiver down."
 Lavina frowned. "I'm sorry, Janice. But perhaps Barrie's right and you should just go ahead without him."
 "I guess." Janice sounded unconvinced. "But I think it's just his stupid old pride. He's utterly alone and very lonely. I want him to be in my life again as part of the family."
 "What say we go and visit him, just you and me," Lavina suggested. "A face to face approach is often better than trying to speak on the telephone."
 "You'll do that?"
 "Sure." Lavina smiled and winked. "That's what you wanted all along, wasn't it?"
 "My God, you can read me like a book." Janice laughed.
*
Richard Ludlow's farm was well kept with a modest house perched on a small hill. A gravel drive circled up to it. As they approached her father's property, Janice began to tremble.
 "He's home. Otherwise the Land Rover would be out. Dad hardly uses the car any more. It just sits in the garage gathering dust."
 Lavina gave Janice an affectionate squeeze. "Come on. Let's go."
 Janice swallowed and led Lavina around the side of the building where a dog immediately began yelping. "Sam!" Janice called and walked over to the black farm dog chained to a kennel. "You remember me, don't you?"
 The dog stopped yelping and ran up with its tail wagging in recognition. Large brown eyes stared up at Janice while she crouched down and patted him behind the ears.
 "What's all the row?" a male voice yelled.
 Lavina glanced up and saw a well-built, bronzed man in his late fifties appear around the corner. He was dressed in a bush shirt, shorts, woollen socks and the inevitable solid work boots. The man stopped and his eyes swept across at the two women.
 "Hi Dad." Janice stood up and straightened her skirt. "This is Lavina Garnet, our landlady and my best friend."
 Richard Ludlow gave a slow nod and ran a calloused hand over his grey stubble. He hesitated as if he was contemplating what to do, before holding out his hand. "The former Lavina Ryland from Upper Forks Road, I believe."
 Lavina returned the firm handshake and nodded. "That's correct Mr. Ludlow. I was remarried recently."
 "I heard," Ludlow muttered and turned his eyes away from the pair. "I guess I know why you're both here. You'd better come in."
 He led them into the kitchen. Opposite the entrance was a massive fireplace made of ornamental black bricks. The mantelpiece above was covered in photographs, mostly older black and white ones in small frames.
 Lavina walked across and glanced at them. As well as the usual family photos of Richard and a smiling woman were photos of Janice. There was Janice as a child, standing by a dog, as a teenager on a horse, in high school uniform, as a young woman and even a relatively new coloured portrait of Janice as an adult.
 "Your family, Mr. Ludlow?" she asked quietly.
 The man coughed. "Call me Richard," he muttered and turned to the sink. "I was about to have a cup of tea. Can I offer you one?"
 "Yes, thank you Richard." Lavina replied. She noticed that the man had hardly said a word to his daughter nor even looked at her. The atmosphere was contrived and tense. The man's words were cordial but forced.
 She sat at the massive round oak table and glanced at Janice. Her friend was pale and biting on her bottom lip with eyes that darted around the room like a caged animal ready to escape at the slightest pretence.
 Lavina decided it was up to her. "Your daughter is getting married in a month and would like you to give her away," she said in a clear voice.
 The man stared at her. Once again, he ignored Janice and bore his gaze into Lavina. "Daughter, Mrs. Garnet? I have no daughter."
 Janice's quivering lip dropped lower. She stared at her father and tears began to run down her flushed cheeks and onto her dress. Without saying a word, she stood, squeezed Lavina's shoulder and walked out the door.
 Lavina didn't move. Anger rose in her throat but she controlled it. She brought the cup of tea to her lips and sipped the hot liquid.
 "You are a deeply religious man, I've been told," she finally said.
 Ludlow turned from where he'd been watching the now empty doorway, sighed and sat down.
 "Janice broke every rule we gave her," he muttered as he glanced down at his cup of tea. "She chose to have an affair with your first husband, she got herself impregnated by the man and took a life by having the child aborted. Those sins can't be overlooked."
 "What about forgiveness?" Lavina snapped. "I'm not a religious person myself but I forgave Janice for the affair she had with Grant. And what did I find? I found a lonely young woman and a girl with a heart of gold who had made a mistake."
 Richard Ludlow's eyes flicked up at her.
 "Janice is not a person to ridicule," Lavina continued, her voice becoming louder. "She's a person to respect and love. She's met a fine young man who is now the manager of my family farm. He knows of her background; about the brief affair, the abortion and in spite of all that he loves her."
 She sighed and decided to continue. "If your religion will not allow you to forgive her, Richard, it's not a religion but a hypocrisy." She stopped and let the words sink in and waited for an angry rebuff.
 But it didn't come. Instead, Janice's father just sat and sipped his tea for a few moments.
 "Janice may not hold your views of life but that doesn't make her wicked or bad." Lavina stood, walked to the mantelpiece and picked up one of the faded photographs of Janice as a child holding a big furry cat. "You're not even being honest with yourself. You love your daughter, Richard; otherwise you would have thrown these photographs of her away." She fixed a steady gaze on the man. "And she loves you, too. That's why she wants you to be her father, to come to her wedding and to give her away."
 For several seconds, Lavina held the man's gaze and made him break his eye contact She picked up Janice's latest photograph and held it out. "This was sent to you last Christmas, I believe and you didn't even have the courtesy to acknowledge receiving it. Yet you place it on the mantelpiece. Strange, isn't it?"
 Richard shrugged but said nothing.
 "So you have a choice," Lavina pressed. "You either cling to your ideals and continue your lonely life or you accept Janice's offer and make her part of your life again. She has a loving fiancé and is prepared to share her life with you. The ball's in your court. Thank you for the cup of tea."
 Lavina walked to the door.
 "When is it?"
 Lavina stopped, turned and smiled. "Four weeks from today, eleven a.m. at Saint David's Combined Church just up the road."
 "I'll be there," the man said, extending his hand.
 Lavina took it and looked into sad blue eyes. "Thank you. You won't regret this, Richard. Janice loves you."
 She turned and walked out.
 A tearful Janice was crouching beside Sam, the dog on the lawn. "Old bugger, isn't he? I heard your raised voice. Throw you out, did he?"
 Lavina crouched down. "On the contrary, Janice, he agreed to give you away."
 "What!" the younger woman exclaimed. She stood and flung her arms around Lavina. "Really?"
 "Go and ask him, for yourself." Lavina smiled.
 Janice grinned and turned to see her father standing by the veranda. She took two hesitant steps forward, noticed his expression and broke into a run. Richard Ludlow held his arms out and wrapped them around his daughter.
 "Thank you, Dad."
 "I'd better buy a new suit," her father muttered. "No doubt my present one is out of style."
 Janice looked up at the man. "Yes, Dad. You'd better."
*

CHAPTER 24
As with all weddings, last minute problems seemed to swell to gigantic proportions with the bride waiting impatiently in the farmhouse kitchen on Upper Forks Road for her transport to arrive.
 "We asked for the taxis to be here fifteen minutes ago. It's ten twenty! And Dad. Where is he?"
 "Everything's fine," Lavina said. "Just relax. It's our job to do all the worrying."
 "But is Dad coming? He's made no contact since we visited him."
 "He'll be here at ten thirty. It's only a twenty minute drive to the church."
 "Can you help with my veil?"
 "Ask your bridesmaid," Lavina said. "That's what you've got her for." She winked.
 Cathy placed the long white veil over Janice's head and stood back. "You look beautiful," she said.
 They were interrupted by a car honking outside. Janice and Cathy rushed to the door and the bride gave a gasp of surprise. Instead of the taxis they'd ordered, there were two vintage white Jaguars decked with ribbons and tiny bridal dolls attached to the hood.
 A man dressed in a dark suit and silver tie stepped out of the front car and approached.
 "Dad!"
 "Ordinary cars aren't good enough for my daughter," Ludlow said without even a smile. "My little girl has grown into a beautiful woman and bride."
 "Oh Dad." Janice sniffed and found her father's arms around her. "Thank you for coming."
 The farmer gave an embarrassed cough and held his daughter out so he could see the long white bridal gown. He blinked and Janice noticed two small tears in his eyes. "Dear God, Janice. You look just like your mother on the day I married her, so beautiful and delicate."
 "Dad, you noticed. My dress is designed from an old photograph of your wedding. It's a duplicate of Mom's."
 "If only she could be here." Ludlow sighed and blew his nose. He turned and spied the teenager waiting on the path. "And this glorious bridesmaid must be Cathy. You're not that scrawny kid I remember anymore, are you?"
 "No, I guess not, Mr. Ludlow," Cathy said shyly.
 Richard Ludlow broke into a smile and glanced at his watch. "Well, ladies shall we go? I believe a nervous young man is waiting at the church." He held the door open and offered a hand to his daughter who took it and stepped into the front Jaguar.
 Cathy grinned at her mother and stepped into the second car. "See you at the church, Mum."
*
In the days that followed the wedding, Richard Ludlow became a regular visitor to their farm...except on Sundays
 "I guess Dad can't change his beliefs, entirely," Janice said. "But six days a week is something I'd never have dreamt possible." She fixed her eyes on her friend. "That must have been some speech you gave him that day we visited, Lavina."
 "Not really. He was struggling with his own emotions. It was when I saw that latest photograph of you on the mantelpiece, I realized his stern, uncompromising exterior was a facade." She laughed. "I also quoted a bit about religion including forgiveness. He knew you had that abortion, you know."
 Janice gasped. "He did?"
 Lavina nodded.
 "Then he has changed. I thought if he discovered that, I'd be a murderer in his eyes for eternity."
 "He never stopped loving you, Janice. It was only his pride and stern beliefs that stopped him from expressing it."
*
Both Lavina and Janice were witnesses when Nancy Morrow's murder trial was held three weeks before Christmas. After much apprehension, Lavina found that her time on the stand during the third day was surprisingly short. She was asked about the abduction, her relationship with Grant and repeated what was said in her interview with Nancy in the prison. As the police had suspected, none of the secret voice or video recordings were permitted at the trial so it was really her word against Nancy's.
 The witnesses came and went with two conflicting accounts on the cause of the Cessna crash presented. Next, photographs of the fingerprints the police had lifted from the wreckage were displayed and proved to be those of the defendant.
 Morrow's defence lawyer, Sandra Friedman, addressed the bench. "I'd now like to call Nancy Morrow to the stand, Your Honour."
 Nancy, looking frailer than ever, flinched as she waited for the questioning to begin. She looked physically and emotionally exhausted but over the next four hours made a remarkably good account of herself. The lawyer included questions about both of Nancy's failed marriages and the recent split from her present husband. The reasons for her latest contact with Ryland were also brought out in considerable detail. This was allowed, as Morrow had pleaded guilty at an earlier trial to her involvement in stealing the Rubens painting.
 "There are just a couple more points, Nancy," Friedman continued after a two-hour lunch break. "You stated earlier you had hired your former husband to hide the Rubens painting and that was the reason for you visiting his ranch. On the Thursday before his death when you visited him to discuss flying the painting back to Auckland, was he working on the aircraft?"
 "Yes," Morrow muttered. Her eyes were downcast.
 "So how did your fingerprints get on the engine cowling?"
 Morrow glanced up and fixed her eyes on the jury. "Grant had the cowling open and was adjusting something in the engine when I arrived. I remember him muttering that it was due for an overhaul. When he went to close the cowling he asked me to help. I reached up and clamped the forward section down."
 "I see. And that was on Thursday?"
 "Yes. Lavina always went to town on that day of the week so I knew she wouldn't be home."
 "And that was the last time you were near the aircraft?"
 "Yes."
 "And did you see your former husband after that Thursday?"
 "No, I never saw him again." Morrow's voice was much stronger. "It wasn't until the following week I'd heard about the Cessna crash and his death."
 "Thank you, Nancy." The lawyer turned to the Crown Prosecutor. "Your witness," she said.
 Crown Prosecutor Clive Clarke, was a serious faced, middle-aged man who rose and waited for a full minute before strolling slowly across the courtroom.
 "There were no other witnesses there on the day your fingerprints were deposited on the engine cowling, Mrs. Morrow?"
 "No, none."
 "I see. So we only have your words with no supporting evidence of what happened at that time."
 "Yes." Morrow replied.
 Clive glared at the defendant, switched his gaze across to the jury before he turned back to ask the next question.
 "Earlier you stated the conversation you had with Mrs. Lavina Garnet in the prison was a fabrication."
 "That's correct. We barely mentioned the Cessna crash or Grant for that matter. Lavina was more concerned about her daughter's injuries."
 "So the jury should believe your version of the conversation and not Mrs. Garnet's?"
 The woman's reply was almost a whisper. "I believe Lavina was overwrought and wanted to blame someone for her daughter's injuries and..."
 "The court is not interested in what you think went on in Mrs. Garnet's head, Mrs. Morrow," Clarke cut in. "First, you expect the jury to believe your version of the reason for your prints being on the engine cowling and you also expect them to believe Mrs. Lavina Garnet lied to this court."
 "I object, Your Honour," Sandra Friedman interrupted. "That's a statement not a question."
 "I agree," the judge stated. "You will rephrase or withdraw your question, Mr. Clarke."
 Clive Clarke nodded politely. "I'll rephrase Your Honour," he said and turned back to Nancy Morrow. "Did you vandalize the Cessna aircraft and, thereby, cause the death of your former husband?"
 Nancy Morrow looked up. "I had nothing to do with Grant Ryland's death," she stated without hesitation.
 After lengthy summations, the jury retired just before noon and it was the following afternoon before they returned. Lavina and Steve were among the spectators in the crowded observation deck waiting for the verdict.
 The judge fixed Nancy with a neutral gaze. "Please stand, Mrs. Morrow."
 Nancy nodded and stood with downcast eyes while the judge unfolded a slip of paper the clerk had brought across from the foreman of the jury. He read it with an expressionless face and handed it back to the clerk.
 "To the charge of murder, how do you find the defendant?" he asked the jury foreman a moment later.
 The foreman stood up. "We find the defendant, not guilty, Your Honour."
 "Oh my God," Lavina whispered. "She's getting away with it."
 "To the secondary charge of manslaughter, how do you find the defendant?"
 "Guilty, Your Honour."
 Lavina saw that Nancy Morrow's lips were clamped in a thin line but otherwise there was no reaction at all.
 "So that's it," Steve said. He put an arm around his wife. "I think it was a close call."
 "I would have loved to have heard what was said in the jury room," Lavina said.
 They stopped talking to listen to the judge's final comments and then watched as a police officer escorted a grim faced Nancy Morrow out of the room.
 "Manslaughter. With good behaviour she'll be free in a few years," Lavina said.
 "She probably helped us," Steve added philosophically. "If Grant was still alive, you'd still be married to him and not me." He chuckled. "Even if you were separated it would be two years before you could get a divorce."
 "I guess you're right," Lavina said. "I never thought of it that way."
 Lavina placed her arms around her husband's neck and reached up to kiss him affectionately.
 "Now, what was that for?" Steve asked.
 "Do I have to have a reason?"
 "Not really." Steve grinned and drew her into his arms. "Remember when I first arrived at Upper Forks Road School and you stopped by?"
 "Yes, I think I mentioned something about being your neighbour … then the fun began."
 She smiled and grabbed Steve's arm.  Together they walked out of the courtroom.
The End
