



BUFFALO SOLDIERS
AN UPSTATE NEW YORK MAFIA TALE

Nicholas Denmon
Buffalo Soldiers
Copyright © 2012 by Nicholas Denmon
Cover design by Jesse Horst
Smashwords Edition
A D-Rated Novelists Publication

All rights reserved.
No part of this e-book may be used or reproduced without permission.
This is a work of fiction. Any similarities to actual persons, alive or dead, are purely coincidental.
Acknowledgements

A novel has many moving parts from start to finish, without any of which the work is more than likely doomed to failure. This novel is no exception, and as such I am taking a moment to thank those that helped pull this together through often trying circumstances. As such I would like to thank Jennifer for editing my book and often attempting to edit my life. Thank you Allie, Nicole, and Mark Garrett for your input. My family, without you I wouldn't exist. I mean that literally Mom and Dad. I mean that figuratively when addressing the rest of you lovely heathens; Chris, Rob and Alex.
A big thank you to Dennis who has never stopped believing that action has a place in our world. To Brian and Sue, who have always indulged long talks about myself, sometimes obnoxiously so. Thank you to those in my day job who suffer me with smiles.
To my friends, you know who you are.
To my fans, most of whom took a chance, bought a book, and often times inspired the journey our characters enjoy - or don't.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1

Chapter 2

Chapter 3

Chapter 4

Chapter 5

Chapter 6

Chapter 7

Chapter 8

Chapter 9

Chapter 10

Chapter 11

Chapter 12

Chapter 13

Chapter 14

Chapter 15

Chapter 16

Chapter 17

Chapter 18

Chapter 19

Chapter 20

Chapter 21

Chapter 22

Chapter 23

Chapter 24

Chapter 25

Chapter 26

Chapter 27

Chapter 28

Epilogue

About the Author
Chapter 1

Rafael Rontego tasted the iron flavor of his blood running over what was left of his cracked lips as the warm liquid filled his mouth.  He couldn’t see a thing and he felt a burning sensation on the back of his neck where it pulled against some unwilling tendons. It was unnatural to hang your head so far forward, but Rafael dared not let them know he was awake under the bag obscuring his vision.
The hood.
The damn thing smelled like straw, canvas, or dust.  Some sort of sack, Rafael mused. It scratched at his cheeks, and if his hands weren’t tied off behind his back he sure as hell would have tried to scratch half of his face off. Or wipe the blood from his lips.
Or kill the bastards who brought me here.
He pulled against the binds but they were laced around the back of the chair in which he sat. Rontego couldn’t remember much.  He lay down to catch some sleep.  Sleep was all he had done it seemed.  Don Ciancetta had told him he needed to lay low for a while.  The heat was too hot.  So he rented a suite at Salvatore’s Grand Hotel. 
He felt the fog lift a bit as he thought of the place with its perfectly polished floors and marble. Marble everywhere. But it was the Jacuzzi hot tub that made him almost smile right there despite the blood running down his face and the hood blinding him. The things he and the blonde had done in there.  It was almost unfair to let them ever rent that room out again. 
The room lay right next to the thruway and so had an easy escape route if he needed it. Canada wasn’t far away and there were half a dozen neighborhoods he could disappear into if someone came looking for him.
The price was right too. The owner knew Rafael Rontego. He knew the hitman, and he knew his boss, Don Ciancetta. Everything was going well. The stories on the news slowly drifted out of circulation.  The little amount of evidence the Buffalo Police Department had managed to scrape together had been destroyed, purchased, or gone missing.  
Even scared that cop straight into an early retirement.
This time he did grin, but the pain of his cracked lips brought him down in a hurry. He had to focus. Everything was so damn quiet. Even though he couldn’t see a thing, Rafael kept his eyes wide and alert. If there was a flash of light beyond his covering he wanted to catch it.  Any clue to his whereabouts would be welcome.
Drip. Drip-drip. Drip.
The sound was faint but his ears caught it all the same. He prided himself on his hearing. The notion made him grimace. He never even woke up. He never heard them when they grabbed him. He assumed it was them. It must have been well organized because he had lain down… he had lain down… and what?
What did I do before I lay down.  I drank a scotch.  I drank a scotch, laid down, and then… and then I was slung over someone’s shoulder and bumping my head on someone that smelled like old cigarettes and sweat.
The bumping felt like stairs. Rafael vaguely remembered hearing the thud of boots on wood too. Then there was the dripping, the infernal dripping somewhere to his right. Rafael strained his nose to smell past the iron and the damned sack covering his face. It smelled wet.
Rafael’s heart sank.
I’m in a fucking basement.
He knew what happened in basements. He had been on the giving end of a few of those wonderful parties. People died in basements.
His heart thudded against his chin, threatening to knock through his chest and slap him in the face. It only got worse when he heard footsteps descending.
Thump. Thump. Thump.
The first set of footsteps stopped before he heard a second pair follow the first.  Then he heard voices. At first Rafael decided he must have been hit harder than he thought. He couldn’t understand anything that came out of their mouths.
Then it hit him. They were speaking a different language.  A language he hadn’t heard much of for the last eleven years.
They were speaking Russian.

*

The corrections officer on the opposite side of the glass eyed him suspiciously, as if he was about to be questioned for a crime instead of getting released. Her lips pressed together in disapproval and she made brief withering eye contact before looking down at the counter on the other side of the bulletproof glass. She rifled through some paperwork and said, “Nivsky. Ivan?”
Ivan nodded his head.
She never looked up but her dark skin stretched back over her puffed cheeks as she continued reading the paperwork. “I can’t hear your head nods.”
There was a time Ivan would have been pissed. But not today. “Yes ma’am.”
“Yes what?”
“Yes, I’m Ivan Nivsky.” Ivan kept his tone low. He doubted anyone remembered him on the outside, but he didn’t want to give the officer behind the glass a reason to lock him up again.
“Eleven years.” She said it like it was nothing.
“Eleven years, three months, seventeen days.” Ivan said it almost as a reaction. He couldn’t count how many times another inmate went through the usual string of questions. They all said the same things.
“What ya in for?”
“What’d you do?”
“How long you been in?”
Eleven years, three months, seventeen days.
She gave him that look again and Ivan thought he heard her give a little snort, but she was back at work behind the counter. Ivan ran his hand along his perfectly shaved head and his eyes darted to the right and left. A guard with a shotgun rested lazily against the wall to his right, talking up some young girl in cleaning garb. Another officer sat with a buddy in blue to his left and he was complaining about the roast beef sandwich his wife made him for work.
“Ivan Nivsky, here are your things as received eleven years ago.” She pulled up a plastic bag.
Eleven years, three months, seventeen days.
“The state of New York returns to you your possessions. We have one stainless steel Seiko wristwatch, inscribed with “Ivan with all my love,” battery dead. We have seventy-six cents in Canadian currency. Passport. Pocketknife. And a personal picture.”
She slid the bag through a cut out in the glass.  The bag was vacuum-sealed. Ivan held it up as the officer pushed some paperwork through the glass behind it.
“Sign here, here, here.” She said it as she made little crosses in various spots on the paper.  The pen was anchored to the countertop.
They don’t want anything to escape.
Ivan signed the papers.
“Mr. Nivsky, you’re a free man.” She smiled for the first time. As if his signature changed everything. Ivan grabbed the bag that contained what was left of his life on the outside. “Officer Daniels, will you please escort Mr. Nivsky to the exit?”
Officer Daniels disengaged from the brunette near the wall and cradled his shotgun under his arm as he approached. Ivan had been inside these walls for eleven years and had never seen this officer. But then again the inmates were divided into cellblocks and the guards were divided into yard dogs and gatekeepers. Watch towers and sewer rats.
Officer Daniels led Ivan towards a door directly in front of the counter and opened it.  The bright light beyond blinded Ivan for a moment until his eyes adjusted.  The lady behind the counter called out. “Ivan?”
He turned to meet her gaze.
“I hope I never see you again.”
Ivan smiled and followed Officer Daniels outside, letting the door slam shut behind them. He heard the automatic lock click. He almost smiled.
Not yet.
Officer Daniels said nothing as they walked side by side along the concrete walkway.  It could easily hold twelve men abreast, squeezed between the parallel lines of the chain-link fence on either side. Fifteen feet high they rose. A crown of barbed-wire rested casually along the upper most rim in threatening curls of knives. At the end of the row was a steel gate. As they made the long walk out from the front entrance, Ivan felt his eyes drawn upward just beyond the cruel crown. Twin guard towers faced each other less than a hundred yards apart. Their sharpshooters lorded down upon Ivan with fingers that itched to put an inch and a half of pointed lead through his heart.
In spite of himself, he felt a drop of sweat trickle down his face, starting at his temple and then navigating its way through the low-cut forest of brown and graying stubble on his cheek. Beautiful red and dark brown leafed maple trees greeted him in the distance beyond the gates. It was autumn and the air was crisp and cool.
Finally, the two of them reached the guardhouse at the front of the gates.  An elderly officer who was wider than he was tall greeted them. He yawned, gave a little shudder, and waved Officer Daniels over. “Officer.”
Officer Daniels handed him the paperwork he brought with him from inside. “Ivan Nivsky, for… re-acclimation.”
The fat guard glanced over the paperwork, took a stamp from a case on his hip that made Ivan remember fanny packs. It had been ages since he thought of the ridiculous fashion phenomenon. The guard stamped the paperwork with a loud thump. Then with little fanfare and even less enthusiasm, the guard hit a button on the inside of the little four-foot by four-foot structure.
There was a loud beep and a buzz followed by a red light that clicked over to green at the top of the locked steel gate. A series of mechanisms clicked and the gate parted and followed a track to either side of the walkway, opening the world before Ivan Nivsky.
On the outside of the gate sat a black luxury vehicle with tinted windows that Ivan couldn’t place. A man stood there, leaning on the hood of the car, wearing a black hat and a black suit, reading a newspaper.
Ivan stopped and looked at the guard who had opened the gate.  He gave an encouraging wave and smirk, as if he were prodding an infant to try out walking for the first time.
Ivan took a step toward the exit when he heard a low voice behind him. “We will, you know.”
Ivan stopped and looked at Officer Daniels, who still cradled his gun in the crook of his arm.
“Will what?” Ivan asked.
“See you again.” Daniels said it with those cold green eyes of his. For a moment Ivan felt as if the officer had an inside tip on some sort of horse race. He stood there for a moment, sized up the officer and turned towards the gate. As his foot crossed the threshold into the real world, the free world, he shouted back over his shoulder, “Over my dead body.”
Ivan walked towards the car where the driver now held the door open. The aromatic pine scent of the car freshener greeted him along with a hint of old leather and Armor All. He climbed into what he could now tell was a Lincoln and tossed his vacuum-sealed bag on the seat next to him. The driver shut the door and walked around to the front driver side and sat down, casting a look into the rearview at Ivan.
“Mr. Nivsky? Where to?”
The driver had a thick accent, the kind that immediately made Ivan think of enchiladas and margaritas.
Ivan took a long look out the window at the fortress and the steel gate that was gliding along its track. Gates that had kept Ivan in, and now, kept him out. As the gate came together in the middle, lettering that was split by their partition now settled together with a clang.
Elmira Correctional Facility.
“Take me home. Take me to Buffalo.”
“Si. Right away Mr. Nivsky.”
Ivan leaned back as the gentle hum of the car’s engine reverberated along its length. The feel of its tremble was unfamiliar to him. Years had passed since he last sat in a car. He had ridden into the penitentiary in the back of a blue painted bus. The bus had smelled of worry and desperation. Sweat and fear mingled with dust and body odor that for the next eleven years would be the smell of home.
As the Lincoln wound its way down the narrow single lane highway that lead to NY-14, Ivan watched a familiar blue cigar on wheels cart another load of prisoners towards Elmira. Ivan wondered whether or not any of those unlucky souls would be the next tenant in his vacated cell.
“Poor bastards,” he said.
“What, Mr. Nivsky?”
Ivan caught a pair of eyes flash to him in the rearview.
“Nothing.” Ivan picked up his bag and ripped a hole in it. Immediately the smell of smoke wafted up to him. He couldn’t help but crinkle his brow. By the time he had been processed he hadn’t smoked a cigarette in damn near a month. Nothing in the bag should have smelled of smoke. The bag was airtight. Ivan grabbed up the small picture in the bag, tracking down the source of the smell. He couldn’t help it. He thought of her.
“Anika,” he said it out loud. The name felt foreign and clumsy as it moved past his lips.
“What, Mr. Nivsky?”
Ivan palmed the picture and shuffled it into his pocket.
“Nothing.  How long is the drive?”
“Just under three hours, sir.”
“There’s an extra hundred in it for you if you can make it in two.”
In response he heard the Lincoln’s engine rev and he felt the car pick up speed.

*

“I brought in a crew of WOPs straight from Sicily; they should be arriving this week. A couple of the important ones are already here.” Don Ciancetta smiled as he cracked a peanut out of its shell and threw the remnants over the railing of Root Five. The shell fell down into Lake Erie and hung on the surface for a moment before a greedy seagull swooped down and carried it off in its beak.
Chris Biela, the Pope, squinted at his friend through the glare of the bright sunlight reflecting off of the rippling surface of the lake. He had aged since college—that was for sure. His hair was thinner, the waist line bigger, and the crow's feet prominent.
Immaculate fucking suit though.
The Pope gave a little cough that brimmed with the hint of something greater, but he stifled it with a chortle. He couldn’t blame his friend for showing signs of stress and age. Being the Don came with a price.
“It’s probably a good idea,” he said quietly. He found that speaking quietly made the coughing less likely. It also hid the hint of his southern accent that he had trouble abolishing. It was bad enough people knew he was half polish, but if they knew he was southern he might lose some of that mysterious nature that kept the guns from being trained on him.
“Probably a good idea? Better fucking be. It was your suggestion.” Leonard Ciancetta let a brief scowl crease over his green eyes, like he wanted to scold his consigliore, but it disappeared quickly when he looked at the Pope.
Pity. He pities me.
He felt like yelling but instead he said quietly, “Well then, it’s a brilliant idea.” He smiled and even though he wanted to flash a toothy grin he felt how wan and small it really was. The Sicilians would be a big help to their depleted ranks. The crew was still reeling from the effects of the mob war with Don Ciancetta’s uppity underboss Joe Falzone.
Victory too has a price.
The crisp blue sky came down in the distance just short of Canada on the other side of the lake. The only obstacles were a series of ivory white windmills that lined the north of the lake just to the west beyond the Ford plant and the unions there that had been a large part of the reason the two factions had come to blows.
The advisor to the most powerful man in the greater Buffalo-Ontario area decided to switch gears.
“Our friend the White Russian returns home today.”
He took a slow pull on his Labatt’s Blue; the frothy liquid cooled his throat and removed some of the perpetual tickle that lived there. The Don shuffled his feet and took a large cigar out of his shirt breast pocket. He had thick hands and the big cigar almost looked small in his sausage-like fingers. He didn’t light it, but put it in his mouth and sucked on it. A nervous tick the consigliore knew all too well.
“Christ. Are the arrangements in order?”
“I sent a car. He should be here in a few hours.” The Pope felt the cough coming on again but he drowned it in another gulp of beer.
Maybe if I drink enough alcohol I’ll kill the fucking thing.
“Good because I won’t have that man coming after me. He was very adamant that we take care of this guy.” The Don seemed to have relaxed enough to pull out his lighter.
“Well, he should be adamant. The guy kept his mouth shut and did eleven years for him.  To be honest, we need to make a show of treating the White Russian well, too.  We need to show that loyalty will be rewarded.” The Pope held the Don’s gaze for a moment to make sure he got the point.
The Boss nodded. “We’ll take care of Ivan. Besides, we have some vacancies after what Joe Falzone pulled.” The Don chuckled and flicked the lighter, pulling a drag through the cigar in a series of puffs.
“There they are,” the Pope stood up and leaned against the wooden railing that lined the bar’s property.  It had the healthy habit of keeping drunken assholes from falling into the bay.
“Oh no! Those cock suckers.” The Don stood up too and straightened his suit. He turned and looked into the parking lot towards where the Pope indicated with his handkerchief.
A small SUV inched to a stop just at the edge of the lot, the nose poking just beyond a telephone pole at the corner. If the Pope hadn’t been looking for it, there was a good chance he wouldn’t have noticed them.
The two men began to walk towards a little pier on the side of the bar.
“Do we have any idea who they are yet?” The Don pulled on his cigar doing his best “it wasn’t me” impression as they meandered towards the pier, sipping on what was left of their Labatt’s.
The Pope coughed again, catching it in his red handkerchief.  He found the red material hid the most damning nature of his illness. “No. Well, we can deduce at any rate.”
The Don smiled and waved his cigar at his consigliore as they walked. “Deduce away, my friend.”
“They ain’t Buffalo P.D., that’s for sure. I asked around with those swine that sometimes eat at our table. Since their undercover unit was infiltrated and that crazy cop Alex Vaughn quit, they haven’t had time to restructure. It could be months or years before they get an operation up and going again.”
The Pope caught the Don smiling as they hurried towards the pier now, picking up their pace. The two men jumped into a small motorboat tied off to the pier there, and Don Ciancetta unraveled the line from the mooring in quick circular motions.
“It’s not good news, Leo.”
The Don ignored him and, pointing to the motor, said, “Start it up.”
The Pope started the motor and the boat lurched as it cut through the waves.
The two men in the SUV got out of their vehicle when they heard the motor and began running through the parking lot, trying to catch sight of the mobsters as they motored past the restaurant.
“Christ that little one is fast,” the Don said, standing up on the boat. Cigar clenched in his teeth he extended a middle finger at the pursuer. He stood that way until they rounded a bend in the shoreline, leaving the men behind.
Don Ciancetta sat down facing the Pope and took another series of puffs from his cigar. He eyed him with those green eyes that laughed at the world from behind a mound of ash.
“Tell me Chris, why is it not good news? You just told me we have the Buffalo P.D. in shambles.”
“Because Leo, if it isn’t the Buffalo P.D., it’s the FBI.” The Pope had suspected it was the FBI but he couldn’t be sure. If they were gangsters they would have been dead by now. If they were the Buffalo P.D. they would have heard about it through their informants. The FBI though, that was some serious shit. Now though he gauged his friend’s reaction.
A bit of concern seemed to creep over the Don’s face, his smile twitched, but then the eyes continued their smile even if the grin was a bit more forced than a moment before.  Then he leaned forward, locking eyes with the Pope. “So the fuck what? We knew this would happen one day. To be honest I figured it woulda been sooner. Pig fuckers. The way I see it is we had three enemies. Falzone and his carcass friends, the cops, and the FBI. We took out two of ‘em, right? So tell me, consigliore, what do we do about the FBI?” He leaned back and stretched his arms the length of the boat while the Pope stood up and steered the prow away from the shoreline.
White seagulls squawked in the distance as they circled over a school of fish swimming beneath the surface. One by one, they took turns diving into the water to come up with a beak full of dinner. The sun was beginning to crest in the distance and all the while the Pope fought off the cough that lingered just below his Adam’s apple. He said nothing, trying to let his thoughts come to him.
“Chris?  We can beat this, right?  We can beat the FBI.” The Don stood up and placed an arm around his friend. “Just tell me how.”
“We can win Leo. We can. But you have to be smart. You can’t talk business anymore. You either get on the boat like right now or you don’t talk business ever.  If you have to talk on land, you sweep that office for bugs, you turn up the volume on the radio and you whisper it in one ear and one ear only. With the Patriot Act we gotta assume they hear everything. I don’t even wanna know what satellite they have pointed up my asshole when I go to sleep at night.”
The Don nodded his head. The cigar was burning on its own now and threatened to go out altogether if the Don didn’t pull on it soon.
“Also, we have to make it clear to the capos to cut out the stupid shit. The bullshit has to stop.  No expanding the business for a while. We hang out with old reliable and that’s it.  Anything new that comes up we have to assume it’s because the FBI made it come up. Eventually, there will be somebody who comes to you with a too-good-to-be-true score. A once in a lifetime opportunity. That guy, the one who comes to you with that shit, has been turned and has to go.”
“You think they can penetrate our crew?”
“Absolutely. Let’s not do what the BPD did and underestimate the opposition. If the FBI wants in your crew, they’ll get in. Speaking of which, we don’t fucking taunt them either.  Last thing we want is another cop with a hard-on disrupting shit, only this time with an FBI badge.” The Pope’s throat gave way to a cough that racked his spine and made every muscle in his body scream like he had been on a fifteen-mile jog, only it happened in a millisecond. When his eyes stopped watering the Don gave him another look that was half apologetic, half disgusted.
The Don hated weakness. Perhaps he hated it even worse when he saw it in his oldest friends and there was nothing they could do about it. The man had never even stepped foot in a hospital. He viewed the whole building as a contagion of weakness.
“We do all that and you think we can get past this?” The Don looked to his old pal for answers.
“Well, it isn’t going to just go away because we outlast it, you know.”
“I know that,” he said.  His voice had a bite to it.
“What we can do though is give them so little that the Feds get impatient and bring a weak case against you, one that I can put holes through like fucking Swiss cheese. Best-case scenario, you beat those charges, whatever they bring, and they have to start a new investigation. Then we do the whole damned thing over again.”
The Don pulled on his cigar as the Pope navigated the boat towards a small dock he had built earlier in the month. Out here on the lake they could talk business without fear of being heard. The waves, the motor, the wind, and the distance all made it as safe of a place the old veteran advisor could devise. As they pulled alongside and the Pope put the boat in idle, the Don reached an arm towards the pier and pulled the boat closer to the wooden structure. He grabbed the rope, and cigar still hanging from his mouth, muttered, “Fucking Feds.”
“Fucking Feds,” the Pope echoed.

*

Kira grabbed her leather bag and slung it over her shoulder. It weighed a ton laden with books that she probably would never read. It wasn’t that she didn’t care; it was that she already knew the material.
She ran to the front door and nearly slipped in her haste.
“Fuck.” She composed herself and grabbed a set of keys for her Escalade off of the stand by the door. Her sunglasses fell off of her brown hair and onto her nose as she bent to grab her cup of coffee. Kira flipped her sunglasses back onto her head and paused in front of the full-length mirror next to the entryway. Her hair was tangled in her sunglasses and a splash off coffee fell out of the cup and onto the floor as she rushed. She blew the hair away from her face and brushed a long tress back behind her ear.
I hate high school. I hate it. I hate it. I hate it.
Kira took in a deep breath and pulled her white blouse tight across her chest with her hand still clutching the keys. She rolled her head to the side, cracking her neck, spun about, and walked out the front door. As much as Kira hated high school, she loved money.
Speaking of which…
She ran down the stairs that led to the parking lot and prayed she didn’t run into anyone on her way out the door. All they ever wanted to do was talk. Emerald Green was a great place to live, but some people there just didn’t understand being in a rush. Rich assholes always valued their own time but didn’t seem to think a seventeen year old could or should have anything important to do.
Kira clicked the button on her keychain and unlocked the door to her black Escalade. She threw her bag onto the passenger seat and grabbed her iPhone out of the side pocket. She didn’t know why she did it. Perhaps it was habit, because when she pushed the engine to start, the phone connected to the car, making the need for it to be out of the bag unnecessary. Turning the volume up on the car speakers, she backed out of her parking space and out of the condominium complex. As she pulled onto the highway and accelerated towards Frontier High School, she hit a button on her steering wheel and a familiar mechanical English voice spoke to her.
“Phone. Please say contact name.”
“Call Uncle Dick.”
The phone rang and Kira pulled up to a red light. She glanced again at herself in the mirror and wished for a moment that she had put on some eyeliner. The worry with her appearance evaporated, though, as she heard the familiar weathered voice answer.
“Hello.”
“Uncle Dick. It’s Kira.”
Her uncle cleared his throat on the other end. She could tell he had just woken up.
“Did I wake you Uncle?”
He snorted. “What? No. Of course not child.”
Kira smiled. Uncle Dick was well past his seventieth year and he had slowed down a bit as of late. He was too proud to admit that he slept in past eight these days.
“Good, Uncle. Because what was it you always said to me? Oh yes that’s right. An hour asleep is an hour…what was that, Uncle?”
He sucked in a breath on the other line. “An hour asleep is an hour wasted. You kids don’t remember anything.”
Kira heard him snort again, indignant as always.
“Uncle, I start my last year of high school today. You know what that means.”
There was a long pause on the other line and Kira waited impatiently for the reply.
“Uncle?”
“Yes, yes I’m still here. I know very well what that means, child. I will transfer your money accordingly.”
Kira grabbed the steering wheel and couldn’t help the grin that crept across her face. It evaporated though as the old man droned on.
“It’s a lot of money, Kira. True enough. But remember to get the full amount you must graduate. Try and keep focused this year. Last thing this world needs is another kid with money running around doing bat-shit crazy things. Fucking Paris Hilton and those ass-clowns that carry dogs in their purses. A dog in a purse. What the fuck is that? A dog should rip a man’s throat out or it’s fucking useless.”
Kira laughed. “You know I’m not like those prissy bitches, Uncle.”
“I know, I know.” He cleared his throat again and Kira grimaced at the sound the phlegm made as it worked its way through the man’s windpipe.
“Thanks Uncle. I’ll look for the funds this evening.”
“Fine. And quit calling me your uncle.”
Kira smiled again. His protestations always amused her. “Why shouldn’t I call you Uncle old timer? I like calling you that. Uncle Dick.”
“Fuck woman. You know I hate being called Dick. Call me Uncle Richard.” He raised his voice but it was so cracked and aged that it came out in more of a wheeze than a yell.
“Okay, Uncle Richard.”
“Damn it. Don’t call me Uncle Richard. Call me Richard.” Kira imagined the vein that creased his forehead growing and his face getting red.
“But you said…”
“I know what I said, child.”
“You might be going senile, Uncle.”
Kira bit her lip to keep from laughing.
“Fuck you, Kira.”
“I love you too, Uncle.”
She clicked the phone off from her steering wheel and connected to her iTunes via Bluetooth. Lyrics blasted from the speakers as she arrived at Frontier High School.
She smiled as she pulled into her senior parking spot at the front of the lot.
Hundreds of kids were filing into the school. They walked in small groups and cliques of four and five. Occasionally kids would hurry along by themselves. They walked with a purpose that seemed foreign to Kira. Popularity, sports, little kid crushes. It made her sick. While these kids were worrying about algebra or some unimportant essay, she had real world problems. They didn’t understand the underbelly of the world around them. A world that she had known existed since she was six years old. All of them were just sheltered kids leading sheltered lives.
Kira lifted her sunglasses off her nose and onto the top of her head and grabbed her bag, slinging it back across her shoulder. Somewhere in the distance a bell rang, and all the kids began to swarm about like a bunch of cockroaches.
She felt her own pace picking up too.
A small blonde girl ran up to her as she hurried across the parking lot.
“Kira, wait up.”
Kira wiped the disdain from her face and put on her best cheerleader-like smile. “Hey Gina!”
I. Hate. High. School.

*

Sydney Price ran under the Interstate 190 overpass and picked up her pace, sprinting the final blocks through Buffalo’s commercial district and past the Pearl Street Bar and Grill.  She could see the Buffalo and Erie County Naval and Military Park looming ahead. The run from the Roswell Park Cancer Institute was just less than two miles and served multiple purposes for Sydney.
Usually she could run the distance without stopping. When she strapped on a pair of running shoes it was as if wings grew out of her feet. But today she stopped twice on the way.
Tears have a way of screwing with the program.
Sydney slowed down as she approached the naval park. The place was beginning to feel like home as of late. The tears still stung at her eyes and refused to go away no matter how much the sun decided to shine on her as she stood facing the water’s edge. The Sullivans loomed large before her and she made her way over to a plaque that read:
U.S.S. The Sullivans: Named after five brothers who lost their lives during the Battle of the Solomon Islands in World War II
Motto: We Stick Together.
Sydney reread the motto and felt the moisture begin to clutch at her eyes again. She leaned forward, telling herself she needed to catch her breath when she noticed the tear fall off the tip of her nose and onto the pavement between her running shoes. She straightened up and blinked at the salt water, bidding it to retreat, when her cell vibrated in the pocket of her gym shorts. Sydney swallowed and cleared her throat, hoping to shake the grief from her voice.
“Special Agent Price.” She held the phone away from her face as she let out a low steadying breath.
“Sydney, it’s me Scott. I just heard. I called the hospital hoping to catch you there.”  Scott paused on the other line before continuing. “I’m so sorry Sydney. Did you make it in time?”
Sydney felt her throat tighten and she had to clear it again to get words out. “Thanks Briggs. I appreciate it.” She blinked away a few stray tears and continued without answering Brigg’s question. “What’s the status with the field ops?”
It was Briggs’ turn to clear his throat, but his voice sounded like someone pinched his nose all the same. It always did. “Well, um, it’s not good Sydney. I took a team to his hotel room but he wasn’t there. Other than the door we knocked off the hinges with the ram, it didn’t even seem like there was a struggle.”
Sydney closed her eyes and pulled her fingers through her hair as she began walking back towards her car at the Roswell Cancer Institute’s parking lot a few miles down Pearl Street. “Jesus Briggs. You couldn’t just get a key card?”
“We could have Syd. But well, you know how it is. The guys wanted to use the ram.”
“I’m going to have to expense the damages, Briggs.” Sydney felt the frustration mounting and tried not to lay her personal problems on the shoulders of her best agent. Briggs might be a bit boyish and brash at times but he knew how to get the job done.
“Sorry Syd. I know this is the last thing you need right now. I took down the mailing address for Salvatore’s Grand Hotel though. We can send a check.  But seriously Sydney, there wasn’t a sign of a struggle or anything. From everything I can see the man drank a glass of scotch and left. I think he left town.”
Sydney picked up her pace as she walked. “That doesn’t make sense. He had no clue we were coming. He hasn’t left that room for more than food for weeks. Then the day we decide to go in and grab him, after getting a warrant that even I didn’t know I was going to get, he just disappears? Was it Scotch from the room’s bar?”
“What?” Briggs asked.
“The Scotch, Briggs. Was it from the bar in the room?” She stopped walking now while she waited for his answer.
“No. It was a big ass bottle of it.”
“Was it empty?” Sydney asked.
“No. But the boys took it for evidence. It’s in the van right behind me. Hold on a sec.” Briggs pulled the phone away and Sydney heard him giving orders. “Conrad, give me the bottle of Scotch. The Scotch. Yes, that one. You have any other Scotch back there I don’t know about?” There was another pause and then, “Yeah I have it right here Syd. Maybe a glass or two tops is missing.”
“Doesn’t sound like someone who planned on leaving does it? Buying a whole bottle of Scotch when there are a few small ones right behind the bar. He didn’t plan on leaving Briggs. Be careful with that Scotch. Did you pull the surveillance video in the hotel?”
“Yeah we pulled it but I don’t know how good it will be. The floor he was on is completely blacked out. Conveniently. No receipts for the room either. He was off the record completely. The only reason we found out he was there was because of Salvatore’s son.”
“I heard about their falling out.”
“He opened a rival hotel down the block. I’d kill ‘em if he were my son.” Briggs chuckled a bit and then seemed to have an idea because he gave a long “hmmm” and continued. “Hey Syd?”
“Still here Briggs.” Sydney was getting near to her car and trying to digest the turn of events.
“Maybe there will be something useful on some tape on the property exits. If he didn’t just walk out of there on his own then that means someone had to put a gun in his back or carry him out.”
Sydney smiled in spite of herself. “Damn right. And everything we know about this guy tells us he wouldn’t have gone without a fight.”
“So we operate under the theory that he was carried out or forced out. If he was, we should spot something. If he wasn’t then…” Briggs trailed off.
“Then we need a new theory.” Sydney switched gears. “What about the tail?”
Briggs paused again as Sydney cleared a busy intersection and approached the Roswell parking lot. Every time Briggs paused like that it was bad news.
“Travis and Mike lost ‘em.”
“How the hell did they ‘lose’ them? He’s the highest profile crime boss in the Buffalo-Ontario area, hanging out with the brains of his operation, the worst kept secret outside of the medical dumps in Lake Erie and we lose them?” Sydney grimaced and grabbed her phone trying to overcome the urge to throw it.
This might be the worst day ever.
A driver honked at her, irritated that she walked in the path of his car as she made her way into the parking lot. She waved him off absently with an extended middle finger.
“Apparently they ‘made’ us a while back. They had an exit strategy and jumped into a motorboat just before Travis and Mike were going to approach them about the situation. Seems Ciancetta gave our boys the finger while Chris Biela whisked them away.”
“You have got to be kidding me. I’ll find him and talk to him myself. Meet me at the field office in ten.” Sydney got into her black Ford Escape Hybrid, courtesy of the U.S. tax payers.
“Okay, we’ll be there. Do you want me to bring in the local boys in blue on the search? We could use the manpower.”
Sydney thought about it a moment and then decided against it. “No. Absolutely not. We bring them in on it and we’ll have every con from here to the Mississippi wise to what’s going on. The less local ears on this one the better.”
Briggs paused again. Sydney could feel his disagreement before he voiced it. He voiced it anyway. “These guys have been in the scene for years. They know what’s what with the guys, Syd. I’m not saying put out an APB, but there has to be someone we can bring in. Someone in this town has to be clean.”
Sydney cast a look down at a personnel file on her passenger seat. “Not clean, Briggs. But maybe a little less dirty than some. Tell you what; I’ll meet you at the field office in an hour. If all goes according to plan I might have a present for you.”
“That’s what I’m talking ‘bout Syd. That’s what I’m talking ‘bout.” With that Briggs hung up his cell.
Not clean. But maybe a little less dirt than some.
She pulled out of the parking lot and onto Pearl Street heading towards I-190. She knew the address. Sydney debated making a call on it all week. She scooped up the file again and held it against her steering wheel as she drove, glancing down at the name across an unflattering black and white: Alex Vaughn.
Chapter 2

“Mr. Nivsky, are you alright?” Eddie asked again.
Ivan heard him, but he was staring at his arms. He traced the outline of the tattoo on his bicep. It was jail yard ink so the quality was shit. It had hurt a bit when he got it, and the infection afterwards hurt a lot worse. But pain was temporary. His finger trailed along the raised outline. It wasn’t supposed to be raised like that, but it was thanks to the dirty needle and the fucking asshole that put it there for two cartons of cigarettes.
I fucking hated those cigarettes anyway. I would have killed for a Sobranie.
The tat meant something to him of course but to people on the inside, it was just another in a patch of artwork that ran up both sides of his arms. The split crucifix, falling apart along its center, might not even mean anything to most of the people on the outside. But those who knew him best, they would know.
Perhaps.
“Mr. Nivsky. We’re here. I can wait if you like.” The driver was prodding him with a gentle touch.
“I’m fine Eddie. Things just feel different.” Eddie was nice enough to pull over for him as they made their way westward along Interstate 390. He stopped to pick up some decent clothes in a tiny town called Warsaw. The whole place was maybe a couple miles wide and boasted a population of three or four thousand.
“I can understand that, sir.” Eddie was an agreeable sort. Ivan liked that.
“Even that little town, Warsaw. I passed through it on my way in. It looked completely different. Places like that, they’re insulated from time. Know what I mean, Eddie?” Ivan grabbed his bag and stuffed it into his pants pocket. He couldn’t find a whole suit, but he did manage to grab a pair of slacks and a button-down that didn’t make him look like complete shit.
“I do, sir. I served four in 2003. Upstate.”
“No shit? I thought I saw some ink under that watch of yours. Five pointed crown, eh?”  Ivan knew the Latin Kings symbol when he saw it, but who was he to ask questions?
Eddie covered up his wrist as his hand rested on the steering wheel. The entire conversation was flowing through the rearview mirror of the Lincoln.
His neck got a little red and he coughed. “Well yeah. The things we gotta do on the inside, right?”
“The fucking truth. You work for someone Eddie or you own this car?” Ivan inspected the leather, perfectly Armoralled.
“Like any straight place would hire a felon with two counts of aggravated battery and assault on a cop. No. I bought this car with cash and I take the jobs where I can get them.” Eddie got out of the car and pulled Ivan’s door open. He stood to the side in a black suit and black hat. He had a gold Rolex watch that glistened as it reflected the sun retreating from the city of Buffalo.
Ivan got out and stood in the path of the door of the car so Eddie couldn’t shut it. Placing one hand on the top of the car he said, “Can I have the envelope please?”
“Absolutely, sir.” Ivan asked Eddie to hold it until it was time for him to leave.
He handed Ivan the white rectangle and waited patiently while Ivan took a cold two hundred out from it. He held out the cash for his driver.
“No sir. I can’t take that. Besides, we didn’t make it in two hours.”
“Bullshit Eddie. I made you pull over to get some clothes. Take the fucking money.”  Ivan pushed the money back at Eddie. It hung there for a moment and finally the Mexican took the bills, folded them neatly, and tucked them into his breast pocket.
“Thank you, sir.”
Ivan took a step away and heard the door shut behind him. Then he turned around.  “Eddie. What if I said you can stop taking the odd drive around town for a while?”
“I’d say what do you have in mind, sir?” The man took a step forward and folded his hands patiently in front of him.
“I need a driver. I don’t even know this place anymore. Plus, let’s be honest, appearance is everything. One client. A grand a week.” Ivan smiled when he saw Eddie take his hat off and slick his black hair back behind his ears.
“Starting when?”
“Starting now. I don’t want to hang around this party very long. Wait here if we have a deal. If not, I’ll look for someone else.” Ivan turned again to face the back door to Chef’s Pasta Place, and then turned again.
“Oh and Eddie.  If you don’t already have one… buy a gun. My driver needs to pack heat.” With that Ivan opened the door in the back alley and entered the old Italian landmark.
Ivan walked into the restaurant. He walked through a hallway that sliced between the kitchen and closet or what passed as a manager’s office and made his way towards the banquet room. He passed a guard he didn’t recognize at the entrance, but who apparently knew him because he wasn’t stopped. 
That or the guy is shit-terrible at his job.
The place was closed to the public but he could hear a large clamoring coming from the banquet hall. Eleven years, three months and seventeen days since he had been to this place for his going away. He noted some renovations on the far end of the place. Apparently even this staple of Buffalo society had moved forward through the burning fire of progress.
He came around a corner and a small set of stairs greeted him. A gold decorative railing ran from the floor to his waist in columns of spiraling metal. At the bottom of the steps a cluster of people were milling about, drinking alcohol and holding quiet conversations. Above the crowd were three beautiful gold chandeliers that dangled over circular tables covered with white cloth. The room glowed with an orange hue.
Ivan stood for a moment at the top of the stairs, unsure where to go next. The crowd rustled a bit and he heard a deep voice yell out.
“There he is!” A fat man with broad shoulders and unmistakable green eyes shuffled forward. Ivan noted him and came down the stairs. He was fatter and older and he hadn’t been the Don when Ivan went away, but he knew the power of the Ciancetta family. He hurried down the stairs so as to not stand over Don Ciancetta.
Ivan barely reached the bottom of the stairs when the man came forward giving him a huge bear hug. “Ivan. Ivan. So happy to see you.” His voice was gruff and he had a cigar clenched between his teeth. He pulled back for a moment, his green eyes drifting onto Ivan’s own. He took the cigar out of his mouth and stepped back.
A hush came over the crowd and a hundred eyeballs focused on Ivan. He knew his part. Nivsky bowed at the waist and pulled the Don’s free hand up to his face. A gold ring rested there on his pinky with a dark red stone.
Ivan kissed the ring.
Don Ciancetta lifted him up by his chin and gave him a pat on the face to go with a toothy grin that spread across his cherub face.
“How ‘bout some music,” he said, waving a hand at a small band in the corner of the room. A skinny man in a suit began to croon his best Sinatra impression and the crowd once again began their quiet conversations. A steady stream of men made their way to a bar on the other side of the room for what Ivan figured was the free booze that really lured them to the party. Ivan saw a man with black hair, an impeccable suit, and a scotch standing a few feet away. He was eying them up from behind a handkerchief that appeared to be stifling a cough.
The Don grabbed Ivan by the wrist and drew him away from the crowd a bit, but still clearly within eyesight of all of his men.  He reached into his pocket and pulled out a thick envelope. “Ivan. We both know what you’ve done. The sacrifice you’ve made for family. This is just a token of my appreciation. The appreciation of your family.”
Ivan took the envelope and tucked it in his pocket. It barely fit.
“Thank you, Don. My gratitude.”
The dark haired man approached them then and brought a second scotch, which he handed to Ivan. As he approached, the Don turned to him and said, “Chris, this is a friend of mine, Ivan Nivsky.”
Fucking friend of mine. 
Ivan couldn’t help but grimace before he plastered a strained smile across his face. A friend of mine was wiseguy code. It meant that Ivan wasn’t a made man. He couldn’t be. He was half Russian. It stuck in his craw before he was put in the can and it hurt even worse now that he was out.
Eleven years. Three months. Seventeen days.
The fact that he was introduced meant he was now talking to a made man. Something struck him as funny though about this guy. He didn’t look Italian.
“You Italian?” He said it softly. The last thing he wanted to do was ruffle some feathers. But he had to know.
The man raised an eyebrow and looked over to the Don. A small smile creased his face and he said, “Not entirely, Ivan. Half.”
Nivsky took a sip of his scotch and tried to hide his surprise, but the look on Chris’ face said he wasn’t doing a very good job.
The Don came forward then and grabbed Ivan by his arm. Not so gently this time. He felt the strength of the man’s grip as he leaned forward, whiskey on his breath, and said, “I made an exception. My crew, my fucking rules. Capice?”
Ivan nodded his head and the Don relaxed his grip and patted him on the back, nearly sending his scotch to the ground.
“I’ve known the Pope since college. Since you was in grade school.” The Don brought his cigar back into his teeth and chewed on it, keeping his eyes on Ivan.
“Of course, Don.” Ivan bowed his head.
The crowd kept on talking but a silence passed between the three of them until finally the Pope interrupted the silence. “Ivan, I think you might remember me. We were a lot younger back then, of course, but I came to your trial. Even spoke to your attorney once or twice. That dumb bastard.”
It all came rushing back to Ivan. Since he was taking the rap for one of the Don’s men, he had to disassociate from the family completely. That meant taking a Public Defender.
“That’s right. That’s back when I worked for your father.” Ivan took another sip of scotch and felt the alcohol sting at his throat all the way down.
“Shit kid, you got started young. Working for my Dad. How old are you now?” The Don eyed him up and down.
“Thirty-five.”
The man he called the Pope gave a little cough behind his handkerchief and said, “Christ.  Twenty-four when you got pinched.”
“Twenty-three actually. The trial took a while. That P.D. didn’t even get me time served.” Ivan tasted the bitter scotch again.
The Don placed a hand on each of the men. One hand on the Pope’s shoulder and another on Ivan and said, “Well, I have some business to attend to. Thanks for all your loyalty Ivan. We intend to help you make up for lost time. Pope, show the man around, introduce him to the friends of ours who are here.” He shuffled off into the crowd, shaking hands and mingling with his men.
The Pope stood next to Ivan, his drink untouched in his hand. “We have an apartment set up for you downtown. It’s not much, but we hope it helps ease your transition.” He handed Ivan a set of keys with a piece of paper that had an address scribbled on it. “I can’t tell you how much what you did, how much your loyalty, means to this family.  Especially in this day and age.” The Pope scanned the crowd, looking for something, but cast a glance at Ivan when he didn’t say anything.
“You okay?”
Ivan swallowed as he too scanned the crowd. “Yeah. Just a lot of new faces.”
“I take it you heard about what happened?” The Pope’s eyes watered as he bit down on another cough. Ivan could tell he wasn’t well and it wasn’t just the common cold.
“I heard.” He had known the men who were no longer in the ranks of the Ciancetta family. Sal and Sonne Pieri, Joe Falzone, and Aldo were all gone.
Muro.
Muro was gone too.
“It’s a shame. That thing. It’s a shame it had to happen. But I’ll be blunt.” The Pope turned and faced Ivan. “It created a lot of openings. Openings we need filled by men we know to be loyal.” He paused and scanned the crowd again.  He seemed to find what he was looking for because he took a step forward and waved Ivan to follow him. “Lot of new faces is right. So let’s find some old ones.”
Ivan followed as he split a seam through the crowd and made his way to a table closest to the bar. As they neared the table Ivan couldn’t help but smile at the faces that greeted him.
“Tom fucking Coughlin and Jimmy Jacks. Holy shit.” Ivan came forward and Jimmy leapt to his feet, squeezing Ivan in a big hug that lifted him from his feet. “Put me down you cock sucker.”
Jimmy placed him on his feet and patted his arm. “Damn good to see you, Ivan. Damn good.”
Tom Coughlin got up too but stood a bit away from the two of them. His patented scowl hung from his face and he said, “You can’t be calling Jimmy a cock sucker no more Nivsky. In case you ain’t heard.”
Jimmy shuffled his feet and looked a bit embarrassed as Ivan wrinkled his eyebrows at Tom.
“What are you talking about?”
“Jimmy earned his stripes while you was in the can.”
Ivan smiled again. He couldn’t help it. “Congratulations Jimmy, I hadn’t heard. But I know you must have earned it.”
Jimmy looked down and then slapped Ivan on the arm. “Can I get you a drink? After all, this is in your honor.”
“Shit Jimmy, I should be getting you a drink. Besides I have a scotch.” Ivan held it up so Jimmy could see.
“I think I heard you say you’re drinking scotch?” he asked. Then he pushed over to the bar before Ivan could protest.
“Excuse me, gentlemen,” The Pope said, dismissing himself before melting into the crowd.
Tom sat down and Ivan took up a seat next to him.
They sat there in silence for a brief moment, Tom just grimacing like he usually did. That was alright with Ivan though. It might have been his party but he certainly didn’t feel like a guest of honor. He must have been grimacing too because Tom looked over at him and let the tips of his lips curl upward just a fraction before clearing his throat a bit and shifting in his seat to face him.
“Went to The Hill, did ya?” Tom looked around the room when he asked the question. That was one thing Ivan always appreciated and hated about Tom Coughlin. He was always looking over his shoulder. The only problem was that he looked over yours while he did it.
When he gets his it will be from some asshole right in front of him.
“Yeah, you know where I fucking went Tom.” Ivan cracked his neck. Tom Coughlin was a man that responded to strength. If you showed weakness he would roll over you like a semi-truck.
“Well if I did eleven years in the can I think I might be happy I was out. That chip you’re carrying ain’t gonna make you many friends.” Tom let his eyes catch Ivan for a second before they flicked up and over, searching the crowd for ghosts.
“The fuck that supposed to mean?” Ivan felt his neck getting warm and when that happened he usually put someone’s head through a couple of cafeteria trays.
“Nothing Nivsky. But you know this place is all about what have you done for me lately. Might wanna remember that. Everyone is smiles right now, but you get out of line, you won’t even hear the .22 as it enters your skull.”
Ivan stood up, nearly knocking his drink over. His chair fell back, hitting the floor with a clank. He went to stride forward when a huge hand grabbed him and pushed him back down into his suddenly upright chair.
“Sit the fuck down.” Jimmy slammed a scotch on the table and stood over Ivan until he was sure he wasn’t getting back up. He slowly sat down with a “what the fuck” look etched across his brow, his eyes darting back and forth between the two men.
Tom Coughlin leaned forward and said, “It wasn’t a fucking threat tough guy. It’s a warning. Your name is Nivsky as much as mine’s Coughlin, you get me? Jimmy will tell ya, these Italians look after their own. You’re expendable and as long as you know that you’ll be half a step ahead.”
Ivan felt his adrenaline still coursing through him like a fuel injection of testosterone but his mind was clear too and he knew Tom was right.
“There are a lot of new faces around.” He took a swig of his scotch, hoping to calm his nerves. It used to be that he had to smash somebody if he got pumped up like this, but eleven years surviving in the pen with the Black gangs, Mexican thugs, the Skinheads, and the other shitheads taught you to think before you acted.
“Well you’re almost right there.” Tom stood up abruptly. “I’m gonna take a piss. Try and not kick anyone’s ass before I get back.” He shuffled off towards the men’s room where Ivan noted The Pope pulling him aside for a quick conversation.
Jimmy interrupted his thoughts. “Tom has always been a little heated.”
“Heated at what?”
Jimmy laughed. “About being born Irish.”
Ivan gave a chuckle even though he was fully aware that the same joke could have been used on him if Jimmy had chosen to switch Irish with Russian.
“What’s he mean I’m almost right? I don’t recognize anyone here.” Ivan cast another look across the crowd hoping to catch a familiar face. He hoped to see one in particular.
That bastard owes me.
Jimmy lowered his voice. “Ain’t it obvious Ivan? Not a lot of new faces, just not a lot of the old ones. Word is the big man is bringing in a dozen Dagos from the old country to stock our ranks. War is shit for recruiting.”
Tom came back at about that moment. He caught the tail end of Jimmy’s whisper and his face broke into sideways scowl. “Jimmy why don’t you just tell the Ruskie everything. Fuck.”
Jimmy leaned over the table even further and Ivan thought he might flip it. “How many years you do?  You got eleven beat Tom? Quit stuffing your brains with Shamrocks. I’m not giving him codes to the nuclear arsenal.” He turned to Ivan and shrugged. “He’s the only one I let talk to me like that. Maybe not for long though.” He gave Tom a sidelong glance and both he and Ivan laughed when they saw the worry flash over Tom’s amber-Irish brow.
Ivan slammed down the rest of his scotch and stood up. “With your leave, Jimmy.”
“What? Leaving your own party already?” Jimmy stood up and grabbed Ivan’s hand. “Welcome back.”
Ivan felt his knuckles nearly crack with the man’s grip but met his squeeze. “Thanks Jimmy. Oh and Tom, fuck you too.” He flashed the blustered Irishman a grin and headed towards the back exit of Chef’s.
He stopped by the Don and said a quick goodbye who gave his shoulder a pat and then continued telling a couple of youngsters a story that they thought was much funnier than it really was. The Pope met him halfway as he made his way out of the place. He patted him on the back and reminded him that he had an apartment set up for him. Ivan thanked him and pushed open the door that led to the alley beyond when The Pope called out to him.
“Oh I almost forgot. Make sure you come by Rumors tomorrow. We have some business to discuss with you.” The Pope grabbed at his handkerchief and caught a cough as he turned away. Ivan couldn’t help but grimace at the sound it made before he nodded his head and walked outside.
Eddie was waiting for him, door open.
“I guess we have a deal?” Ivan said as he climbed into the back of the Lincoln.
“Would seem so, sir.” Eddie smiled and shut the door behind Ivan.
Chapter 3

The Pope watched Ivan go, put his rag into his pocket and shuffled on over to Don Ciancetta who drifted to a small hallway with him.
“What do you think?”  The Don mopped his forehead with a red napkin from one of the tables.  He was in rare form earlier, cracking up the rank and file.
“I think he is with us and so does that suspicious little bastard Tom. I was a little wary at first, too. The timing with the feds and his release, big fucking red flag if I ever saw one. But to be honest, this was his release date, give or take a couple months, from the very beginning.”
“I agree. I didn’t get a sense that the man was nervous.” Don Ciancetta gave a half-laugh and said, “A little pissed off maybe, but not nervous. I thought he was gonna lay one right on little Tom.”
The Pope smiled and imagined him knocking the little man across the room. But he knew Tom better than that. “Well, he would have had to knock him out or else he might have a little whirlwind of fighting Irish jumping up and down his spine.”
The Pope moved in closer to the Don, bringing his lips only a few inches from the man’s ear. “We have another problem to discuss. Let’s go for a walk.”
The Don’s cheeks tightened. “How ‘bout a drive? Nuncio’s right over there.”
“Not a drive Leo. A walk. The car isn’t safe. You know that. We won’t go far, just a little stroll. In fact, might be a good idea to have Nuncio walk with us, a few feet behind though.”
The Don kept the wrinkles in his face but waved Nuncio over from the bar anyway. “Stay behind us Nuncio. We’re going for a walk.”
Once outside, The Pope couldn’t help but breathe in the crisp autumn air. Trees were turning every shade of blood red, and crimson. They were equal part squash yellow and thirty degrees of brown. The odd maple leaf drifted along the sidewalk in plum purple and the wind off of Lake Erie cut across the warmth of the sunlight, bringing the temperature a tad below heaven.
They walked along and The Pope saw the Don grin as he gazed at the blue sky that was swiftly dissolving into a scattershot of colors that mixed and bled with the swirling leaves that carpeted their path. Nuncio walked in step with them about twenty paces back.
“Sorry Leo, but I don’t aim to give the feds a fucking inch. Good chance they had ears on that party today.”
“Yea. I know.” The Don fumbled in his coat looking for a cigar. The Pope had seen the routine a thousand times.
The Pope stopped walking and faced the Don. The big man took his cue and stopped walking too. “Rafael Rontego is gone.”
Don Ciancetta withdrew his hand minus the cigar. “What the fuck do you mean he’s gone?”
“I got a phone call from old Salvatore. He’s gone and a bunch of feds raided the room. So now we know for sure. It is the feds.” The Pope could see that Don Ciancetta was agitated. The vein on his head was starting to bulge out in an unhealthy way. “Now before you go nuts, from what I can tell, they missed him. The feds, I mean.”
“How the fuck are you sure?” The Don leaned back against a cement wall that kept the dirt stable under a house on the corner of the avenue.
“Salvatore said the feds asked for a surveillance video of the property and were pissed off because they just missed ‘the target’.” The Pope felt a cough coming on and clutched at the rag in his pocket just in case. “There’s more though. Sal didn’t give them everything.  Apparently he had a hidden camera on the floor that caught some disturbing shit. Some crew grabbed Rafael out of his hotel room a few hours before the feds got there.”
The Don just stared at him. For a moment The Pope thought the big guy might lash out at him and strike him. But he didn’t. “Who? Why?” He said it with that poker voice of his that made The Pope instantly leery.
“I don’t know who or why yet. But I don’t think I need to spell out the implications. In either scenario.” The cough verily leapt from his throat and he almost caught his friend in the crossfire. His eyes teared up again and he caught that same look in Don Ciancetta’s face.
Pity.
“No. You don’t need to spell it out. We gotta get Rafael before the feds do.”
The Pope nodded his head as he straightened his body from the blow the cough had given him in the gut. “The only question is, are we doing it to save him or are we doing it to eliminate loose ends?”
The Don gave him a look he knew not to question.
“Agreed. Who do you want on it?”
Fuck.
He agreed with him, but it didn’t mean he liked it.
“Put the Russian on it. He could stand to knock a little rust off.” The Don lit his cigar with a violent puff that clawed its way out of the vice-like grip his teeth put on the end of the cigar. “Besides he knows him best, some would say.”
“Some would say.” The Pope leaned back against the cement wall next to Don Ciancetta.  “It’s pretty isn’t it?”
“What is?” The big man puffed on the end of his cigar, the sweet aroma filling the air.
“The calm before the storm.”
The Don lifted an eyebrow but The Pope paid him no attention. A Blue Jay fluttered past and alighted on the branch of an elm planted into the sidewalk, its roots reaching and spreading under a storm drain. It rested there a moment when a motorcycle nearby picked up speed, revving the engine in a way that made The Pope wish he had a long stick to put in the bike’s spoke. It wouldn’t have mattered though, the motorcycle was half a block away now, and the Blue Jay was winging its way further down the block to a less noisy locale.
The Pope took a rare phlegm-free breath and pushed off of the ledge. He walked past the Don and back towards Chef’s.
“Where you going?” The Don yelled after him.
Without looking back The Pope yelled over his shoulder, “To make some calls.”

*

Kira nearly fell, face first, into her biology book.  Her arm slipped off the desk as she dozed, sending the momentum of her body downward.  She barely caught herself and the print of the book loomed large before her.  She straightened up as a boy in the seat behind her snickered.  Wiping the sleep from her eyes she shot the youth a glance filled with knives over her shoulder.
“Shut the fuck up Bobby.” She kept her voice low so her douche-bag science teacher wouldn’t hassle her. She was pretty sure she had seen him glancing inappropriately at her earlier and she was in no mood to be toyed with.
“I would if you didn’t look so retarded, almost knocking your head through your desk.”  He snickered again and Kira felt her spine tingle with the irritation.
Kira turned fully back around as Mr. Douche-bag took a step towards them and away from the door carrying a piece of chalk as a weapon.
“You two have a question about the assignment?”  He was talking to the both of them but again Kira felt his eyes on her and she crossed her arms in front of her chest.
“No sir.” Bobby said.
Bobby was a bright-eyed youth. He always took in everything that happened around him and had an annoying habit of voicing his opinion on everything as if anyone cared. Kira thought he might even be handsome if he didn’t wear that shit-eating superiority complex on his face like a badge of honor.
And if he got a haircut.
Kira didn’t like it when guys had hair longer than her.  She blew her own hair out of her eyes as she tried to refocus on the lesson. It was no good though, she had other things on her mind.
Besides, who has an actual lesson on the first day of school?  Oh yeah, Mr. Douche-bag that’s who.
Mercifully, the bell rang and Kira jumped up, grabbing her bag and book without putting it away. She rushed out of the room avoiding the throng.  The other kids were rushing too, jockeying to be the first ones in line for lunch. Kira had other plans though and picked her way to an outside table as far from the lunchroom as possible. She spied Gina walking towards her down the hall and looked at the floor as she tried to hustle past.
It was no good.
 “Hey Kira!” The blonde strolled up keeping pace with Kira as she walked away from the crowd.
“Hey Gina.  Aren’t you grabbing lunch?”
“I brown bagged it today,” she said, bringing up a brown paper bag that had escaped Kira’s attention.
“Oh. Right.” Kira said without breaking stride.
“Where you eating?”  Gina asked, speeding up her little legs and following Kira from the hall and outside.
“I’m gonna eat outside, you don’t have to if you don’t want. I know it gets hot.”
“Oh no, its fine. I was thinking I needed some fresh air.” Gina readjusted her monstrous backpack and tossed Kira a casual smile.
For the love of Christ.
Kira smiled back. One person wasn’t so bad. She could still spend half her time thinking.
She found herself nearly knocked into the lockers by the exit doors as someone shoved her and Gina to the side.
“Hello ladies,” someone said in a singsong voice.
“Damn it Bobby. Why are you such a prick?” Kira walked in front of him and out the doors. A circular cement table rested about a dozen paces from the doorway and she made for it in a straight line, Gina in tow.
Bobby raised his eyebrows and put a hand over his chest.  “That hurts Kira.  I come up to eat lunch with you girls and you insult me. Very nice.” He smiled and sat down next to them.
He was a tall kid, but the jacket he wore still found a way to come over his knuckles as he sat down, one leg up with his knee elevated. He pulled an apple out of his black jacket and rubbed it on his jeans after breathing on it with an annoying huff.
She caught Gina looking at him with an odd expression. Her eyes seemed to be made of glass and she had a goofy grin plastered on her face. Gina must have felt her looking because her eyes shifted and met Kira’s. A pink hue crept onto her cheeks and she looked into her paper bag as if it were a thousand leagues deep.
Kira rolled her eyes.
“Why do you always wear that ugly jacket?” she asked.
“Why do you always look like you’re pissed off?” He shot her a half a sneer that said, “Fuck you too.”
She returned the look with a mocking grin and said, “Because I am.”
Gina fidgeted and pulled a yogurt out of her bag. “I can’t believe this is our last year here.”
Kira and Bobby stared at each other, eyes locked in a death grip, ignoring Gina’s pitiful plea to change the subject. Still refusing to blink or look away, Bobby bit into his apple with a crunch and began chewing with his mouth open.
A buzzing began to pulse out from Kira’s bag and she reached into it, also refusing to look away.  She pressed the talk button and held it to her ear.
“Hello.”
“Get somewhere private and give me a call.”
Then the call was ended abruptly.
Kira stood up, breaking the blinking contest and rushed away. 
“I win!”  Bobby called after her.
She ignored him. Her heart was spinning circles in her stomach. When she was a few feet away she looked at her recently dialed numbers and called the most recent one back.
After a ring she heard it pick up.
“Hello child. Are you alone?”
“Yes Uncle.” Kira tried to keep her voice steady.
“I know it is unusual for me to contact you but this requires our immediate attention. No sooner than I had transferred your share of the money, I received a call from our friends. The employers.” He paused on the other line. His usually cracked and weary voice seemed to be rejuvenated and he seemed fully alert.
“Why?” A bevy of thoughts rushed through her mind. Had she fucked something up? Why would they call us? The terms were clear.
“They were impressed. So they say. And want to meet you.” Again the pregnant pause.
“Absolutely not. I don’t meet anyone. You know that.” She frowned, thinking of the implications.
“Usually I agree with you. But they are willing to double the fee. I thought it might be worth bringing to your attention. Apparently the client wants to rehire you but is concerned about getting into bed with someone they know so little about.”
Kira sat down over a retention drain at the end of the school grounds, hanging her feet over its ledge. “I like that they don’t know shit about me.”
“Agreed child.  So want me to go back and tell them they can fuck themselves?”
She reached into her bag and felt around its bottom for the familiar object underneath the clutter.  She found it and clutched it into her palm.
“You think these guys will lead to repeat business?” Kira racked her brain to find the wise course.
He would have known what to do.
“Yes. The others have made a living working for one client at a time.  But this is up to you.  There are other clients.” She heard Uncle Dick shuffling through some papers on the other end of the line.
“Where do they want to meet?” She pulled her hand out of the bag and rolled the object between her hands.
“I think we should pick the place and the time. And Kira?”
“Yes Uncle?”
“I want to go with you so there are eyes on you.”
“Thanks. Most definitely. Let’s do something crowded where they can’t make you.” She knew he would have a spot in mind.
“The Galleria Mall. The fountain at five.” He was ready with an answer even quicker than she expected.
“I’ll be wearing a Yankee hat and glasses.  Have them wire the money to be transferred once we meet. You can set it up so my iPhone gets an alert like last time, right?” She loved the idea of more money. As far as she was concerned mowing lawns and baby sitting was for suckers.
“Of-fucking course I can.”
Kira smiled. “The second we meet, transfer the money from their holding account. If you can’t transfer for any reason, send that text instead.”
They were both silent for a long moment. Finally Uncle Dick broke the quiet. “Okay then. We’re a go. I’ll inform them.”
“Very well.” She nearly clicked the phone off but asked hurriedly instead, “What will you be wearing?”
“You will know me child. But they will not. See you at the fountain at five. Though, be early. So we can see what’s coming.”
“Okay. Good-bye Uncle”.
“Don’t fucking call me that.” He hung up the phone without saying goodbye in return but Kira smiled anyway. The old man was nothing if not predictable.
I am prepared. I have been trained for moments like these.
She took a moment to collect her thoughts and then looked down into her palm. The carved chess piece fit snug in her hand.  She rolled her fingers along its crafted curves feeling the pawn’s outline.
She tossed the pawn back into her bag where it rolled around for a moment before coming to rest against a Baby Browning Featherweight .25 caliber pistol.
Chapter 4

Sydney Price pulled up to the address listed in her file.  As she brought her Ford Escape to a stop along the gutter that lined the street, she glanced at the quaint two-story brick home.  The lawn was well tended and a few small lilac clusters adorned a line of trimmed plants in a re-bloom for the autumn season.  A single oak tree sprung from the center of the yard but it was obviously a new tree standing just taller than Sydney.
She scooped up her file and got out of the car to make her way up the driveway and towards the home.  She caught her reflection in the mirror though and realized how unprofessional she looked in gym shorts and a t-shirt covered by a thin jumper.  Her dark hair was jutting out in about eight different directions and she felt compelled to grab a band from around her wrist and pull her frizzy mane back into a ponytail.
I look like shit.
After giving herself one more look she walked up the drive.  She hoped he couldn’t tell that she had been crying a few minutes earlier.  But he was a detective, so small hope there. She felt around her eyes with her fingers, feeling the puffy skin.  That always happened.
Figures.
Sydney passed a small solitary bay window and then she was in front of the red door that marked the entrance to the Vaughn household.  She took a deep breath and knocked on the door.
Bap Bap Bap
While she waited she glanced at the black and white photo of Alex Vaughn, paper clipped to the front of her file.  His hair was dark and slicked back and he resembled a ruthless gangster.  His eyes looked devoid of emotion and he appeared fairly gaunt.  Dark circles rimmed his eyes.
The man who answered didn’t resemble the photograph at all.  He had two days worth of growth on his face that ran down the top of his neck in a perfectly even pattern.  His hair was brown and hung just above his shoulders.  
“Can I help you?” he asked as he opened the door.
A little girl with auburn hair ran shrieking across the living room behind him, with what appeared to be her mother chasing her with a stuffed animal of some sort.  The toddler was running with the wobbling legs of inexperience.  Alex looked back at her and smiled, then turned back and looked at Sydney.  She had her badge out now and flipped it open while she identified herself.
“I’m Sydney Price, Special Agent in Charge, Buffalo field ops, F.B.I.”
Alex’s brown eyes were shining with a dance of laughter from whatever happened moments before she arrived.  But in the slow blink of his eye, the laughter vanished.
“Criminal Division, I take it?”  He took a step towards her on the doorstep and pulled the door closed behind him, obviously wanting to keep the conversation private.
“Criminal Division.”  Sydney confirmed.  “Special emphasis on organized crime.”
Alex leaned forward looking at her badge, his brown eyes locked onto hers, “Well Agent…Price.  Then I’m sorry you wasted your time coming out here, but I made my statement already.  Six months ago.  I’m a private citizen now, a civilian.”
He turned around to go inside, his hand on the doorknob.  Sydney’s ears went warm and her heart skipped a beat. She knew she had to talk fast.
“Just listen, Alex.”  She barely got the words past her lips when he swung back around and stepped so close to her that their noses almost touched.  He was looking somewhere beyond her shoulder, refusing to even look at her.
“No you listen.  I have a little girl.  You don’t know what’s out there.  All your training, all your briefing videos, your conference calls, didn’t prepare you for shit.  You’re inviting me to the dance and that’s fine.  But I’m not picking the devil as my tango partner.  Not this time.”  He gave a snort and turned around again.
“So I guess you don’t give a shit about justice then Vaughn.  You hung up your cleats and you don’t even care about the game anymore?”  Sydney watched his hand fall off the door handle.
For a second Alex just stood there facing the door, and when he spoke he still didn’t face her.  “It’s not a game Sydney.  That’s what I’m trying to tell you.  These guys killed my best friend.  A good cop.  And then a dirty cop ordered my execution and just before some jerk-off put a bullet through my teeth a guy I would have put away for life gave me mine back.  And another, he came into my home after I killed a man hoping it was him, and he took back his stuff and left me and my family alive.  But he could have just as easily killed us.  And I know he could have.” His voice sounded like it aged as he spoke.  It broke off in a trailing whisper by the end.
Sydney felt a twinge in her conscience but she had no choice.
I need this guy.
“Things get tough Alex.“  She paused trying to think of something, anything to say.  The only thing she could grasp was the quote from the Sullivans.  “But people like you and me, we stick together.”
He turned around again and faced her.  His eyes regained their twinkle but this time the edges of them creased downward and his lips tightened.
“You just don’t get it.  Maybe you never will.  There aren’t people like you and me.  Hell, I’m not even like you.  The things I’ve seen.  The things I’ve done.  Agent Price, there are just people.  Plain and simple.”  He placed his hand on her shoulder giving it a squeeze.  “The sooner you realize that, the easier your job will be.”
Sydney could tell that he was determined not to help her, at least for now.  She nodded her head.“Fine.  If you change your mind, if you decide you want to help us find out who would be able to kidnap the most lethal and undetectable assassin this division has seen in a generation, and more importantly why; if you decide that justice still means something and that your friend’s death mattered; come and find me.” She handed Alex her business card and stomped off his porch with out looking back.  His door slammed behind her.
The slam turned her and she stood staring at the door that divided her from the man she needed to help get a handle on exactly what was going down on the streets of Buffalo.  After a second, a squeal reverberated behind the door as the little girl in the house voiced her delight with something going on inside.  Despite herself, Sydney smiled.
Several thoughts jammed the funnel that allowed information into her brain, but one that made it through was of her father.  Even now, more than thirty years later, she could remember the ways he would make her squeal like that.  She closed her eyes to center herself and to push the thoughts away.
No time for that Syd. Pull yourself together.
She wheeled about and jogged lightly towards her Escape, bringing her cell phone out of the pocket of her jumper.  She flipped it and hit redial.
“Yo, it’s Briggs.  Have good news for me?”
Sydney climbed into the leather captain’s chair, threw the file on the passenger seat, and put the keys into the ignition.
“Not this time. It looks like Vaughn is going to be a slow burn, if at all.”
“Sometimes people gotta marinate a bit.”  Scott switched gears and Sydney knew it was something business related by the way his voice took on a solemn tone.  He only did that when it was important, the only problem was, Scott Briggs always thought whatever he had to say was important. “Sydney we did a field analysis of that Scotch.  It’s preliminary, but there is no doubt that there’s a foreign substance in that alcohol.  Legs isn’t proof positive yet, but it seems to be some sort of anesthetic.”
“Legs?  Damn it Scott, you can’t call her that. How many times have I told you?”  Sydney smiled but she would be damned if she let Scott know that she thought it humorous too.  She started her car and began to make her way towards the field office in downtown Buffalo.
Scott’s voice retreated a bit, but he said, “You’re right.  I mean Dr. Tolbert.”
“Lauren has more degrees than half the bureau.  Anyway, Dr. Tolbert says there is a foreign agent in the Scotch, so we know how Rontego was taken without a fight.  The questions are why?  And by who?  I want to see every person who went to that floor during the gap when we knew he was there and when he disappeared.  Play the film fifty times if you have to.”  Sydney weaved around a car that decided to play it safe and drive ten miles per hour.
“Sure thing.  I have the nerds on it now and I’ll poke my head in too.  That might give us a face we can make but I’m not sure we are going to get more then that without some feet on the ground.”  Sydney gripped the wheel and just made a light that flipped red as she went under it.
“We’ll talk more in a minute.  I’ll be at the field office in ten.”  She hung up and let her mind wander down this new rabbit hole.  At first, she hoped that Rontego had just beaten the rush on the hotel room.  Maybe he made the agents before they entered the hotel.
We always knew he was elusive.
But the Scotch indicated otherwise.
Is it coincidence that he was taken just before our men went in?
Sydney shook her head as she drove.  She didn’t believe in coincidences.  Perhaps the Italians had heard about the Feds moving to seize the assassin.  They surely would want him dead.
If they wanted him dead they would have done it right there in the hotel.  They wouldn’t have moved him somewhere else.
No it couldn’t be the Italians.  But who could it be?
Sydney came to a stop just outside the commercial district of downtown Buffalo.  Brilliant skyscrapers peered down on her from their gloss finished windows that reflected Coca-Cola Field in the distance, home of minor league baseball’s Buffalo Bisons.  She ignored the sentinels of commercialism and grabbed her keys.
She jumped out of the car and slammed the door; then the realization hit her like she suddenly swallowed a can of pepper-spray.  She leaned against the hood of her Escape and tried to catch a breath but it fought her throat like a cat clinging to a bed sheet. Her heart took the cue and clawed at her stomach, leaving what felt like ulcer slices in her abdomen.  She grimaced with the pain and tried to ignore it, knowing the heartache was going to be much worse.
Fuck. Don’t let em know. Compose yourself.
She took a breath that steadied her weak knees and, file in hand, walked through the distressed old wooden door on the corner of Booth Aly and Washington Street.  They had their small ten-man operation running out of the second floor of a small brick building that housed a bar called Washington Lounge underneath.  The bar was nice enough, a hole in the wall to grab a drink, but it was a location that few suspected of housing FBI agents.
And who could blame em?
It lay right on the corner facing the minor league park, but behind it a rundown and dilapidated building clung to the earth in a slow sideways crawl.  The fire department shared the block and the music from the bar got intolerable at night, but her guys liked the location. A dozen eateries that boasted Buffalonian staples like roast beef on weck and the almighty Buffalo Wing along with a tasty dose of Aunt Rosie’s Loganberry to wash it down lay within easy walking distance.
In their stomachs, the place had everything you needed.
The walk up the flight of stairs behind a wall on the outside of the bar’s kitchen took Sydney longer than it usually did as she pushed her thoughts down to laces for the time being.
If her crew had an informer or a leak, then she had to be careful.  But she couldn’t act out of the norm or their dipshit might get wise to the fact she was onto something.  She grabbed the handle to an unmarked wooden door, looked into the camera angled down at her and flashed a smile.
There was a buzz on the other side of the door and it unlocked.
Sydney pushed her way into the familiar office.  From the outside it looked like it might be a two or three bedroom flat above the Washington Lounge, but once you entered the inside it looked anything but a place for civilians.  All the walls were knocked out, leaving a massive stretch of space where the previous tenants’ tiled floors were gutted and replaced with wood.  Six low and sleek metal desks lined the perimeter, leaving a long glass table in the middle of the room where Sydney held her briefings.  She could still remember the first time she had addressed her men.
They became her men the moment her old boss Peter Askearn had retired and she got the call to be temporary Agent in Charge.  It hadn’t been so temporary after all.  Fourteen months later she was given a vote of confidence and officially promoted by Operations Director of the Criminal Division, Randall Smith.  He might have resisted putting a female in charge, but a certain Congresswoman whispered in the right ears and Randall had given her a call.
“Special Agent Price, you’re in charge over there in Buffalo.”  His voice strained as he swallowed the humble pie and pretended not to notice.
“For good sir?”  He may have not wanted to give it to her, but she took it with both hands and she wasn’t prepared to let this asshole pry the job from her fingers.
“For good.  Buy a fucking coat.”
And then he hung up.
Sydney walked further into the room, realizing that the place was a bevy of activity.  Special Agents Michael Conrad and Craig Timms were shooting the shit in the corner where their two desks faced each other.  Timms had his feet up as usual and was flicking a rubber band at Conrad who still had his vest on from being in the field.  The two of them were exactly unremarkable in their features but could ably follow orders and it made them perfect for tailing suspects.
Except for today apparently.
The side room that was used as a lab had the door closed.
I guess Legs is busy.  Lauren.  Doctor Lauren Tolbert.
Sydney smiled but chided herself.  She did have long legs.  She had barely taken a step towards her office, the only other room in the building besides the bathroom, when Scott Briggs walked up to her side with a coffee in his hand. His dark eyes and short black hair matched his black T-shirt.  His vest was off and slung over his desk.
“Hey Syd.”  He didn’t break stride and handed her a flash drive as he walked.
“I see you really give a shit about doing that paper work I told you to take care of.”  Sydney said it a bit louder than she intended and she closed her eyes hoping to siphon the tension out through her eyelids.
Briggs raised an eyebrow and took a step back.  “What do you mean?”
Sydney pointed with the flash drive at the desk.  Briggs shrugged and changed the subject.  He was always going a hundred miles an hour.
“So that flash drive you have has video footage of the exits to Salvatore’s Grand Hotel.  It also has all the footage of the elevators and stairwells that lead up to the room where Rontego was staying.  Of course, Salvatore says the floor he stayed on just happened to have a faulty camera and so he doesn’t have anything useful for us in that regard.”
Sydney glanced at the flash drive.  “But we have the floors below and above?”
Briggs smiled.  “Yes ma’am we do.  And we have a time frame that is very narrow.”
“Excellent.  Run through this with Travis. Make sure you note anyone that came or went during that time.  If they didn’t get off at any of the floors above or below, then put them on the list, have Travis run facial recognition software for possible matches to suspects and maybe we can generate a lead on that.”
Sydney continued walking to her office and opened the door.  Briggs was still following her.
“Yes Briggs?”  She tossed her zip-up on the leather chair that faced the doorway behind a dark oak desk.
“You said we could revisit my request to get the boys on the street on this, too. We might be able to get some gossip about what’s going down.  If the Italians put a hit out on him, some of the neighborhood rats would know.”  He folded his hands in front of him and spread his feet to shoulder length.  Sydney knew Briggs well enough to know he was digging his heels in expecting her to fight him on this.  And she couldn’t blame him; she had wanted to keep the raid as close to the vest as possible.
But things had changed.
The boys on the street, the other four men she commanded were all undercover in various pockets of the city.  Two were infiltrating groups suspected of Muslim extremism and two others had so far unsuccessfully attempted a penetration of Ciancetta’s operations.  But their ears were close to the grapevine and they might have heard of some sort of movement if the Don had ordered it.
“Agreed.  Get the boys on it.  I want to know if Ciancetta so much as had a man whisper Rafael Rontego’s name and then I want to find out why.”
Sydney sighed and arched her back, stretching it.  The tension felt like it had curled up under her spine and was playing kickball with it.
She caught Briggs looking at her, but not like he used to.  His concern hung at the corners of his mouth, clinging to the frown that pulled his angular cheeks downward.
“What?” She unlocked her computer and looked at he picture of her father bouncing across the screen.
“Just worried for ya.  That’s all.  It’s a lot to put on yourself.  Resist the urge.”
She looked at him but couldn’t find any words.
Briggs, seeming to think she was angry, rose again and reached for the door in front of him.  “I’ll leave ya alone.  I know you probably need to be by yourself. Alone.”  He eased the door shut, keeping his eyes through the crack until the last second as the door came to a close.
Sydney immediately felt her hands begin to shake and she slumped down into her chair.
She whispered into the stillness that permeated her office, “The last thing I need is to be alone.”

*

Eddie let Ivan out of the car with his bag of new clothes and pulled away from the curb in front of a wrought iron sliding gate that hung gaping near the corner of Scott Street and Chicago Street, just inside Buffalo’s first ward.  The place had a standard wood sign in bold letters announcing it as a trendy place to live.  “The Lofts” were spitting distance from Interstate 190 and Ivan could smell the stale exhaust mingling with the fresh scent of autumn.  The apartments faced the backside of some building that had doors to enter the shops and drainage pipes angled towards gutters cluttered with various debris.  A pair of brick buildings sat at the end of the street and Ivan took in a deep breath, realizing that past the exhaust was the smell of home.
Ivan looked at the key The Pope gave him and saw the room number taped there. He didn’t know exactly where to go so he made his way towards a clubhouse in the back.  A lady walked her dog along the grass-line ringing the parking lot and Ivan thought she could smell Elmira Correctional on him by the way she crinkled her nose and turned away as he wound his way along the main strip where several low, two-story brown and white buildings stood sentinel alongside a scattering of trimmed maples that passed for landscaping.
Ivan passed by a pair of youths playing some basketball with their shirts off inside a caged court that was obviously a local amenity.  Another sat on the fence typing on what appeared to be a cell phone of some sort.  Ivan took it all in and stopped walking for a moment.  The kid on the phone turned and looked up at him.  His face was long and he had brown hair that looked like it might break if Ivan were to touch it.
“Wanna play?  Two on two?”
Ivan walked over and stood next to him, gripping the cage with his free hand and watching the two boys battle each other for position on the court.
“No not today.  I’ve had enough of basketball and cages to last a lifetime.”
The boy shrugged and went back to typing on his phone.
Ivan bounced off the cage after a moment and meandered the rest of the way to the clubhouse.  When he got there, the doors were locked, but there was a plastic bin hanging from the wall that had free maps of the property.
He found his place on the second floor of the building closest to the entrance so he made his way back towards the anterior.  He passed the courts again but the boy on the phone was gone and the basketball players leaned against the fence now, apparently taking a breather.
No one paid him any attention.
This is what’s out here.  This is freedom.
Everything felt the same as it did before he was put away.  The world marched on and Ivan went away from it unnoticed and practically returned to it unnoticed.
Where the fuck was that bastard?
He couldn’t believe he didn’t show up to his homecoming.  He didn’t expect much when he got out.  Frankly the apartment and the wad of cash was a nice touch.  Most guys didn’t even get that.  But why did he leave an envelope with the driver if he wasn’t even going to show up to the homecoming.
Ivan unlocked the deadbolt that guarded his new one bedroom, one bath flat.  The place was airy and immediately felt like a palace compared to “Forty-Eight” in Elmira.  Boys on the Hill called it that because of the six by eight feet dimensions.
Eleven years, three months, and seventeen days.
Tile stretched floor to floor and a small kitchen stood immediately beyond the entrance and led into a furnished living room with a single couch and a television.  Ivan spent a moment, marveling at the flat screen.  He walked to a doorway in the corner of the room.  It was a bedroom about twice the size of his old cell and it even had a tiny bathroom to the right of the door.
Again fully furnished.  For half a heartbeat Ivan felt paranoid.  His palms went sweaty and his stomach folded over itself.
What if they’re gonna wack me?
But just as quickly he shook his head.  It would have been easier to do it in prison.
Ivan kicked off his shoes and leaned back on the full sized bed.  It too was twice the size of the bunk he shared in cellblock 7A. He lay on the farthest left side of the bed, leaving three-fourths of the surface untouched.
Weary and alone.
When he went away he had a family.  When he went away he did it for a friend that was as close to him as his real family.  When he went away, promises had been made.
None of that remained now.
Ivan pulled out the faded photograph of Anika, his fingers traced an outline around her face but he stared only at her eyes.  The blue orbs laughed at him from a distant place, some distant time.  He closed his eyes and could almost feel her soft skin, the raised freckle on her right cheekbone.  The tiny photograph had been sealed in plastic for the last decade and it still smelled of smoke.  Most people would have thought the tiny rectangle had a stink to it, but to Ivan it reminded him of their apartment together.  The smoke reminded him of her.
“My Anika,” he whispered.  He pulled the picture to his chest and closed his eyes one more time; he remembered when she used to place her head in that very spot.
Eleven years, three months, and seventeen days.
The sun receded behind the rim of the world as Ivan lay there on his oversized mattress. Dusk crept up the walls of the bedroom and reached out a shaded finger as if to pull Ivan down into the blackness. It crawled weightlessly along his face, embracing him with shadowy tentacles that covered the whole of Ivan and the room in darkness.
He must have dozed off because he awoke with a start.
“Where is she,” he yelled.
But the room just mocked him with its black glare and a small buzzing sound.  He sucked in a breath as if he hadn’t pulled air through his lungs in days.  With a gasp, he sat up straight in the bed and gulped in oxygen.
The buzzing continued and finally Ivan stood up and tracked the source down in the living room.  On a small end table a tiny cell phone was impatiently berating Ivan with a buzzing noise that bounced the phone in small jumps along the wood.
Ivan picked up the phone; grateful the caller couldn’t see the confusion that creased his brow.
I don’t have a fucking cell phone.
“Hello?”  His voice graveled with sleep.
“Ivan, this is The Pope.  I need you to meet me at Morrissey’s.  Know it?” He sounded like he was in a car, the windows must have been down too because the wind seemed to whip through the phone, creating a bit of interference.
“No.  Never heard of it.”  Ivan rubbed his face, hoping to throw the sleep off it.
“Guess you wouldn’t.  It’s an Irish pub across from the HSBC arena, where the Sabres play.  It’s off of Mississippi Street.  Couple of blocks from where you are. I’ll be there in ten.” He was curt and his voice left little room for discussion.
“Okay.”  Ivan pulled the phone away from his ear and looked at it.  The thing was so small.  Phones changed a lot over the last decade.  He rifled through his new clothes and pulled out a black hoodie that zipped up to his neck, and shoved the cell into his pocket along with his keys. He grabbed the picture of Anika from his bed and put it carefully back into his wallet.  Then without looking around, he walked out of the apartment and started making his way towards Morrissey’s.
The walk was a nice one, the air crisp as autumn beat back the Lake Erie breeze.  Dusk had now descended upon the whole of the city and the trees that were so colorful during the day stood as long-armed silhouettes standing guard along the city streets.  They whispered names as Ivan rushed past them, their leaves rustling through his conscience.
Ivan pulled the hood over his head and kept his head down, avoiding their knowing gazes as he scrambled westward along Scott Street and hung a left on Michigan Avenue.  He could see the lights of the arena in the distance when he poked his head up and turned west again on Perry Street.  A couple walked past him arm in arm, laughing about some private joke and Ivan wondered what the fuck was funny.  He cut another left onto Mississippi Avenue and found the bar about halfway down the block.
Warm lights blazed from the windows and gold lettering announced the place as Morrissey’s Irish Pub.  An American flag hung from the center of the building over a wooden deck that lined the front and Irish flags hung from the corners of the building, incessantly prattling about in the wind.  The place had a few patrons milling about, but it was clearly too early for the evening crowds.
He slid inside the door and was greeted by rich tiled floors and a cherry wood bar that stood in front of a big Irish flag and a blood red wall.  The Pope was sitting by himself at the bar and a couple of guys in their mid-twenties sat at a table in the far corner.  One had the beginnings of a mustache while the other threw back a shot, nearly tossing his black golf cap from his head.
The Pope turned in his stool and waved Ivan over with a smile.
“Joe, two glasses of scotch.”
Joe, a thick-shouldered man with a thicker mustache turned to grab the drinks at the far end of the bar.
Ivan sat down next to The Pope. He glanced at the consigliore and then back at the two kids who seemed to be whispering something funny, because they both snickered and returned to their cups.
“How do you like the apartment?  Suitable?”  The Pope glanced over at Ivan as if attempting to read his face.
What does he want to hear? He didn’t call me out here to make sure I was fucking comfortable.
“It’s great.  Feels like a palace compared to 7A on The Hill.”  He glanced at his fingers beneath his furrowed brow and then looked up at The Pope who nodded his head and seemed to be looking at a mirror on the red wall behind the bar.  Ivan saw the youths in the back of the bar in the reflection of the three-foot pane of glass.
The Pope started to cough a bit, but stifled it with his rag and, eyes watering, asked, “And the cell phone?  I figured you could use one.”
“It’s great.”  Ivan sighed and turned on his stool.  He leaned in closer to The Pope, barely raising his voice above a whisper.  “All due respect, what do you want?  You didn’t call me out here to discuss my fucking comfort.  No one gave a shit about it when I packed my bags and went to Elmira.  No one gave a shit about it when my wife was gobbling up pills that were probably pushed by our guys on the street, and no one sure as hell gives a fuck right now.  So again, with all due respect Mr. Biela, what do you want?”
Joe picked that moment to set down two glasses of triple distilled scotch between the two men.  The Pope, never taking his eyes off of Ivan, began to take out his wallet, but Joe waved him off.
“Your money’s no good here.  These are on the house.”  He flashed a tight smile and shuffled off towards the end of the bar.  Barkeeps have a sixth sense for tension.  But he needn’t have worried.
The Pope took a sip of his drink and turned an amused eye on Ivan. “Still all business after all these years, eh? That’s okay.  Grab your drink and let’s walk.”  He stood up and walked out of the place with out even so much as looking back to see if Ivan was following.
But of course I’m following.  What the fuck else am I gonna do?  From a jail cell to a leash. Damn it.
They walked out of the bar and The Pope walked towards the edge of the establishment.  The parking lot was nearly vacant at this hour, and the night sky seemed to shroud them for the whispers that came from The Pope’s mouth.
“Ivan, I know you don’t think anyone gives a shit about you when you go away.  But the fact of the matter is we can’t.  How can we?”  He waited for a moment and when he saw that Ivan was content to sip his scotch and stare across the lot, he continued.  “But the big man is very proud of you.  His respect for you runs deep.”
Ivan looked him in the eye and said, “I appreciate the money.”
The Pope chuckled.  “You think I’m here for a thank you?  I’m here to tell you that we have a way in for you.”
The Russian glared at The Pope, his eyes narrowing with suspicion.  “What do you mean in?”
“We can make you.”  The Pope pulled up against the deck rail and turned. He coughed again, but took a swallow, driving the tickle back into his toes with a dose of premium scotch.
“Fuck you.  I’m not Italian.”  Ivan took another swallow.
“You stupid fucking Russian.  I’m not Italian either.  But the boss is running his shit more like The Outfit these days.  Our manpower took a serious fucking hit in case you didn’t hear.  We’re bringing in a boatload of fucking Sicilians just to try and get traction here.  If he knows he can trust you, which he feels he can, he’s prepared to give you part of Ward One.”
“Ward One.”  He looked into his scotch.  He drank it quicker than he thought he might.
“Ward One,” The Pope repeated.  “Lackawanna.  From the coast and the Skyway to I-90.  From Park Avenue south to maybe Camp Rd.”
“No shit.”  Ivan felt his breath hitch.  “That’s some fucking territory. And my crew?”
The Pope waved him off.  “For the small time stuff that’s up to you.  But we have a few boys we’ll want you to take.  A couple of the Sicilians, Ricky Vincenzio maybe.  Point is we need to recruit workers.  Soldiers.  But we have to be careful while we do it.  Things get hot around here pretty fast.”
Ivan chuckled.  The tension seemed to fall off of him.
If I could get made, be a made man, I’d get to call some shots around here. But what do they want from me to get that carrot?
He felt the smile run from his lips, and The Pope seemed to notice it too.  He pulled his cheeks back in a tight clench and asked, “What?  What are you thinking?  Out with it.”
“What’s the price?”  The Russian studied the consigliore’s face and knew he was about to drop a bomb on him.  He tried to brace himself but nothing would have prepared him for the next words out of the man’s mouth.
“Rafael Rontego.”  It was his turn to be studied and the Polish bastard took his last sip of scotch and swallowed it with a grimace.
“You know what the fuck you just said to me?”  His voice came out higher than it should have but he didn’t fucking care.
Eleven years, three months, seventeen days.
Ivan felt his knuckles constrict on the glass.  But The Pope just slid along the rail and came closer to him, lowered his voice even more.
“I’m aware Mr. Nivsky.  Shit like this is never easy. But trust me when I say we have very good reasons.  This comes straight from the top.  I don’t like it any more than you do, but the fact is he has become an immediate liability.”  The Pope leaned away and coughed again.  Ivan watched him as he covered his mouth with the rag from his pocket, but he didn’t really give a fuck.  The fact of the matter was that if this man wasn’t the Don’s right hand then he’d already be dead for even suggesting he kill Rafael.
“You’re aware I just spent eleven years in prison, on the Hill, because I kept my mouth shut for this man?  He’s like my own blood.”  Ivan heard the tremble in his voice as he tried to swallow his mounting rage and pride.
The Pope recovered from his cough and a bead of sweat rested on the tip of his nose, but he wiped it away with a twitch of his hand and the back of his sleeve.  He took the same hand and grabbed the back of Ivan’s head, pulling him so close he could smell the scotch permeating his flesh.  This close, Ivan could see the pall that hung on The Pope’s face.  A slight shade of yellow ate across the pale and nearly feverish skin.  He tried to pull away but the consigliore had a stronger grip than his weakened frame might suggest.  His grip was like a rigor mortis clench that kept the larger man at bay.
This one is already dead.  I wonder if he knows it.
When he spoke his voice slipped through his thin lips with a crack, his throat torn from the hard spittle that forced its way up and out.  “We’re all family.  That’s the oath you want.  Well, your family is telling you what needs to be done.” He let go of his head and Ivan snapped back and away from The Pope.  “You never turn your back on family Ivan.”
They began a slow walk down the wooden steps and around the parking lot.  The Pope was wary of ears.
What about when the family turns its back on you?
The Pope continued talking but Ivan was barely listening.  His mind was kicking his brains around, trying to find a way out of this mess.  It wasn’t killing that bothered him.  That was what Rafael was training him for anyway.  But not this man.
“There’s a tape at Salvatore’s hotel.  I want you to take a look at it. It should help you know where to start.  Don’t take no for an answer either, that old man knows how to slip a vice if you catch my meaning.  I need you to move fast.  Time is the sensitive issue here.  There are other’s looking for Raf and if they get him first all hell will break loose.  I’m talking indictments from Ontario to New York City.”
Not this man.
“Everything we know is that someone took Rafael from a safe house we set up for him.  Poor bastard just couldn’t get gone and stay gone.  He was across the border but came back.  Guess you can’t teach an old dog new tricks.” The Pope shook his head.
“Why me?”  He couldn’t take his eyes off his shoes for some reason and he kept his hands in his pocket of his hoodie even though they were starting to sweat.
“Because he knows you and trusts you.  You know how these things work.”
Ivan nodded his head again.  “He didn’t come today.  To the party.  Even though he sent cash with the driver.”
“That’s cuz these fucks took him and forced our hand on this.  But to be fair it’s better those fucks, whoever they are, then the Feds.  I wonder if the Feds know how many death warrants they’ve signed by doing that pig shit they call a job.”  The Pope stopped walking and looked away.  His eyes seemed to be searching the trees that lined the lot.
A look passed between them and Ivan slowly nodded his head but his heart tried to reach up and strangle him from the inside out.
He let out a sigh, hoping his murderous heart would run out of his throat, but it stayed.  He knew what the rules were when he stepped onto the devils merry-go-round.  He thought about leaving the meeting, finding Rafael and warning him.  You couldn’t kill a man if you couldn’t find him could you?
And then he said it, and everything changed.
“You do this for us and you’ll get everything we promised.  You do this for us and we’ll tell you where to find her.”
They know where she is.  They know. They know. They know.
“You better not be fucking with me.”  Ivan looked down and saw he had grabbed the man by the arm.  The Pope took his hand and placed it on Ivan’s instead of peeling it back like he expected.
“I wouldn’t fuck with you about this, Ivan.  I know how important she is to you.  I know how important family is to you.”
Chapter 5

The Pope pulled his hand away slowly, letting his gaze drop from Ivan’s.  His phone was humming in his pocket.  It was Tom Coughlin’s number. Though he never saved any names in his phone, he recognized the digits.
Got one at the magic show. It’s a sputnik.
He put the phone in his pocket and looked at Ivan, who gazed off into the distance with his eyebrows crushed together with the anvil The Pope had just lofted at him.  It was a lot for someone to digest, especially someone like the Russian who spent the last eleven years in the can.
Unfortunately, the organization didn’t have the luxury of time and he meant to make that point very clear.  “Ivan.”
The man didn’t turn to look at him; he gazed into the darkness at some spot that eluded that consigliore.  “Ivan.”  He said it more forcefully this time and brought the man out of the trance that had washed over him. “Time is in short supply.  I really am sorry that all of this is being thrown on you.  Especially you, and especially so soon.  But we need you now.”
The Russian stood up and faced him. The Pope tried to read his face but the man seemed resigned to the idea.
That or he hasn’t digested it. Either way, it doesn’t matter.
“Come with me, we have business to attend to.”
The Pope walked away from Ivan who walked in slow motion behind him.  Nuncio was parked alongside the lot with the window down.  He looked at The Pope through the side mirror of the black Town Car.  When he saw his employer flick his wrist in a quick wave, he started the engine and began to swing the car around.  The Pope felt the Russian walk up to his side as they waited for Nuncio to complete his circle.  The air hung heavily between them and for a moment The Pope felt his gut twinge.
It’s too soon.  We can’t be sure of the man.
Ivan seemed to register a look that passed over him because he finally spoke.  “To be made.  For the territory.  For the respect.  But mostly for her.  I will do this thing for her.  And then you’ll know.”  His voice seemed to pull heavy from his throat, as if the words were foreign to him.
“Know what?”  The Pope arched an eyebrow from above his hand, which he defensively held over his mouth, the tickle threatening to claw his Adam’s apple from his throat again.
“That I’m a man the family can trust.”  He pulled a small square from his pocket and began to twirl it in his fingers.  The Pope tried to catch a glimpse of it, but it seemed to be some sort of photograph, a small wallet sized blur of color as the creased rectangle flipped carefully through the man’s oversized fingers.
The Pope nodded as Nuncio opened the car door for them.  He waved Ivan inside and after he slid across the leather climbed in after him.
Nuncio returned to the wheel and asked with his marinara accent, “Where to?  Home?”
“Not yet, my friend.  Take us to the magic show.”  He caught his driver’s eye as he glanced back with alarm through the rearview mirror.  The Pope merely looked down at his hands, revealing as little as possible.  Nuncio was no novice to his boss’ habits and started off in the direction he indicated.
The car hummed as the pulled out of the lot and headed towards I-190.  The Pope knew that from there they would hop on I-90 and head into Cheektowaga. He had made this trip a half dozen times in his career and each time was as unpleasant as the last.
Ivan was curiously quiet during the drive.  He looked out of the window and seemed to be watching the streetlights fly by in streaks of burnt yellow, their light reflecting off of the green and blue signs that led them through the city.  When they pulled off of the interstate, they took Union Road to George Urban Blvd.  After a few seconds, Nuncio slowed down and the eerie quiet of the night seemed to descend on the car.
They passed through an opening of a rollaway chain link fence armed with curls of barbed wire. A small guardhouse was curiously vacant as they rumbled through, the stench of the area wafting through the air-conditioning vents.
“Christ Nuncio, put the air on recycle.  I’m gonna vomit back here.  My lungs are shit enough.”  The Pope covered his face with his rag, waiting for the cool air to diffuse the putrid smell permeating the vehicle.
“The dump?” Ivan questioned, alarm in his voice. The Pope looked over at him from behind his rag. The Russian’s knuckles were white as they clenched the car door.  A small sheen of sweat glistened on his forehead from the dim lights that hung on rusted lampposts intermittently dispersed among the mounds of trash and debris that stood as mountainous testaments to the waste of man.
“Relax.”  The Pope smiled behind his rag.  It was good the man should have a healthy dose of fear.  It meant that living was important to him.  If living were important, he would try hard to succeed. “We have a potential lead here.”
As they rounded a bend in the heaps of refuse, a pair of lights beamed outward in dusty yellow lasers that cast a pale glow on a curious scene.
Tom Coughlin was waving them over, and Nuncio brought the Town Car to a halt, leaving an extra pair of lights on the men in the junkyard.  Jimmy Jacks had clearly just planted a fist in the face of man with little fight left in him.  His arms were bound behind his back and his face dripped rivers of blood from his nose and under one of his eyes.  A flap of skin hung lazily from the cheekbone it used to call home.
The man fell forward in the dust, his blood eagerly gobbling up the dirt that turned to mud upon contact.  Jimmy walked over, waving his hand back and forth, trying to throw the pain from his knuckles.
Not too bright, but Jimmy is a doer.
Jimmy Jacks flashed a grin to the men as they came up.  He forgot about the pain in his hand as well as the man lying in the dirt a few paces away from the foursome.  Tom Coughlin on the other hand kept glancing back at the man as if he were going to break loose from the ties around his wrists and strangle them with the bits of rope.  The Pope glanced over at Ivan who seemed to be standing a bit away from the rest of them.  A firefly buzzed around a hand the Russian had outstretched in front of his body.  The bug, its ass aflame, rested on his palm for a moment and the light went out.  Ivan gave a sideways grin to no one in particular, and shook the insect from his hand.
“What’s up with him?”  The Pope indicated the prone man with a nod of his head.
Jimmy, still clutching his hand explained, “So this sputnik gives me a call…”
Tom coughed and Jimmy stopped mid sentence, turned his head to Tom with his mouth open as if to ask, “What?”  But Tom nodded his head at Ivan and Jimmy understood.
“I’m sorry, this guy, comes in to Anchor’s where Tom and me was in the back room counting.  He says he knows where we can find our guy.  So Tom says to him, “What guy?”
“What fucking guy?” Tom Coughlin corrected.
Jimmy looked at the Irishman but otherwise continued with out missing a beat.  “And he says the Angelo Della Morte.” He stopped talking and stared at The Pope, his usually smiling face pulled tight.
“The Angel of Death.”  The Pope looked over Jimmy’s shoulder to get a better look at the man who moaned and let out a loud breath of air but otherwise didn’t move.
“Right.  The mother-fucking Angel of Death.  Now there are only a few people who call Raf that and one of them I personally saw die in a cellar.  That leaves the other Italians.  You know who I’m talking about.”
The Pope slowly shook his head and stared off into the night, huddling in anger on the outside of their little circle of light.
“The Bonannos.” Rafael Rontego earned the nickname from Carmine Galante, a Bonanno boss who was eventually wacked himself.
“Yep.  Only thing is I wanted confirmation.  But this prick is going on about some Russians being the ones that did it.” Jimmy took a step back as if composing himself.
“That doesn’t make sense.”  Ivan walked closer to the circle. “The Russians in this area have never been strong and would have no desire to make a move on Italian turf.  Unless things really changed around here it doesn’t fucking make sense.”
“That’s what I thought.  That’s why we’re here now.”  Jimmy showed them his bruised and blood splattered fist.  “I must have planted more then twenty hits on this guy and he still says its Russians.  Half of what this sputnik says sounds Russian even when he tries to speak English and even that was before I broke his teeth.”
“I broke his teeth, you broke his cheek.”  Tom Coughlin showed his knuckles and they looked like someone bit a chunk of skin off of his left hand.
“We broke his teeth.”  Jimmy compromised.
The Pope began to cough at that moment and he brought his rag out to shield everyone from the sight.  In between coughs he managed to get out, “I don’t give a fuck who broke his teeth.  Ivan, see if what the man says is true.  Jimmy, what the fuck is his name?”
“That’s Pavel.”
“That’s Vel? The loan shark? Christ, you really worked him over.”  The Pope clutched his handkerchief and looked into the light trying to get a better look.  Ivan was halfway to him and cutting across one of the car’s headlights when The Pope called out.  “Ivan?”
“Yes?”  The man’s muscles were tense.  His prison-fed frame looked like an apparition standing half in light and half in dark.
“Get what we need and then do what needs to be done.  Jimmy will give you a ride home.”  The Russian nodded his head and turned towards the man still prone on the dusty patch of ground.  “Nuncio, let’s go.”
The driver held open his door and shut it behind him.  A moment later and Nuncio was turning the car key and firing up the engine.  As he swung a circle to pull away from the scene, The Pope saw Ivan crouching on the balls of his feet, lifting Pavel’s head with both of his hands.
“Welcome back, Ivan.”  The Pope folded his lips over his teeth as he watched Jimmy and Tom walk towards Ivan and the small area of remaining light.
“Home, sir?”  Nuncio was pulling out of the junkyard and a decision needed to be made.
“Yeah.  Take me home.”  The Pope reached for a small bottle of scotch that he kept stored in a side compartment of the Town Car.  He poured some of it into a glass as he took turns thinking of Pavel.  The man always had a smile on his face even when he was beating up a poor schmuck who didn’t pay back their loan on time.  Always a smile.
But not anymore. Unlucky fucker.
In the past they might have paid him for the information.  But a few wrong words and bad timing and now there was no way that man was going to be able to walk out of that junk yard.  The Pope had no doubt that Pavel was telling the truth.  Russians must have taken Rafael Rontego.  No one could take the beating Jimmy had given him and still hold onto the lie.  Ivan taking a turn on the man was just a formality.
How would he know to use the term Angel of Death?
Jimmy was right.  Only a few people knew Rafael by that name.  One was Aldo Marano and his body was no longer fully assembled thanks to Jimmy Jacks and Tom Coughlin ending that war in one massive stroke.  Another was Muro Lucano and Rafael Rontego executed him during the same war. The other was long since retired.  That left the Bonanno old-timers that might have heard the name from Carmine Galante.  But even then, it didn’t add up.  Another cough racked The Pope and elicited a concerned glance through the rearview from Nuncio. He waved off the driver with a hand and wiped the tears from his eyes.
That one hurt.
“Did you hear about what happened at the Galleria Mall today?” Nuncio asked.
“No, what happened?”  The Pope didn’t really care and he closed his eyes.
“Some nut job blew himself up or something.  Killed a lot of people.”  The driver shook his head. “The world is mad.”
He flicked his eyes open. “Jesus Christ.  Right here in Buffalo? Mother Mary and Joseph.”  His eyelids pulled down like they were tied to a ten-pound weight. He tried to think of the families, of the dead, of their kids, of the parents, but he couldn’t.  All he could think about was whether or not this would bring extra heat down on the neighborhood. 
He leaned into the soft leather, his body succumbing to its inviting embrace.  It would be a few minutes before he got home.  Maybe he could sleep for a few minutes.  He closed his eyes and thought of his Del Avant condo and its mahogany furnishings.  The place always smelled of leather and polish.  He thought of the bottle of scotch he kept by the door and with his eyes still closed took a sip of the scotch he currently held in his own hand.
I’m so fucking tired.
He thought of his bed and its deep mattress; the feather-down pillows and the view of the skyline over the balcony outside his bedroom window.  He loved the view.  He loved the balcony.  When he stood there the wind would whip around his face and caress his cheeks until they shone a light red.  He could see the cars moving to and fro on the roads below.  Everyone was certain that his daily routine was so important.  Right about now the stars would be visible above the soft glow of the city, bright balls of white flame that echo the lights of the stadium below. The silence that high up would be deafening.  The Pope could almost taste the air as he stood on the balcony and felt the wind around him.  It lifted him onto his toes and his body leaned against the metal railing and even in his dreams he knew he couldn’t, but wished with everything he had, that he might fly.
Chapter 6

“Do things normal kids do.  Wear your youth and your gender like a shield and no one will touch you.  Even better, no one will suspect you.”
He was right about that.  He was right about everything and everything she had learned from Uncle Dick.  The thought kept the nauseating smile plastered across Kira’s face as she carted Bobby and Gina from the John and Mary’s Pizzeria.  Bobby was sitting next to her in the front seat of her Escalade droning on about something she didn’t care about.
Won’t he ever shut up? Probably not.
Kira heard Gina giggle at whatever he said, but she was too busy glancing at the clock to register it.  She had to drop these kids off and be at the mall in under an hour.
“What do you think Kira?”  Bobby had one arm resting outside of the open window and he had a grin on his face that was actually quite charming in its adolescent way.
“About what?”  She must have really zoned out.
It wasn’t lost on Gina who giggled again, took a sip of her soda and said, “Their baby, Kira.  What do you think it would look like?”
“Whose baby?”  Kira felt her forehead crease and knew it must look like a scowl so she quickly put a smile back on her face but Bobby seemed to notice the change in her demeanor.  His own eyebrows furrowed, but Gina continued from the backseat.
“Mrs. Ingels and Mr. Tratler.”
Despite herself, Kira laughed out loud.  “Well Ms. Ingels is about six feet tall and Mr. Tratler is about five feet tall so I guess it would even out.”
Gina laughed again as they pulled into her neighborhood.  Fortunately Bobby lived a few houses further down.
“Well Mr. Tratler does have a son, I’ve seen him.  He’s short too.”  Gina laughed then added, “But he’s only four so I guess it can be forgiven.”
Bobby was letting the wind trail between his fingers and his eyes seemed to catch a bit of the sunlight.  Kira looked away.
He’s just an overgrown child.
“Well his son can’t be any shorter than Ms. Ingels’ cats.  She has about thirty of them and she tries to teach them all science like they’re her students. Trey said he went trick or treating over there one Halloween and saw all of them dressed up in tiny white lab coats.  She is certifiable.”
Gina lost it when Bobby said “certifiable” and a bit of her soda came out of her nose.  Bobby heard her snort, looked back, and a wide grin split his face when he looked back at her.  Kira felt heat creep up behind her ears and she slammed on the brakes.  Bobby flung forward and his head nearly snapped into the Escalade’s dashboard.
“Christ Kira!”  Both of his hands braced against the dash and then the sudden stop flung him back into his seat.
Gina just laughed harder and Kira heard her snort again.
“What?  We’re here.”
Bobby let his eyes linger on her for a minute and then slowly shifted from rage to the normal fan-boy look he always gave her.  He climbed out of the Escalade and Gina climbed out of the backseat.
“Thanks for the ride, Kira.”  She wiped soda from her face and her mascara streaked along her face.  Kira smiled back.  One thing she always appreciated about Gina was her ability to genuinely laugh and laugh hard.
“No problem.”  She watched Gina sling her backpack over her shoulder and walk towards her two story paneled home.  Bobby lingered, pretending to gather his bag together.
He always does this.
“You sure you don’t wanna hang out for a bit?  My parents are still at work.  Could be fun?”  He shut the door and leaned in through the open window.  He smiled again but all Kira could see in those pearly whites were the faces of the other dozen or so girls who had fallen for his grin.
“No Bobby.  I really got shit to take care of.”  Kira pulled the Escalade out of park.
“Okay.  You got my number if you change your mind, or wanna talk, or anything.”  He brushed a hand through his hair and it fell right back to where it was before he ‘fixed’ it.
“I’m sure ‘anything’ would suit you just fine.”  Kira rolled her eyes.
“It might suit you just fine, too.”  Again with the smile.
Doesn’t this guy know any other moves?
“Good bye Bobby.”  She pressed the gas and Bobby pulled away from the window in a hurry.  She left him there, his mouth lying on the pavement while she threatened to run it over.
She smiled despite herself.
She drove through the neighborhood with its old elm trees lining the road.  They stretched their fingers above the pavement from one side to the other.  The branches from trees on one side clasped the fingertips of the branches from trees on the other.  They created a beautiful green canopy that let in small patches of the fading sunlight.
A sappy love song was dripping out of her speakers, barely audible.  She felt a tear fill her eye and suddenly felt her ears grow warm again.  She violently wiped the tear away and swallowed so hard she nearly choked.
Fumbling with the radio she turned the volume up and flicked the station over.  After a few stations of pure unadulterated crap she hit the auxiliary button and put her iPod on her familiar playlist.  Some rap thumped through the speakers but she was already beyond the music and back in her own head.
Before she knew it, she found her car parked in the Galleria Mall parking lot.  The Escalade had been parked for some time but her white knuckles still clutched the wheel.  Her breath fought against her lungs and threatened to burn them to ashes before the fire inside her would dissipate.
Kira took slow and deliberate breaths but her lips quivered.
You have to steady yourself.  Let the fire burn inside but be as calm as still water on the outside.
She glanced in the rearview, catching her water stained eyes.  Twin rivers split her cheeks but were drying up fast.  She closed her eyes and felt the wet lashes come together.  She released her grip from the wheel and wiped tears from her face with her thumbs.  She grabbed her purse and looked up at the rearview one last time then she pulled out a pair of black too-big sunglasses and dropped them over the upper half of her face.  She grabbed a Yankee hat off of the floorboard on the passenger side and pulled it down over her head.
With one last breath she grabbed the door handle and paused as her eye caught the dangling crucifix from the rearview.  Her lips came together, her cheeks tightened.
“You had to take all of them.  Fine.  Fuck you, too.”  She pushed open the door and climbed out of the Escalade.  Slamming the door shut behind her she looked in her purse for her familiar items.  The Baby Browning and pawn stared up at her.  She set her face, trying to exude a sense of calm, slung her purse across her body and over one shoulder and set a brisk pace as she crossed the parking lot.
The sun was well into its descent and a long shadow crept over the mall.  It crawled along the pavement and beckoned to Kira.  Even though dusk threatened, the black tar of the lot radiated its stored heat and draped around Kira like an invisible sauna.  Beads of sweat lined her forehead but it was a matter of moments before she reached the electric sensors that parted the mall’s doors in front of her.
The air-conditioned blast sent her skin into goose bump mode but she ignored it and walked as fast as she could with out attracting attention towards the fountain and wishing pool.  Her heartbeat punched her left ear and then her right in perfect rhythm. 
White columns escorted her as she walked; reaching their arms upward and beyond the grey trim that marked the floor of the second level. Shops lined the way and several twisting staircases were busy with shoppers pretending that whatever they were doing was important.  Their chatter echoed under the tall ceilings and across the tiled floors.
The smell of hamburger and cheap Chinese food drifted along the corridors and Kira’s stomach reminded her that it existed by immediately nipping her lower intestine.  It defensively knotted up and growled back in protest.
Focus.
The chatter drifted away.  The food court was only remembered by her stomach and even that began to forget.  Kira’s heart retreated back into her chest where it belonged.
As she approached the fountain nearly all of the people around her faded into insignificant obscurity.  She scanned the area for “pieces.”
To win the game you must know the pieces.  You must know where they are and what they intend to do.  Not only what they intend to do, but what role the hand intends for them to fulfill.
His words echoed back into her consciousness.
Who’s important?  Who’s a player?
Continuing her scan, she stopped at a kiosk and purchased a rope necklace.  A man with a dark mustache and darker face lurked around the corner from the fountain.  But just as quickly as Kira began to consider him a small child ran up to him and he bent down to scoop her up and she flung her arms around him.  Kira looked away and continued.
A man lying on a bench.
A cripple.
An old man pushing a yellow cleaning cart on the second floor.  He wore blue overalls and had his hand in a paper bag. He pushed the cart painfully slow, but any faster and he might crack his frail back in two.  He looked over the ledge for a moment, his lips tightened in recognition and Kira knew.
Uncle Dick.
A master of disguise. The only way she knew him was by those lips.  The scar on the bottom lip that trailed to his chin was unforgettable if barely perceptible.
Walking towards the fountain once more, Kira scanned the crowd.  She eased herself onto the bench in front of the fountain.  She could feel its mist drift over her.  Her skin contracted and a shiver crawled up her neck.
She felt him before she saw him.  The shiver faded with the mist but the hairs on her neck stood up with the sound of the footsteps to her left and she instinctively put her hand in her purse, grabbing the Featherweight Baby Browning inside.  She slid across the bench to the far right and with her purse on her lap angled the hidden gun towards the remaining seat.
His words came back again, unbidden, as always.
Even a pawn can take out a king.
He sat next to her and immediately the stench of day-old vodka lifted off of his clothing and stung her nostrils.  When he sat down, she refused to look at him.  She could see his hand resting on his knee out of the corner of her eye and it wiped off a palm on a pair of soiled jeans.  A tiny tattoo stained his skin.  A small black spider with intricate detail posed there, a red diamond emblazoned on its bulbous body.
The man spoke and the smell of vodka grew with each syllable.  “So glad of you to come.  My compatriots didn’t think you would.  But we all have our price, no?”  He spoke softly and deliberately.  The man obviously had an accent but she couldn’t place it yet.  He didn’t turn his head to face her either.  She studied his jaw line and the black stubble that unevenly stretched across his angular features.
“Who the fuck are you?”  Kira grabbed her pistol, feeling the calming presence in her grip.  Her phone vibrated against her hand and she knew the money transfer must be complete.
The man smiled and his skin stretched across his bones.  He laughed but it came out more like a cough.  He wiped his nose with his other hand and continued. “You know who we are.  We bought you. You can call me, what’s the American word?  Boss.  You can call me boss or maybe you can call me Daddy.  Would you enjoy this? Calling me Daddy?”
His accent was definitely Eastern European.  His words seemed to push out from the back of his throat as if he might spit on the floor.  Kira wanted nothing more than to make him spit his teeth on the tile right there in front of the fountain.
“Watch your tongue unless you want to lose it.” He finally turned his head to face her and she looked into his eyes.  They seemed to look past her and they danced in a small pool of liquid. She knew he was high 
I don’t have time for these games.
“One last time, who the fuck are you or I walk.”  Her palm felt sweaty and she wanted to wipe it off on her shirt but she dared not unless she left the security of the pistol behind in her purse.  Her heart ricocheted around her chest.
Something isn’t right.
The man chuckled and looked up at the ceiling as if he didn’t have a care in the world.  “Fine. Fine.  But no names.  You have Whisper, I have Black Widow.”  He held his hand up to her, giving her a better view.  It looked more menacing up close and she also saw small tick marks along half the legs of the spider.  The other legs were bare.  They appeared to be markers of some sort.
The Black Widow saw her eyeing them and laughed again.  “One hair on the leg for each of them.”
“Each of who?”  Kira knew the answer before the question fully escaped her lips.
He looked at her and raised an eyebrow.  The smile stretched across the bones of his face again.  “Some of them had names.  Yes.  Faces, too.  Now they are all ghosts.  Like you.  Like him.  The one you put to sleep for us.  Whispers in the night, each one.”  His eyes darted around the mall, jumping left and right and up and down in no particular order and with no apparent focal point. “But enough of this, how do you say, chat?  You come now.”
“It’s chatter dick face.  And I’m going nowhere.  I was told you had a deal for me, twice the rate as last time.  Either spit it out or I’m fucking gone.  This is your last chance.”  Kira glanced up at the rail on the second floor from behind her sunglasses.  The man with the yellow cart was looking into the buggy, apparently searching for cleaning supplies.
The Black Widow laughed again.  He laughed loud and his body quaked.  He laughed until a tear slid down his face and dropped off of his jaw.  Kira watched him, unsure of how to proceed.
This is why I don’t fucking meet clients.
“What is this, this ‘dick face’?  Like the genitals but of the face?”  He gave another shoulder laugh and continued.  “I like this very much.  I will remember.”  He turned and looked her in the eye.  The gray orbs darted out from their shallow pools and locked on hers.  “I will remember you made me laugh.  Now get your little woman’s bag and come.”
The heat came along her collar again and it took every fiber of her being to keep from squeezing the trigger of her Baby.  This close and the little Baby would have a nasty bite.  The damned phone vibrated against her hand again, letting her know she hadn’t checked it yet.  She wanted to shoot this fuck.  She wanted to answer the phone.  Instead she returned the laugh.
The Black Widow turned to look at her, but she ignored him and leaned forward in the bench.  “You ignorant fuck.  You think I just waltzed into here?”  She glanced one more time at the old man on the rail and scanned the area as she spoke.
“I see your man up top with the 1985 jeans.”  He stood about a dozen feet from Uncle Dick. A man with a small pair of headphones leaned forward, looking over the crowd.  He was eating a large soft pretzel.  The hand that held it was etched with black ink that spread out along in his fingers completing a spider web. “A pair of headphones?  Really?  Ever hear of a fucking iPod?  You foreigners stick out like a sore thumb.”  Moving from the rail her eyes shifted to the cripple walking circles around the fountain.  Kira pretended not to notice his eye flick across her and then dart to another side of the floor.  “Or the ugly bastard doing a piss poor Tiny Tim impression?  He keeps switching which leg is the broken one.  What about the fat fuck on the bench pretending to sleep?  I know the game asshole.  And you think I came here alone?  Fuck you.”
She stood up to leave, her hand leaving her purse as she pushed up to rise.  She made to walk away but a vice gripped her arm and she spun around, pulled by the clenched and boney fingers of The Black Widow.  His face still wore a smile but his eyes tried to strangle her where she stood.
“You are right.”  His voice was even and smooth through his accent.  “He is fat,” he said, waving a hand towards the man on the bench.  Then he nodded towards the cripple and said, “And he is ugly. Very ugly.  I promise I won’t tell him though.  It might make him angry and uglier.”
Kira tried to pull away from his grip but he just tightened it and she felt as if her bones might snap in half.
“But you are also wrong.  Very wrong.  We aren’t ignorant baby girl.  You might be the Whisper but we are the ones who weave the webs.”  His smile dropped from his face as if rinsed off of his skin.
“What the FUCK are you babbling about?”  As Kira’s voice raised a bit of spit flew from here lip.  The man on the bench got up and began to walk towards them, his eyes shifting amongst the crowd.  A few shoppers glanced back at the small scene but otherwise continued on with their lives.
“Babbling?  What is this babbling?  Never mind, little doll.  What I say is, I say you are stuck.  Like a…” He trailed off and spun his finger in the air in front of him in small meandering circles.
“A fly.”  Kira calmed herself and looked around.  She faced away from Uncle Dick and had no clue what he was up to, if anything.
“Yes.  Like a small fly.”  His eyes roamed the length of her body and sent a tingle along her spine.  “Or a small girl.”
The cripple closed in on her from her left.
I must act now or never. If I can get my damned gun, I’ll shoot my way out of this damned mall.
Kira wrenched her hand violently towards herself, trying to pull free.  The Black Widow leaped from his feet as she tried to spin around and caught her.  But she was facing the direction of where she last saw Uncle Dick.  The cleaning cart was still there but he wasn’t. Her eyes darted along the rail as the Black Widow came up behind her, still pinning her left wrist to her right hip.  His right hand held her wrist firmly there and he pulled her close to his body.  The stench of his breath nearly made her gag but she had no time to think about it before a calloused hand grabbed her chin and the Black Widow forced her gaze to the right of the cleaning cart.
Uncle Dick had his hands on the railing and looked down at her.  The man with the pretzel stood next to him, his hand inside his jacket.  Another man in a black T-shirt, impossibly large, stood behind him, arms crossed.
How did I miss that one?
The Black Widow whispered in her ear and she could feel the warmth of his breath on her earlobe and along the nape of her neck.  A few shoppers slowed their walking and one lady looked at the two of them with obvious concern.
Why doesn’t this guy give a shit?
“Welcome to my web little girl. A spider needs blood to survive.  I intend on surviving.”
Kira squirmed but his grip closed even tighter.  She felt him nod his head and the man in the black shirt nodded back.  He pulled out a cell and pressed his finger on it, appearing to enter a number.
For a second, everything went still.
The shoppers paused mid stride.  The fountain stopped mid-flow.  His breath stopped tickling her neck.  Her heart stopped its incessant pounding.  Her phone stopped vibrating.
Then came the ball of fire.  It leapt through the glass of a shoe shop about twenty yards down the walkway.  It rolled over half a dozen shoppers. Tiny shards flew like missiles and hit the crowd of passing people like buckshot.  Clothing, bags, and skin shredded with equality. They fell in mangled heaps; the floor slickened with their blood. The ones on the fringe of the blast flew backwards like tin men.  They lifted from their feet, some leaving sandals and shoes behind, and landed prone a dozen feet from the main carnage.
Silence.
A shriek echoed across the tiled walkway. The wailing of the wounded slowly began to fill the mall as others ran from the scene.  More ran forward to help their friends, family, and unknown fallen.
Kira reflexively looked at the explosion, but the Black Widow ripped her chin back around and whispered, “Look.”
She looked at the men above.  One clubbed Uncle Dick over his head and sent him sprawling forward with legs gone useless.  The other man caught him and together they began to drag him from the railing.
“Uncle!”  She thrashed.  She tried to stomp her foot.  For a moment she wrenched free.  She spun about to run.  “I’ll kill you!” Her screams were lost in the screams of a hundred others.
It was then that she knew.
That’s why he was so calm.
She reached into her bag hoping to grab her pistol.  She felt the cool steel in her grip and swung back around; just in time to meet the cane of a cripple.  Tiny fireworks blasted out the back of her skull and through her ears.  Blood filled her mouth.
As she fell to the floor she pulled the trigger and heard the gunshot.  
Everything went black for a moment and then she was staring at her purse and the scattered contents along a horizontal view.  Her phone lay on its side facing her, the unread text message blazing across the screen all caps.
“RUN.”
Chapter 7

Sydney Price barely finished lacing up her shoes when Briggs burst into the office.  His black eyes were afire.  His broad chest heaved as if he had run a few miles and he was strapping his glock into an underarm holster.
“We gotta go.  The Galleria Mall just took a bomb hit.  Definite civilian casualties.”
She stood up so fast she felt light headed.  “What?”
“They think it was a terrorist hit.”  His lips were tight.
Agent Price sprung into action.  “Alert the local authorities.  I want everyone on this.  Have Agent Timms notify the local hospitals.  I want every ambulance in the city down there. Agent Moreland!”
Travis Moreland was walking past the door grabbing his laptop but stopped midstride.  “Yes ma’am?”
“See to it that the vans are prepared.  I want everyone coming with me on this.  Have Agent Tolbert bring a field kit.”  She turned to Briggs.  “Call the local authorities and tell them to help the wounded but be careful, we’ve all seen secondary blasts intended to hit emergency personnel.  Also tell them not to touch anything at the scene.  I don’t need their fingers all over this.”
Briggs turned, phone in hand.
“Anything, Briggs.”
He nodded his head and walked out of the room followed by Agent Moreland.
Sydney pulled out her iPhone and dialed a number with the 202 area code for Washington D.C.  A secretary answered and before she could finish her greeting Sydney interrupted.  “I need Operations Director of the Criminal Division Randall Smith.”
“Ma’am, I’m sorry he is in a meeting at the moment.”  The voice cracked with the line and she was pretty sure it had to do with the enormous amount of cell phones dialing all at once across the city.
“I don’t care if he is taking a shit.  You tell him Special Agent in Charge Sydney Price is calling from the field office in Buffalo, NY and we have had a suspected terrorist attack in a highly populated shopping mall, civilian causalities confirmed.”
“Please hold.”  There was a click and then some soothing music began to play overlaid with facts about the FBI.  She hit the mute button and called out to her staff, “Okay guys, gather your stuff.  We ride now.”
The building emptied out and they clattered and spoke in hushed tones as they climbed the stairs downward.  Briggs wore an FBI jacket and Sydney had her Kevlar vest strapped on just in case.  The others wore jeans and had badges on their hips along with their guns.  Dr. Tolbert, wearing her khaki pants and a blue half-sleeve knitted sweater hustled along carrying a large field kit to analyze evidence and chemicals found on the scene.  Agents Conrad and Timms raced downward. One carried a laptop and the other a small video camera and a USB cord to tap into the mall surveillance systems.
Briggs’ phone rang as they piled into the vans Agent Moreland prepared in advance of the team’s exit.
“Agent Briggs.”  He held the phone in his hand and transferred it to Bluetooth as he settled into the driver’s seat and Sydney climbed into the seat next to him, still on hold.  After a few short responses he hung up, but they were well on their way to the Galleria Mall by then.  He hung up and looked at her.  His eyes shone like chiseled onyx.  “Twelve dead.  Thirty-two wounded.  The bomb squad has already run a preliminary sweep of the premises and they say its clear.”
She nodded her head.  “Agent Conrad, pull up a blue-print of the mall.  I want to know the top roadways that come up to the premises.  I want any video we can find of the roadways leading to and from that plaza.  I want plates of all vehicles leaving slightly ahead of the pack and before all the emergency vehicles and concerned parents started heading towards the blast site.”
“Yes ma’am.” She looked back and noted Travis furiously punching holes into the keys of his laptop.  The soft blue glow that hit his face cast an eerie pall over his set features.  The only thing that moved in his face were darting eyes that moved from one window on the screen to the next.
Still the music played on the phone and she heard a repeat of the FBI facts from earlier.
Please pick up.  Please, please please.
And then they did.
“Hello Special Agent Price.  This is Randall Smith.”
“Director Smith.”  She exhaled as his name trailed from her lips.  “I trust you’ve heard about the explosion at the Galleria Mall here in Buffalo, NY?”
“Yes, Special Agent in Charge, I have.  Don’t worry though, this falls out of your purview.  Everything we have from ground sources describes this as a terrorist attack.  We won’t call it that of course, for the time being.”
“Sir, what ground sources are these?  I would think that I of all people would have heard some chatter about a terrorist attack.  My sources in that regard are still intact.”  Names and faces flipped through her mind like a telephone index.  She fell out of her thoughts as Briggs careened around an SUV with a soccer mom who was oblivious to their sirens.
“It’s been a decade since the Lackawanna Six, Sydney.  We don’t expect you to have the carry over on this.  It’s not a slight.  It’s just the facts.  This is a Counter-Terrorism event and as such the National Security Branch will be working alongside the NSA to determine the suspects and the security breach.”  Director Smith fell silent for a moment and Sydney took the opening.
“Very well, sir.  We will be on scene to assist in the initial cleanup and to lend hands to the forensics and evidence collection.  Also, sir, off topic but just as important, I need you to initiate protocol Hanssen.”  She glanced at Briggs to make sure the meaning passed over him.  When she saw no reaction she looked away.
The director coughed and Sydney couldn’t tell if he was choking or clearing his throat. “The Hanssen Protocol?  You’re sure of this?  In your crew?”
“I’m not sure, sir.  Not at all.”  She hoped that he wouldn’t get too immersed in the details of the Hanssen Protocol.  He knew she was in a situation that barely lent itself to open conversation.
Christ.  This is what it has come to, initiating a Hanssen Protocol within my own ranks.
Sydney watched the roadway roll under the van at ninety miles an hour.  The Hanssen Protocol was aptly named after an FBI Agent who sold sensitive information to the Russians for decades.  It was the name given to a set of contingency plans in the event that a mole was suspected within the Bureau.
“No.  I imagine you wouldn’t be sure.  Okay, we will initiate it.  Oh and Sydney, just a heads up here, Simmons is the on site Agent in Charge for the National Security Branch.  I’m sure you knew that, but just wanted you to be prepared in case.”
This day can’t get any better.
“Thanks.  I’ll be fine.”  Briggs looked over at her again when he heard the tone in her voice and she put her fingers to her head like a gun and pulled the imaginary trigger.  Briggs was kind enough to give her a wan smile, but his eyes still shone with broken bits of glass and his knuckles were white on the wheel.
“I know you’ll be fine, Sydney.  You don’t have a choice.  I have a meeting to go to, keep me updated.”  Director Smith hung up the phone with a click.
He never was one for long goodbyes.
She put the phone down and grabbed the door handle as Briggs turned the corner into the mall parking lot.
“What was that all about?”  Briggs’ muscled arm hiccupped as he switched gears and Sydney’s eye flicked to the crease for a moment before she answered.
“Special Agent Simmons is the Agent-In-Charge on site.”  She didn’t elaborate but she knew she didn’t have to.  Briggs was well aware of their history.
“Todd Simmons?”  His brow furrowed and his lips pulled into a slight frown.
“The one and only.”
“The same asshole that came up with you during the Lackawanna Six?  The same ass-clown that took Peter Askearn’s job seven years later?  That Todd Simmons?  I’m sorry, Syd.  I know how much you hate that prick.”
“Water under the bridge.”  Sydney thought her words sounded like a load of crap to her and realized by Briggs’ sideways glance that they weren’t fooling Briggs much either.
Agent Conrad piped up from the back of the van.  “I have the blueprints for the mall.  I also have surveillance video from Duke Rd and Walden Avenue that shows a grey van with tinted windows speeding away from the mall moments after the blast.  We should be able to pull plates with a video enhancement.”
“Excellent.”  Sydney opened her mouth to ask the make of the van when they rounded a bend in the mall lot.  Smoke billowed out of the east wing and Briggs summed it up as he sped towards the pandemonium in front of them.
“Holy shit.”  His voice croaked with the shock of the scene before him.  A dozen ambulances lined the shoulder while a pair of black and whites pulled into the roadway they had just entered and began to block it off from other traffic hoping to approach the scene.  At least a dozen news vans stood about twenty yards beyond the flashing lights while a clearly frazzled spokesperson tried to field a barrage of questions.
They pulled next to the other of their two FBI vans and began to pile out.  Sydney took a brief look at the blueprints Agent Conrad had found and then exited the van and glanced at the chaotic scene in front of them.
Sulfur permeated the air along with the scent of warm black tar and charring wood.  A triage tent had been erected another thirty feet beyond the emergency vehicles and the Emergency Medical Technicians were hooking IV’s to the myriad of wounded and wrapping wounds and plugging holes as fast as they could.  Further beyond the tent were several body bags that would be the final homes for the several dead that waited their moment on ice at the local morgue.  A crowd of men and women stood in various states of disarray.  Each called out for someone they knew to be in the mall.  Some did so with tear streaked faces while others stoically stood silent.  Some had the shell-shocked look of those in disbelief, their mouths hanging open and their trembling fingers trying to hide the horror that hid beneath.
A score of firemen poured into the building from beneath the protection of their yellow suits and visor helmets.  A few carried axes and other equipment but others carried collapsible stretchers in pairs.  The bomb squad and K-9 units stood in a circle, the dogs obediently resting on their haunches next to their handlers.
Another set of FBI vans parked on the other side of the fire trucks and they had monitors hanging from the outside.  Several agents were watching them and talking on their phones while still others hammered away furiously at keyboards linked up with the FBI database.  Sydney walked towards the field command post with her unit in tow. A young agent greeted her with a gaunt and pale look.  He was dressed for full-scale combat with a Kevlar vest and an Assault Rifle slung over his shoulder.
Sydney walked up and with her most authoritative tone asked, “Where is the Special Agent in Charge?”
“Agent Simmons is at ground zero.”
She nodded her head and turning to her men she said, “Agents Conrad, Timms and Moreland, stay here and offer your help with anything they might need to aid in the investigation.  Briggs and Dr. Tolbert, with me.”
Her men began to disperse and she headed towards the mall entrance, her much smaller escort at her heels.  The sun descended beyond a trio of evergreens that huddled at the edge of the lot.  It seemed to Sydney that it wept silently for the dead as it leaked a trail of red along the horizon that bled to a soft orange the further out the color dripped.  A gull that had traveled too far inland on winds from Lake Erie portending winter let out intermittent squawks of sorrow.  A thinning finger of smoke pointed at them from above the dome of the Galleria Mall and swayed to and fro with the changing gust of the circular wind as if to warn them from entering the building.
Despite the warmth of the sun, Sydney felt a chill climb her vertebrae like a ladder when they walked through the wide open doors that led into the mall’s grey and white checkered tile floors.  A balcony ringed the hall and the three of them walked in silence as they followed the horde of emergency personnel that walked endlessly towards the building’s center.
The hall seemed eerily quiet despite the hundreds of voices echoing along the corridor, as if they spoke in hushed whispers and the cloud of shock pressed down on their words to muffle their very existence.
When they rounded a corner and came in view of a large fountain, Briggs seemed to have gotten the memo too.
“Jesus Christ, Syd.”  His voice was barely audible and snuck through his cracked lips in less than a whisper.  He still did better than Sydney whose voice stuck in her throat completely and Dr. Tolbert who stopped walking and let a solitary tear wind its way along the crease of her cheek.
A row of body bags lined the hall and seemed to stretch on for the length of a football field.  She stopped counting at thirty. Blood streaked the floor; some in obvious trails where the dead and dying had been hauled from the rubble and glass that littered the floor.  Smoke still billowed out of the blackened store that seemed to have once been a purveyor of shoes.  Dozens of footless shoes scattered the area, it was the ones that still had feet in them that brought a fresh set of tears to Dr. Tolbert’s eyes.
Sydney felt her stomach roll over but bit her bottom lip and forced herself to focus.  She was glad she did because a short and balding man with an athletic build strode purposefully towards them. He wore the black suit commonly associated with FBI agents, but then again, Sydney wouldn’t expect anything else from the man.
Todd Simmons always did everything exactly by the book.
She would have laughed if she didn’t feel so saddened by the scene in front of her.  The one thing she was certain of was the fact that a book didn’t really exist.
 Just layers upon layers of insulating bureaucracy.
Another agent walked at his side reminding her of a weasel the way he seemed to perpetually sniff at the air.  She eyed him up but Agent Simmons met them first and held out his hand.  Sydney hesitated and then clasped the offered digits.
“Agent Price.  It’s been a while since Lackawanna.” His beady eyes searched her face but she remained stoic, unwilling to divulge her true feelings towards the man that had stolen her mentor’s job and forced him into private consultations.
“It has.”  She looked past him and surveyed the carnage again.
Looks like a high powered explosive.  Heavier scorching towards the center.
“You were involved in the Lackawanna Six, Agent Price?”  The weasel had stopped sniffing to ask a completely irrelevant question.
She was about to ignore him when Agent Simmons denied her the luxury.
“She sure did, Martinez.  She was the second best agent involved in bringing down that terrorist cell, even caught one single handedly as he attempted to flee.”
Sydney knew he was referring to himself as the best agent on that case but she wasn’t about to give him the satisfaction.  “I was the second best agent, that’s for sure Agent Martinez.”
A small smile of victory curled out of Agent Simmon’s crooked lips.
“The best agent was Special Agent in Charge Peter Askearn.”  The smile dropped from Agent Simmons.
“Who is that?” the weasel asked.
“Exactly.”  Agent Simmons turned and waved for them to follow. He switched gears as they walked towards the shoe store and past cloisters of emergency personnel, the wounded, and people offering various testimonies as to what transpired in the moments before the blast.  “The situation is this.  We have thirty-two dead and will probably have forty by nightfall.  Judging by the radius of the blast, the heat patterns, and damage we are looking at something definitely not homemade.”
Dr. Tolbert cleared her throat and Agent Simmons turned to look at her.  She ignored his scowl and looked at the damage.  “It looks to be a TNT blast.  The crater in the flooring and the lack of a projectile does suggest the absence of a pipe-bomb.  If I may, was there a suicide bomber?”
“What do you mean?”  Agent Simmons asked, clearly taken aback by the question.
“Was this strapped to somebody?” Dr. Tolbert asked, flipping out a note pad.
The Agent in Charge looked at Sydney then back at Dr. Tolbert. “No.”
The doctor scribbled on the pad and Sydney could see her running some calculations based on eyeballed estimates of the scene.  “I would bet money that in scattered along the blast radius you’ll find some cheap electronics.  Most likely they are melted from being so close to the initial blast. But there will still be readable components due to the velocity of the explosion throwing them away from the heat source.”  Her eyes drifted to the floor and she walked a few feet from the group who all silently followed her.  Sydney noted that Agent Martinez followed her legs while Agent Simmons at least had the courtesy to go up higher to her ass as she bent over and picked up a small metal cap.
“It looks like a receiver of some sort.  I would imagine you are looking at a cell operated device.  It is a common way to conceal the detonator.  Usually a detonator has a charge button, to charge the transmitter with the power necessary to initiate the blast.  Then of course you have the “fire” button that releases the charge into these wires,” she held up the metal piece.  “Once the signal is red, well, you get this.”  She waved her arm at the scene.  “It really is as simple as somebody pressing pound and star on their cell phone once dialed into the correct frequency.”
She stood with her notebook dangling from one hand, scribbled a few more notes and looked at the rest of them.  Agent Martinez looked at her with a wrinkled brow that suggested he might have missed everything she said, Agent Simmons gave a curt nod.
She’s more then a set of legs, boys.
Dr. Tolbert meandered off looking at various bits of debris that littered the walkway, and that was exactly how long it took Agent Simmons to dismiss everything the good doctor said.
“Now that the lady was able to inform us a bomb went off here, the big piece of the puzzle is who did it and why.”  Agent Martinez handed Simmons a folder that contained documents and the Agent in Charge perused the information, his lips puckered up in a familiar position.  He cleared his throat and continued, still looking at the paper.  “The usual crazies are popping out of the woodwork making claims to the attack.  We have Al-Qaeda denying it, which is interesting.  Libyan hardliners claim its their work but can’t or won’t name the mall they supposedly attacked, and we have the normal claims of success from Hezbollah, the Palestinian Liberation Organization, even the Liberation Tigers of Tamil.  A dozen other groups have issued declarations of a great victory over the Zionists or the corrupted Americans.  Of course, none of them claim responsibility for the attack, just solidarity for the cause.”
“Fucking freaks.”  Briggs eyes flashed again and Sydney knew the look all too well.  The rage was building up in the man.  He would probably spend an hour on the punching bags tonight.
“Well, that’s the thing.  I don’t think it’s any of these groups.  We would have heard some sort of chatter about it.  We’ve infiltrated most of these groups and the ones we haven’t we have Internet, phone, and radio traces going round the clock.  Hell, half of them have agents following them and telling me if they pass gas.”
Sydney couldn’t help but snort.  “Must be nice to have that kind of funding.”
“Priorities Sydney.  The headlines are more on terrorist cells not two bit thugs pretending to be mobsters.”  Todd looked up at her, moving his eyes off the paper and gave her an apologetic shrug.
He could eat that shrug.
I don’t need his fake sympathy.
She knew the moment she turned her back she would likely suffer the fate of Peter Askearn.  Thirty years in, undone by an ambitious cocksucker with a patience problem.
Another boy with the white FBI tattooed across the back of his jacket ran up to Agent Simmons and said, “Sir, the video is ready.”
“Thank you.” He started walking down the hall towards the doors they had entered through earlier.  Sydney kept pace with him while the others fell behind.  Dr.  Tolbert was still scooping samples of debris and ash into her kit and Sydney knew to leave her to it.
Todd Simmons lowered his voice as they walked.  “You know I almost choked on my coffee when they said you were in route.  I mean, it makes perfect sense, I just didn’t think about it.”
“Well it wasn’t the best of situations when last we spoke.”  Sydney bit her lip to keep from saying the other words that hung on the edge of her tongue.
“I know.  I know.  But the only thing that concerns me today is catching these assholes.”  She could feel him looking at the side of her face as they exited the mall.  Night had crept over the whole of the world and the flashing lights of emergency vehicles split the darkness with twirling streaks of red, blue white, and yellow.
“Agreed Todd.  Agreed. Let’s just do our jobs.”  Sydney brushed a tangle of hair away from her face as they neared the van with monitors playing various bits of video from the mall’s surveillance cameras.
Several agents were seated in front of the monitors, headphones on for acute audio from the microphones built into the cameras.  “Can’t hear much. Too much echo, too many voices, and the background noise is intense.”
“Was worth a shot,” said a female agent next to him.
“What do you see?”  Agent Simmons stood between them and Sydney came up on his left.
The female audiophile spoke again.  “Most of the surveillance is nothing to note. Normal day in a normal mall.  But a few minutes before the blast we have a scene between a child and some guy by the fountain.  What is also interesting is that at about this time the shoe store computer systems show an unscheduled merchandise delivery.”
“Did we ask who did the delivery?”  Agent Simmons was staring intently at the screen in front of him.
“Well, no sir.  Unfortunately all three employees on duty are deceased.”  The male spoke into his keyboard and flashed the keys a grimace.
“Very well.  Play the video.”  Simmons waved at the female who hit a button and the scene came to life before them.
The two seemed to be having a normal if stiff conversation when suddenly the girl got up.  The man’s hand shot out and grabbed her wrist with lightning speed and held her in place while they continued speaking.  The girl looked agitated and tried to pull away again, only this time the man stood up and forcefully pulled her into his arms.  Shoppers started to look, but they seemed hesitant.  The man forced her to look at something.  Whatever it was made her thrash wildly and then the cameras went into a black and white haze.
“It continues like this for about ten minutes.  It didn’t destroy the camera system but it gave it enough of a jolt that it had to be manually reset.  There is one store that has access to the surveillance corridor for this part of the mall.”  The male techie hammered on his keys as he spoke.
“Let me guess,” Simmons said.  “The shoe store.”
“Correct sir.”  He scrolled the scene backwards again and Briggs walked up next to Sydney.  He seemed to glance at the video and was about to say something when he did a double take.
“What the…” He squinted which made his widening eyes all the more dramatic. “Hey can you zoom in on that guy?  The one holding the girl.  Actually his right hand, the one cupping her chin.”  He ran over to the male techie who clicked a few buttons and brought the screen into a zoom of the man’s hand.  A tattoo digitalized and came into focus.
The spider had eight legs and red diamonds on its body.
“I’ve seen that tat today Sydney. On the video from the Salvatore Hotel.  Either spider tattoos just got more popular or our man from the hotel is the same man from the mall.”  He was animated now. She could see the adrenaline pushing through his veins.
His excitement spread to her as if it were contagious.  Finally there was a lead they could pursue.  She put her hand on Briggs’ shoulder.  “Excellent pick up, Briggs.”  He smiled and for a moment she remembered how that smile disarmed her in the past.
“Someone want to tell me what the fuck is going on,” the tight voice of Agent Simmons hissed behind her.
But Sydney didn’t hear him.  She didn’t hear anything.  Over Briggs’ shoulder she saw the press of families trying to get information.  A face leapt out at her; the long brown hair, the eyes, the scar across his brow.
“Todd, let me see the list of dead and wounded.”
“What?  No, someone tell me what is…”
Sydney’s voice came out in a tremble and much louder than she anticipated.  “Todd.  The casualty list.”
He must have noticed the unmistakable ‘don’t fuck with me’ tone because he handed over his file.
The man in the crowd locked eyes with her.
She tore away from him and looked at the list.  Name after name she passed over.  When she got to the name second from the last her breath caught in her throat.  Her heart did a dive and her knees felt weak as she walked towards the man.
His face tightened as if he knew the name her thumb rested on.
She stopped halfway to him and looked at the list again to make sure.  She hoped her eyes were playing with her.
She glanced back down.  There was no mistaking it.
Critical.  Charlotte Vaughn. 28.  Next of kin:  Alexander Vaughn.
Chapter 8

His fist striking the cracked skin again sent a shiver up his elbow and along his shoulder blade.  The dull throb in his knuckles reminded him that this was becoming routine.  Ivan closed his eyes, absorbing the jolt through his arm and then slowly opened them again.
Jimmy and Tom reclined against the hood of the car, chatting in low tones.  Still the car lights didn’t blink.  The night swallowed the two men whole except for the twin beams of light that sliced along the dust filled air.  Ivan looked around but didn’t expect to see anyone else.  The security on night duty had been paid an extra twenty bucks to not come back tonight.
The man Jimmy named “Sputnik” was on all fours, a string of red spit caught the light in a shimmer as it clung to his lip and fell in a silent trail into the dirt between his hands.
His name is Pavel.
Pavel leaned back on his haunches, his arms hanging loose at his sides.  His head lolled about on his neck.  “остановить,“ he whispered.
Ivan turned and faced the man.  He stood a few paces beyond.  Ivan’s follow through carried him further than he anticipated.  In swift strides he stood in front of the man who brought his trembling hands in front of his face.  His eye was swollen shut and the tear in his cheek showed a mass of tissue and a bit of bone beneath.  The word came out clumsy and thick on his tongue but Ivan understood it all the same.
Sometimes the language doesn’t matter.
He crouched in front of the man and balanced on the balls of his feet.  The maneuver put him and Pavel eye to eye.  He couldn’t help but crinkle his eyes at the smashed remnants of the man.  Blood and mucus covered him without discrimination of their origins.
“In English.”  Ivan spoke soft and lifted Pavel’s chin so that their eyes met. “English.”
“Stop. Please stop.”  His eyes wandered off in opposite directions from the roll of his head.  The last syllable came out in a spray, his lips crushed beyond containing fluid.
“I will.  I promise.  But first you must tell me.”  Ivan snapped his fingers, drawing the man’s eyes back into focus.  “First you must tell me who spoke of this angel of death.”
Pavel closed what was left of his eyelids and his body began to quake.  His voice trembled. “I tell the truth.  It was Russian, these men.”
He stared at the man for a long while then brought his hands up and cracked his swollen knuckles, releasing the pressure that built up.  “I believe you Pavel.  But I need a name. We are both Russians, so I choose to believe you.  But I need a name.”
Pavel brought his hands up to his face and waved them with what little strength remained in his limbs.  “No.  This is not possible.  I don’t know the names.”
He grabbed one of Pavel’s shaking hands in his own. “You do.  And it is.  And you must.”
The man shook his head slowly.  But Ivan moved fast.  He slipped one hand around Pavel’s wrist and with the other he grabbed his index finger, twisted it and yanked it down.  It broke with a pop that reminded Ivan of someone chewing chicken gristle.  Immediately a slow wail ratcheted its way along Pavel’s abdomen.  It threatened to reach a scream but a swift and sure backhand from Ivan sent Pavel back to the ground in a heap of whimpers.  He let him lie there for a moment, let the pain sink in.  Then he reached into the dirt and lifted Pavel’s hand again, this time reaching for his middle finger.
“Нет! Нет! Нет!” He didn’t look up, the side of his face was flush with the dirt and the spit continued to trail from his mouth.
Ivan sighed.  “In English.”
“No.  No.  Please, no.”  Somehow tears escaped the man’s blood caked tear ducts.  They trailed along his face in a brown trail.
“A name.” Pavel hesitated and Ivan clenched his grip around Pavel’s finger.
The words came out in as close to a scream as the man could muster. “черная вдова!”
Ivan narrowed his eyes.  His heart stopped and pulled on his tongue. He forced it back down with a swallow.  He looked into the darkness and yanked down on Pavel’s finger.
Again the crack.  Again the anguished gurgle.  Again the backhand.
“In English.”
The loan shark coughed, sending a bit of blood onto the dirt and a small cloud of dust wafted upward and settled on lips that wobbled with the irregular breath of pain.  “The Black Widow!”
Ivan felt his skin tighten.  He glanced down at the man’s cracked face and the eye that peered up at him.  He said it again.  “The Black Widow.”
He stood up and stepped over and behind the man.  Stooping downward he grabbed the back of the man’s shirt like the scruff of a kitten and yanked him up and onto his knees.  The man whimpered but his body was too weak to do anything but comply.  Ivan lifted the man upward by his neck.  One hand cupped Pavel’s chin and the other came across his forehead, his forearm holding him there while his other hand gripped Pavel’s head in vice-like grip. Ivan’s nose rested next to Pavel’s ear.  He could smell the blood and sweat dripping off of the man like his soiled pants.
He hugged Pavel to his chest and looked over his shoulder into the blackness beyond the lights of the automobile.  His mouth was so close to Pavel’s ear, he scarce had to whisper and he knew the man heard his every word.
“Can you see it Pavel?  Out there?”
Pavel whimpered.  “I see nothing.”
“Nothing.  Sweet beautiful nothing.”  Ivan swallowed and reached inside of himself.
He always said, “You must remember.  Remember what you are.”
“I beg you.  I have money.  I have so much money.  I’m holding money for him.  I have his money!”  His voice ratcheted up again and made Ivan grimace.
Remember.
“I’m sorry Pavel. But we must remember.”
“Remember what?  What must I remember?” his legs gave out on him completely, the only thing holding him aloft were Ivan’s corded muscles.
“We are soldiers.”
The panic rolled of his tongue now, the words running together in a garble.  “No.  No. My brother, Dmitri, is a priest at the Moscow Temple.  He will tell you!  He has the money. Money!  I have money. Please. I’m a husband.  I have a wife.  I have a daughter!”
Ivan whispered to himself as much as to Pavel.  “I do, too.”
Then he pulled his arms apart in one quick motion while keeping his grip firm on opposite sides of Pavel’s head.  A series of loud pops echoed across the man’s shattered vertebrae, sending his feet twitching in tiny kicks beneath Ivan’s arms.  Ivan closed his eyes and lowered the man to the ground where he placed him gently on the dirt on his back.  Lifeless eyes gazed up and past him into the heavens beyond.  Ivan stood next to him and followed the gaze into the cluster of stars that twinkled in the evening sky.  Jimmy and Tom walked up behind him.  The two of them followed Ivan’s eyes into the pinpoints of fiery light.
“It’s beautiful, isn’t it?”  A small smile held steady on the capo’s face.
Tom looked over at him but said nothing.  Then he cleared his throat. “Let’s take care of this.  I’m fucking tired.”
Ivan nodded his head, turned around and grabbed Pavel’s feet. When he gripped the ankles and pulled the feet upwards he noticed the four-pointed star pattern on the sole of the shoe.  The Christians used that star.  He found it ironic, here on Pavel’s foot.
The star of Bethlehem.
The Jews used the six-pointed star of David; the Christians the four pointed star that was emblematic of the cross. Prison afforded time for reading all sorts of useless shit.
Tom grabbed his hands and the two of them carried him about twenty yards away to a metal contraption that had a steel maw hanging open, its large metal press plate glowing yellow amidst the darkness.  As they walked towards the device, Tom was running his mouth.
“With your bare fucking hands?  I don’t know how your type does it.  The two of you are some scary motherfuckers.  Muro was, too.”  He had a scowl drooping over his brow.
“You never did for someone?”  Ivan was bothered by Tom’s tone for the second time in as many conversations.  He looked back up at the stars as they walked, trusting Tom to guide them through the debris.
“Well of course I have.  Too many.  But I do it civilized. I put a hole or six in them.  I don’t throttle them and snap their neck after taking pieces of them just for fun.”  Tom spit to the side, barely missing Jimmy Jacks who followed them parallel towards the rectangular silhouette ahead.
“He always told me everything you use besides your hands is evidence.  He’s the best.  I do it his way.”
Tom snorted but Jimmy solemnly nodded his head.
They reached the metal structure and laid the body underneath the yellow rectangle that hovered above the steel slab.  Tom and Ivan slid the body back into the dark maw about two feet from the edge of the steel mouth.
“No one ever told me.  How was it you two met, anyway?”  Tom glanced over as he straightened the feet out.  Jimmy came over with various scraps of metal and piled them into the crevice and on top of Pavel’s unmoving form.
“He found me.  My father died when I was eight. He wasn’t a good man, but he was a good father.  Good enough that I knew what an asshole my foster father was.  I remember I was walking with him after catching a minor league ball game.  It was a happy time I thought.  But as usual he drank too much and I said something he didn’t like on the way home.”  Ivan grabbed a handful of metal from Jimmy and threw it onto the growing pile that covered the dead man.
“Anyway, he pulls me into the alley and he’s slapping me around.  He smoked these cigarettes, black.  Black like his fucking lungs, heart, black like that night.  He decided my arm is a good ashtray and he starts to put them out on my arm while he curses me. ‘It’s for your own good,’ he said.  And I’m crying.  I’m eight.  Maybe nine. My old man would sometimes give me the back of his hand but nothing like this.”
Jimmy walked up holding a square green box with a red and green button on its face.  It connected to the metal structure by a long wire encased in rubber tubing.
“Meanwhile, this asshole relights his cigarette just so he can put it back out on my arm.  People are walking by, but no one does anything.  Until this one guy, he couldn’t have been more than twenty something.  He stands in the alleyway mid stride just as my foster father is pushing that lit cigarette into my skin.  I can smell my own flesh.  Smell it so strong I can taste it.”
“Jesus.”  Jimmy looked like he might retch.
“Yeah, it isn’t a good time.  Anyway, this man with a fedora, he just stops mid step.  His head slowly turns and looks into the alley and he can see what’s going on.  The cigarette is out on my arm.  Smoke is filling my nostrils.  And this guy says, ‘Do that again.  I dare you.’”
“Damn right.” Jimmy nodded his head in approval.
Ivan looked into the maw in front of him. “Well, this asshole, he looks right at the man and lights the cigarette again.  I swear I could see the flame reflect in his eyes.  He sets himself with that ‘fuck you’ look people get when they’re gonna do whatever they want.  And he pulls my arm up and I close my eyes waiting for the burn again.  Only it never comes.  I never saw him move.  Never heard him, but there he was, his knife at the man’s throat.  The cigarette still hung in his mouth. And this man asks me, so quiet I can barely hear him, ‘Is this your father?’  I shake my head no, but my eyes are all tears from the pain.  He says quietly, ‘Do you know this man?’  I shook my head no.”  Ivan trailed off.  The memory seemed to be happening right there like a silent film in the dark abyss in front of him.
“Then what happened?”  Tom Coughlin had a different look on his face then, still a scowl, but a scowl of a different sort. He threw another piece on the metallic cairn.
“Then he flicked his wrist.  So fast.  So fast.  At first I didn’t know what happened.  But then a spray of his blood hit me in the face.  The red line crept along his neck and he fell to the ground in a puddle of his own blood. Rafael stooped down, picked up the man’s cigarettes and says to me, ‘You’re coming with me.  You’re gonna learn how to defend yourself, and you’re gonna smoke these cigarettes and remember.  Always remember.’”
“What the fuck?  You’re telling me Rafael Rontego played nurse maid to you?”  Tom rolled his eyes and looked away.
“No.  He dropped me off with Mrs. Carbone, the widow.”  Ivan cracked his neck, trying to shake the memories from his shoulders.
“Holy shit.  I knew Mrs. Carbone.”  Jimmy had a wide grin on his face now.
“Yeah, he stopped by every week.  And when I was fourteen, he took me on my first hit.  Then he began to train me.  Sometimes Muro.  Mostly Rafael. But always, after, we smoked a Sobranie and we remembered.”
“Remembered, eh?  What, that you cried when you were eight?”  Tom crossed his arms in front of him.
“No.  I remember that those who hurt me, those who mock me, those who stand in the way, can all die.  What’s made of flesh can by flesh be undone.”  Ivan narrowed his eyes at Tom Coughlin, who took a step back.
For a long minute everyone was silent.  Jimmy broke the tension by holding up his little metal control box and with a grin asked, “Know why they call this the magic show?”  He didn’t wait for anyone to answer before going on. “Because now you see him…” He pressed the red button and a yellow floodlight illuminated the metallic mouth.  A loud humming noise reverberated from beneath the ground as gears to an engine began to crank.  The yellow steel slab slowly descended pushing the metal pieces and Pavel together with a screeching and wrenching noise filled with straining of the gears as they pressed the slab downward and through the debris underneath. “... And now you don’t.”  He said it with a flourish as the metal began to pull up and the sides of the maw came together in a sideways bite.  A small cube comprised of metal, as well as crushed bits of Pavel, inched forward and out of the contraption onto a narrow conveyor.  Jimmy hit another button and the machine began to wind down.  The small cube fell off the ledge and landed at their feet as they walked towards the end of the rolling real estate.
Tom leaned down and looked at the cube squinting. “It’s not a great magic trick, really.”
“What are you talking about?”  The grin left Jimmy’s face in a hurry.
“Well, I think if you look real hard you can sorta still see a bit of Pavel in there.”
Chapter 9

Why the fuck am I not dead?
He swung his head around and sniffed at the dank air that made it past the tiny holes in the canvass covering his face.  His blood had dried a while ago.  It’d gone from a sticky wetness to crusted; pulling as bits of the canvass became ensnared in the fresh scabs growing across the wounds on his face. He knew from that alone that time was moving forward, that and the slow growl gurgling from his gut. A few hours back he stopped wondering if the cracks that ridged his lips were cuts or chapped lips that ruptured.  Probably a bit of both.
Drip. Drip drip. Drip.
The constant noise irritated Rafael even more then the bag on his face.  He closed his eyes, forcing himself to become aware of his surroundings, to hear past the water hitting the puddle on the floor.
Twice men walked the length of the staircase.  The first time Rafael was groggy.  But the second time he was ready and he counted thirteen steps judging by the thuds of the shoes on the wooden planks.  It was straight ahead and to his left.  He listened past the sound of the water, past the heart beating in small bursts from his temples, past his own steady breathing.
He heard footsteps up above.  Loud clunks echoed off the planking somewhere on the main floor.  Several short stomps seemed to follow a shout.  Then the footsteps increased in frequency, picking up a definite pace.
Someone’s running.
He wasn’t sure until he heard a short scream.  Female.  It was quickly muffled and followed by a loud thud.  The sound had the tone of finality coupled with the silence that escorted it.
A door above began to open and Rafael could smell the musk of the basement float upwards as the hinges creaked in protest.  Soft steps carried someone down thirteen steps. The person stopped in front of him.  He could feel his presence there, infecting the sanctity of the subterranean hold.  His ear twitched when he heard the man breathe softly to his right.  Rafael couldn’t help but tilt his head a bit to better hear when a hand struck him across his left cheek.  Air came out of his mouth, chased by lightning bolts, but he refused to let anything else escape.
He heard the breathing on his left and his brain told him to turn to the right to hear a bit better.  But before his body could react, his instinct pushed his face left and towards where last he heard the breathing.  A gust of air echoed off of his right eardrum as an object whisked past.
The man laughed.  A slow chuckle reverberated around him and seemed to catch off of some piping lining the roof of his dwelling.  The laugh rang with a metallic hint.
“Nice try asshole.”  Rafael’s voice sounded hoarse and raspy but even the sound of his battered vocals seemed to send his body strength.  It felt good to know he existed.
The laugh rolled on a bit longer and then a voice in broken English materialized inches from Rafael’s face.  “The American slang amuses me.” The voice throbbed with bits of Moscow, Rafael was certain of it.  “You say asshole because it is where shit comes from.  This is very funny.  Today I heard another, dick face. Also very funny.”  His laugh had an unnerving quality to it.  Rafael had heard it before on men who were unhinged.  It tickled Rafael’s spine.
It’s gotta stop.
He snapped his head forward and threw his weight behind it, nearly lifting the chair from the floor as he flung forward forehead first into the black fog.  About halfway though his momentum, his head connected with the soft center of his captors face.  A small crackling sound met Rafael’s ears as a spray of blood landed on him in tiny droplet’s.  Some hit his covering in soft drops that lightly peppered the canvass bag.
This time there was a gust of air from the man in front of him followed by his feet stumbling backwards.  He yelped in pain and then Rafael heard the footsteps come at him in a hurry.  He anticipated the first swing and dodged right, but the second one caught him square on the jaw and this time the chair did fall over.  Rafael hit his head on the concrete behind him and the jolt from the cement hurt worse than the sting on his jaw. He was still clinging to consciousness when he felt his body go weightless for a moment and then the chair clanked downward as its legs re-settled on the floor.
The captor grunted and said something in Russian he didn’t understand.  He heard the footsteps come at him again and he braced himself for impact, only it never came.  Instead a hand came down on his head and grabbed a chunk of the canvass bag and ripped upward. Rafael bit into his lips as it pulled away from his face with a tearing noise and he felt his face go wet as the scabs tore away with the bag.  The basement was dark, but it felt like someone poured light directly into his pupils, after being immersed in total darkness for so long.  His eyes watered instantly and he could barely see past the pools in front of him.  Bits of light refracted off the droplet’s of water that gathered in the crease of his squinting eyes.
Keep them open you fool, now’s your chance to make something of this situation.
The man grunted and it seemed he had bumped into the light because it began to sway back and forth. Rafael expected the man to strike him, and he wasn’t disappointed when the fist barreled into his stomach, knocking the breach from him and throwing his chair back again.  This time he braced his neck and the majority of the jolt absorbed into his shoulders when he thudded to the ground still strapped to his chair.  The wind left his lungs with a gush and he coughed and wheezed as his lungs deflated inward on themselves sucking for air.
“Arrogant Americans.  This is nothing new.  I bring you here, as a guest, and this,” he waved his hand over his face and as Rafael’s eyes refocused.  “This is how you repay me. Ungrateful.”
Rafael looked past the pools of water that formed as his lungs searched for air and his eyes regrouped from the instant exposure of light. The man’s face looked like a bloody mess, his nose turned half way towards his left cheek. Rafael nearly smiled.  He knew why the man bumped into the light.  He was a bit wobbly and swayed back and forth on weak legs.  He wore a white wife-beater that was drenched in blood in a purple red splatter that seemed to creep downward.  When he spoke a bit of blood clung to the front of his teeth. “Let us start again.”
He walked over and picked Rafael’s chair up once again.  Rafael looked over the basement as the man did so.  There wasn’t much to it.  There was a stairwell in front of him to his left.  A blocked out window too small for a man to escape through was up at the top of the wall to his right.  A small room exited to his right and in front of him as well.  It was a dirty basement, just cement flooring with dirt streaking it in spots where someone had stepped in any of the myriad of small puddles that spotted the floor.  The pipes leaked and he heard the familiar dripping.
The chair settled back on its legs and the man continued.  “You have something which belongs to us.”
Rafael could taste his blood on his lips and he licked them, the iron taste staining his tongue.  He turned his head and spit on the floor.  “Unlikely.”
“You were the last one to see the cop, yes?”  The man felt his broken nose tenderly and took his shirt off, revealing a tapestry of tattoos.  He was prison hard and had scars under the sleeves of ink.  He held his shirt to his nose as he talked.  “No matter.  You did.  We know you did.  Where is he?”
Rafael searched his mind but couldn’t think of who the man was talking about.  Even if he did he wasn’t sure he would tell him anyway.  He glanced up at him, fixing his cold grey eye above the wrecked nose.  “Go fuck yourself, comrade.”
The man laughed but Rafael noticed he winced as he held his hand to face.  He switched hands and Rafael noticed he had another tat on the top.  A black spider with red diamonds across the body. “Why is it you think every Russian is comrade or Bolshevik?”  He walked next to Rafael and he could smell the cigarette smoke and vodka rolling off of his teeth.
Explains the relentless bleeding.  Thin blood.
He squatted, eye level with the assassin but at a safe enough distance to avoid another crack to his face.  “Never mind.  We know you know.  So you will tell us. This is truth, eh, comrade dick face.”
“Yeah? And if I do? I know how this game works. I tell you, you kill me.”  He eyed the Russian, unblinking.
The captor seemed to mull over Rafael’s words, then shrugged.  “Yes, this is truth.  But you tell us and you die like a soldier.  Fast.  Not in pieces.  This is preferable.”
A man who descended the stairs two at a time interrupted them.  He was a brute, at least six feet tall. His black crew cut only served to make his face seem even like a square.  He pulled up when he noticed the other man’s face.
Rafael cleared his throat.  They both turned to look at him.  “You do know who I am don’t you?  You know who I’m with?”
The big one grinned, but the other just cast his eyes on him and turned away.  He said something in Russian, and the brute smiled again.  That’s when Rafael noticed the lead pipe in his hands.  His six-foot frame moved fast on long strides and after about two steps he was leaning into Rafael’s ribs with the metal rod.  The first hit cracked a rib.  The snapping sound was unmistakable and for the third time the assassin hit the floor.  His breath left him. The second blow struck him as he lay prone on the floor and then a flurry of them hit his arms and chest.  If he had air he would have cried out, but he didn’t and so he couldn’t.  After each hit the one with the spider tattoo would shout, “You tell us?”  It went on like this for what seemed an eternity.
If I could talk, I’d tell them I painted the Mona Lisa if they wanted me to, dumb fucks.
Then with another word in Russian from the first, the brute stopped and stepped backward, his chest heaving from the effort it took to pummel Rafael.  
“This is going too slow.  Bring her.”
The large one shouted up the stairs, and a chair slid against the floor up above.  There were the sounds of footsteps and then they were coming down the stairs.  Another man appeared, with tats along his arm, this one with webbing along the length of both forearms before they disappeared under his brown short sleeve shirt.  On his shoulder was a tiny thing, a brown haired girl with streaks of blonde lining her face.  She swung like a sack of potatoes on the man’s shoulder.  He pulled a chair from behind Rafael and put her onto it.  He bound her hands like Rafael’s.
What the fuck is going on here?
The man stood behind her hanging head, lifted it up by the hair and placed a slender knife to her throat.  The edge had a dozen ridges on it, each one razor sharp.
“You tell us. Or we must kill the girl.”
“Who is she and why do I care?  Fuck this.  Who are you?”  Rafael couldn’t help himself.  He looked over at the girl with her head slumped forward.  The weight of it was supported by a fist full of hair in the man’s hand.  “Me?  I am the Black Widow.  But this does not matter.  We will kill the girl.  Tell us where the cop is.”
Rafael set his face and looked into the man’s eyes.
Don’t let them know any threats can work, or they’ll keep pulling that string till you unravel.
“I don’t know the girl. Kill her.  I still don’t know what you’re talking about.”  The Russian glared at him, but Rafael noticed the shift in his eye.
He’s not sure.
He made another hand gesture, as if he wanted Rafael to come forward. His shadow bounced in the light of the lone swinging bulb in the cellar.  He was contemplating how he was expected to respond when a small shuffle passed him on his left from behind.  It was an old man.
How long has he been there?
Rafael had never even noticed him. The man looked back at Rafael as he walked towards the Russians.  A small, almost imperceptible scar ran from his bottom lip to his chin.  The assassin felt the blood drain from his face.  He looked over at the girl again, this time squinting for a better view.
“Richard?”
The man let a wan smile play across his face before it tightened back up.  “Some call me Uncle Dick.”  He nodded at the girl.
The Black Widow laughed.  “Dick, like of the face.”
Rafael thrashed against his binds.  He felt the heat rise into every cut on his face and into each bruise along his body.  “How the fuck could you?!”
Uncle Dick spat on the ground.  “Everyone has a price. Everyone.  Mine was money, yours is her.  Works out for everyone.  Well, everyone except you, I guess.”
The Black Widow laughed.  “Yes, the old man is very tough.  But he almost couldn’t go through with it. Weak.  But he did just enough.  My man had to club him in the head to keep him quiet.”  The Russian shook his head in a somber sway.  “If I hadn’t been ordered to keep you alive, you would be dead old man. Oh well.  We have her.  We have you.”  He held his bloodied knuckles towards Rafael.  “Now we need the cop.”
Uncle Dick walked towards the stairs and sat down rubbing the back of his head.
Fuckers never know when to retire.
“Well, like I said, I don’t know who the fuck you’re talking about.”
The Black Widow let out a hiss of exasperation and nodded to his large companion.  The large man rolled his neck, letting it issue a series of pops and rolled his shoulders back, loosening them up.
Guess he doesn’t want to pull something while he beats my brains in. I really do wish I knew what the fuck they want.
Just before the man got to him Rafael threw a broken smile, his usually slicked back hair fell in damp bloody tresses across his forehead.  “Okay you Red bastard, let’s do this.”  The Russian put his knuckles into the side of Rafael’s cheek in answer, sending his head to the right in a snap that nearly threw his jaw into his shoulder. The assassin took the hit anticipating the swing, but it wasn’t nearly enough, as the Russian knew how to punch through an unmoving target quite well.  Stars exploded through the back of Rafael’s eyeballs just a second before the second hit struck him across his lips, sending a fresh stream of blood down his mouth.  The third hit tossed Rafael and the chair to the floor and a string of his red spit hung from his loose lips.
“This is all futile, yes.  Just tell us where he is.  Why protect a cop who tried to kill you?” The Black Widow was speaking to the ceiling as if it were more interesting than the beating happening three feet from him.  Uncle Dick seemed to look past the whole scene and his eyes darted back and forth between Rafael and the girl unconscious in the chair over.
Are you fucking serious?  Is that who they want?
His lips felt like he had swallowed socks and everything tasted of salt and iron.  But as the big Russian loomed over him, Rafael mumbled something.  It caused the Black Widow to raise his hand and stop the oncoming brute.
“What?  What is this you said?”  He crouched down to Rafael. A pair of black military boots perfectly shined met the assassin’s eyes.
“You guys ever just think of asking,” he fumbled over his clumsy tongue.  Rafael muttered an address. At the very least it could buy him time.
They won’t kill me until they verify the information.  I won’t be any good as a damned vegetable either.
The Black Widow snapped his fingers at the large man who immediately went up the stairs and called out something in Russian to his compatriots.  Still squatting so close to the assassin that he thought to bite him, the Black Widow continued in his thick English.  “This is good.  We go there, we find the cop, we find the money, and we kill you fast.”  He stood up, a smile reaching to his ears.  “You are still a whole man.  No missing toes or fingers, yes this is good.”  He clapped his hands together in a thunderous collision.  “Very good.”
The noise seemed to bring the girl around from her fist-induced slumber.  Her head lifted barely an inch on her stretched out neck.  She caught sight of Rafael and her already confused eyes reeked further of bewilderment.  The Black Widow saw her stir and one long stride put his fist through her face. She crumpled back into her chest and hung quite still, returned to an unpleasant blackness, Rafael was sure.  Uncle Dick stood up at this, unsure what to do but unwilling to do much.
Fucking coward.
The Black Widow walked over and grabbed the old man and verily flung him up the stairs. “Go.  Go now and wait.”
The whole scene struck Rafael Rontego as funny.  He began to laugh.  He laughed through his cracked lips.  He laughed past his swollen tongue and iron glazed teeth.  He laughed past the bruises in his stomach and laughed so hard tears fell from his clenched eyes as the pain ripped through his battered abdomen.  The Black Widow and Uncle Dick turned to look at him.  No doubt they thought he had finally cracked.  For a moment Rafael thought maybe he had.  But he laughed all the harder.  He laughed so hard his stomach seized up and strained against his bonds trying to fold in half so that he could collapse inward on the pain.  The veins in his neck tightened with the effort.
“What?  What is so funny?”  The Black Widow had a crease on his face that spoke half to irritation and half to confusion.
Rafael gasped for air between laughs and with water still beading at the corners of his eyes he looked at the Black Widow through a haze of salt water.  “I’m going to kill every last one of you.”  He laughed again.  Just as hard, and bucked against his binding willing his wrists to gain freedom or crack in the attempt. He laughed and laughed until finally the Black Widow’s boot took him full on the side of his head.  As he hung onto consciousness as if it were a breaking thread he heard the Black Widow mutter something about “Americans think they’re all John Wayne.”  Then he slipped into the infinite abyss and dreamt of cowboys and Indians all the while yelling, “I’m the fucking Duke! I’m the fucking Duke!”
Chapter 10

Ivan had Tom Coughlin and Jimmy Jacks drop him off at Eddie’s apartment complex.  For all of his desire to be part of the Don and his inner circle he just didn’t trust Tom Coughlin.  He had the feeling that he might be able to trust Jimmy Jacks, the man was always nice and wore a smile, but he was never far from Tom.  Besides, it was often a smile and a hitter’s façade of kindness that led soldiers to suddenly waken at the River Styx awaiting the boatman Charon.
He had no delusions about what awaited him on the other side if God decided that being a soldier wasn’t a cause worthy of exemption from Hell.  Being thus decided upon his fate, Ivan wanted to be as far away from his comeuppance as possible. Even if soldiers were exempt, Ivan felt pretty sure that gangsters occupied a class of soldier that missed the cut.
He walked up a set of stairs that passed through a wrought iron fence.  A small panel on the fence held buttons like a telephone and he entered the code Eddie gave him on the cell.  The entry panel beeped twice, a locking mechanism clicked and the gate swung forward about an inch.  He pushed through and walked through a small outdoor atrium where a set of concrete steps curved upstairs to a balcony that ringed the interior of the complex.  Rows of doors greeted the grassy rectangle below just beyond the lips of a thin balcony.
He reached door 333 at the end of the balcony at the farthest corner of the rectangle.  A small set of black steps trailed downward from that corner and Ivan nodded his head in approval at Eddie’s choice of living.
Nearby exits in either direction.
He knocked twice, two sure handed thuds on the door.  A woman on one side of the outward facing windows looked through her blinds.  The movement caught his attention and he looked over at her, making brief eye contact.
The blinds snapped shut.
A couple of locks inside of Eddie’s apartment clicked over and slid away and the door swung open.  The driver wasn’t dressed in the suit and hat that he had last seen Eddie wearing.  He rubbed some sleep out of his eyes though and stepped back, his baggy jeans and white ribbed tank top clearing the circle of light that hung in the hall. “Come in man. No need to stand in the hall like a fucking cop.”
Ivan nodded his head and stepped across the threshold.  The place was bare except for a television in the living room that immediately greeted him and a small recliner.  Several boxes littered the place and a small kitchen emptied into a bedroom that had covers strewn over the edge of the bed and onto the floor.  Beer bottles lined the countertop of the kitchen and he could smell stale beer lingering in the air.
“You drunk?”  Ivan said it and glanced over at the bottles.
“I don’t sleep so good.”  Eddie’s eyes were red but he seemed lucid enough.
“Me either.  Tough night for sleep all around it seems.”  The driver yawned and looked at him, waiting to hear what was going on, no doubt.  Ivan felt he needed to clear something up first. “If you’re with me, I need you clear headed. Understand?”
Eddie glanced at the beer and then at Ivan.  After a moment he shook his head.  “Understand.”
“Good.  Things are goin’ on.  I can’t say much, mostly because I don’t know much.  You have steel in here?”  Ivan circled the room as he talked.  A few pictures lined the wall.  One looked like it was just a frame that Eddie had never put a picture in.  A stock photo hung there with some catalogue-looking white family with perfect teeth.
Maybe if they had gold teeth.
Eddie smiled, flashing a bit of the tinsel that lined his bottom row. “Oh I have steel alright.  Wait here.”
He disappeared into the bedroom and for a fleeting second Ivan felt the hairs on his neck spring up.  He didn’t like sending someone to fetch guns and then losing sight of them.  He resisted the urge to follow Eddie.
Respect the man and earn his in turn.  Treat a man like a snitch; treat a man like nothing, do that and he’ll snitch on you like its nothing.
Ivan glanced at the next photo in line.  A girl played on the sand at the beach, what beach he couldn’t tell.  She was a small tan thing with dark hair and darker eyes that caught the flash of the camera as if it turned her pupils into pebbles of pure onyx.  When Eddie came back toting a large duffle bag, Ivan had to shake his head to pull himself away from the little girl.  The driver threw the bag on the chair and Ivan threw his thumb back over his shoulder and asked, “She yours?”
“Yeah.  Well, not really now, but I helped make her.  She was five then.”  He unzipped the back and looked at its contents clearly hoping to shift the subject.
“And now?”  Ivan studied the creases that leapt onto the driver’s forehead.
“And now she’s ten and now she’s her mother’s on account they say I ain’t a fit parent. Bitch mother of hers won’t let me see her.”
Ivan shook his head.  “That ain’t right.  Not at all.”
Eddie chewed on his lip and rummaged in the bag, pulling out a box of ammunition. “No.  It isn’t.”
He took several boxes from the Mexican and pilled them on the counter.  Various types of ammunition began to pile up.  “Do whatever it takes to see her.  To get her back.”  Eddie nodded but Ivan continued.  “I’m fucking serious.  Whatever it takes.  This thing with me and you works out we’ll ask that Polish fuck of an attorney to take a look at things.  He knows about family.”
The driver nodded his head slowly.  “What about you?  Kids?  Family?”
Eddie pulled out a silver Glock with a black grip; he had a twin set of them.  He lined them on the countertop that bordered the living room and reached back in pulling out a much larger weapon.
“Jesus Christ.  Is that an AK-47?”  Ivan whistled and picked it up.
“Yep, with a collapsible stock.  But I prefer this.”  He held aloft a 357 SIG.  “It’s a Springfield XD.”
“What’s an XD?”  Ivan clutched the twin Glocks, one in each hand, feeling their weight.
“Extreme Duty.”  He grinned and put the gun in his waistband.
Ivan laughed.  “Fitting.  You know what?  I’d like a beer if you have one. Then let’s talk business.”
Eddie grinned.  “Now you’re talking my language.”  He walked to the fridge and pulled out a set of blue cans.  He cracked them open and handed one to Ivan who took a sip and felt the bubbly liquid cool his throat all the way down.  His time in the bar with The Pope felt like ages ago.
The two of them leaned against the counter and took a few more sips of the beer and then Ivan spoke.  “I have to find a guy.  It’s been ordered from up top.  This guy is probably the closest thing to a father I’ve ever known.  The order, well let’s say it isn’t a good one.  Not one I like or want but orders, well…”
“Orders are orders.”  Eddie nodded his head in somber fashion and looked into the mouth of his beer can.
“Yeah, well my order is to find him. And then…we’ll deal with that when we get there.  There are other interested parties so time matters.  I don’t trust anybody.”  Eddie raised an eyebrow at him.  “Anybody, yet,” he continued.  “But that can change and so can orders.  But we do this for them and the big guys are going to give me quite a lot in exchange.  You help me and I’ll do more than a grand a week for you. Much more.  What I need to know is, right now, are you in this for the long haul?  Are you my man?”
Eddie issued a small quick stutter laugh. “I mean, fuck.  Do I have a choice?  It’s not like I can get a job selling stock portfolios. Life of a soldier is all I ever knew anyway.  Plus that grand you gave me was almost what I made in a month.  So I guess I mean, fuck yeah.  Let’s do this.”
Ivan and Eddie clasped hands; the Russian clasped the Mexican’s crown-inked wrist as they confirmed their pact to find the Italian assassin.
A little while later, Eddie took the wheel while Ivan reclined in the rear seat.  The two of them were now heavily armed with Eddie shoving his collapsible AK-47 into a side compartment built into the door of his car.  The resourceful ex-con was full of surprises.  Besides the gas-operated automatic rifle, Eddie had his SIG strapped in his waistband and Ivan took the pair of shoulder holsters that hung in the Mexican’s bedroom.  Stuffed under each arm a silver Glock snuggled in for comfort.
“So why are we going to see this guy?”  Eddie looked back at him.
“Because he’s the brother of a guy I met earlier tonight.  He might know a bit about all this.  His brother wasn’t in a condition to do much talking and when he finally decided to, I was passed listening, if you know what I mean.”  Ivan felt weariness wash over his body and he slouched in the back of the car as rows of street lamps passed the car in ghost like drifts of illumination. “I need some food before we head over there.  Anything open at this hour?”
“There’s a Mighty Taco not far.”
“Let’s get that so we can keep driving.  They got a drive through, right?”  He felt his mouth salivate just thinking of food.
How long has it been since I ate?
On the Hill you never missed a meal.  They told you when to eat, where to eat, and how to eat it.  Afterwards they told you where to shit and how big.
A few minutes later and Ivan was tearing into the best taco of his life.  They served tacos now and again at Elmira but he was pretty sure they used dog food or horse meat in those.  This wasn’t much better as far as the meat content, but even a bit better tasted like heaven.  Eddie sipped on a soda in the front and looking back at Ivan said, “That’s the fake shit.  You should taste the tacos my mom used to make.  Delicioso.  That’s Spanish for tasty in case you didn’t know.”
“I fucking know.  Asshole.  Keep driving.”  Ivan shook his head and took down a small cup of water as they drove further away from the heart of Buffalo and back into Cheektowaga.  He could see Eddie grinning through the rearview. They were heading to 44 Benzinger Street, a place people on the street called the temple of Moscow.  It was really just a Russian Orthodox Church called Saint Peters.
They pulled up to the building of grey brick that rose up from the earth and buried itself against the dark sky’s underbelly.  Two green caps rested on two brick towers that escorted the building on its way up and then left it behind for about another dozen feet. A curved crimson hat rested on top of the central building and rose almost to a height with the towers.  Three large crucifixes adorned the building.  Two bronze ones that had turned to an oxidized green garnished the green caps that perched atop either tower.  A third faced the street from the middle building and hung over them from in front of the curved crimson roof.  All three structures were graced with arching windows, the only difference between them being the dark holes that filled the arches of the towers versus the stained glass windows that colored in the larger set of triple arches across the front of the cathedral. They shone gold from the light bouncing off of the internal illumination.
Large double doors made of light cedar wood set in the stone at the top of a wide but short set of stairs.  On either side of the double doors, a solitary cedar door stood in lonely flanking duty ready to be used for the large exodus of people when the final sermon was over on the next holiday that drew the masses forth.
“Want me to go in with you?” Eddie asked.
“No.  You might want to keep your distance.  It’s been many years since I entered His place.  I might draw the flames of every candle in that building.”
Eddie unlocked the back door and Ivan slid across the seat, exiting the car on the side that opened onto the sidewalk.  A cool breeze drifted across his face as he left the Lincoln.  The scent of pine trees and freshly fallen leaves rode the gentle twist of the wind.  At just before midnight the city was silent, apart from the distant rumble of a car going by and the rustling of the wind as its fingers curled beneath scattered and forgotten leaves and heaved them towards the heavens in helpless flights of fancy destined to fall short and slowly glide back to rest on the sidewalks once again.
Ivan drew the crisp air into his lungs and zipped his hoodie up over his twin firearms.  He bound up the concrete stairs two at a time and in moments he was in front of the cedar doors that led into the sanctuary.  Each one he tried was locked; as well it might be at this hour.  The light inside beckoned however, and as far as Ivan could recall from his youth, the priests of this church had their quarters inside the building.
Ivan raised his fist and pounded on the wooden doors.  “Father!  If you‘re awake please open the doors!”  He pounded the door several more times just to make sure the priest heard him.
For a long moment there was nothing but silence.  Ivan looked back towards the car, shrugged his shoulders, and then raised his fist to knock again.  Before he could knock, the door began to open with a slow groan.  Despite the cedar’s protestations, it ground open and a small man with eyeglasses so thick they looked like bottle bottoms squinted out at Ivan from beyond a crack in the doorway.  A bright yellow glow sliced the gloom in a vertical line of light that caught Ivan in his eyes.  The old man, much older than Pavel, squinted at Ivan as he squinted back trying to let his eyes adjust to the light.  Having little immediate success he raised a hand to shield his eyes from the brightest part of the glow within.
“Eh?  What do you want?”  The man pushed the door open a bit more but stood squarely in the doorway, clearly not ready to let Ivan pass.  He crossed one arm in front of him, holding his other arm by the elbow, while his free hand stroked his long grey beard.  Flecks of white nestled among the grey and his fingers seemed to find those strands more often then the rest of his beard.
“A word, Father.”  Ivan gave the man the best stare he could, trying to let the Father know that he didn’t have time for games.
It served of little use.
The greybeard stood up straight and snapped his eyes open, which seemed to magnify beneath their fishbowl lenses.  With orbs three times the size of a normal man, he stopped stroking his beard and folded both arms across his chest.  “Words at midnight hardly seem appropriate, sir.”  He began to push the door closed.  “Come back when it’s daylight.”
Ivan pushed his foot in the path of the door and bit his lip when the wood smashed into his foot.  But he ignored it as best he could and said, “It concerns Pavel.  Dmitris’ brother.”
The priest’s desire to crush Ivan’s foot fled instantly, and his hands went into his plush purple robes as if a chill took him.
“What do you want?” he said.  He swallowed and the beady eyes shrunk again into a squint.
“Like I said, a word.”
Ivan pushed the door the rest of the way open and walked into the church.  A large entryway lined with small pictorials of the crucifixion lined his left and right.  In front of him were row upon row of wooden pews in three columns. On either side of the wooden benches, stained glass windows greeted him in a myriad of blues, and reds, and greens.  Various biblical scenes were played out in frozen murals of colored glass. His eye was drawn to the ten foot crucifix almost immediately though.  His head adorned in a crown of thorns, the image of Jesus hung suspended from a cross which in turn hung suspended from the wall behind the alter.  He stopped walking and looked at it, the sad eyes of Jesus tilted downward as if staring directly at him.
Then he heard the hammer of a pistol click behind him.
He froze.
A second later he heard the bang.
Chapter 11

He awoke with a start.  Nearly falling off the leather seat of the car he glanced up and saw the red gleam of the light cascading off the window while the car idled.  He sat up and rubbed the sleep from his eyes.  His throat felt raw and usually it would bother him enough that he would make Nuncio stop for water but he didn’t even think about that.  He was dozing off but his own thoughts echoed back at him.
One is retired.
He disregarded him because he was retired but that was stupid.  The man was as crafty as they come and he was always a greedy fucker.  The Pope couldn’t discount the possible involvement of the Bonanno crew but neither could he discount that retired old fuck either.  After all, he had been close to Muro and that rat bastard ended up being a traitor too in the end.
Nuncio had the Town Car in the left hand turn lane and the light flicked to green.
“Nuncio, we’re not going home after all. We need to see an old friend.”
The driver, already turning left, glanced back at him.  “Where to boss?”
“We need to go see old Dick LoGalbo.”
Nuncio nodded and hit a U-turn almost immediately.  He crossed a set of double yellow lines and aimed the car back uptown on Delaware Avenue.
“You know where he lives?”  The Pope asked as the rear of the car fishtailed and righted itself as Nuncio accelerated.
“Yeah, he lives near Forest Lawn Cemetery.  All the guys joke that he has one foot in the grave so he just wants to make things easier.”
The Pope resisted the urge to smile.  “If I know one thing about Dick it’s that he won’t make anything easy for anyone.  He’s crafty and when backed into a corner he’s proven himself to be downright deadly.”  The Pope looked out the window but his wan reflection gazed back bouncing off the black windows.  His cheeks looked sunken and the dark circles under his eyes looked deeper.  He sighed, feeling the weight push him down further into his seat.
I won’t make things easy on you.
“You’re packing, right Nuncio?”
“Always.”
From where he sat The Pope could just see the driver’s knuckles on the wheel.  They were nearly twice the size of his own and he didn’t doubt for a moment that Nuncio wouldn’t even need a gun.  He could strangle Dick LoGalbo with his bare hands if he wanted to.
The Pope shuddered thinking of it.  “How’s your mother?”
Nuncio cleared his throat, a bit startled by the abrupt change in topics. “She’s good.  Real good.”  He paused for a moment and looked out the window briefly before turning his eyes back to the road in front of him.  “She prays for you.”
He felt the heat rise to his face but he swallowed the bitter pill labeled “pride” and said, “Tell her I appreciate it.” He looked at his hands.  Clothes held the rest of his bones together and shielded their emaciated nature from everyone but himself.  But his hands told the truth.  The looked feeble even to him.  Even so, a funny thought struck him.  “You don’t pray for me, Nuncio?”  He raised an eyebrow, knowing the driver would look back at him through the rearview again.
“No, boss.”
“Why is that old friend?”  He didn’t really give a shit but he liked to torture Nuncio a little bit.
“Because you don’t need praying for.  You’re either gonna cheat death and live forever in spite or you’re gonna outsmart the devil and Saint Peter and find yourself in a place a damn sight better than where I’m at or going to be.”
That made The Pope lean back and smile. “Thank you, Nuncio.”
“For what?”
“For not praying for me.”  He looked back at his hands and clenched his fist.  There was strength still left in that grip.
“Any time, boss.”
It was another five minutes of silence before they reached the address where Dick LoGalbo lived.  80 Berkley Place stood three stories high.  White aluminum siding rose up in neatly stacked rows, broken up only by a tarred overhang at the first level.  It then rose two more stories with the third level being three small windowed rectangles that jutted out of the roof.  An old elm spotted the square patch of grass that led under an overhang above the front door, supported by neatly stacked stones formed into two columns. Nuncio stopped the car right in front of a sidewalk that ran straight to five red steps that, in turn, led to the front porch and then to a door painted white.  
“Want me to wait in the car?” Nuncio asked the question but he was already taking the safety off of his gun.  He knew The Pope wasn’t merely curious about his packing heat earlier.
“No.  But I don’t want to go in there with guns blazing or anything like that either.  This man retired years ago.  If he stayed retired we have no problems and we move on.  Capice? I just want to ask a few questions.”
The Pope knew this was more delicate than it might seem.  Dick LoGalbo retired before the war, despite his known fondness of Muro.  A wise choice because Muro was dead, as was the man he worked for.  But before he retired Dick was a man no one messed with.  He had a way of knowing about the color of your shit before you even did.  He also had friends all over the country and more importantly he had friends in New York City.  The untouchable kind.
Almost as an afterthought he said, “We should put on our work gloves.”
Nuncio nodded. The man pulled out a pair of black gloves from the aptly named glove compartment and rolled them over his huge hands, tossing a second pair back to The Pope who did similarly.
The two men walked towards the house and up the walk.  Nuncio wore his normal dark suit and held his Glock under the folds of his jacket.  He led the way and The Pope made his way up to the stairs, glancing left and right to see if any neighbors were looking out of windows.  He didn’t see any but that meant very little with all the street side facing windows.
Nuncio bounded up the steps and rapped on the door.  The sound echoed off of the pavement, sending The Pope’s eyes back behind them and to the sides checking the windows again.  The two of them stood on the stoop for what seemed like several minutes and Nuncio raised his fist as if to knock again.
“No, don’t knock again.”  The Pope said, stopping the large man as his knuckles stopped just short of the wood. “Let’s go around back.”
Nuncio nodded his head and followed The Pope from the patio.  As the grass crunched under their shoes, they walked over to a dilapidated wooden gate that boxed in a backyard from the neighbors.  Overgrown grass greeted them on the other side, speckled with long weeds that sprouted up in uneven intervals through the tiny enclosure. The sound of an angry frog croaked at them from somewhere in the dark recesses of the grass.  They walked up to a sliding glass door that blocked their entrance and Nuncio knocked on it, the glass frame shaking with the impact.
“I don’t think he’s here, boss.”  Nuncio shrugged.
“It appears so.  Can you get inside anyway?”
The driver raised an eyebrow. “Of course I can.”  He made no move to actually do it but stared at him as if waiting for The Pope to spell it out.
“Well then, do it.”  He waved him at the door and Nuncio sized up the frame. He looked towards the bottom of the door and the Pope assumed he was looking for a wooden beam that would prevent the door from sliding.  He followed the large man’s gaze and saw nothing down there.  Placing one hand on either side of the sliding glass door, he gripped it and leaned his body forward.  He rocked the frame back and forth a second then squatting down he lifted up, pushing the frame of the sliding door up and off the track.  It opened with a pop and then Nuncio pushed the door to the side while it squealed in protest, having been so disengaged from its normal route.
When they pushed past a set of swinging plastic blinds that hung in long columns they found themselves in a dim living room.
“He could be sleeping,” Nuncio whispered.
“Through all that pounding, I doubt it.”  The Pope found that he whispered back in reply regardless.
“He’s old.” Nuncio hissed.
“Well, then fucking go check.”  The Pope stopped whispering and felt his way along the back of a sofa.  “I’ll see if I can find anything important.”
“Okay” he started to move away but swung back around after only a step. “But where’s the bedroom?”
“The fuck should I know?”  He waved Nuncio towards some stairs in the back nearer to the front door than the back.  The driver nodded his head and lumbered away.  The Pope shuffled towards the kitchen and looked over a small stack of bills in there.  The house creaked as Nuncio ascended the stairs.
He sure is jumpy for a big guy.
The stack of paperwork had nothing more than some cable bills, a cell phone bill, and a set of medical bills.  He put them all down then thought twice and picked up the cell phone bill and put it in his pocket.
Maybe we can find out who he’s been talking to.
He noticed a glow under an adjacent door to the living room and his heart leapt up and grabbed his uvula.  Maybe the old man was home.  He looked towards the stairs, suddenly wishing he hadn’t sent his driver up there, more specifically the gun he carried with him.  He glanced around and saw a set of steak knives on the countertop.
He grabbed a cleaver.
I’m too old for this shit.
He folded his lips under his teeth and slowly walked towards the door.  A pale blue light flickered on the other side as if someone were changing the channels to a television set.
But if they’re watching TV then where is the sound?
He crept along the tile of the kitchen and made his way by moonlight across the floor and onto the carpet in the living room. He neared the door and placed his hand on the doorknob.
Thud, thud.
He looked up in the direction of the sound, frozen except for the swivel of his head.
Nuncio.
He stifled a small cough into his fist and let a slow steady stream of air slip past his nostrils and turned the doorknob.  When he knew the mechanism had cleared the frame, he silently eased the door open with his left hand, and raised the cleaver up in his right.
The office was empty.
A small desk stood sentry against the back wall of the room, a bookcase lined the adjacent wall.  Blue light flickered over various texts. The light cascaded over the books from a computer, it’s screen saver flashing different photographs of exotic locales he doubted Dick LoGalbo had ever even seen.   Lowering the knife, he walked over to the computer and shook the mouse.  He hoped to catch a glimpse of what took the old man out of his house at this hour but all he got was a login and password prompt.  He glanced over the desk and saw an unmarked envelope laying in the dim glow of the now white light emanating from the screen.  The white rectangle lay ripped along the seams.
He heard a thud upstairs again followed by a low piercing beep, like somebody left a microwave without pulling out the cooked food.  It was quiet from the office, but was clearly coming from upstairs.  He took a step towards the door when he heard footsteps coming down the staircase.
Then he stopped.
Who opens an unmarked envelope? No address?  Perhaps it was nothing, but something tugged at his suspicious nature.  He walked back over to the envelope and flipped it over.  A small stamp lay on the back center of the rectangle.  The small black spider was smudged a bit, as the careless handler hadn’t waited for the ink to dry before flipping it.  Other than that there were no markings and the contents had been emptied.  He put it back down on the desk.
He stared at it even as Nuncio ran past the doorway whispering “Boss.  Boss?”  His voice sounded tight even at the low volume.
The Pope whispered back, “In here.  What?”
“I’m not sure.  Maybe I tripped an alarm but it’s definitely on a count down of some sort.”  He stood in the doorway and waved him over. “We gotta go.  Now.”
The Pope took a step towards him, then without knowing exactly why, grabbed the envelope and shoved it into his pocket.
The steady whine of the beep was growing louder and Nuncio’s gloved hand waved him frantically and led the way towards the front door.  The Pope hustled along behind him, wondering where he’d seen that emblem before.
“I’m sorry boss.  I don’t want us to get pinched.” He turned the deadbolt and pulled the handle, waving The Pope through the doorway.  The night air filled his lungs with the scent of the elm tree in the front yard and Nuncio slammed the door behind them.  He paused for a moment, sure that he was about to remember where he has seen that symbol before, but Nuncio’s hand found the small of his back as he ushered him towards the car. “I pulled a safe down from the back of his closet.  I was hoping to find something we could use.”  He looked down at the walk as he pulled the door open for The Pope and put him inside the back of the car.  “Or a quick score.”
Where the fuck have I seen that symbol?
Nuncio slammed the car door shut and began to run around the front of the Lincoln when the blast tore through the black night sky sending orange flames twenty feet into the air.
The Pope saw nothing but white.
Chapter 12

Kira felt a thousand tiny explosions rock her brain and her lips felt like someone had torn them in half.  At first she couldn’t remember what happened.  The weirdest dream floated beyond her mind’s grasp, she was sure of it.  She just couldn’t place it.  She had to pee and an incessant dripping in the dark world beyond her closed eyes simultaneously called for her to fully awaken while irritating her need to relieve herself.
She smelled mildew. Soured water and damp stone filled her nostrils.  She willed herself to open her eyes, but only one responded.  Only one responded well enough anyway.  The other felt puffy and she was pretty sure it was swollen shut.  The room was dark.  Someone was breathing in the blackness but she couldn’t see well enough yet to determine exactly where. She tried to reach up and feel her eye but her hands pulled taut against some bindings.  Her wrists felt chaffed and her neck hurt.  It felt as if she slept on it at an awkward angle. She rolled her neck, stretching it out.  Slowly the world around her came into focus as her eyes adjusted to the gloom.  The breathing near her was labored and it sounded like someone was asleep less than a dozen feet from her.
The basement seemed to glow as white brick pulled out of the shadows.  She licked her lip and the wetness of her tongue found dried blood caked there and a small sting pulsed from the wound.  Still the small explosions seemed to fog her brain.  With her good eye she scanned the room.  A dark silhouette lay on the floor and looked to be sprouting chair legs from its ass.
Everything began to flood back to her in a continuous wave of images, the mall explosion, Uncle Dick getting clubbed, the Russian that stank of old Vodka.  She remembered the warning on her phone and wondered how it had come to this. She wondered if Uncle Dick was dead.
Why am I here?
It wasn’t like she was a loose end.  Except now they had turned her into a loose end.  She knew their faces.  She knew their tattoos.  She knew what that meant.
“I’m dead.”  She said out loud.  The need to hear her voice compelled the words to come out.  The only question was why they hadn’t done it yet.
“No you’re not.”  The voice was cracked and hoarse and drifted along the shadows from the prone silhouette. “It’s just dark in here and you feel like shit.  But you feel so you know you’re alive. That and you can speak.  The dead can’t speak.”
Her heart raced and each pulse sent a wave of agony through her broken lip.  She wondered if Bobby would hit on her the way she looked right now.  “Where are we?”
“In a basement.”  The man couched and it sounded wet.
“Thanks for the obvious.”  She tried to get a better look at him, but one eye and no light made it impossible to distinguish his features. “Why are we here?”
“Well, I’d say but it should be obvious. You obviously don’t like to hear the obvious so I’ll let you figure it out.”
The voice seemed to cough again or laugh, she couldn’t tell.  The cobwebs began to drift away as her mind struggled to work the angles.
Who are the pieces?
She knew who lay at her feet.  It could only be one person.  But did he know her role?  Probably not.  “Is Uncle Dick dead?”
“No.  He lives… for the moment.  Curious though, him not being in here.”
Silence filled the room again and the dripping from the rafters or the floorboards, depending on your perspective, rhythmically hit the basement floor in small splashes.
“They probably wanted to keep us separated.”  The second she said it her brain kicked back against another pulse of pain and she knew that something wasn’t right with that theory.
“Yeah.  But not us?  Keep working at it.  I could tell you, you know.”  She could feel his smugness permeating the mildewed air.
Her face flushed and her stomach folded in on itself as the reality of the situation began to creep into her mind.  “Except there’s one problem with your theory.  They clubbed him too.  I saw it, before the…before the explosion.”
Christ, all those people.  That didn’t make sense either.  Why kill all those people just to get me?
“Seems the old man had a soft spot for you right to the end.  Tried to warn you.  Amateur.  Once you commit you better fucking commit.”  His voice was even and steady even under the labored breathing.  His voice sent a chill over her.  She didn’t like him having that sort of power over her.
“You sound pretty tough for a guy who is tied to a chair.  Seems like they outsmarted you, too.”  If her lips hadn’t been so cracked she would have attempted a cocky smile.
“I wasn’t outsmarted.  Careless perhaps, but not outsmarted.  Maybe even betrayed.”  His voice sounded less smug despite his proclamations and Kira’s lip curled upward despite the pain.
Poor bastard really has no clue.
Footsteps paced past the door at the top of the stairs.  Both of them stopped talking as if it were written on a neon sign above them.  The footsteps faded.
“Well then, genius, what’s your plan to get out of here?”  She pulled against her binds but couldn’t move them so much as an inch before the plastic began to dig into her flesh.
“First, I’m going to get out of this chair.  Then I’m going to kill every last one of those cocksuckers.”  His tone left no room for debate.
“Well, then, tell me how and let’s stop wasting time talking to each other.” She tried the binds around her wrist again for good measure.  The chair was pretty high up her back, almost to her shoulder blades.
“I need you to get your chair over here, as close as you can.  Then I need you to take those tiny feet of yours and stomp the shit out of my hand.  If you break the bones, I can slip out before it starts to swell.  Then I can get to my knife, if my fingers still work.”  He shifted his body, the chair moving with him as he slid to expose his hand as much as he could in order to provide her with a clean shot.
“You have a fucking knife? Why didn’t you say so?”  Her tongue felt heavy and thick in her mouth, but the pain seemed to leave her alone for a moment as her adrenaline began to kick in with the glimmer of hope.  “But I’m not breaking your hand.  What good would you be one-handed anyway?”
“You’d be surprised.”  But he didn’t ask why, instead he looked at her.  She could feel his eyes on her from the darkness.  She had seen his grey eyes before and she could picture them now.  Searching, wary, but lacking in some way she couldn’t define.
She ignored his words and she ignored those eyes.  Taking a deep breath she brought one leg up onto her chair, and then the other.  She squatted as if she meant to spring up but instead she leaned forward, taking care not to throw too much weight forward lest she face planted on the concrete floor.  She pushed her butt up, making sure it cleared the back of the chair, then as slow as she could move, while maintaining the balance of the chair, she lifted her left leg up and leaned her head down between her feet.  The chair rocked forward a bit as her body weight shifted, but it fell back again as she cleared the back of the chair and with one foot still on the seat, it rocked backwards just in time to be caught by her clear foot.  The front legs lifted up, and the back legs of the chair skidded forward, making a quiet scraping sound as the legs scratched against the floor. Kira moved carefully as she lay the chair down at an angle between her legs and then lifted her other foot off of the seat and pulled it behind the chair as well.  Then she was holding the chair in front of her as if she were merely carrying it from one end of the room to the other.
“Impressive.  If I had both my hands I’d clap for you.” His tone seemed different to her somehow, tighter perhaps.
“Fuck off.  So where’s the knife?”
“In my boot.”  He lifted his left leg.
She narrowed her eyes. “They didn’t frisk you?”
“Of course they did.  False heel.”
 She nodded her head.  It really was quite brilliant.  She had never heard of people taking their captives shoes, but she certainly would, in the future.  Kira walked the chair over to him and grabbed the heel he placed on her chair as if she were going to tie his laces.  She grabbed the heel and pulled it down and away from the toes of the boot.  It slid out and around and the smallest black handle, no more than three inches long, was nestled in the crevice.  The blade of the knife ran through a slot that reminded her of a sheath.  It disappeared in the sole of the boot and under his toes.  She pulled the blade out and though it was small, it was sharp and the cold metal seemed to shine in the gloom.
She angled the blade upward in her palm while he rolled over and she cut his binding on one hand and then dropped the blade.  She held her breath for a moment as a sudden fear gripped her.
What if he doesn’t cut me loose?  What if he knows?
But her fear was unfounded.  The hitman took the blade and cut his remaining bind and after rolling his wrists to get the blood flowing, he flicked her binds apart with the blade.  She eased the chair to the floor, remembering that there were people up above.  She examined her wrists. They were raw but otherwise unharmed.
“Thanks,” she said, moving her gaze from her wrists to his face.  She stifled a gasp.  He was battered near to a pulp.  She couldn’t find an inch of his face that wasn’t bloodied or bruised.  She remembered he was a handsome man, his cold grey eyes piercing.  She couldn’t even see his eyes now; so puffy were the lids above them and the cheeks below them.  His nose had definitely been broken and his teeth were caked with blood.
He grunted and turned away from her.  “You’re not looking too great, either.”
She felt her face and winced.  He was right.  She had definitely taken a beating as well.  Kira watched his body limp towards the stairs.  She couldn’t believe he was walking in that condition.  His every breath was a wheeze.
“You know, maybe we can go out the window over there.”
He stopped walking, one foot on the staircase.  She saw the back of his head turn and look at the slender window that lined the upper basement wall, just above ground level.  He looked down. “No.  I have a promise to keep.”
Kira looked at him as he walked up another step, and then she looked back at the window.  She wanted to run, regroup and figure out how to exact her revenge.  She was sure she could slip out of the window undetected.  She certainly didn’t want to be anywhere near the dangerous assassin when he found out her role in his present situation.  Quelling the urge, she swallowed and followed him up the stairs.  When they reached the top they paused. The assassin placed his ear against the door and listened for footsteps.  He held the knife in his hand, his elbow extended for a quick thrust if he needed it.  They stood there on the top steps, the darkness hiding everything except for their shallow breathing.  After a few heartbeats, he placed his hand on the doorknob and tried to turn it.
“Locked.”  He whispered.  Then he took the blade and pressed into the door jam where the bolt nestled into the wall and blocked their exit.  In one fluid motion he brought his other hand down like a club and punched the blade into the jam, popping the door open.  Unfortunately the hit on the lock made a loud cracking noise with a metallic twinge.
“Shit,” Kira said in a quiet hiss.
“Come on.”  He swung the door open and the light of an adjacent room temporarily blinded both of them.  Their eyes adjusted to the new light quickly though and Kira noticed they were standing in a kitchen. There were rooms that curved around on either side and she had the feeling they were in the back of the house. The assassin held one hand in front of his eyes as they fought against him, but he didn’t pause.  He walked immediately to a small kitchen knife that lay on the counter.  Scooping it up, he felt its weight in his hand and then put a finger to his mouth signaling for Kira to remain quiet.
As if I don’t know to be quiet.
The hitman placed his head around the corner and Kira watched his body drop into a cat-like crouch. She crept along behind him, her breath still coming in shallow rasps.  Her body was running purely on adrenaline, and for the moment she forgot the painful bruises and splits in her face.  When she peered around the killer she saw why he had assumed that posture.  About six feet away, lying prone on the sofa, was the man from the mall who pretended to be a cripple.  The hitman took a step forward but Kira grabbed him by the arm.  She didn’t want him going over there and being the only one of them armed.  If something happened to him, she wanted to make sure she had protection too.  She pointed at the kitchen knife and waved for him to give it to her.
He hesitated but handed the blade over then continued a silent walk over to the cripple.  Kira swung out wide of the two of them towards the foot of the sleeping Russian.  She glanced out of the corner of her eye into an adjacent room and saw the front door of the house.  But her attention snapped back towards the man when she noticed he slept with his gun on his stomach and his hand on the gun.  The hitman circled up towards the man’s head and Kira waved a hand towards him.  He looked over at her from over the man’s head.  She mimed pulling a trigger and pointed at the man’s lap.  The hitman nodded his head and then continued his silent approach.
When he was a few inches from the man, he moved so quick his hands blurred in Kira’s vision. One moment the man was asleep on the couch and the next a thin red line seeped from his throat and his eyes widened as if some nightmare became his last reality. The hitman had a hand over his mouth, not that it would have mattered.  The blade severed half of the Russian’s throat.  His feet kicked on the couch, not in resistance so much as a sputtering end to his nervous system. Kira watched the cushions turn to red underneath his shirt and the hands that alternated from trying to pull the hitman’s hands off of his throat and attempting to stem the flow of blood from the crevice in his neck.
But she barely paid attention to all that.
She watched the assassin’s eyes.  Or they watched her, rather. The grey orbs flashed in the dark and as the blood drained from the face of the man on the couch, his gaze never left hers.  He cocked his head and Kira shrank from his stare.  She wished he would stop looking at her like that.
“What?” she whispered.
He didn’t respond but grabbed the gun off the dead man’s chest.  Somehow most of the blood missed the weapon, but it still fell in silent puddles in front of the couch.   Grabbing the gun with one hand, he pointed up at the ceiling with his knife.  Kira nodded understanding.  He walked to a staircase that led upward in the other room.  She followed him but cast a wary glance at the unguarded front door a dozen feet in the opposite direction.
Why did he look at me like that?
Part of her wanted to bolt out the front door and down the street.  But she couldn’t.  Her feet followed the assassin.  He tucked the knife in his belt which held up a pair of pinstripe pants that must have looked nice half a dozen beatings ago.  His torso was stripped down to his blood stained wife beater, revealing dark purple bruises on both of his shoulders and biceps.  Even as injured as he was, Kira couldn’t help but admire his muscles in the dim lighting.  Even simple movements revealed the strength in his corded limbs.
He looked nice too, half a dozen beatings ago.
If she hadn’t hated him so much she might have had a twinge of regret.  Instead, she looked again at his bruises, as they ascended the stairs, and smiled. At the top, a hall ran perpendicular to the stairs.
The hitman paused and leaned on the wall of the stairwell, angling his body as best he could to see around the corner, and kept the gun pointed in that direction.  Not seeing anything, he silently crossed the hall and checked the other side.  When he was sure it was clear as far as he could see, he climbed the last step looking left and right.  He pointed Kira to the left and he turned and began to creep towards the right.  Kira followed his instructions and held her knife in front of her like a blind man’s cane, probing the gloom.
Fuck this, I’m turning on the light.
If anyone awaited her they would have been able to hear her breathing from a mile away.  She glanced along the wall and could vaguely make the outline of a white light switch.
If they can’t hear me breathing they can definitely hear my heartbeat.
It seemed to knock against her chest with desperate ferocity.  Holding the knife in her left hand, she groped to her right for the light switch.  She forced herself to keep her eyes forward.  She tried to see into the dark but she couldn’t make out anything much further than a foot in front of her face. The hair on the back of her neck began to rise upward and Kira lunged towards the light switch and flicked it on. In the second before the bright light blinded her she saw him.
The large Russian from the mall crouched in the hall.  He had a lead pipe in his front hand and his other flew to his face, shielding it from the abrupt light.  Kira shielded her eyes too and tried to bring her knife to bear, but the man sprang forward and pushed her into the wall. Her body bounced off it with a hollow thud and she fell to the floor onto her knees. The air left her body and she gasped when her lungs tried to pull on air that wasn’t there. Still shielding her eyes with one hand, while she supporting herself with her free hand she looked up to see the hitman peering into a dark room at the end of the hall.  The Russian ran towards him, his feet falling heavy on the second story floor.
Why isn’t he turning around?
She tried to call out but her throat caught her voice for a moment.  Still the Russian charged and still the hitman didn’t turn around to confront him.  She forced herself to gulp in oxygen and her lungs expanded allowing her to wheeze, “Rafael!”
Still he didn’t turn right away.  “Rafael!”  The Russian closed in.  He raised the lead pipe for a vicious baseball swing, lining up the assassin’s ribs as if it were tee-ball practice.  He brought the pipe around in a ferocious hack, but the assassin ducked into a roll that sent him sideways and forward, just out of reach of the metal club.  He spun and sprang into a crouch against the hallway wall and pointed the barrel of his gun at the man. The Russian was too fast though and pulled an incredibly rapid back swing that knocked the gun from the assassin’s hand as the pipe smacked against his flesh.
The hit might have broken the bones in Rafael’s hand if he hadn’t gone into another sidelong roll, sending the pipe glancing off of his arm and into the plaster of the wall.  The momentum of the miss threw the Russian to the side and left his ribs exposed. He grunted and tried to pull the pipe free of the plaster.
The assassin came out of his roll, slipped his blade free and lunged up and under the mans armpit, sending his knife in between the rows of the Russian’s ribcage in two quick jabs, his free hand holding the larger man’s bicep from pulling back.  Rafael Rontego pulled the crimson blade out again, trying to angle for a third thrust but the Russian’s adrenaline seemed to shield him from his fresh stab wounds.  He threw his arm wide, swinging his elbow for Rafael’s head.
Rontego ducked, avoiding the elbow by a narrow margin, but the swing served its purpose, allowing the large man to drop the pipe and grab Rafael by his collar.  His muscles bulged, and despite the dual rivers of blood streaming from under his arm, he lifted the assassin clear off his feet and threw him into the wall just above the fresh hole from his backswing. Plaster fell down in clumps and a painful stream of air hissed from Rafael Rontego’s nose.  He hung six inches from the floor, the Russian holding him aloft with one hand still clutching his collar. The other jerked upward and clasped the assassin by the throat.
Kira tried to stand up but her body was slow to react as her lungs struggled to comply.  She stumbled to her feet and staggered sidelong into the wall. Her shoulder propped her up as she made her way towards the assailants.  Rafael’s face turned a bright red that looked to be creeping towards purple. Somehow he managed to look at Kira and the Russian followed his gaze.
The assassin took the distraction.  His hand still clutching his black-handled blade, he brought it up and shoved it into the Russian’s forearm.  The blade went in clean, slicing through the skin and shredding muscle and tendon as it scraped past bone. Rafael let it go, his strength clearly fading with the last vestiges of oxygen clinging to the inside of his lungs.  He struck out at the Russian with his boots, one caught the man in the groin but it just caused him to tighten his grip around Rafael’s purple neck.
The knife poked through the bottom of the Russian’s forearm, blood trailing out from the puncture wounds in his torso, but he leaned his grizzled face back and laughed.  “Little man.  You die now.  Little man.”
Kira continued her slow creep along the wall, her lungs finally pulling in the air she needed.  She crept up behind the Russian, his eyes focused on the now gasping assassin.  She lifted the blade with her left hand, and with her right she pressed the hilt against her palm.  She knew she would need all the force she had in her small frame if she were to have a hope of succeeding.  She inched forward, behind the mountainous shoulders of the Russian.  They bobbed up and down as they contained the struggling assassin.  For a moment, Rafael’s bulging eyes shifted over the man’s shoulders and made eye contact with Kira.  Her breath hitched as she thought it might alert her target.  She recoiled, prepared to thrust. In a low crouch she held the pose and waited to see if he would turn around.  He didn’t.
In one quick motion, Kira sprang forward.  Her aim was true and the knife plunged into the base of the Russian’s skull. The knife slipped past vertebrae and severed the spinal column where it met the brain.  For a second the Russian twitched and then he dropped the assassin completely and fell to the ground.  His large body thumped on the floor in a heap.  Rafael fell on top of him gasping for breath.  Tears rimmed his eyes and mucus hung in strands from his nose. He rolled off of the Russian, who lay there unblinking, but very much breathing on the floor.  He was on his side and Kira pulled her knife out and rolled him onto his back.
Still his chest moved up and down in spasmodic motions.
She glanced at Rafael. The color seemed to be normalizing in his face but dark bruises lined his neck. “Are you okay?”
He coughed and looked up at her, “What took you so long?”
“Right.”  She looked down at the Russian.  “Let’s get out of here before anyone comes back. What should we do about him?”
“What do you mean?”  Rafael looked confused but his grey eyes didn’t leave hers.
“Should we leave him there?  It’s not like he can tell on us.”  She nudged him with her toe to emphasis the point.
Rafael wrinkled his eyebrow at her.  Unblinking grey eyes.
“We end it quick.  Whatever he’s done, he’s a soldier.  Unless he has information, which thanks to you he can’t divulge, he gets a soldier’s death.”  He pulled the blade from the large man’s forearm.  Even as he yanked the steel clear of his arm, Rafael didn’t take his eyes off of her.  When he stooped over the Russian and pulled his blade across his jugular, still his cold grey eyes would not deviate.  A spray of blood speckled Rafael’s face and still the eyes didn’t blink.  The Russian’s breath became a gurgle and in the silence of the hall it echoed between the two still among the living.
Then all became quiet.
When the man lay silent on the floor, the assassin finally broke his stare.  He shut the Russian’s eyes with his fingers and wiped his blade off on the dead man’s shirt.  He picked up the gun and slipped the blade back into the belt of his pants. Then he rifled through the man’s pockets; found a wad of cash and a set of keys.  He shoved the cash in his pocket without even counting it. He turned from her and began to walk towards the stairs.
“Where are you going?”  She stepped over the body in the hall and hurried towards him.
“Anywhere but here.”  He reached the steps and started down. “I saw a car through the blinds parked in the drive.”  He swung the keys he extracted from the pockets of the dead body laying in the hall.  “What do you think the chances are that these start it?”
“Shouldn’t we burn the building or spray ammonia on the blood?”  The last thing Kira wanted was to leave a trail of evidence behind.
“Two things,” He was near the foot of the stairwell now. “First, people only call the cops when good people die. This place will be taken care of by the survivors among our generous hosts. They’ll be back as soon as they figure out I didn’t give them the right cop’s information.” He stopped at the bottom and leaned back, cracking his back.
“I thought you said you told them?”  She didn’t like not knowing all the details.
“I thought so too, but it doesn’t make sense.  These guys wanted a cop. Who would want a retired cop?  They’re like a prostitute that became a nun.  Both are cocksuckers, just one does it behind closed doors now.” He glanced back at her as she stood a few steps upward.
“I don’t get it?”
“No one asks a nun to fuck, they only ask prostitutes.”  He gave her a disapproving wince and turned back around.
Kira felt her cheeks warm but refused to give him the satisfaction of any other hint of her embarrassment.  He started walking towards the front door and she cleared the stairs.
It’s time. I don’t need him anymore.  The Russian is dead. Four feet.
Kira gripped the kitchen knife in her clammy palm.
Three feet.
She waited for him to grab the doorknob of the front door and then made her move.  She picked up her pace, silent.
Two feet.
She could smell his sweat mingling with the hint of iron. He turned the knob. 
Kira lunged.
Then just as fast, the assassin spun around and caught her wrist. Impossibly fast.  His fingers clamped down so hard that her own fingers lost their strength and the knife clattered to the floor.  His other hand grasped her by the neck and suddenly she was swinging around and backwards.  Her feet left the ground and a rush of wind blew over her, generating a feeling of free fall; until her back slammed into the wall. Kira felt the plaster give under the force of the blow. She lost her wind again and her lungs exploded into pain as they attempted to draw air from the nothingness left behind in the vacuum.
Tears pushed through her squinted eyes but she blinked repeatedly and forced herself to open them anyway.  She saw a dozen Rafael’s bouncing off of the watery fragments and then they came together. He was barely an inch from her face and she could smell his breath washing over her in a wave of stale air.  Though he pinned her to the wall, he didn’t squeeze down on her throat and slowly the air returned to her lungs.
“Who the fuck sent you?”  Rontego let go of her and pulled the pistol to bear, leveling it at her forehead from inches away.  His face was calm but the steel eyes flashed.
Kira laughed. “No one sent me, you stupid fuck.”
He slapped her across the face with the barrel of the pistol.  The backhand connected on her jaw and the force flung her head to the side. He sent a new wave of agony coursing through her battered lips.
“I don’t have time for little girl games, Kira.”
He knows my name. He must know my role.
“How?  How do you know my name?  How did you know?” Kira thought she would be scared, but her hands were as steady as her voice.
“Who do you think placed you with Muro?  You think you just happened to be taken in by a cold-hearted killer? When he died, you think you just happened to be taken in by another Sicilian? I fucking know you.”  He kept the muzzle on her face.
“They took me in because of debts they owed my father. Go ahead and kill me, it’ll be a mercy.”  Kira spit on the assassin’s face, the spittle catching him on the left cheek, but he didn’t flinch.  He didn’t move to wipe it away.
“You’re not very smart, are you?”  He actually smiled and it made Kira want to punch him in his bloody grin. “If you wanted to kill me you would have been well advised to at least seem less capable.”
“What are you talking about?”  Kira felt the heat in her cheeks again.  She glanced at the knife lying on the floor.
Rafael Rontego laughed.  “Let me see.  First, that escape stunt downstairs. That was impressive.  Perhaps by itself not a big deal.  But then it got interesting.  You didn’t flinch when I took out our friend on the couch.  Oh, and then you yelled my name upstairs.  I never fucking told you my name.  Third, you stabbed a man in the base of his skull.  A normal person just stabs him in the back. Again, you didn’t flinch when I ripped his throat apart.”  He shook his head.  “Worse, you suggested we get rid of the evidence.  That is hardly victim behavior.”
She wanted to take the assassin down a notch, the anger in her belly threatening to devour her insides.  “Well, I’m not stupid enough to drink opened and drugged Scotch.  You think you’re so smart.  You think you know me. You don’t know shit about me.”
She expected to see him angry, she expected to him to hit her again.  But instead he stared at her again.  Then he cocked the trigger.
“Fine.  Then who are you?  Quick, now, before you die.  Don’t you want me to know the reason you died?”
The tears came back up to her eyes but it wasn’t fear that spurred them forward.  It was hatred.  Her voice trembled at first as the words came out, but they gained strength as she continued. “I’m a child with no childhood.  I’m a student with no teacher. I’m a fatherless daughter. I’m the Whisper in the night. But in all things, Rafael Rontego, I’m your creation, the living testament to your life. And you can rot in hell.”
A strange look passed over Rafael’s face then.  It wasn’t shock.  It certainly didn’t register as remorse to Kira.  It seemed as if he detached from himself.  He rocked backward about half a foot and with the hand not holding the pistol to her face, he reached into his pocket and pulled out a battered pack of cigarettes, only they were different than most cigarettes Kira could recall having ever seen.  They were in a thin black box with some sort of gold emblem gracing the front side of the packaging.  The assassin flipped the box open and pulled out a cigarette.  It too was black but had a gold wrapped butt.  His eyes never left her as he popped the cigarette into his mouth.  The length of it was so smashed up that it bent in two different directions, but the assassin lit it anyway with a metallic lighter that he flicked open with a casual wave of his wrist.  He took two quick pulls on it, filling the room with the scent of burning tobacco. With the cancer stick still hanging awkwardly in his mouth he asked, “You know who got me smoking these?”  Without waiting for her to reply he answered his own question.  “Your father.  He swore up and down that these would change my life.”  He laughed a bit and though his eyes were settled on her they seemed to be looking past her or through her.  Whichever it was she couldn’t decide. “I didn’t even smoke back then.  But I wanted to be cool.  Keep up with the younger guy sorta thing.  I owed your father. Not Muro.  Not Dick LoGalbo.  Your father.  They owed me and so they did as I said.”  He puffed out a trail of smoke, letting his words sink in.  “Until the war that is.”
Kira didn’t know whether or not to believe him, but she decided she didn’t really care.  It changed very little if anything at all.  “When you killed Muro?”  She asked it as flat as she could, but the tremble in her throat and the ice picks in her eyes gave her away.
Rafael Rontego tilted his head.  “Allegedly.”
Even now he won’t admit it.
Kira turned her head and spit on the floor. “Fuck you.”
The assassin twisted his head to the other side and rolled it, causing it to crack.  “The only reason your brains aren’t painting that wall behind you is because of the debt I owe your father. Ivan is one of two people I ever considered a friend on this earth.  It’s because of him you’re not dead.”
She snorted.  “That’s funny.  It’s because of him I’m not gonna rest until your guts litter the floor at my fucking feet.”
Rafael’s mouth tightened and he moved in closer, the smoke stinging Kira’s eyes.  Through the haze of the Sobranie, the cold muzzle of the pistol found her temple.  Her knees felt weak. Her stomach rumbled to remind her she hadn’t eaten in too long.
“In that case…” Rafael Rontego muttered through teeth that clenched the Sobranie butt into a moist patch of gold covered cotton.
Kira closed her eyes.  She refused to let the last sight her green eyes ever saw be the bloodied and broken assassin.
She didn’t have to wait long.  She heard a crack, felt a flash of pain, and knew nothing more.
Chapter 13

Sydney watched as the red and white flashing lights of the ambulance took Alex and Charlotte Vaughn to Buffalo General.  She felt like the weight of the vehicle decided to park on her shoulders.  The tension in her neck nipped at her and she felt it pull on the tendons of her back like a marionette master.  She rubbed her neck as Briggs walked up and placed a large calloused hand on her shoulder and kneaded it.
“Long day.”  He had calmed a bit since they first arrived on the scene.  Finding a lead seemed to have given him some measure of control over the situation.  Sydney nodded, feeling his hand work its magic on her stiff neck.  His hands were familiar to her and she needed that familiarity at the moment.  “Who was that?  He seemed pretty broken up.  Is his lady friend going to make it?”
Sydney pulled away from Briggs’ hand and took a step away. “That was Alex Vaughn and the lady is his wife, Charlotte.  And we don’t know.”  She curled her nose, the smell of acrid smoke hung in the night air.
“The cop? Jesus, that guy can’t catch a break.”
Sydney barely heard Briggs.  Her mind was on Alex’s face.  The guy hadn’t even cried.  The pain wrinkled out of his forehead and out of the corners of his eyes, but then it all seemed to disappear behind some self constructed barrier.  He had even wanted information as to who was responsible.
As if reading her thoughts, Briggs grabbed her shoulder gently.  “Syd, you didn’t give him any information about this did you?  The guy has a bad vigilante habit.”
“I’m not a fucking idiot, Briggs.  Of course not.”  Sydney glanced at her cell phone.  She had a dozen calls missed but none were from the Director and that was all she cared about.
“Whoa, I never said you were.”  Briggs folded his arms and gave her that disapproving tightening of the lips that always seemed to annoy her more than it should. “Anyway,” Briggs did that too, he always changed the subject, “While you were talking to Vaughn I went ahead and called in to Dr. Tolbert and had her search the area of the video for anything.  She found a bag and a cell phone.  It matches the bag from the video on the girl taken by our spider-tattooed assholes.”
Sydney ran her hands through her dark hair; it felt oily even though she took a shower hours earlier.  She glanced at Briggs, his big dark eyes dancing over her face.  She could tell he was concerned.  He didn’t deserve the snap she just regurgitated his way.  “Good work Briggs.  What would I do without you?”
Briggs finally let a small smile crack his face.  The first since they were called to the Galleria. “Probably be director, I suppose.”
Sydney smiled back and began to walk towards the vans serving as the field headquarters.  Briggs fell in at her side.  “I want you to have Agent Conrad pull the phone records for that girl’s cell. I want text messages, pictures, emails accessed, incoming, outgoing, the whole thing Briggs.  If she called a distant relative in Alaska I want to know about it.”
Briggs nodded.
Dr. Tolbert walked over to them, causing the duo to stop.  She held the girl’s bag in her hands, which were covered with gloves.  “Take a look in here.”
“You took that off the scene?”  Briggs frowned.
“We photographed and marked it.  Relax.”  Dr. Tolbert turned to Sydney.  “Take a look.”  She opened the bag and Briggs and Sydney poured over the contents.
“What the fuck?”  Briggs eyebrow furrowed.  “Is that a gun?”
It was Dr. Tolbert’s turn to frown.  “Of course it’s a gun.  It is a Baby Browning Featherweight .25 caliber pistol. Perfect for concealing, perfect for small hands.  Also, note the small chess piece, the pawn.”
“So she played a game of chess and took a piece home.  I don’t get it.”  Briggs flexed his arm in a pseudo stretch.  He always did that when he was mentally stumped.  Sydney used to stump him just to see him flex.
Dr. Tolbert sighed and it seemed to Sydney that a small piece of her died right there. “Do you even read the briefings?  I don’t even know why I contribute to them.  It wasn’t that long ago, during the Ciancetta civil war, I wrote about the body of Muro Lucano and the evidence on scene.  We found a pawn.  A solitary pawn.”
Sydney flashed back to the report and mentally flipped through the pages.  It was two sentences on a five hundred-page briefing. “But it said the pawn couldn’t be linked to anything?”
“Seems like a stretch to me, Lauren,” Briggs said.
“Dr. Tolbert.” Dr. Tolbert said.  “And it’s only a stretch if you fail to see the whole picture, Briggs.”  Dr. Tolbert took out a pad and pencil.  “Look,” she started drawing on the pad, “you have Muro Lucano killed by, we presume, Rafael Rontego.  We find a pawn.”  She drew a miniature timeline. “Then you have Russians show up at Salvatore’s Hotel and take our person of interest.  Then those same Russians blow a crater in the Galleria mall, meanwhile kidnapping an unknown girl who happens to be carrying a pistol and a pawn in otherwise unremarkable bag.”
Briggs blinked at her.
“If that is all coincidence, I’ll fucking retire Briggs.”  Dr. Tolbert crossed her arms and looked at him for an extra moment and then looked at Sydney.
Sydney had heard enough.  “Good job, Doctor.  I’ll keep that theory in my pocket, but it doesn’t solve our current dilemma.  Try and track down that pistol, where it was purchased and who did the purchasing.”
Todd Simmons appeared out of the bustle and looked in their direction and waved her over.  She immediately felt her heart rate jack up. “Briggs, get on that phone lead.  Tell Agent Conrad I need that information like yesterday.”
Ambulances wailed in the distance and one pulled into the lot.  They were rolling in shifts, trying to bring the stabilized wounded to better facilities.  Briggs and Tolbert split up on their individual missions and Sydney was out of excuses to delay checking in with Todd.  She walked over to him as he dispatched some of his men as well.
“Agent Price.”  He sounded much more formal than earlier. “What leads do your men have, anything since the video?”
“We’re working on a few.  Not sure what will present itself as we go along.”  Sydney didn’t feel like divulging every lead to him right now.  She wanted to make sure they were solid first.
“Okay, let me know the second you find anything.”  He looked at her and turned like he was going to leave and then turned back around.  “I need you with me on this Sydney.  None of your half-baked bullshit or vendettas for what was past.”
Sydney flinched and narrowed her eyes. “I never work half-assed Todd.  Never.”
“I’m saying now is not the time.  I have the President on Air Force One.  He’s coming to make a statement.  The microscope up my ass on this one is going to be so big they’re going to see the back of my teeth.”  He sighed and looked down.  He couldn’t even make eye contact with her.  “I know that this person of interest, Rafael Rontego, escaped your grasp moments before you moved in.  I’m not aware of the circumstance but I do know that we can’t afford those kinds of mistakes here.  Not today.”
“Mistakes?”  Sydney nearly choked. “Mistakes?  You clearly don’t know shit, Todd.  We had a small window of hope to grab that piece of shit.  I had to wake up a judge in the middle of the night to get a warrant.”  Her eyes narrowed and Todd took a step back.  “I missed my father’s death to get that fucking warrant.  You can go to hell, Todd.”  She spun around and refused to look back.
“I’m sorry, Syd!”  Todd yelled after her.  She raised her middle finger as she walked away and willed her tears back.  She took a steadying breath.  She needed to get away from the scene and collect herself, but there was really nowhere to go.  She couldn’t leave her men while she skulked.  Instead she found the back of a van and sat down.
Todd can be a self-centered asshole.
She pushed thoughts of her father as far away as she could.  It didn’t seem very distant though and she couldn’t really shake the depressing memories trying to find their way into the front of her mind.
What do we know?
We know that tattooed Russians blew a crater in the mall; the same Russians that took Rafael Rontego, a mafia hitman.  But why?  Why blow up a mall and why kidnap a killer, a connected and wanted killer at that?  And then the little girl, what was her role in all of this? Sydney couldn’t fit the pieces together.
No way in hell this is all a coincidence.
At least they had some leads to go on.  She mulled it over for another moment before there was a loud series of noises to her right and several flashing bulbs split the night sky.  Sydney stood up and looked just in time to see nearly two-dozen reporters and their cameramen walk past her like a stampeding herd of cattle.  They swooped down on the scene like a flock of carrion and Sydney felt repulsed by the necessary evil of the media.  If it were all about information, she would have understood.  But a part of her was confident that the bad news made the headlines because it simply sold more. It was the idea of making money off of the dead, off of personal tragedies of hundreds if not thousands of broken people, which rolled her stomach.
“Fucking vultures.”  A man pulled up next to Sydney.  He watched the hurrying crowd through a pair of thick glasses with brown plastic rims.  He looked like a throwback from several decades before.  He pursed his lips together and crossed his arms as he watched them.  The lights from the emergency vehicles bounced off his tanned and shaved scalp.  She nearly laughed at his checkered green Argyle sweater and tan corduroy pants.
“I was thinking the same thing.”  Sydney turned to face him, but he lingered, watching the stampede.
Something about the man made Sydney think she knew him from someplace, but she realized it wasn’t the case when he stuck out a calloused hand and said, “I’m Randal Boone.” As he did so, a press badge swung carelessly around his neck on a plastic cord.  The squinty smile nearly made Sydney laugh again.
“Hi, Randal Boone.”  She shook his hand. “Agent Sydney Price.  A bit of the pot calling the kettle black, don’t you think?”
“Huh?”  He followed her nod.  “Oh! Well no.  I mean yes.”  He stammered and his lips went together again. “But really, no.”
They stood facing each other, their hands still clasped, until finally Sydney released her grip.  “Care to explain?” she prodded.
“Erm, well, those are television folk and well me, see.”  Randal lifted his press badge showing black and bold lettering that read, “ALGONQUIN PRESS”.  He smiled and though he wasn’t handsome, there was something charming about Randal in a forgettable sense.  “Nine hundred and fifty-two subscriptions.”
He chuckled and Sydney allowed a small chuckle as well.  Truth be told, it helped a small amount of her stress dissipate.
“This really is tragic,” Randal said.  He turned to her almost as an afterthought. “Hey, off the record, any leads on who did this?”  He wrinkled his brow, rolled his lips into tight little balls. Then he waved his hand at the mall.  “This cowardly act.”
“Off the record?” she confirmed.
Randal nodded is agreement.
“Truthfully, we have some leads, but not a ton to go on.  I wish we had more.”  Sydney sighed and ran her hands through her hair again.
“I hope you catch the Russian bastards.”  Randal yawned, but instead of covering his mouth he held the hand out to Sydney.
I wonder which ass clown leaked that we had Russians on the radar.
She smiled at Randal’s not-so-subtle way of letting on that he knew more than she thought he did.  She clasped his hand, catching a twinkle of his eye.
“Nice to meet you, Agent Price.”
“You too, Mr. Boone.”
Randal pulled a pen and pad of paper from his back pocket and began the long walk towards the front of the mall where the crowd of reporters and their cameramen were setting up shop.  She almost laughed when she saw him stumble forward and almost knock over an unsuspecting Agent Moreland.  Moreland looked like somebody shit in his cereal, but accepted Boone’s apology and handshake before he shuffled off again. Sydney shook her head and walked back towards the command center feeling a bit less frazzled. There she encountered a smiling Briggs.
“We got the phone, and Agent Conrad pulled a list of numbers,” he waved at Conrad who commandeered the other FBI agent’s computer post.  He hammered away at the keys and seemed to not even notice the hustle and bustle around him. “He is cross-referencing the phone records with NSA and FBI databases, looking for a hit on priority phone numbers.”
Sydney nodded, “Agent Conrad, make sure you pull from both the recognized database as well as the black list.”  The black list was a list of numbers not officially recognized as priority.  The list included numbers of informants, undercover agents, as well as those the FBI wasn’t “officially” investigating. “We don’t want to miss a lead on a limited search.”
She saw Todd Simmons directing the traffic of his own personnel a few yards away.  He cast a sidelong look at her from time to time but Sydney focused on the screen Agent Conrad worked with precision.  Window after window flicked and rolled over to other windows of information. The cold shoulder didn’t go unnoticed by Briggs.
“What’s up with stick-up-his-ass over there?” He leaned in next to Sydney and glanced at the screen too.
“Nothing.  He just questioned my ability and dedication.  He put the Rafael Rontego loss squarely on my shoulders. Said he didn’t have room for that here.  He’s right.  He doesn’t.” Sydney let her eyeballs roam over the scrolling digits and names in an adjoining column.
Briggs stood straight up like someone jabbed a stick along his spine. “That’s bullshit Syd.  After what you did, after what you sacrificed just to enable us to move on that hotel room?” His eyes flashed dangerously at Todd who pretended not to notice.
Sydney gave Briggs a wry smile but touched his bicep gently.  “Simmer down.  We have a job to do.”  Briggs’ anger was a nice gesture but she made one scene already, another wasn’t apt to do any good.
Agent Conrad leaned back in his chair and flicked both of his wrists at the computer screen.  “We have no known contacts.  But we do have six phone calls that were made in the last four days that are listed as ‘unknown’.  That would be a dead-end without a warrant in most cases.”
“In most cases?” Sydney raised a brow.
“In most cases,” Conrad nodded his head.  “But not in this case, thanks to the Patriot Act.  We have access to the telephone company’s database as well, and every call that comes up as ‘unknown’ has to be routed through the company’s switchboard, and then rerouted under an anonymous label to the recipient.”  He hammered on the keyboard a few more times.  “So, what we end up with is one number that called six times,” he smiled and hit a few more keys, this time with one finger as if revealing a secret.  “And when we reference that one number with the database we have a name that registers as a hit.”
“And that name is?”  Sydney leaned in to get past the glare.
“One Richard ‘Dick’ LoGalbo.” Conrad smiled again.  Sydney thought he might take a bow, but he remained seated.
“I feel like I know that name.”  Briggs had his large fingers massaging his temples and his eyes closed as he tried to remember.
“Well yeah Briggs, he was a connected guy here for decades.  Not real high level, but the word was that he retired.  He has to be over seventy.”  Sydney flipped her cell and hit the quick dial.
“No, I don’t think that’s it.  It’s more recent.”  Briggs walked a bit away and stared across the parking lot.
Sydney’s phone clicked after one ring.  “Agent Timms,” the voice came through.
“Timms, are you with Legs?  I mean Dr. Tolbert?”  Sydney silently admonished herself for the slip.
“Yeah she’s right here, what do you need?” He seemed distracted as if he were in the middle of something.
“I need all hands on deck, we’re gonna move on a lead.”  She could see him by the front doors of the mall stooped over bits of debris with Dr. Tolbert walking nearby.
“You got it, boss.”  He waved at the doctor and the two of them made their way towards the vans.
Briggs’ face was scrunched up as he tried to recall whatever it was that eluded him at the moment.  Sydney followed his eyes as they scanned the parking lot while he worked through his brain cramp, and they spied Dr. Tolbert gliding across the parking lot on legs that seemed to travel up to her ribcage. Agent Timms scrambled after her on smaller legs and a portly torso.  He wasn’t fat, but the thick squat shoulders, coupled with his vest, made Sydney think he resembled SpongeBob SquarePants.
Briggs cast a pair of eyes on Sydney, half apologetic, half irritated.  “You know she isn’t going to let me live this down.”
She smiled.  Briggs hated being wrong.  “Would you let her live it down?”
“Probably not,” he shrugged.
The odd couple walked up then and Sydney looked past them to Agent Moreland who stood by the vans on his cell.  She waved him over, and then turned to Agent Conrad who stood over a computer geek’s shoulder, dictating a better way to do her job.  “Agent Conrad, over here.”
When the team had assembled, including Moreland who hastily pocketed his cell, she broke down the situation.  “It looks like we might have overlapping priorities.  Whoever instigated these attacks, we now know most likely obtained our person of interest from this morning on the Ciancetta investigation. We have video footage of the same man bearing a spider tattoo at both scenes.”
Agent Moreland spoke up.  “But why, that doesn’t make a lot of sense?  Why wouldn’t that person stay low?  It doesn’t seem like a mafia maneuver to blast shopping malls.  That’s beyond even their scope of usual activity.”  He crossed his arms and looked at her, his eyes twinkling with something Sydney couldn’t place.
She patted her hands in the air to keep more questions from coming.  “We don’t know.  If we did than this would be wrapped up and we would all be at home catching some shuteye.”    She took in a deep breath before continuing.  “What we do know is that the young girl taken hostage or captive in the video was carrying a pistol.  I don’t know how well you read your briefings, but she was also carrying a pawn.  If you had read it then you would already know that…”
“… A pawn was left at Muro Lucano’s murder scene during the Ciancetta Civil War.”  Agent Timms had a grin across his face that reeked of eating shit.
Sydney arched an eyebrow in surprise.  “Very good, Agent Timms.”
Doctor Tolbert smacked Timms in the arm.  “I told him my theory earlier.”
The men let out small laughs that seemed to relieve a bit of the heavy tension that lingered in the air like a wet mist.  She decided to let the joke slide even though she was tempted to reprimand Agent Timms right there on the spot.
Instead she closed her eyes until the circle went silent and then continued. “Also, thanks to Agent Briggs and Agent Conrad, we tracked down an address where several of the calls to the girl’s phone originated. They were made from the home of retired Ciancetta associate Richard ‘Dick’ LoGalbo.”  Sydney watched the smile evaporate from Agent Timms’ face.  “Agent Timms has some experience with Dick LoGalbo, Timms fill us in.”
Timms cleared his throat and stepped forward.  He ran his fingers through his hair, swallowed, and began.  “This guy is as slippery as they come.  We had an agent several years back that infiltrated Tricky Dick’s crew.  We thought he was infiltrated at any rate, but then he disappeared and his body turned up three years later in Cincinnati. He was a good friend of mine.”  He sucked his lips under his teeth.  “What you’re looking at is a guy who knows how the game is played.  At times he was one step ahead of us, and at others he seemed like he was reading our playbook before we even saw it.  He’s a master of disguise, disinformation, identity theft, and the fish we never got on the hook.  We thought he was retired; he’s nearly eighty years old.  It’s been two years since I heard his name.”  He turned to Sydney, “If he is back in the game, we need to be careful, but man would I like to bring that asshole in.”
She nodded her head.  “Well, it seems like he is, but I mean to find out.  We’re going to his house and we’re going to ask him a few questions.”
Agent Moreland looked at his cell and read something off of the screen then looked up at Sydney.  “Seems we found the vans used in the getaway.  Both of them were burned out near a half a dozen parking garages.  My guess is one of them had a couple stored vehicles.  We’re trying to get video but it doesn’t look good.  Someone cracked several local garages’ surveillance systems and blacked them out.”
“Fuck.  That was smart of them.”  Briggs hated when they were one step behind.  The thing about being a step behind though, was that the second the perpetrator stumbled, the FBI would be right there to catch them.
“Alright then, we go with what we’ve got. So, Agent Moreland, secure our equipment, get the vans ready and let’s roll.”  Her men went to grab their gear and scattered in all directions, leaving her alone with Briggs as they made their way towards the vehicles.  He caught her eye and nodded his approval.  She didn’t know why, but when he did that it sent a jolt through her.  She didn’t need his approval. She knew that. But she couldn’t help it if she liked it.
They neared the van and Briggs walked around to the passenger side when Todd Simmons came from the other side of the van, bumping into Briggs with his shoulder as he passed.  He pulled his cell phone from his ear as he did so and swung around between Sydney and the door. She clenched a fist as he straddled the path between her and the escape route.
He eyed her up in a way that made Sydney feel like she was in high school again.  His eyes walked her length but hers never left the prick’s cockeyed grin.  “Sorry about earlier Sydney.  I forget sometimes how emotional you can get.”
She opened her mouth and took a step forward.  A vision of planting her fist through the back of Todd’s teeth dangled in front of her like a carrot promising an early retirement. He glanced down at her clenched fist and defensively brought his hands up in front of him. “Whoa, whoa, whoa.  Listen, who wouldn’t be emotional right now?  It’s not a knock on you.  Anyway, I heard you have something for me.”
Sydney saw Briggs come around, his hard dark eyes boring into the back of Todd Simmon’s head like twin pistols.  He leaned on the hood of the van and his eyes shot to Sydney’s.
“Well, I have a lead.  I intend to chase it down.”  She pushed past Todd and climbed into the driver’s seat.  Her team was already piling into the next van.  “It could be nothing.”
He scanned the half dozen agents piling into the two vans.  “It doesn’t look like nothing, Sydney.”
Briggs climbed into the passenger seat and hung his arm out of the open window while Agent Conrad climbed in the back with the computer equipment.  Sydney pushed the ignition as she slammed the door shut.  “It could be something or it could be nothing.  That’s what we intend on finding out, Todd.”
“Fine.  I’ll let you play this game for now.”  He leaned forward into the window.  “But if it is something, you better let me know right away.”
She almost rolled her eyes.  “I’ve got your number, Todd.”
“Yeah, so does the President of the United States.  Air Force One, Sydney.”  He stepped back and patted the car door before swinging around and pulling his cell phone back up to his ear.
Sydney gripped the steering wheel and pressed the gas pedal down harder than she intended.  The tires kicked out behind her and the vehicle shot forward, the second van quickly falling in line, piloted by Agent Timms.
She looked at Briggs who offer a half-smile and a shrug.  “Let’s go ask this cock sucker about these dead Americans.”
Chapter 14

When the door slammed behind him, Ivan flinched but he didn’t spin around.  Somehow he knew it would be a mistake to make any sudden moves.  The dilated and magnified eyes of the Father in front of him looking in twitches over Ivan’s shoulders served as verification.
“Turn around.  Nice and easy.”  The voice was thick with Baltic influence but the English was perfect. Ivan turned around slowly and kept his hands in plain view.  He came face to face with the barrel of a silver snub nose revolver and another grey beard.  This one wasn’t feeble and blind like the first though.  He was an ox of a man at over six feet tall and the robes he wore looked almost too small for his wide shoulders.  His dark eyes shone outward from behind a prison of thick eyebrows and his bulbous nose was pock marked from a rough ‘bout of chicken pox or acne. “You mentioned Pavel.”
Ivan glanced down at the silver revolver.  It only held six bullets but at this range there was no way five of the six didn’t put holes through Ivan’s chest. “I did.  Are you Dmitri?”
The two greybeards exchanged a look before the large one nodded his head.  Ivan wanted to reach into his waistband and pull his own gun out.  It felt heavy on his hip but it was useless.
Ivan knew he had to start talking but he wasn’t sure what to say.  In truth he had very little information.  He was hoping to get the drop on Dmitri and extract the information that way, but Dmitri proved craftier than he had supposed for a priest.  “Pavel said you were holding something for him.”
Less is more.
Dmitri circled around Ivan, keeping the gun leveled at his chest.  He came around and stood next to the other priest.  Ivan turned with him, keeping an eye on the muzzle of the snub nose.  The priest kept an eye on the door the same as Ivan.
“Now why would Pavel tell a guy like you something like that?”  Dmitri tilted his head a bit, his beady eyes narrowing as he asked.
“Because, like me, he knows where his bread is buttered.”  Ivan lowered his hands, making sure the priest approved as he did so. “This is the Ciancetta world and we all just live in it.”
The priest with the thick glasses looked down and shook his head from side to side.  “This is the Lord’s world and we just live in it. Without God man is mere flesh and by flesh can be undone.  But with God the eternal soul cannot be undone except by His command.”
“Spare me your lectures, old man.”  Ivan saw Dmitri’s grip tighten on the pistol.  “I made my peace with God’s judgment long ago and until my time on this earth passes, he’ll have to abide by my rulings in this world.
Dmitri snorted.  “Or mine.  So tell me, where is Pavel?”
Where the fuck is Eddie?
“Resting.”  He certainly wasn’t about to tell the priest that his brother’s body was now part of a metal cube and that his eternal soul was even now most likely receiving an unkind judgment. “Pavel told us about the Black Widow and said you had his money.”
In a perfect world Ivan’s little bit of information would have been enough to buy the trust of Dmitri.  Instead the priest just laughed.  “You lie. Pavel would never say that.”
Ivan knew he had to go all in on the lie, even though Dmitri was calling him out.  “What makes you so sure?” He said it while trying to keep his eyes locked on Dmitri, despite a quick movement that he caught out of his peripheral vision.
“Because Pavel knows the truth and that, my friend, is not the truth.”  He lifted the barrel of his snub nose in line with Ivan’s head.  “So that makes you a thief trying to steal my brother’s money.”  He gripped the gun even tighter and his finger played over the trigger.  The priest set his jaw and Ivan stared him dead in his black eyes and refused to look away.  Part of him willed the man to yank back on the trigger.
But it never came.
A man cleared his throat from behind the two priests and the one in the glasses turned around and gasped.
Dmitri held his pose, still looking into Ivan’s eyes, neither of them wanting to back down.  His fellow priest urgently tapped him on the shoulder though, and after a moment of hesitation, Dmitri rested the hammer of the pistol with a click and placed the gun on the ground without turning.  He kicked it over to Ivan who slowly crouched down and scooped it up.
“Good to see you.”  He looked past Dmitri to where Eddie held the Ak-47 in the crook of his shoulder.
“Had to find a window.  Seems someone locked the front door.” Eddie waved the fragile priest away from Dmitri with the muzzle of the AK and towards a wall to Ivan’s left.  There was no smile on Eddie’s face and Ivan thought he almost looked on the priests with malice. A vein threaded its way down the Mexican’s neck and reappeared in a corded bicep that flexed under the weight of the Kalashnikov.
He looked towards Dmitri who waited patiently behind his beard.  Ivan wanted to walk forward without hesitation and plant the ivory of the snub nose grip through the priest’s off-white teeth, but he knew he needed another tact to get the information he needed.  If this priest knew where the Russians and the Black Widow were, they would lead Ivan to Rafael.
“Tell me who brought this money to you.”  Ivan stood less than three feet from Dmitri with wooden pews lining the floor on either side of the men.
Dmitri glanced over at Eddie and his Russian made weaponry and then towards Ivan, seemingly having reached some sort of conclusion.  “Okay my friend.  I will tell you what you want to know.  But you must promise me from comrade to comrade, you will bring me to Pavel after.”  He searched Ivan’s eyes. “I know he would not have told you any of this unless he were in trouble. We are priests.  I care for none of this except for my brother.”
The damned always think they’re in a position to barter.
He pretended to mull over the priest’s offer, then shook his head in assent.  “Very well.  From compatriot to compatriot, if you tell me what I need to know I will bring you to Pavel.”  He looked over at Eddie who was disciplined enough to not give away any emotion other than a hard look of hatred.
Dmitri nodded his head.  “Pavel mentioned this Black Widow, that is true.  But he said it was for your Don Ciancetta to know.  He said the less I knew the better.  As far as that information is concerned I know he was going to tell some of his men or the man directly if he could find him. You have to believe me, he is Don Ciancetta’s man through and through.”  Ivan stared at the priest but gave no indication as to whether or not the information registered as truth or useful.
Silence is the best friend of someone in high stake negotiations.
And these are the highest stakes.
“We do have the money here.  But it is not the Black Widow’s.  An associate of his came by last week and picked up his payment. He had webbing tattoos along his fingers and hands.”  He shifted his weight. “Pavel had us hold the money, in return we got a small tithe out of what was moved.”  He looked to the other priest by the wall. “Vadim, bring the money.”
Vadim adjusted his eyeglasses and clasped his hands in prayer as he shuffled off towards the front of the church and the decorated alter.  Eddie followed close behind.
“And who dropped off the initial shipment of cash?” Ivan asked.
Follow the money and find the financier.  Find the financier and find the Black Widow.  Find the Black Widow and find Rafael.
“I don’t know.”  Dmitri’s face tightened and Ivan could tell he was fearful of the consequences of not knowing the answer.  Fear was good.  It meant he wasn’t likely lying.  But it didn’t matter.  Ivan needed more than that.
“Unfortunately, that is not good enough priest.  Try and think harder.”  He cocked Dimitri’s own pistol, letting the promise of the click register in the priest’s mind.  Dimitri held his hands up and waved them back and forth like they might stop an impending bullet.
“No! Okay.  Okay let me think.”  He ran his fingers through his hair and his eyes scanned his memories as if they were ghosts floating between Ivan and himself.  “I think he might be a cop.  Or was a cop.  Pavel once said cops were dirtier than all the five families combined right after he brought some of the money.”  He eyed the pistol in Ivan’s hand and then continued.  “I know they always meet on Sundays before dawn at the old Bethlehem Steel factory.  Or at least they have the last three weeks.  Each time he goes Pavel brings back more cash.”
“Sunday?  That is tomorrow.”  It was technically today since it was past midnight but Ivan wasn’t in the mood to worry about technicalities.
They could be there even now.
Vadim returned with Eddie in tow and dropped a bag on the smooth beige tiles of the church floor between himself and Ivan.  It landed with a small thud and Eddie, keeping his gun trained on Vadim, stood next to Ivan.
“There’s only about fifteen grand in there.”
Eddie didn’t have to say anymore.  A high profile target like Rafael Rontego would mean more money than that.  The danger factor alone was enough to command a fifty thousand dollar price tag. “Did Pavel say what the money was for?”
“No.  He never did.”  Dmitri’s eyes darted from Eddie’s AK to his own pistol in Ivan’s hand. “But it was always the Russians that picked up each payment.  There was twenty grand in the bag minus our five grand as a… tax.  They picked up three of these smaller ones after the first two payments of fifty grand.
Eddie let out a low whistle.
Doing some quick math Ivan shook his head.  “So you mean to tell me you collected one hundred and sixty grand in cash?” The math didn’t add up to a hit on Rontego.  That was obscene even for the skilled assassin’s head. But it would explain the church’s involvement.  At their ‘tax’ rate they could have pulled in a cool fifty grand.
At that statement Vadim put his hands to his face and a slow howl heaved from his chest.  He fell to his knees on the hard tile with a crack and began grasping at his hair and pulling thin grey strands out in clumps. “Oh forgive me!  One hundred and sixty thousand dollars!  Mine and Dmitri’s thirty pieces of silver!
Ivan kept one eye on Dmitri who stood still but clasped his hands together and began to wring his knuckles.
Eddie took a step back from the distraught man and glanced at Ivan and then back at Vadim.  “What the fuck are you talking about, old man?”
Vadim just ignored him and continued his long howl.  Eddie looked around again and deciding that he had had enough, took a brisk step forward, shifting his gun to one arm and leaning behind the other as it flung out in a swift backhand that left a resounding crack echoing through the church atrium. Vadim instantly collapsed on to the floor with the force of the blow.
The howling stopped.
“I said, what the fuck are you talking about?”  Eddie kept his cool but brought the gun back around.  Ivan almost smiled.  He couldn’t have asked for a better counterpart given the circumstances.
Vadim picked up his glasses that had fallen off with the knuckled strike that had sent him unceremoniously to the floor. Still laying belly down on the tile he put the glasses back on and looked at the three of them in turn, his gaze lingering on his fellow priest the longest.
“You might not want to admit it to yourself.  But God knows.”  Then he spat on the floor.  Dmitri winced.
“What?  What does God know, Dmitri?”
 Pavel’s brother hesitated.  “Nothing.”
That hesitation was all Ivan needed in order to know that nothing was indeed something.  “Come.  Come now Dmitri.  You do want to see your Pavel, don’t you?”
His eyes glazed over and he turned his head in defiance.  Ivan lowered the gun.  A bullet through the toes might loosen the priest’s tongue.
Vadim saved the man’s foot.  “If he won’t tell you, I will,” he shouted. “I must tell them, Dmitri!”
“No, you fool!”  Dmitri took a step towards Vadim but Ivan stood between them, his gun now level with Dmitri’s head, the steel pressed into the flesh of his forehead, stopping the priest’s momentum cold.
His back to Eddie and Vadim, Ivan’s voice came out as steady as the gun in his hand. “Go on Vadim.  Confess your sins to me.”
“Those men, the same ones we gave money to, blew up that shopping mall!”  Vadim fell into his robes again and his body bent over his knees as large magnified tears dripped out of the corners of his glasses.
His eyes crossing on the barrel of the gun as it dug a small crater towards his brain, Dmitri squinted away a bead of sweat.  His voice trembled but Ivan gave him credit for trying to deflect the accusation.  “You don’t know that for a fact, Vadim.”
“You can lie to us all, but not God!” Vadim hurled back. “Last time they were here they made me tell them where to go.  They were going to cut Pavel out anyway so I told them!  I wanted to be done with these men.”  He threw his hands into the air. “I heard them talking about the mall.  I saw the explosives in their trunk. What do you think that money was for?  We knew it was blood money all along!”  He spat on the floor again. “Would that it was my blood, purer than it was today, instead of all those innocent people.”
“Holy fuck.” Ivan didn’t need to see Eddie to understand his exact sentiment. This was getting deeper than either of them had anticipated.
Ivan knew what he had to do.
He grabbed Dmitri by the arm and swung his rigid body in front of him.  As he did so he nodded his head at Vadim.  “Pick that bastard up off the floor and bring him over here.”
Dmitri tried to pull away, but the gun in his spine made the pull half-hearted at best.  “What are you doing?” His voice reached a higher pitch than earlier. “You said you would take me to Pavel!”
Ivan kept his voice steady.  Nothing inspired anarchy more than chaos feeding upon chaos.  “And so you shall.  I keep my promises Dmitri, but I can’t very well make it easy for you to call the cops the second we leave here. Now come on.”
Dmitri’s body became visibly more pliable and he walked side by side with a defeated Vadim who walked in silence, Eddie’s Ak-47 prodding him in the back every few feet.  They reached the plush red steps that led up to an elevated platform in front of an altar. He pushed them up the steps to the wall with the gigantic Jesus suspended by a crucifix looking down on them.
“Go to the feet of Jesus and pray.”  Ivan ordered them, waving his pistol towards the wall.
Vadim couldn’t be told soon enough and he ran to the wall, nearly diving into it as he attempted to say his prayers for redemption at the feet of his savior.  Dmitri was less enthusiastic but knelt next to his brethren and began a softer prayer of his own.
“By the time you are done, we will be gone and all this will be as if it were a dream.”  Ivan signaled to Eddie.
Eddie handed him his Ak-47.
Ivan gave the pistol back to Eddie.  He raised the rifle to his armpit, looked down the sights, and pulled the trigger. He gun popped in loud protesting retorts and the smell of gunpowder immediately wafted up toward Ivan’s nose.
The first two bullets struck Vadim in the back, sending his blood in a splatter across the white-wall and streaking in thin red droplet’s in front of Dmitri’s face.  He turned partially around as the bullets continued to rack from right to left, a half dozen holes leaping towards him along the plaster before red puffs burst from his side and swung him around just in time to take several more hurtling clumps of lead in his chest.  His blood hit the wall as if someone had thrown a dark red paint brush at it and he fell over Vadim’s body in an unnatural twist.  His head lolled towards Ivan who ceased firing, the barrel of the AK-47 issuing a thin stream of pungent smoke.  Eddie watched the whole scene in silence.  Again the man didn’t flinch.  Ivan walked up the red carpeting and towards the feet of Jesus where the two men lay.  Vadim was very much dead, his mouth hung open, a string of blood oozing from his mouth; his glasses lay crooked across his unblinking eyes.
Dmitri’s mouth kept moving, his wet lips trying to say something.  His left foot twitched spasmodically back and forth but his arms hung limp at his side and over the back of Vadim.  Ivan set the AK-47 down on the stairs and dug into his pocket while he walked closer to the fallen priests.  He found what he was looking for and upon reaching the mangled mass of limbs he squatted down, clutching the items in his closed palm.  With his other hand he grabbed Dmitri’s hand in his own and squeezed it.
Eddie walked around behind him and picked up his AK-47 and tucked the pistol into his waistband, then stood over Ivan’s shoulder as he looked into the greybeard’s eyes.  “We should go.”
He held up a hand to illicit patience from the driver.  The priest’s lips still trembled and he heard small amounts of air escaping Dmitri’s lips.  At first he thought he might be asking for water but on the third attempt Ivan made out the man’s words clear enough.
“Why?” Dmitri whispered.
Ivan held the man’s hand with both of his now, so close that the three hands rested near his own lips.  He could smell the iron that had poured from holes in the man’s torso and down the length of his arm.
“Because I keep my promises.  This is the way to Pavel.”  He unrolled the man’s weak fingers and put the items from his fist into Dmitri’s and rolled his fingers back up, enclosing them in his palm.
“No,” he breathed.  “No.”
“Yes.  At the River Styx you will find your brother.”  He lowered Dmitri’s closed hand onto his punctured chest, careful to keep the fingers closed.  “There is toll enough for the both of you there.  I forgot to leave Pavel the fare.  He should be awaiting you to get across.  Tell him his friend Ivan will see him soon enough.”
Dmitri’s eyes seemed to register the realization though it wasn’t a fearful one. He merely understood.  He looked into his hand as Ivan stood and then issued a long exhalation and his entire body relaxed.  Ivan watched his eyes dilate and then walked past an agitated Eddie who clearly thought they had lingered too long.  That didn’t stop him from talking a mile a minute as he shouldered the bag of fifteen grand.
“They don’t tell you that you shit yourself when you die.  No one tells you that.”  He walked quicker than Ivan towards the front doors of the church. “Piss yourself, too.”  He held the door open after glancing out to make sure no one waited on their exit.  “Why’d you leave them coins?  That’s mythology.  It ain’t real Jesus stuff.”
“I don’t know what’s true and what’s not but if it was good enough for Achilles, it’s good enough for me.”  Ivan frowned.  He didn’t like explaining himself.
They ran the rest of the way to the car and Ivan climbed into the front seat next to Eddie who whisked them away in a controlled hurry.  “So where to now?”  Eddie slowed down after they cleared about a mile of tar and yellow lines.
“We need to go to Bethlehem Steel. We can wait on this fucker who’s dropping bags of cash to everybody in town except Don Ciancetta.”  He watched the city tumble by in streaks of different fluorescent yellows and towering shades of black and grey. “We find him, we find our man.”
“Fuck yeah.  Good move taking out those priests too, quick score of fifteen grand.”  Eddie flashed a gold toothed smile.
“I didn’t kill them for the money.” Ivan looked at the driver who shot him a glance and then returned his eyes to the road.  “I killed them because every cop in the city is going to be looking for the link to that blast at the mall. It would be just a matter of time before they found the priests and once they found them they would be on our heels looking for our man.  We bought some time.”  Eddie nodded his head.  “Not only that, but now we know they won’t be running to their Russian friends or whoever this guy is that is dropping bags of cash like Santa Claus. I killed them because it was necessary.”
“And we got fifteen large in cash.”  Eddie smiled again.
“And we got fifteen large in cash.”  Ivan allowed himself a small chuckle.  “Oh and by the way, fuck you Eddie.”
The driver raised his eyebrow.  “What? Why?”
“You’ll shit yourself when you die.  Not me.”
Chapter 15

He watched Nuncio's body roll across the hood of the car propelled by the force of the blast.  It was more of a shadow of Nuncio's body though, the white flash of the explosion making his silhouette look like a partial eclipse in the shape of a flying body in the moment before he tumbled over the hood in a succession of thuds.  The Pope ducked into the back seat and towards the door, facing the road and away from the blast.  He reached for the door handle thinking he had somehow survived a car bomb and that he better get out of the vehicle before a secondary blast took him out for good.  Then the flaming wood and ash began to pour down in black snowflakes that hung camouflaged in the air before settling for a slow drift earthward.  He let go of the door handle as the ash collected on the windshield and he realized his initial assessment stemmed from shock.  In the same second Nuncio stood up on the road near the driver’s side fender. The back of his jacket was aflame but he didn't seem to notice.  The Pope saw the cuts on his face and the boxer-like punch drunk look in his eyes and knew he was either in shock or concussed.  He pushed out of the car and the instant the door opened his nostrils filled with the smell of burning paint, wood, and plastic.  The heat from the burning house made him sweat just as fast as the scent in the air made him nauseous.  He had little time to worry about any of it.  He ran to Nuncio and took off his own jacket and tossed it over the large man.  His legs seemed weak and when The Pope began to beat on the man's back, Nuncio fell forward towards the front of the car again landing on the hood.
Then he retched on it.
The Pope smothered the small flames that had attached themselves to the man. Smoldering cloth embers had melted into the man's skin but the wounds were small and despite the ugly look, seemed surface level.  His immediate concern became getting the hell away from the scene of an explosion at the place where they had just committed breaking and entering.  He fished his hand into the nonsensical Nuncio's pocket and grabbed the keys.
"We should go and get a drink or something boss," Nuncio muttered.
The Pope couldn't believe he heard the man right. "What the hell are you talking about?"
He pushed Nuncio into the back seat as a cough split his chest, but he ignored it and climbed into the driver's seat.  Nuncio had the seat pushed so far back that he could barely reach the pedals.  He adjusted it and put the key in the ignition at about the same time the unwelcome sound of sirens shattered the evening sky and the thrum of the twenty foot bonfire to his right. He glanced in the rearview mirror and didn't see anything so he pushed the ignition and slammed the pedal to the pavement.  The tires squealed in anger but shot forward anyway, sending Nuncio sprawling across the backseat.
He laughed like a small child, his giggles coming in spurts with the slight fear of getting caught by a teacher or parents.  The Pope sped towards the end of the street, still checking his side and rearview mirrors. "What are you laughing at?  We could have died back there!"
"We can get drinks after the wedding, don't worry about it."  Nuncio grinned at him or at least in the general direction of the rearview, his glazed eyes clearly seeing ghosts of memories The Pope couldn't share.  Usually he was the one looking into the rearview from the backseat at Nuncio.  He glanced up again and caught his driver's eyes for another second when he saw the red and blue lights bouncing off the windows and white walls of the houses that lined Dick LoGalbo's street.  The mournful screams of the black and whites sliced through the air and The Pope turned down the first side street, hoping that the flames of the house would draw more attention than his Town Car driving around this particular neighborhood.
"Hey.  I need to tell you something."  Nuncio leaned forward in the middle seat.
"Yeah what's that?"  He looked over at the man.  He still reeked of burning flesh and clothing. The Pope pulled out his cell and sent a text to the internet routing number he had set up for the Don.
Coming over.  Need to borrow sugar ASAP.
"My mom once told me a story about the jumping duck.  How did it jump so high?"  Nuncio giggled again.  The same guy that buried a man under three feet of sand and lime, laughed like a schoolgirl.
"I don't know.  I give up."
"He snorted too much quack.  Heh.  Was funny when I was five and still is!"  Nuncio laughed so hard tears came out of his eyes.  "So after the wedding let's get a drink, okay?  I appreciate you giving me a ride."
The Pope sighed and turned up the volume on the radio.  He held the cell in his hand waiting for Don Ciancetta's reply.  He knew he would most likely have to log into the computer he had set up that worked behind bouncing proxy servers to avoid an IP trace.  The text came quick enough though while two disc jockeys bickered on the car stereo.
Okay.  I'll be out front. Wife is sleeping.
The Pope turned for the highway and put the cell back in his pocket.  His hand bumped across the envelope he had stuffed there and he pulled it out to take another look at the symbol.  The black spider struck him as important.  "Where the fuck have I seen you?" He cursed under his breath and racked his brain for an answer that seemed to run in front of him like an elusive carrot on a stick.
"Pavel hates spiders," Nuncio giggled, looking over his shoulder. "Says they always try to take his money."
"Spiders can't take money Nuncio.  Even if they could, what would they buy with it?"  The Pope closed his eyes.  It wasn't Nuncio's fault he had been knocked back to third grade.
"Probably guns.  Or shoes.  Eight legs need lots of shoes."  Nuncio turned and watched the lights flick by on the road, or he was staring out into the night sky, The Pope couldn't tell.
"What the fuck would spiders need with shoes Nuncio?  Or guns?  It's not like they could use them, especially if they had shoes on all their legs."   He chuckled at his own logic.
Spiders with guns.
He shook his head.
The only spiders he knew that needed guns were...
"Nuncio, you goddamn genius!"  He hit the gas and the car lurched forward.
"My momma always said I was smart."  Nuncio grinned and looked back out the window.
"You beautiful fucking giant.  Spiders with guns.  You idiot savant!"
The implications were a bit muddled but he was sure the pesky group of tattooed Russians that floated around in nickel and dime schemes had something to do with the day's events.  At first glance Dick's involvement seemed unlikely but the man had been forced to retire.  It wasn't as if he willingly left the lifestyle behind.  The Pope's knuckles turned a skeletal shade of white as he gripped the steering wheel a bit tighter.  The Don had to know about this development as fast as possible.  His brain was clicking on all cylinders now.  Even his body seemed to give a reprieve.  He hadn't coughed in a while.
If Dick was working with the Russians, he'd love to see Rafael buried six feet under. Muro was the only one keeping him from revenge after Rontego came down on behalf of Ciancetta, originally.  Of course that changed dramatically and not in favor of Muro during the last power struggle.  Making a full on switch of allegiance to the Russians didn't seem to fit the old man's style.
I'm missing something.
His thoughts were humming so quick and consuming that he didn't realize Nuncio's rambling any more than he noticed he had pulled onto the long brick drive that meandered past the iron gate that kept the world from Don Ciancetta's family life.  The Pope smiled, thinking about the Don and his delicate side.  The men that worked for him saw an iron fist more firm than the gate the Don lived behind. But away from business, he was a man that cried at the birth of his son.  He was a doting husband, minus a few flings, and being able to provide for his family the way he did with only a few scattered college credits to his name was the chief source of his pride.  Family consumed the man, whether it was his crew or whether it was his flesh and blood; it was the only code he lived by.  It wasn't like that always; he had to grow into the position after his ambition provided early success.
He drove past the gate, wide open in anticipation of his arrival.  Two men closed it behind him; an expensive perk of the position that he had convinced the proud Don was necessary.  He pulled the Town Car over in front of a wrap-around porch that ran parallel to the drive before the brick road turned around a copse of trees and then back out to another guarded gate a hundred yards from the entrance gate.  The wrap-around would be lined with icicles in December, but for now the white paint shone in the darkness and the white stripes of the American flag that draped over the second floor balcony hung like a beacon on the night sky.  Many of the men thought the old colonial was a mansion but The Pope knew it as just a large house.
"Wait in here, Nuncio," he ordered.
The large driver nodded dreamily and for a second The Pope thought that might not be healthy, but larger things intruded on his mind as he stepped from the car into the crisp cool air. Don Ciancetta walked down the stairs in front of the red door of his home wearing a thick blue bathrobe that looked to be made of pure sheep wool judging by the fluffy nature of the covering.  He tilted his head upon seeing The Pope exit the driver's door and stopped walking.
"What is Nuncio dead?"  He looked a bit put out at the hour but his eyes were alert as always. They darted back and forth from the Pope to the car.  He seemed genuine in his concern but otherwise fairly loose. The two of them had worked together for far too long for the man to be irritated at the late house call.
"No.  He's in the car.  It's best you don't know."  The Pope ran his fingers through his hair. "I think I'm piecing together some of this mess."
"You found our man?" The Don tucked his hands into too-small pockets on the front outside of his robe.
"No." The Pope blinked.  Another man might have offered more. An excuse or something else to take the edge off of the negative statement. Not The Pope, he knew the Don respected straight-forward answers more than anything else.
"A man can hope, eh?  Oh well.  So what have you figured out? Quick though, Maria hates when the bed goes cold."  He glanced up and over his shoulder towards a window that overlooked the grounds.  A rare look of worry creased his brow and then disappeared by the time he faced his friend again.
"I'll be quick then.  I found an envelope with a spider stamp on it at Dick LoGalbo's place.  I went there on a hunch based on something a former friend of ours said before he disappeared tonight.  He spoke of Russians taking Rafael." He tapped his temple with a slender forefinger. "That, coupled with the stamp at Dick's makes me think he's involved with the Black Widow somehow.  I don't know why yet but we know enough to start asking some questions." He stopped to breathe and the Don cut him off.
"That fuck always hated Raf. Not that I mind right about now how Raf goes just so long as he does."  He crinkled his brow. "Though I wish it'd be someone other than that bag of shit. Yeah, if anyone wanted to see him in pieces, and had the big swinging cazzone to try, it would be him." He was thinking out loud at this point.  "But he's retired.  Doesn't mean he isn't involved though.  I'm just saying.  Plus, I heard that some Russian fucks were involved in the bombing at the Galleria." He looked into the darkness just behind The Pope.  "Fucked up world."
"Yeah, it is."
Nuncio opened the back car door and leaned forward.  He hardly cleared the car when he vomited on the drive.
"Jesus Christ.  Nuncio!  Back in the car!" The Pope bit his cheek and looked back at the Don whose patience seemed to be wearing thin all of a sudden.
"What is he, fucking drunk?" he stared at the man's stomach contents lying on his driveway.
Nuncio rolled back into the car and pulled the door shut behind him without saying a word.
"Not exactly. Probably a concussion."  He thought about keeping the break-in from the Don, but decided Nuncio had forced that hand.  He rattled out the events of earlier; stopping every few moments to make sure the Don wasn't about to throttle him. When he was done, the Don was pacing but he didn't seem to be angry.
"Oh that fucker has to be involved.  There's no way this is just coincidence, Chris.  No way."  He stopped walking and looked at his consigliore.  "This and we have the feds breathing down our necks like bitches in heat."
As if on cue, red and blue lights flashed on both gates at the property line.  The Pope pushed the Don back towards the house as his stomach lurched towards his feet.  Flickering blue and white lights spun around intermittent red flashes and blocked the exit gate.  At least two squad cars were there with officers ducking behind the hoods of their vehicles and issuing commands to the men at the gate who lowered their weapons on to the ground and covered their heads with interlocked fingers.  A similar scene met his eyes at the entrance gate except two dark vans were silhouetted in the spinning lights of governmental authority.
"Shit." He spun around and looked at Don Ciancetta.  The man sat down on the steps of his house and pulled a thick cigar from his robe pocket and stuck it in his mouth.
"Relax.  Ain't nothing they could have on me, and two friends can talk whenever they want."
The Pope's mind began to retrace every step since the explosion.
Could they know I was there? Cops ain’t that fast at figuring shit out.
“This is America.  Let those pig fuckers come and have their say and then I'll wave when they leave my fucking property."  He gave The Pope his patented grin, leaned back, and awaited his fate.
Chapter 16

Kira woke up to her face pressing against something cool and the smell of leather that reminded her of her favorite chair in her condo.  She fluttered her eyes open in a glorious moment of forgetfulness but they wouldn't focus right.  She squinted and tried to lick her lips but her tongue was obstructed by some sort of cloth. It irritated her mouth so she tried to sit up and move it out of the way but her face stuck painfully to the seat and she felt her skin pull as she lifted her head anyway. Her face pulled free with a tear and her lips went wet and she could taste the iron of her own blood seeping through the crevices of the cloth that gagged her mouth.  Her hands were less yielding than her flesh, however, and she felt her wrists pull against some sort of tie for the second time that evening.
Her last moments of consciousness began to descend on her all at once and she felt her palms slicken and her breath was labored as her lungs searched for air beyond the cloth that stuffed her mouth.  She flexed a set of sore abs and sat upright.  Kira blinked away the tears that filled her eyes and looked around the automobile.
She was alone.
She tried to glance out the windows of the car but the tint and the lack of sunlight didn’t allow for much of a view.  Despite the many unknowns of her situation she knew anywhere else had to be better than waiting on whatever the assassin had in store for her here.  She decided to act.  Moving as fast as she could, she leaned back in the leather seat and brought her legs to her chest.  She hoped to swing her arms around and under her butt and over her feet.  From there should could work the car locks and door handles and make a fairly easy escape of it.  Her eyes darted side to side and she raised her cheeks to give her hands room to slip under and around. Only once she got her wrists over the bump, she was unable to bring her hands any further.  The bindings were expertly placed.  Not wanting to give up she tried again and felt the tendons in her shoulders pull taut and refuse to give her the extra couple inches she needed to secure her freedom.
Fuck.
She tucked her hands behind her back again and looked for another way out.  She pulled against the cords until they bit into her flesh and knew that they were cutting tender red grooves into her wrists.  She looked frantically around the car, hoping to find something that might aid in her escape, and then came the explosion.  It was a solitary “POP” that echoed on the night air. Kira flinched, thinking the shot was meant for her for a brief moment.  Then she saw a shadow cross in front of the car. It moved quickly from the passenger side, around the front and to the driver side door. Her breath caught in her chest but the swift beat of her heart tried desperately to knock the breath either down or out.
What if he’s sold me back to the Russians to save his own neck?  What if he sent someone to finish me off?
The shadow pulled the door open and slid into the front seat.  Rafael Rontego tossed his pistol onto the passenger seat, pausing just long enough to glance back at Kira and give a little snort.  He pulled two long wires that hung from the ignition area and sparked them together, breathing life into the car’s engine.  As he did it, Kira looked at his hands in the soft glow of the interior dome light of the car.  Blood dripped in tiny dark rivulet’s from his fingertips and onto the floorboard of the car.
What did he do?  Where are we?
The assassin took the car away from the side of the road in a controlled slow drive, but he didn’t put his lights on until he was several blocks away from where they had started. Kira had the feeling that somebody was dead just down the road.  She tried to ask Rafael what happened through the gag in her mouth but when she tried it just pushed her tongue back into her throat and made her cough until her eyes watered.  Each bump and bruise on her face was becoming more painful as the minutes went by.  She knew that the adrenaline wearing off was going to be brutal on her body.  The assassin looked at her as he drove in a series of quick glances.  A weird twinkle in his eye on the last such look was all Kira noticed before he turned back around and rode in silence for several minutes.  She closed her eyes, focusing on the hum of the engine and rhythmic rolling of the tires across the pavement.  Exhaustion climbed its nimble fingers along her spine and soon she was bobbing her head and trying to stay awake.
“It’s called giving up.”
Kira looked up with a start.  She couldn’t ask him what he meant so she just looked at him from the back seat.  She could see his bruised jaw line and the blood still clinging to his fingers as he drove.
“Your body.  It’s fatigued and the adrenaline is draining out, giving you an opposing effect.  You haven’t eaten in a while and your body is battered. Your brain might not want to. It knows that to survive it must stay awake, but your body is draining the resources it needs to keep going.”  Rafael Rontego kept his eyes on the road and didn’t look back at her. “You have to eat. I’m going to pull over and get us some food.  If I feed you, that means I take your gag out.  If I do that then I need a promise from you.”  He reached over and grabbed his pistol, clutching it in his hand as he turned the wheel right. “I need you to promise to keep that mouth of yours quiet.”  He looked back at her.  “Do I have your promise?”
Kira nodded.  She couldn’t figure out why he hadn’t killed her yet. If he hadn’t done it by now, would he really pull the trigger later?  But bound and gagged as she was, she nodded.
A few minutes later and another brief struggle to escape, and she was gingerly chewing a hamburger on the side of her mouth that didn’t hurt. The assassin held the hamburger in his hand as he leaned over between the seats and fed it to her.  His dark eyes never left her, and hers rarely left the gun clutched in his free hand.  He put the hamburger down on the center console and pushed a straw into her mouth.  She sucked down the soda, each swallow sending a river of cool liquid cascading down her sore throat.  Rafael let her drink until she pulled her mouth away and then held up the burger to her mouth again.  She glanced at his dirty fingers but her stomach didn’t allow her to even hesitate as she chewed another bite of the greasy meat.
“I’m going to say a few things and you’re going to listen. I don’t know what you think happened with your father and me but I can tell you something that only he and I know.”
His eyes seemed cool and uninterested in whether or not she believed him.  Still she couldn’t help herself. “I know he went to jail for something you did.”
The assassin narrowed his dark eyes and his jaw clenched beneath the array of cuts and bruises across his face. “There’s a difference between going to jail for something someone else did, and going to jail for what you did and not bringing someone to the pen with you.”  He paused, took a swallow of the soda and continued.  “Your father wanted to smoke that asshole who sold your mom heroine month after month.  I told him it wasn’t worth it.  That once a druggy bitch always a druggy bitch.”
Kira could barely swallow her next bite as he spit out the slanderous description of her mother but she looked at him tapping the pistol as he continued.
“If that dealer wasn’t there to sell it to her, somebody else would, if not from Buffalo then from somewhere else in Erie. That pincushion of a mother had needles hidden under your crib for fuck’s sake.  Addicts find a way. But Ivan loved her.  Who was I to question the great fucking mystery of love?”  He shot a glance to the side before snapping his eyes back on Kira.  “So I did what a friend does for a friend and I slit that prick’s throat from ear to ear while your father stuffed a bag of smack into his mouth.”
His eyes danced with the memory and she knew he was there now.  She watched his knuckles whiten on the grip of the pistol.  Slowly, the rest of the hamburger lowered back down as he struggled with the recollection in a place beyond the site of Kira’s eyes.
“The cock-sucker was dying but the powder in his blood and the needle Ivan stuck him with made him think he was in heaven.”  He focused on her again. “Have you ever tried to get revenge on someone that liked it?  It sort of ruins the concept.  Your father went nuts.  He started bashing his brains in with the back of his pistol but he had already bled out.  I know how to cut a man fast.  In and out.  Silent if I can.  That was the plan but he started yelling right there in the man’s kitchen and bashing his brains in like a monkey with a coconut.”  He took a bite of the hamburger, his eyes vacant. “We both heard the shuffle from around the corner and your father put two holes in him before we even knew he was under three feet tall.  Sometimes I wonder if he saw his father all mangled and ripped apart before he took his ticket out of there.”  He came back to her then, but Kira looked away.
“You fucking liar.”  Her stomach rolled over and fought against the meat that filled it.
He ignored her and went on.  “The kid laying there brought him back to his senses and he fell to the floor, just sitting in his father’s blood.  I never even looked at him.  The kid I mean.  I just saw the white-footed pajama bottoms sticking out from around the corner but I didn’t need to see him to know.  Neither did your father.  I told him to get up.  Begged him to leave.  Stayed till the sirens were so close they rang in my ears but your father, my friend, told me to go. And I did.  And your father kept his mouth shut. And I set you up with a caregiver as best I could.”
Kira felt tears well up in her eyes and she silently chided herself for being so weak.  “Muro took care of me.”
“Muro took you in because I asked and because it couldn’t be me.”   Rafael reached the burger out towards her but she refused to take another bite.
She looked him in the eye, “You killed Muro.”
He didn’t blink.  “Things change.”
The assassin broke the staring contest first.  He turned around and struck the wires and started the car.  Neither of them spoke as the vehicle exited the lot and he turned onto Interstate 290 northbound.  She didn’t want to believe him.  Perhaps if she had spoken to her father after he went to prison, after her mother died, she might know more about the arrangements that were made.  Muro did say a friend asked him to watch over her, she always assumed it was her father.  What little she knew of the night her father was arrested she gleaned from old newspaper articles or stories from people in the neighborhood.  Everyone knew there was someone else there that night. The cops couldn’t attach a name because no one knew it was Rafael Rontego, or if they did, they weren’t the type to tell cops anything.  But Muro had known.  Uncle Dick had known.  And so she had been able to slowly piece bits of the puzzle together.  At least she thought she had.  It felt so natural to lay the death of the child at the assassin’s feet.  He was a known commodity, a killer with a reputation she could quantify with any number of stories about the Angel of Death.
She looked at his neck, the curve of it that arched downward towards his shoulders.  She wished for a knife.  Even now she would stick a dagger there if only to silence the truth from him.  He still killed Muro.  He still looked on as her father torched his own life. It didn’t change a thing.
Or does it?
She watched several cars pass by them in the opposite direction.  They passed Buffalo Niagara International Airport, blue and white lights dotting the runway on her left in an otherwise empty space of blackness.  Muro would have killed him.  It was war.  Her father had asked him to come.  He went as a friend.
And I’m still alive.
The realization just made her collar heat up.  She tried to stretch the left side of her face with a half yawn.  It was itchy from the newly forming scabs.  She caught a glimpse of her reflection in the rearview mirror.  Mustard clung to the corner of her mouth and she looked like shit with hair everywhere and makeup wiped off through equal parts of sweat, tears, and blood.  She looked again at the side of her silent driver’s face.  She longed again for the knife but realized she had nothing left to cut him with.
Except my words.
“Do you destroy the lives of everyone you meet? Or is it just your friends?”  She spit the words at him, hoping to see him flinch.  She needed to see some indication that it stuck, some indication that it stung, that he could feel.
She was disappointed.  He didn’t move his face or glance back at her.  He just drove and focused on the road.  His grey eyes stabbed into the darkness, searching, always searching.
Kira looked out the window again. “What did you do?  When you left me alone in the car?”
“I got you a burger.”  He reached towards the stereo dial.
“Not that time.  The first time.  I heard a gunshot.”
His fingers clutched the dial but he didn’t turn it over.  His fingers still sported a layer of dried blood. “I gave them a cop’s address.  A cop I wanted to kill a dozen times.  He’s not involved in this, but they wanted an address. I found one still outside, waiting.”
“So you went to save a cop?”  Kira would have scoffed if she hadn’t nearly choked.  “What the hell for?”
“I don’t know.  But it worked out.  I know where that prick the Black Widow is heading.”  She saw him glance over at the pistol on the seat next to him.
“So we’re going there now?  Where is he?”  Her adrenaline was already kicking through her veins at the thought of seeing that guy again.
“I don’t know where he is now but I know where he’s heading.  That’s where we’ll be waiting.”  She looked at his knuckles and it struck her as odd that they weren’t white on the wheel.
Why the fuck would he save a cop? Especially one that he said he wanted to kill himself?
She pulled against her bindings again even though she knew it wouldn’t work. Something about this bothered her and she couldn’t put her finger on it.  Was he going to use her as bait?  Was that it?  Is that why he was keeping her alive?  Maybe he thought he could use her as a bargaining chip with the Russian or Uncle Dick.
Uncle Dick sold me out. Why would he want to make a trade for me?
And the Russians just wanted her dead.  Maybe by tying her to a post like a lamb to slaughter he could wait for the Black Widow to show up and then strike.  Her stomach rolled over.  She thought of her Baby Browning and wished she had it now.  The knife wouldn’t be enough.
She stared at the back of his head.  She willed him to turn around or to look in the rearview.  She wanted him to see the hatred in her eyes.  Her eyeballs burned with the heat of it. Her father.  Muro. The baby boy. Untold others.
“So I guess it’s just your friends.”
He finally looked at her through the glass. “What?”
“The lives you destroy.”  He looked back at the road.  She wanted to kick the back of his chair and make him yank on the wheel.  She didn’t care if it threw the car into a fishtailing three-sixty.
Show me some emotion goddamnit! 
She closed her eyes.  Her heart was leaping left and right in her chest.  Kira forced herself to focus on breathing and to calm down.
Then he spoke.
“You’re wrong.”
Kira looked up and caught his grey eyes for an instant in the reflection.
“It’s everyone.”
Chapter 17

Sydney switched the phone to her Bluetooth earpiece the second he said, “Agent Price, this is Randall Smith.”  She clicked the phone over as he continued.  “I have some details about the Hanssen protocol.  I’m sorry we are moving so slow at this point but I can only put a limited resource on this at the moment.  Most of our assets are on the bombing.”
She nearly coughed.  “Did you say ‘a limited resource’ Director?”
“Yes.  I have my deputy on this personally.  I wish I could spare more but we have what we have.”   She could hear him shuffling papers on the other end of the line and she wondered if he did that just to sound busy or if he really was reading and talking at the same time. “Listen Syd, I’m calling for a reason.  Try and not show any emotion and listen to what I have to say.  We have one hit on an outgoing call from your field office prior to your move to apprehend Rafael Rontego.”
The phone went silent for a moment.
“Sydney, the call came from Scott Briggs’ work station.  The sound quality on the conversation isn’t good.  There was definitely a hasty attempt at a frequency scramble but we did make out Rafael’s name in a search for key phrases.”
She kept her face stoic but her knuckles involuntarily clenched down on the steering wheel as they sped through a yellow light.  Briggs flashed her a grin of approval but his eyes darted to her whitening knuckles.  She forced herself to loosen her grip and gave Briggs a weak smile, hoping to disarm his worry.
“Very good sir.  I appreciate the heads up.”  She wanted to ask a thousand other questions but that wasn’t a luxury available to her at the moment.
“Be careful, Agent Price.”
“I will, Director.”  She turned on to small side street, hoping to have a discrete view of Dick Logalbo’s home before they made any move.
“I say that for two reasons.  One, don’t get yourself killed.  Two, don’t fuck up this investigation and make me regret elevating you.  I have Agent Simmons preparing a welcome committee for the President.  This isn’t a party Ms. Price.  It’s a headhunt and I will survive this even if I have to make twenty other agents’ heads roll.  Understood?”  Again the silence followed by a paper shuffle.
“Understood.”
“Excellent.”  Click. Dead air.
Whatever happened to long goodbyes?
They pulled over and for the first time Sydney noticed the flashing red and white lights that were becoming all too familiar on the evening. A second after that she saw the smoke.
“Shit.  Now I remember.”  Briggs looked at her with that sheepish grin that spoke of trouble.  “I heard something about this over the emergency channels.  A second explosion. That’s why the address sounded familiar.”
Agent Conrad began to hammer the keys to his laptop.  Sydney looked at Briggs and couldn’t help it as the line of thoughts shooting through her mind manifested themselves as a tight frown.
“I’m sorry.”  Briggs scratched his neck irritated at his lapse.
Or is that what he wants me to think? Just another small delay while we search for these assholes.
Lots of small delays are often the difference between catching your man or having him slip through your fingers.  Briggs knew that. He could have been one the one to alert the Russians of the plan to apprehend Rontego.
“It was a homemade bomb.” Agent Conrad announced.  “Nothing like what we saw at the mall.  But apparently, someone wanted to take Dick LoGalbo out.  I’m thinking someone is cutting loose ends.”
“Any bodies?”  Agent Briggs asked.
“No.”  Conrad glanced up before looking back at his screen.
Was that relief on Briggs’ face?  It was.  But relief over what?
Agent Conrad was working his keyboard like a musical conductor.  Fingertips flew left and right in harmonious rhythm with the tapping of keys.  “Not much really to go on. All agencies are reporting real time into the central database.  The only write up is that several hours before some kids heard two men speaking a funny language when they came out of the house with the owner.”
“Russian?” Sydney hoped for some verification.
“The indications based on the descriptions and the word “Bella” point towards Italians.  But with Dick LoGalbo living there…” He stopped pecking the keyboard long enough to make eye contact.
“…it’s not exactly suspicious,” Sydney finished for him.  She looked out the window and behind their van and could see her other agents growing anxious.  Agent Timms got out of the car and pulled his FBI jacket around his arms.  Sydney leaned back out the window as he came up.
“Just got a call from our contacts on the ground with the Buffalo PD. “He arched his back and sighed.  “We have two dead Russian Orthodox priests downtown. Seems they wanted some sort of verification that this might be related before handing it over to FBI jurisdiction.”  The bags under Agent Timms’ eyes were so dark she thought she might be able to see her reflection in them.
“What? Did they drink some bad Kool-Aid?” Briggs gave a little snort. “Seems the more dead Russians the better at the moment.”
“Hey, my mother’s family is Russian. Dick.”  Timms scowled before turning back to Sydney. “And not unless AK-47 shells are being served to the youth of America.  These two were executed. No witnesses.  No prints.”
The other agents walked up, forming a semi circle in the alley and Sydney stood up outside of her car door and leaned on it once she slammed it shut.
“Fuck.”  A blown out house.  Two dead priests.  A mall in ruins.
What does it all mean?
“Sydney.  When it rains it pours,” Agent Conrad called out from the back seat.  “I was running a search on the priests and came across another dead Russian.  This time outside of a house in suburbia.”  His eyes wiggled back and forth and Sydney knew there was more.  “Also, the house he was dead outside of?  It’s owned by that cop, Alex Vaughn.”
She tried to hold the shock from registering on her face but she doubted that anyone would notice.  Even Conrad’s eyes registered astoundment and he knew before the rest of them.
Briggs recovered first. “He just keeps popping up on the radar, doesn’t he?”
“A vendetta?” Timms asked with the arch of an eyebrow. “First his wife and now his house?”
“It’s a possibility,” Sydney conceded. “Agent Conrad, have a squad car pick him up.  He could be at the hospital still.”
“I doubt it.  He’s the one who called it in. Says he had to drop his daughter off with his mother-in-law before returning to the hospital.” Conrad leaned in to the screen. “According to his transcript to 9-1-1, he heard a gunshot and hit the deck.  By the time he got his gun from inside and walked the premises, there was no one around except the body.”  He leaned back and around the window.  His voice carried through it anyway.  “Want me to still have a squad car bring him here?”
“Not here.”  Sydney pulled out a pen and wrote an address on the paper.  “Have the car meet us here.”  She wanted to keep it secret as long as possible.  Which men she could trust she didn’t know.  She had a pretty good idea she could rule out Agents Conrad and Moreland since they were both immersed in the tech side of all operations.  They would have known recording devices constantly monitored the phone lines and they would have known exactly how to scramble the frequency. Though that would have set off red flags as well.  They would never use an office line. “Everyone, load up.  Follow us.”  She banged on the hood to emphasize the point and pulled the SUV door open.  The agents walked back to their own SUV, though Dr. Tolbert lingered an extra second before following suit.
“Conrad, pull up any visuals we have on that property.”  She started the engine and was very cognizant of Briggs’ wrinkled eyebrows and narrowed eyes on the side of her face.
“Yes ma’am.”  He swiveled in his chair and the screen bolted to the interior of the van flashed blue.
“On your laptop, agent.”  They raced along the highway, twin black vehicles darting through traffic on their way uptown.
“Er. Yes ma’am.”  The screen went black.
Briggs leaned over the center counsel while still managing to look straight ahead.  He was so close she could still smell a hint of cologne on him despite several hours in the field. She closed her eyes.
Damn him for smelling so good.
“We’ve got secrets now?” he murmured.
She glanced at him out of the corner of her eye before returning to the metallic dance in front of her across a floor of tar and rock.  The tires hummed and her blinker clicked a few times as she went around a blue-haired old woman who mistook the hour for Sunday afternoon.
Briggs returned to the center of his seat, but he stole a look or two on the side of her face, each one throwing a wave of extra heat.
“Of course not.  We’re going to Don Ciancetta’s house.”  She fixed her gaze on him.  She studied his breath in that exact moment.  The flex of his jawline.  She wanted to see an extra swallow on his Adam’s apple.  Nothing.
That wasn’t unexpected though.  They both knew the tricks of the trade.  Briggs perhaps best of all.  Still, he seemed barely fazed.  He screwed up his lips and nodded. “I think that’s a good call.  Knowing what we know, he might be involved.  But what about our men on the ground?”
Briggs and his fucking men on the ground.
“If they come up with something, great. But time isn’t a luxury we have right now.”  He nodded again and looked out the window.
Her father always said, “You know a man by his eyes.  A fella only says something because it’s what he wants you to hear.”  She dated a cop once, when she was in the academy in Quantico and he told her at the time, “I don’t want you doing it Sydney.  I don’t want you getting hurt.”
She remembered telling her father about it later that week when he called her to see how she was holding up in Virginia. “Half truthful which is really a lie, isn’t it?”
“What do you mean Daddy?”  She knew what he meant about half truths being lies.  He told her that every second of her life growing up.  What she didn’t get was the lie.
“Yes, I do believe he doesn’t want you doing it.  But the part he wants you to hear is that his concern is about you.  He is either concerned about losing you which is really concern about him or he isn’t concerned about you at all and doesn’t want you doing it because he washed out all those years ago and became a cop instead.”  The line went silent before he continued.  “Make it real simple next time you see him.  Ask him who he’s concerned about and see what his eyes tell you behind the words.”
She glanced back at Briggs who was looking at her too.  His eyes echoed the concerned look she had seen from him half a dozen times when they dated and she told him about days that seemed to kick her into the mud.
He seemed concerned.  It seemed a full truth. But so had the cop’s when she asked what he was concerned about.
Two weeks later he left her saying he couldn’t handle her success knowing he had failed to accomplish the exact same thing.
Eyes can tell lies the same as words Daddy.
“Ma’am, I have the layout of Leonard Ciancetta’s home.” Agent Conrad said. “There’s a front gate that has same two side exits along with a guardhouse at each.  The property line backs up to Lake Erie so there probably is no exit there.”
“Conrad, send the schematic to the others.”  She glanced at the tablet in Briggs hands that already had blueprints and street views of the property.  “Throw it up on their tablets.  Have the rear van take exit one and neutralize guards on that gate. We’ll take exit two and neutralize guards on that gate.  I don’t imagine this will be a run and capture scenario.  We are not making an arrest.”
“Ma’am, neutralize?”  Agent Conrad seemed hesitant. “Without a warrant?”
“Not with force.  Badges and threats, Agent.  And surprise. They don’t know we don’t have a warrant and I don’t intend to give them a ton of time to ask questions.”  Briggs cleared his throat and she looked at him as well.
“What if they have a boat? They had one earlier.”
“Make the call to the Coast Guard.”  She smiled.  Briggs was good at checking on escape routes on the fly.
He can’t be with them.  Can he?
Briggs called into the Coast Guard dispatch.  She pulled the car over about three blocks from the target area and turned around in her seat.  “Make sure that squad car meets us here.  Also, make sure everyone puts on their vests. Then we’ll caravan it out of here. Conrad, pull up any surveillance including satellite on the residence.”
“Present only?” he asked.
“Anything in the last twenty minutes. Including incoming phone and text to known numbers.”
“Gotcha.  Also the squad car is in the area, it was just waiting on us.”  Conrad flipped a cell and called into the van pulled over a half dozen feet behind them and she could see Timms answer it through the windshield.  “We’re going in heavy, just in case.  Make sure everyone puts on the Kevlar.”  Timms nodded and she could see him giving instructions to the rest of the crew.  Dr. Tolbert would most likely remain in the van but she was strapping on her vest too.
Briggs was instructing the Coast Guard in that gravely voice of his and Agent Conrad had dispatch reroute the squad car to their location. Then everyone got quiet as they waited.  Briggs was playing on his phone and Conrad clicked through various screens on his computer but other than that, the hum of the engine was the only distraction and it wasn’t enough to keep Sydney from turning inward.
Dad is gone. Briggs might be a piece of shit. My career is teetered on the edge of a knife.
The list bothered her because it reminded her of all the things she sacrificed to get to where she was in her professional life.
I broke up with Briggs.
Sure, she did it to maintain professionalism.  He hadn’t understood.  “A promotion doesn’t mean you can’t have a boyfriend.”  His lips had tucked under his teeth when he tried to keep his composure.  “Or a fiancé.”
He really never forgave her and if he did indeed betray them, she couldn’t help but think maybe that played a role in the whole thing.  His square jaw clenched as it always did when he was engrossed in something.  Some people squinted or stuck their tongue in the side of their mouth. Briggs just clenched that jaw of his while he answered an email on his phone.  His jaw always reminded her of the rest of him.  He kept in shape beyond what was required and the rest of his body bore the fruit of that labor.  She felt the familiar pang in her chest and looked away.
I missed my father’s last moments on this earth.
“If it’s any solace,” the nurse had said, looking at her white tennis shoes, “he asked for you, at the end.”
Sydney felt the tears rise into the corners of her eyes and she blinked them away.
The warrant.  I had to get the warrant.
It was all for naught.  Someone got there first and now dead Americans litter the Galleria Mall, an unknowable consequence to one event.
Doesn’t make it hurt any less.
The whole domino series of events fell squarely on her shoulders.
 But how is it connected.  Why take an Italian hitman and then blow up a mall?
“Sydney.  He’s here.”  Briggs’ voice pulled her out of her thoughts and a squad car pulled alongside the road with a quick second of the siren as greeting.
“Let’s go say hello then.”  She wiped the sleep and wetness out of her eyes.
“Syd.  Real quick before you go.  This might help.”  Agent Conrad slid her a piece of folded notebook paper. “Might be a play here if my history serves me right.”
She unfolded it, careful to shield it from the view of Briggs.  She smiled. “When was this?”
“Text twenty minutes ago.  Video surveillance, maybe five.”  Agent Conrad smiled back and then went back to his computer screen, the blue-white light dancing off his eyes.
Sydney and Briggs got out of the car and the Buffalo City cop strolled over in his navy blues.  His shoulder mounted radio and the gun on his hip made him look intimidating but the grey hair and wrinkled face spoke of retirement on the horizon.
“Agent Price?” He extended a hand.  “Sergeant Zgoda.”  He tossed his chin in the direction of the car.  “He won’t get out.  Fella’s pretty beat up right now and can’t say as I blame him.  His wife is in intensive care over at Buffalo General.”
“Do you know Officer Vaughn?”  Sydney asked.
“I know of him, sure. He’s sort of a legend or maybe he’s notorious.  I never can tell the difference. Either way, I’d say it’s safe to say we all know of Alex Vaughn down at the station.” He eyed her up and Sydney recognized the suspicious air with which he regarded her.  She had the same look stamped across her face every time she spoke to Todd Simmons.
“Very well.  Then you know what this man has been through.  You know about the mall and the man killed on his lawn. I want you to speak to whoever you have to and get an officer in front of his wife’s hospital room door twenty-four seven until you hear otherwise. I also want you to text my cell the second you know anything about her condition.  Got it?”  Sydney brushed past him when he nodded. Briggs started to follow her to the car but she spun around and said, “Briggs stay here and make sure Sergeant Zgoda makes that call.  I don’t care if he has to go himself.”
This was going to be delicate enough without prying ears.  She could see the back of Vaughn’s head through the vehicle glass.  He sat on the back right seat of the squad car so she went to the left, pulled open the door and slid in next to him.  She pulled the door shut and sat down.  The back of the car was heavy with Alex Vaughn’s presence and for a moment, neither of them said a word.
She studied her hands before looking up at the scar creasing his face and the brown hair that fell down in front of his eye in a careless looping lock. His shirt was splotched purple in places along the front but the loose and unbuttoned sleeves looked like he dipped them in a bowl of juice.  A small duffle bag lay unzipped at his feet with carefully folded clothes, a makeup bag and a romance novel.
He caught her glance and his bloodshot eyes, rimmed with puffy pink eyelids and heavy with weariness fell on hers.  She imagined she didn’t look a ton better.  “I can’t figure out if this is worth it. I thought I knew but now I don’t know.”
“What is worth it?  Doing the job?”  He didn’t blink.  His eyes just seemed to glide on their wet surface and search her face.
“No, not doing the job.  Staying away from it.”  He looked at his hands.  They were clean up to the wrists where he washed them but above the wrist blood caked his arm hair.
“A few seconds before you pulled up I was wondering if the job was worth the price.”  They looked at each other in silence, letting the seconds tick past.
“And?”  He asked the question and his eyes fell downward as if the weight on the lids became unbearable.
“And I don’t know.  But I can say that whether or not you stayed home, and whether or not I go to work every day, this bombing still happened.  The only difference is now I get a chance to get some revenge.”
Vaughn gave her the courtesy of a weak smile.  A breath of air passed from his lips and she couldn’t be sure if it was a laugh or not.  It might have been a scoff.  “You mean justice, right?”
“Sometimes you can get both,” she saw his weary eyes lift again, this time with a bit of a spark.
Now’s my chance.
“If she dies,” his throat clenched the words halfway out and he looked down again at the bag. “If she dies where’s the justice in that?”
“If she dies, it’s up to us to see justice through.”
He looked up at her and his eyes hardened. “I’ve seen this played out.  It won’t end how you think.”  He reached down and into the bag of clothing as he continued.  “I’m not saying it’s wrong.  It might be right with every fiber of your being, but is it worth it?”
“Worth what? You keep asking that.”
“Worth waking up tomorrow and realizing you’re not the same person you were when you woke up today?”  He pulled a Beretta from the bag.
“I know it’s better than doing nothing.”  Sydney held his gaze.  She believed it.  She had to.  She didn’t give up a relationship; she didn’t give up the last moments with her father for anything less.  “They have to pay and I intend to make them feel the full weight of justice, between their eyes if I have to.”
Vaughn looked her in the eye and pulled the slide on his Beretta back with a metallic click.  He looked to make sure the chamber was locked and loaded then looked back up at Sydney with his baby browns.  “Okay.  What do you need from me?”
“You have a history with this crew.  I need you to use that because we need them to talk.  We need them to talk now.”  She handed him the folded piece of paper.
Alex winced. “So we are going there?  I thought we might be considering how close we are to his house.”  His eyes darted back and forth, almost like he was looking for a way out.
“Something wrong?” She studied his face when he turned back.
“No.  But two things.  If you want my help, you have to promise.  You have to promise me you don’t hold anything against me for things I did to survive back when I was undercover.”
“I promise.  I’d never…”
He cut her off.  “And second, we do this my way. It’s your investigation, but this, this conversation we do my way.”
Sydney slowly nodded her head.  She was willing to go all in to make it happen.  “Fine.”  She extended her hand and Alex clasped it.
“Let’s do this then.”  He tucked in his Beretta and opened the squad car door.  She climbed out of the other door and they came together at the back of the car on their way towards the van. Briggs and Officer Zgoda walked towards them.
“Let’s get some justice.”  He flashed her a tight grin. 
“You mean revenge?”
“Whatever.”
Chapter 18

Ivan flicked off the lights as they pulled off the roadway and came to a stop just in front of the double-doors of Bethlehem Steel.  Once the center of the steel universe, and a factory bustling with more than twenty thousand workers that contributed to more than twenty-seven million tons of steel a year to the tune of seven billion dollars, the thirteen hundred acre facility had been shuttered for more than two decades.  Parts of it were operational but much more of the facility lay abandoned behind the steel doors emblazoned with a raised hexagon and a large “I’ in its center, the Bethlehem Steel logo.
They got out of the car, leaving the engine running, and without shutting the doors, walked up to the gate.  Chain link fencing rimmed with inverted barbed wire extended outward on either side, promising to half-heartedly prevent intrusion.
Largely a forgotten blight to most of the city, the shuttered factory would simultaneously be a recognizable landmark but secluded enough to prevent unwanted ears and eyes.  The heavy doors wore a layer of dusted rust but were solid to Ivan’s touch.
A thick iron chain that wrapped around the handles of the gate hung loosely from their perch.
“Bolt cutters,” Eddie whispered.
“Take the car a hundred yards down the road and meet me back here.”  Eddie turned to do he was told but Ivan caught him by the arm.  “Bring that fancy gun of yours too.  We might need it.”
Eddie nodded in acknowledgement and got in the car, quietly pulling the doors nearly shut on either side. He moved the vehicle parallel to the fence and pulled over. Ivan sniffed the air as Eddie made his way back.  He could smell the steel like a living entity in the night air.
He thought back to the priests lying on the floor at Jesus’ feet.  He thought of Pavel crying out for mercy.
Earlier everything smelled of iron.
Steel was made of stronger stuff.  He would have to continue to be strong.  The strong devours the weak.  The moonlight gave them enough light to see by and as they slipped inside the grounds, they moved in silence.
Eddie kept his rifle at eye level and walked a few feet behind Ivan who studied the ground near the fence.  A few dozen tracks headed up and out towards the large white windmills that dotted the landscape at the back of the old factory. Some were large and others were slender and looked like sandals. A kid or teenager.  Not likely the right direction.  He looked up at the huge 153-foot blades slowly whirling against the black sky.
Those weren’t there when I went in for my stint.
But he would have had to be in a coma to not hear about it on the news.  Eddie stared up at them too.  He seemed unsure of what to make of them.
“From the Rust Belt to the Wind Belt,” Ivan muttered before returning his gaze to the ground. Tire tracks moved out straight from the fence line, but only two moved away and out towards the old steel plant. By the looks of them they were old.
Maybe we got here first.
He stood up. “I ain’t a fucking tracker.  I don’t even know if these are their footprints.” The moonlight wasn’t sufficient enough to see everything.  If they missed the tracks or had the wrong entry points into the facility, the meeting could happen anywhere and they could miss any chance they had to find Rafael.
“Who are we tracking specifically?”  Eddie leaned over the prints.
“Pavel or the cop.  Or both.”  Ivan squatted down next to Eddie.  He peered more closely at the imprint and nearly let out a laugh.  “You’ve got to be shitting me.”  He traced the outline of the symbol at the interior of the print.
The star of Bethlehem.
He stood up. “It’s them, or his, whatever.  I’ve seen that star before.”
Eddie stared at him but stood up too.  “You sure?”
“Absolutely.  God’s on our side.”  He followed the tracks with certainty.  One foot in front of the other in the gloom, they crossed the brown turf.  A light fog seemed to have drifted in along the shores of Lake Erie and the faint whirl of the windmills hummed in the air.  The rusted brown steel plant loomed above, broken windows tinted with dust peering down with decades of disinterest. Catwalks came and went at various angles protruding from the building like antennae probing the air.
They neared the brick building that was the old plant facility; black and broken windows cast toothless smiles down upon the duo.  Ivan could hear Eddie’s labored breathing and he wished his companion could pant a bit more quietly.  They followed the star through the dirt to where it stopped at a small flight of three steps that ended on a crooked cement landing in front of an old metal door.  The top half of the door was lined with broken glass from a window that used to rest there. When they got to it, Eddie placed his hand on the door handle and looked at Ivan who nodded.  Eddie swung the door open and stepped back, holding the Ak-47 at eye level and scanning the room left and then right.  He shuffled forward and Ivan followed in his wake carefully scanning the dark building by bits of moonlight that cascaded through multiple broken windows in silver beams of pale light. A large cavernous hall met them.  The roof stood atop three rows of steel beams that lined the plant floor as steel vestiges of Greek magnificence.  These columns were no great aesthetic architectural achievement, but rather necessary constructs, their only achievement being their mere existence, tributes to the ingenuity of man.
Eddie pulled out an LED flashlight once the two of them decided they were in no immediate danger.  They followed the outer wall of the plant towards a manager’s office that stood at the top of two staircases on the far wall.  One staircase ran up the wall to the left side of the solitary room, while the other descended from the right side.  Ivan caught Eddie’s eye and nodded up towards the room.
Might be able to get a better view up there.
Eddie led the way and they passed in front of an old computer box that looked like the high-tech machines from bad movies in the 1970’s.  Its buttons were bulky and clumsily arranged and Ivan wondered what it controlled.  He disregarded the device as fast he came across it though.  The LED light swung across a corroded and rusted bank of power distribution boxes, four rows of six rusted brick-red boxes that used to help power the facility.  Eddie scanned the power source and his light settled on one in particular.  The face had been removed and a series of wires had been cut and replaced with new ones.  The wiring trailed outward towards the steps leading to the manager’s office.
Eddie fell into a crouch.
The hairs on the back of Ivan’s neck stood at attention. He swung his back to the wall and pulled his dual Glocks to bear, keeping one leveled in both directions.  Eddie gingerly placed a foot on the metal steps leading towards the management office and Ivan fell in step behind him, keeping one gun trained behind him each step upwards.
When they neared the top, Eddie caught the end of his gun on the metal rail and the clang of metal on metal reverberated throughout the plant.  He closed his eyes and winced.  They both held their breath and waited for the sound to die away.  Ivan felt a bead of sweat roll off his forehead and hang on the tip of his nose.  He shook his head and watched the drop trail off and disappear into the darkness below.
Eddie resumed his methodical march up the last few steps and pushed the door open much like he had at the entrance.  Noticing that the room was clear he pushed further into it and Ivan climbed in behind him.
The first thing he noticed was the mattress.  Fresh sheets lined it and a small lamp stood on the floor just to the side.
“A bum?” Eddie asked.  He crouched next to the sheets and picked up a small radio.
“Not likely.  You know bums that own radios and can rewire power outlets?”  Ivan scanned the room.  “I’d say we found our money source, or at least someone who has been brokering transactions.”
“You’re right.  This isn’t just a radio. It’s a police scanner.”  Eddie turned a knob and a dispatcher doled out instructions to some officer or another.  He turned another knob and lowered the volume.
 Just as he did so, they both heard a crash from down below.  Ivan hit the deck next to Eddie who killed the LED light.
“Now what?”  Eddie whispered.
“Now we let that fucker come to us.”  Ivan crouched next to the door, both guns trained on the entrance.  Eddie raised his Ak-47 and they waited as the footsteps below reached the first metal step.
Chapter 19

Three silhouettes approached them along Don Ciancetta's curved drive, obscured by the flashing lights of the squad cars.  Part of him wanted to run inside, some natural instinct to evade his life's chosen enemies.  Another part of him wanted to shoot his way out of there and go down in a blaze of glory.  If they suspected him of planting explosives and detained him there was a good chance he'd never see the light of day even if he wasn't guilty.  He coughed and his eyes watered but he worked his way towards the approaching shadows anyway.
Time isn't on my side these days.
One of the shadows, the larger one, broke off at a word from the slender one that he realized was a woman by the curve of her hips and the sway of her gait. The larger shadow stopped walking, made to follow but stopped and spun away from the converging trio in disgust.  The Pope caught sight of the man's broad back and made out the letters "F.B.I." stretched across his shoulders.
The woman approached first and was finally close enough that he could make out her features. Her long dark hair lined her face and he couldn't tell if it was brown or black.  Her dark eyes sized him up as she flipped over a badge with one hand while extending her other for a hand shake.
"I'm Special Agent Sydney Price."
The Pope coughed into his hand then shrugged, showing her his wet hand while refusing to clasp hers.  She pulled it back but her eyes didn't leave his. He glanced over at the other silhouette, but he was standing back and off to the side and the constant flashing light kept blinding him every time he tried to get a better look.  "What do you want?"
"A bomb went off at the Galleria Mall today," Agent Price said while she unrolled a sheet.
"What the fuck does that have to do with my client?"   He looked back over his shoulder, following the agent's gaze. Don Ciancetta paced back and forth on the drive less than a dozen feet behind them.
"More than a hundred dead and wounded Americans," she said, raising her voice. "These people are neighbors of yours."
"Boo fucking hoo," he shot back. He felt a twinge of anger, but he didn't want to give any leverage to this glorified cop standing on his boss' front porch. "Tell me why we should care.  Do you have a warrant officer?"
"Special Agent Price.  Federal Bureau of Investigations, Christian Biela."  She locked eyes with him again. In negotiations the first one to blink always lost and he had a feeling, suddenly, that they were negotiating something.  The only thing was he couldn't quite figure out what.
He held the gaze and made sure to enunciate. "Again, tell me why I care."
"Because my wife is on that list."  A gravely voice whispered from the shadow to her side. He squinted at the figure but hairs crawled along the back of his neck.  He knew that voice.
"The shadow speaks." The Pope said as the silhouette took a step forward.  The brown stubble remained but the bloody crease across Alex Vaughn's head had healed and scarred since the last time the two of them crossed paths.  The man had brandished a gun at him to get information, gone so far as to put the barrel in his mouth.  That was for a friend.
His wife this time.
He took a cautious step back.
"Officer Vaughn." The man owed him his life.  The Pope's desire for one less dead cop on the streets, and all the heat that would have brought with it, led him to intervene in a moment of crisis for the cop in front of him. "Sorry to hear that about your wife."
"Not Officer Vaughn anymore.  Just Alex Vaughn.  I retired." Alex stepped forward and held his hand out between the two of them, coming in a bit too close for comfort.  The Pope looked at it for a moment before clasping it and attempting to turn back towards Sydney but Alex Vaughn held his hand tight, swinging him back around.  "I'm not sorry about what happened to my wife.  But I promise you, someone will be."  He pried his fingers away from Alex Vaughn who just looked at his shoes and held his ground, causing The Pope to slide to his left and look at Sydney.
"So what is he doing here?" he asked.
She smiled but it was Vaughn who spoke again, still not looking up.  "Because we have... history together."
He squinted his eyes in disbelief.  "You wouldn't have told her.  I don't believe it."
"You think I needed persuading to come over here and find out if you knew anything about that explosion.  You or your ...master?"  Vaughn finally looked up and his eyes spoke louder than his words. The words came anyway.  "I'm prepared to do whatever it takes."  He looked past The Pope and spoke directly to the Don, still pacing in the background.  "Anything."
The Pope stepped back to his right and cut off Alex Vaughn's line of sight. "We have nothing to do with that explosion."
"I'm not saying you did," Agent Price spoke up. "But what do you know about Russians operating in the area?"
"I don't know shit."
"That's too bad," Agent Price frowned.
"It's bullshit." Vaughn pulled up.  "You mean to tell me that two explosions go off in your neighborhood, Russian bodies start showing up left and right and you don't have a clue what's going on? That's your story?" Again he looked over The Pope's shoulder and spoke directly to the Don who stopped pacing and looked at Alex Vaughn with his great furrowed brow.
"Two explosions?" The Pope asked.
"One at the mall another at an old friend of yours, Dick LoGalbo." Vaughn spoke to him but his eyes kept searching for the Don.
"No shit?" he raised his eyebrow hoping to look surprised.
"Two dead Russian priests," Vaughn continued.
"Two? So sad."
"And another dead Russian outside my house." Alex Vaughn was now so close to him that he could smell his breath. This time though, The Pope really was surprised.
Three dead Russians.
He couldn't help but think that the Russians that nabbed Rafael Rontego must have bit off more than they could ever have hoped to chew. He didn't love these Russians, and he hated them even more for bringing all the negative attention to the area.  It didn't even sit well with him that so many civilians were harmed.  Mothers, children, young men; bombs like that were indiscriminant.
But I can't let them know anything.
 If they found the Russians they might find Rafael still being held there. Indictments would rain down like a summer shower.
On all our heads.
He snapped out of his thoughts when he noticed Agent Price studying his face.  She seemed to be looking right through him so he tossed out a few hurried words.  "That's a shame, it really is.  I wish we could help.  But seeing as you don’t have a warrant, I'm assuming you don't have one since you haven't thrown it at me yet, I'm gonna have to ask you leave my client's property."
"Sure, we'll leave," Agent Price said making no movement to do so.  "But when we leave our offer leaves with us."
"Offer?"  The Pope looked at Alex who was staring at Don Ciancetta like he was about to give birth.
“In case you hadn’t heard there’s a case open on you and your boss there.”  Agent Price pointed a slender finger at the Don.
“A case? I wasn’t aware.”  He straightened up and pulled his crumpled jacket tight around his waist.
“Well, you might have noticed if you weren’t so busy flipping my men off earlier.”  A couple of familiar agents heard her raised voice and their silhouettes waved with one-finger salutes.  The Pope gave a small wave back.  “But even if you weren’t, you are now and you know that I can make life easier on you, both of you.”
The Pope perked up at that and looked back at Don Ciancetta, who had slowly been walking closer to the conversing trio, and then back at Agent Price. “Right.  Like you’d just lift your investigation and walk away.”
“Come on Chris. You know the rules.” Vaughn’s eyes flashed.  “You know she can’t do that.  She can’t do it anymore than I could have when I carried a badge.  But you know the same as I do that some things can be worked out.”
The Pope looked from one pig fucker to the other, wondering when the other shoe would drop.  But both of them had faces of stone.
Alex Vaughn lowered his voice and came in close again.  “For once in your life do the right thing.  There were innocent people killed.”
“Ain’t no innocent people officer. You know that as well as I do.”  He sized Alex Vaughn up and down to emphasis his point.
“My wife is innocent.  My child’s innocent. Don’t confuse the world we live in with everyone else’s.”  He wasn’t mad, if he was he didn’t show it.  His voice didn’t tremble or rise with emotion like it had that day in his office when The Pope had tasted the metal of his Beretta. It was even, subdued, almost sad.
I still have to tell him to go to hell though.
And he would have.  But no one saw the middle-aged woman in the pink version of a bathrobe similar to the Don pad silent along the driveway behind them in a pair of matching slippers.  Sleep hung heavily on her eyelids and her dark hair was tied back and above. “What’s this about, Leonard?”
“Jesus Christ, Maria.  Go back to bed.”
“It’s about the explosion at the Galleria Mall.”  Alex Vaughn threw it out into the night air and it was as if the words hung suspended on the edge of his tongue before traveling the rest of the way to Maria’s ears.
The words may have taken a second to get there but once they hit her ears it was all shrieks and yelling.
“I put up with a lot of shit Leonard!  But if you had anything to do with this…” she paused for breath between the trembling of the words and prattled off the rest so that it sounded like one word. “I swear to God you’ll be spending the night in another house god-damn-it. If you know anything about that you will tell them.  You hear me?  Your cousin’s daughter left that mall minutes before…” And here the tears started coming.  “Minutes before that…that tragedy.”
The Don looked small in that moment, his unlit cigar hanging from his lax mouth, a full two inches open.
Maria started walking back towards the house and waved her hand like she was warding off gnats.  “You tell them Leonard.  You tell them.”  She walked back into the house with out looking back and slammed the door, exiting the lawn much louder than she entered it.
Everyone stood there in silence. The pigs stood in the flashing lights waiting for an answer and The Pope didn’t know how to respond. Don Ciancetta waved him over and walked a bit away from the group.
He lowered his voice to just above a whisper and asked, “What are our options, old friend?” He wrapped an arm around his shoulder and he felt the weight of the man’s thick hands there as they turned their backs and faced the front door. “I don’t want these feds breathing down my neck for terrorist activity on top of everything else.”
The Pope knew where he was heading and shook his head. “We can’t help them, Leo. If they get Rafael, they get everything. You go to jail, they freeze your funds, take the house, your cars, boats; forget about it. It’s all gone.”
“I’m on board. Believe me.” He looked up at him and The Pope could smell the wet tobacco of the chewed up cigar. “When we talked the other day, on the boat, it got me thinking. We know we can’t beat this forever.”
The Pope cleared his throat to protest but the Don squeezed his shoulder and kept speaking. “We’ll try of course. But that fed said something about a deal. Maybe we can work something out here.”
“They won’t let you go free.” The Pope could hardly believe his ears.
“I fucking know that numb nuts. What I’m talking about is that cop being right that we know the rules. They got a job same as us so they can’t stop coming for us, but maybe when and if that day comes, they can stop with me and leave certain assets alone.” He shifted his eyes towards the house looming like a silent shadow above his shoulders.
The Pope shook his head again. The prudent thing would be to shut their mouths, find Rafael Rontego, and remove him. He tried to speak again, but someone cleared their throat a few paces behind. Time was running out.
Don Ciancetta came around and put one hand on each of his shoulder so that they were eye to eye. “My family is what matters. All of this is for nothing if all this shit we’ve done gets undone, know what I mean? My family is what matters now, my flesh and blood, capice?"
The Pope nodded and with a flourish marched over to Alex Vaughn and Special Agent Price.  His chest felt like a pile of boulders squeezing him from the back and the front in a vice.  He brought his handkerchief to his mouth and shielded them from the cough that racked his body before he began speaking, fully immersed in his lawyering mode. "My client might be in a position to help you.  But he would need certain," he smiled the same smile he flashed a judge and jury a hundred times, before "assurances."
"We can't ignore him and the things he's done," Agent Price said.
He held up his hands and patted the air in front of his face.  "The things he has allegedly done."  She opened her mouth to retort but he continued.  "But let us not waste time.  If you were to get something in writing confirming a commitment to limit your investigations or any consequences of said investigation to Mr. Ciancetta's person as opposed to, say, his assets, then that would be enough for my client.  After all, he is a patriot and loves this country."
Agent Price swallowed and shook her head side to side. "We can't allow this man to enjoy a bank full of ill-begotten wealth just because he points us in the right direction."
"I understand you need to have a cash value if it ever comes to unceremoniously putting my client's head on a stake, but should that day ever come a percentage would be more than enough to present to the wider public on the front page of some newspaper."  He glanced at Alex Vaughn again and then took a step towards Agent Price and leaned in so close he could smell a hint of her perfume.  "Besides, who said merely a point in the right direction?  I can tell you where he will be, all you have to do is tell us yes."
Agent Price hesitated and Alex Vaughn spoke up.  "It's for his family, Sydney.  He won't enjoy that wealth if you lock him up.  He'd never see the outside of a prison, you know that."
"It's above my pay-grade," she snapped.
"Well then, I suggest you get a hold of whoever has the authority," The Pope said.  Fighting another cough he stepped back a bit and folded his hands over each other in front of him and cocked his head as if awaiting their response.  Agent Price looked at Alex Vaughn and then with a snap of her heel strode off towards one of the vans at the entrance to the grounds. She waved over the larger man as she did so and he fell into step beside her just long enough to hear her snap an order and then he sprinted off towards the other van.
For the moment, Alex Vaughn and he were alone.
"How is life these days, officer?" he said in a way that he thought amusing.
"Not as good as yesterday," he replied evenly.
"Maybe better than a few months ago though? No sense of being grateful for borrowed time?" The Pope wiped his mouth with his rag.
"Time is only as good as the quality of the seconds," he brushed the hair away from his eye. "If my wife dies, I'm going to burn this town to the ground."
He looked into the officer's eyes and felt a slow crawl make its way up his spine. He'd seen the determination of the man and didn't doubt he'd attempt what he promised.  "We're not the Russians."
"Call it guilty by association." He was twirling something in his hand and The Pope glanced at it to see what it was in his fingers. Alex Vaughn saw him and clenched his fist, shoving the object into his pants pocket.
"Well then, I hope she lives."  He saw Agent Price make her way back towards them and the large man ran and placed a tablet in her hand.  He stole one more look at Alex Vaughn and whispered, "For both our sakes."
"We had a quick agreement. Seems you're lucky it’s an election year."  She flipped the tablet around and there was a contract there for certain immunities.  She handed The Pope a little plastic stick and said, "Your client will have to sign."  He scrolled through the contract and saw that it did indeed limit repercussions of a Federal conviction to exclude assets.  Everything was in order but he still felt his hand tremble when he got to the bottom.  Affixed to the electronic copy was the seal of The President of the United States. He swallowed.  "This will do, Agent Price."
He walked the tablet over to Don Ciancetta and held out the plastic wand. "Sign your asset protection program, guaranteed by the President himself."
The Don raised an eyebrow but signed the tablet.  "Tell them what you know."
The Pope walked over and handed the tablet to Agent Price.  "As soon as I get an emailed copy of that, we're in business."
She pressed a few buttons on the touch-screen and said, "Check your inbox."
He checked his phone and saw a pending email." He verified the attachment then said, "The man you're looking for is the Black Widow.  He's at the abandoned Bethlehem Steel plant or soon will be."
"How do you know this?" Alex Vaughn asked.
"I have a man tracking the situation."
Vaughn stared at him for a second and then said, "Of course. It makes perfect sense."
Agent Price looked at him and asked, “Really? You believe him?"
"The Russians have Rafael.  Of course they're trying to track them." Before he finished Agent Price was shouting to her men to load up and running back to the vans with Alex Vaughn close on her heels.  In the blink of an eye they were squealing tires and speeding away from the property.  The guards at the entrances looked over at the two men, utterly confused. The Pope waved them back to their posts with a shout, “Get back to work and try not being totally useless tonight."
He looked over at the Don who was starring at his slippers.
"How's it feel to be an honorable citizen?" he asked, trying to keep the strain out of his voice.
"Like a death sentence."  The Don looked up and spit bits of his cigar onto the ground.  "Come on in and get some coffee.  Maria will still be awake."
"I'll be right in."  The Pope watched him slowly walk inside and then dialed a number on his cell. "Hey. Yeah it's me.  I suspect you’re outside the old Bethlehem Steel factory.
The voice came through in quiet but clear Italian, "Yes. Elimination?"
"Yeah, we don't want our guy leaving that building alive."
"Which one?" the man asked.
"Which one?"
"Yeah, Ivan is there too."
Fuck. I forgot about Ivan.
"Yeah.  Him too." Then he pressed the end button and slowly made his way inside.  He felt weak all of a sudden but ignored the dizziness and grabbed the handle.  He pulled the door open and saw a light coming from the back of the house, towards the kitchen, and then he remembered Nuncio.  He turned in the doorway thinking to go and get him, and then he collapsed to the floor and saw the light at the end of the hall collapse around itself into a pin point of light before disappearing completely.
Chapter 20

Rafael Rontego pulled the car over on the side of the road on Ridge Road and N. Gates Avenue.  To the west loomed the shadowed corpse of old factories bitten by the rabid disease of decades of decay. He looked out over the grey landscape as the long tooth of the night hung in its darkest moment before the promise of a brighter morning. Kira watched his face, beaten and swollen.  He was expressionless as he gazed over it all and towards the Skyway strafing the horizon in front of them.  The roadway followed the shore of Lake Erie in the foreground of the blackened buildings. Dots of light beckoned outward from their posts only to be swallowed by the surrounding dark.
She touched her own face and felt her skin bite at her in protest.  Her eyelids felt heavy and thick and her lips hurt every time she so much as twitched her cheeks.  Her wrists were sore from the binds that she had struggled against but they worked and she supposed she had the assassin to thank for the bit of freedom she currently enjoyed.  He had been silent since their last exchange and at first she was furious at him.  She blamed him for destroying any chance at a normal childhood, she blamed him for her father going to jail, for not protecting her mother, and for thwarting her own long dreamt revenge.
But he saved my life.
Uncle Dick betrayed her.  Her father asked for Rafael Rontego’s help.  Everything she knew seemed to be less true or less definitive with each passing breath.  The morning had started off so simple and normal and now she was in the backseat of a car with a renowned assassin, bloodied, tired, and somehow losing her taste for revenge against the very man she had hoped to see in pool of blood just a day before.  Bobby and his goofy grin crossed her mind and she wondered if things might have been different if she’d taken him up on the offer to hang out and if she’d ignored the Russians’ request to meet.
Uncle Dick would have found some other way to deliver me to them.
Rafael looked at her.  “I have business to take care of in there.”
He gave a slight nod in the direction of the abandoned steel plant.
“I’ve got two options for you.  You can either wait here in the car for my return, or you can take the car and go home.  I’ll bring your old man to you when I’m done and we can all three have a nice little chat about what happened that night he went away. Either way, your role here is done.”  He took the car keys and threw them on the seat next to him.  He pulled his pair of silenced pistols out, loading a bullet into each chamber with a metallic click.  He lowered a black felt hat onto his head.  The fedora tilted slightly cocked to the side, he opened the car door.  After exiting the vehicle, he let the door rest to a close without securing it and looked into the window at Kira before turning and walking into the gloom.
She sat there for several heartbeats trying to figure out if it was a joke.  She looked out the window for any sign of the assassin but he’d melted into the shadows.  Leaning forward over the center console, she reached for the set of keys on the seat; her hand found them, but also something heavier which brushed against her knuckles.  She grabbed it and felt the cool steel in her hand.  Clutching the pistol, a third option occurred to her.
She pocketed the keys and held the pistol loose in her right hand.  She turned off the dim overhead bulb just in case the assassin was watching from the shadows and slipped the car door open just far enough to squeeze her thin body through.  Then, without hesitation, she padded on light feet in the direction the assassin had taken towards the factory.
The smell of rust blowing on a wet wind greeted her as she knifed into the night.  The assassin had been walking so she checked her speed, being careful not to inadvertently overtake him.  She used the lighted beacons along the Skyway coupled with the black shadow along the night sky to guide her.  She felt the adrenaline course through her veins and despite her battered and weary body; she found her footing to be sure and nimble. She crossed underneath the Skyway after a hundred yards, leaving what little light she had behind her as she scurried headlong into the unknown.  She heard a whisper of noise ahead, and thought it to be the wind until she heard a light thud a moment after.  She hurried towards the noise, her eyes failing to adjust quickly to the dark and the faint bit of moonlight that hung over the landscape.  She quickened her pace, not wanting to lose the assassin and almost ran headlong into a fence surrounding the old compound.  She looked frantically at it, too tall for her to leap and grab the top. Scanning the fence’s perimeter, she came across a small tree, a sapling that grew in the shadow of the barrier.
It was only three feet tall, but more than enough to give her a boost.  In a flash, she was up and over without even a whisper as she hit the ground in a crouch.  The moonlight bathed the area before her and she couldn’t be sure if her eyes adjusted or if a cloud had drifted away from the silver orb. In either case she was grateful; spying a shadow picking a path over the debris littered ground.  Old pieces of metal and dead grass carried over patches of brown dirt and rock.  The land looked like someone had scorched the life out of it.  Kira sucked in her breath, tasting the oxidation of the air as she did so, and made her way forward ever careful to maintain a safe distance from the assassin.
A worn out building with more broken windows than intact grew from the earth in front of her. The assassin spun around, throwing his back to the doorway, and Kira hit the deck.  Her lungs contracted, sending a hiss of air between her teeth.  Rontego’s head snapped up and for a moment she thought he could see her, but he looked down and checked his weapons.  The assassin slipped the door open and held it ajar with the toe of his boot and looked down the barrel of his pistol as he pointed it into the inches wide crease of the doorway.
Kira stifled a gasp.  From her belly, looking towards the building, she could see two teams of men converging on the building from either side.  Several of the silhouettes carried long barreled weapons that looked like automatic weapons or shotguns, she couldn’t tell from her distance. Three men moved in from the assassin’s left and two from the right.  They climbed winding sets of metal stairs, similar to fire escapes, which lead upward on each side of the building.  One of the men separated from the others and continued to walk towards the door, his weapon held protectively in front of him.
She wanted to yell out at Rafael Rontego, but didn’t know who was who or how it would all play out.  Besides, just as she opened her mouth, the assassin slipped inside.  He shut the door just as the lone gunman rounded the corner and marched slowly but surely for the exact same entrance.  At the same moment, the other men reached the top of their stairwells and slipped inside the building, their shadows disappearing inside as if the very building had consumed them.
Kira felt her chest constrict.  She didn’t know why.
I shouldn’t care. I shouldn’t.
She looked left and right and once she was sure there were no more shadows, she inched towards the building.  As she neared the rusted structure the hair on the back of her neck stood up with a prickling sensation.  Instinctively, she crouched just as light exploded out from the building with a roar.  A reddish orange glow pulsed outward from the building with a wave of heat and Kira dropped to the ground, again, to avoid being seen.  Her cheek landed against something metal, and from the newfound light flowing over her, she was able to track the path of two-foot long sections of gridded metal grating that traveled under the doorway of the building and, she hoped, further along into the interior.
She snapped her head away from the grate as she heard the roar of a furnace and the unmistakable growl of fuel being gobbled by flame.  Above it all she heard clapping.  Two loud hands slowly came together in an eerie echo, and then above even that, a voice said, “Welcome.  Welcome to my parlor, said the spider to the fly.”
I know that voice.
Her hands trembled and she couldn’t tell whether it was from nerves, excitement, anger or all of it combined.  She placed the pistol on the ground and rubbed her hands together. Taking a deep breath she gripped the grate and gave it a yank dislodging the metal from the turf.  A spray of dry dirt exploded outward in protest.  Kira glanced left and then right to make sure she didn’t see any more men outside and then leapt into the tunnel, sliding the grate back in place above her.
Chapter 21

Two black government issued SUVs raced along Harbor Drive.  Three black and blues followed in their wake, lights out and sirens off. The Skyway would have been quicker but the route ran right above the steel plant and Alex Vaughn advised they take Harbor Drive and then go around the facility along the old Ship Canal Parkway, aptly named for the canal that cut inland and was used to ship millions of tons of steel in Bethlehem’s heyday. Nobody wanted to be seen before they located the suspects and cast their net around them.
Sydney could hear the faint twirl of chopper blades in the distance.  Special Agent Simmons had given the approval and she gave silent thanks for that. Searching the thirteen hundred acre site with a small team would have been problematic without the aerial support provided by the chopper crew.  The Coast Guard deployed a few vessels as well but she had no way of knowing where they were.  Agent Moreland organized their role, but according to Moreland, asshat-in-charge Todd Simmons had usurped naval and aerial command of the operation.  Todd Simmons might be great at sucking up but he was never considered a field tactician.
“Why didn’t Special Agent Simmons allow us more personnel?” Briggs asked with a trademark scowl.
“Because he doesn’t want to divert any more resources than necessary on the word of a gangster.” Sydney glanced at Briggs who rode in the back with Agent Conrad.  He just wasn’t acting like he had anything to hide.  Director Randall Smith was certain that the calls outbound had come from Brigg’s station.
But what does that really mean?
“It doesn’t make sense,” Sydney said under her breath.
“What doesn’t?” Briggs asked.
Damn his good hearing.
She turned to Alex Vaughn in the passenger seat. “Why bring you back into this?  Why would the Russians be at your house?  Why?  It just doesn’t make any sense to me.”
“I don’t know yet.”  Alex Vaughn’s brown hair fell in front of his eye and she couldn’t see his expression. “But when we find Rafael Rontego I bet he’ll know.”
“You don’t think he is working with the Russians, do you?” Briggs injected.
“I don’t know that either.” Vaughn said.  “I don’t think that is how this guy operates though.  He might switch allegiances within the family but he made his loyalties known during the Ciancetta civil war.” He gripped the door handle as Sydney took the SUV through a sharp turn around the edge of the canal. As she rounded the corner she dimmed the headlights and slowed the vehicle down to a crawl.  The rest of the caravan followed her lead.
“Loyalties can change,” Briggs said.
“It isn’t just loyalty for these guys.  It’s a way of life. For some of them since the moment they were born.”  Alex Vaughn looked back at Briggs. “It’s them against the rest of the world and the rest of the world is anyone not in their Family.”
“Like us,” Sydney said.
“Like us.  Like the Russians.  Like the other Families.”  Vaughn pulled out his 9mm Beretta and checked the chamber.
“Your earpiece and microphone are set, ma’am,” Agent Conrad said, handing over the tiny piece of electronic equipment. “You have the helicopter pilot on line one, click the button to go to line two where the rest of the team is on stand-by.”
She stopped the SUV on the corner of Hanna and Commerce Drives.  The canal closed them in from the north and as she exited the vehicle she could smell the stale water caught in the manmade trench.  The Skyway cut across the east directly in front of them and based on the map of the area on her tablet, courtesy of Agent Conrad, she knew fifteen hundred feet of open field lay beyond the Skyway where the cluster of old factories and warehouses lay.  Her men piled out of the vans and the Buffalo men in blue that were providing support followed.  As they approached, Sydney turned away and faced the looming darkness beyond.  The night air was filled with the smell of stagnant water and rust, but she breathed it in anyway as she steadied herself for the task at hand.
My father didn’t die in vain.  Those people at the mall are not forgotten.
She turned around and saw that Briggs had rolled out a map on the hood of the SUV and the team gathered around it.  A voice cut in on her earpiece, muffled a bit by the rotating helicopter, “Agent Price, this is Captain Ortiz.”
“Go ahead, Captain.”
“Ma’am, we’ve picked up a large reading of infrared in one of the old factories.  There are three hotspots in play on your route.  We have one hostile outside the main entrance gate directly to your south and west.  We have another in the field outside the position of the factory marked building B.  But this is where it gets weird.  Building B is lit up like a birthday cake.  We can’t make out how many personnel are inside.  From your position you should be able to see the light being generated by what appears to be a controlled fire.”
“Thanks Captain.”  Sydney looked out across the field and saw nothing but darkness until her eyes scanned a bit further south.  There against the horizon was a flickering light of orange.
“No problem, ma’am.  I’ll mark the positions on your tablets and notify you of any changes picked up from the air; over and out.”
Sydney clicked over and walked up to her men as well as Dr. Tolbert. Briggs was pointing out positions and various lines of sight for potential sentries as well as the best paths across the field on a satellite image of the area.
“Intel has two sentries that are marked on your tablets.”  Dr. Tolbert pulled hers up as everyone gathered around.
“What is this hot spot?” Briggs asked.
“It looks like whoever is inside reactivated one of the old forge lines and the heat generated is hotter than the bodies, if there are any, inside.”  Sydney looked at the map and pointed at a small line running from the cluster of buildings.  “What is this?”
Agent Conrad spoke up.  “That is an old tunnel system that runs into Lake Erie.  They would pull water in from the Lake to quench the steel.”
“Any access points?” Sydney frowned.
“Yes, all over the line actually.  But only one exit point that wouldn’t be covered by a sniper line of sight and that’s on the Lake.”  Agent Conrad stood back and placed the exit point on his tablet with a flick of his finger across the surface, which lit up on each of the other devices carried by the team.
“I already notified the Coast Guard, ma’am, and their shuttle is on standby over there with a two man team,” Agent Moreland said.
Sydney pulled her gun and said, “We have to assume the hostiles are armed and dangerous.  You know your assignments.  Carry them out and remain disciplined.  Remember, Moreland and Timms will have sniper fire in support.  Timms from the northeast inside building A and adjacent to building B. Moreland from the south on this small incline at about fifty yards.”  She pointed at a small rise in the landscape.  “Conrad, you run logistics from here. Vaughn, Briggs, and our counterparts from the BPD, on my hip until we reach sentry one.  At that point Vaughn, two officers, and I will take him down and the rest of you go to sentry two. Take that one down and wait there until we meet up with you outside building B. Any questions?”
Each one of them looked back at her with grim and determined faces.  Briggs’ eyes flashed but Vaughn looked past them and she wondered what ghosts danced in his memories. They made their way to a fence line just on the edge of the facility and Agent Timms took a pair of bolt cutters to it, opening up a hole large enough for them pass through one at a time.
“Remember to keep channel two clear.  I’ll be bringing the chopper in on line one as soon as we are in position for real time updates on hostiles.”  She paused, “Okay, since there are no questions, snipers out first, communicate via the headset when you are in position.”
Timms took off to the northeast in a quiet sprint, his rifle in both hands.  She watched him make his way toward the abandoned building just over a small rise in the lifeless landscape.  Moreland, meanwhile, picked his way through a cluster of old steel parts and luminescent brown grass catching drifts of moonlight as clouds opened up intermittent patches of light.  He climbed the small incline just as Timms disappeared into the abandoned building marked “B”.
“Position secured,” Moreland broke in on the earpiece.  “Hostile sentry one is in view.”
“Position secured.  Clear line of sight,” Timms followed.
Agent Conrad marked their positions on the tablet with green circles and Sydney could see where the first sentry was marked nearly between both points. “Bringing chopper one on the line.”  She clicked the merge button on her earpiece and she could immediately hear the faint humming of the rotary blades. “Chopper one on the line.  Hostiles are holding positions.  Note that hostile two is close to the heat periphery.”
With a forward wave she began picking her way through the grass towards the last marker for the first sentry.  Alex Vaughn walked on her right and Briggs trailed her on the left.  A half dozen BPD fanned out behind them, keeping pace, but letting the FBI take the lead.
“Hostile is ten yards in front of you,” Moreland said into her earpiece.
She squinted into the dark and cursed herself for not having proper field equipment to see with night vision. She could see the faint outline of something white.  Her breath hitched and she signaled for two of the police officers to go left and around and for two to go right. Briggs moved with the left group and as he did so, she picked up her pace and in a few strides she was close enough to the hostile to make out his full outline against the backdrop of the ignited building.  The other officers moved into the darkness and past the first sentry, continuing on to the second sentry location.
Vaughn picked up speed as the groups rustled past on their flanks and the hostile turned his head to the left, hearing the footsteps, just as Alex Vaughn came up from his right and pressed his Beretta against the side of the man’s head.
“Don’t move, cocksucker.” Vaughn cocked the hammer on his Beretta to emphasis the point. The two police officers in the group shuffled to his side, making their presence known.
The sentry dropped whatever was in his hands instantly and threw his hands into the air with a flourish. “Please don’t shoot!”
The voice sounded familiar to Sydney but she couldn’t place it.
“Turn around nice and slow,” Alex Vaughn said.
He turned around and as he did so the moon lit up his face enough that Sydney blurted out,” Randal? Randal Boone? What are you doing here?”
A relieved Randal Boone lowered his hands with a trembling sigh. “Agent Price!”  He looked at Alex Vaughn and then at the ground. “I’m, erm, I’m working, ma’am.”
One of the officers that picked up the dropped items walked over and handed Sydney something that looked like a walkie-talkie and a recording device, along with a press credential.
“Jesus Christ,” Alex Vaughn hissed.
“How the hell did you find out about this operation?” Sydney asked.  Her glare sent Randal Boone back into a stammer.
“Well, erm, ma’am, Agent Price, ma’am, that’s a police blotter.  I heard, I heard the call go out and thought, well hell, a man’s gotta earn a living. I thought I might get a good story out here while everyone else covers the mall.  Plus, I knew you were at the Galleria and if you were coming here, I thought it might be related.”
“You fool,” Sydney blurted.  “You could have jeopardized everything.”
Randal Boone looked back at the ground and Alex Vaughn held a stare so intense on the man that she thought he might punch him right there.
Turning to the officers she said, “Take this man to the staging area and hold him there until we are done here.”
“Yes, ma’am.”  They closed in on Randal Boone, one on either side and grabbed him, leading him from the scene despite his hushed protestations. 
As he was being led away, Alex Vaughn watched the trio with a scowl on his face. “Who is he?”
“A reporter.  He asked me questions at the Galleria.”
Just then Briggs broke in on her earpiece.  “Hostile two is not here.  I repeat hostile two is not here.”
Shit.
“Agent Conrad, I need satellite playback from the last sixty seconds.”  Sydney crossed her fingers as she and Alex Vaughn made their way to just outside the target building where the rest of the team awaited.  She could hear the muffled voices of men inside the building talking, and even from outside she could tell there was a strained calm in the timbre of the conversation.
“Ma’am, satellite infrared images show the hostile entering the building moments before our men arrived.”
Do they know we’re here?
Her phone started buzzing on her hip and she was fast to click the silent button.  She tilted the screen so she could read the text just in case it was important.
Officer Zgoda.  Fuck.  He probably has an update on Charlotte.
If there was ever any doubt about that, it disappeared with the next text.  She sighed.  She had no choice but to proceed.  She waved her men into their positions and the two groups split off, two each climbing the exterior metal stairs on either side of the building, while Briggs stayed with her and Vaughn to help breach the front door.
Chapter 22

Ivan could feel a bead of sweat work its way down his forehead, no doubt leaving a lazy trail of salt in its wake.  He had his twin Glocks leveled at the stairs as he crouched behind his Mexican ally.  For his part, Eddie lay on his belly and held the AK-47 steady and pointed in the same direction.  The footsteps came on like a slow moving wheel in need of grease as step after step gave a metallic groan in protest.
Christ.  Were we that loud coming up here?
About a half dozen steps from the ledge of the doorway, just out of sight, the steps stopped creaking.  Just past the dull thud of his own heartbeat, Ivan could make out the sound of whoever waited below breathing in shallow rasps.
He opened his mouth to say something, what he wasn’t sure yet, when two shafts of silver moonlight swung into the room from rectangular openings at either end of the building, but high enough to be even with their own perch. He hadn’t seen those access points from the darkness down below, as it was they both emptied out onto a walkway that ran parallel to his own position.  A steady stream of men flooded in through the illuminated doorways, shadow by shadow, lining the catwalk.
A voice spoke from the stairwell directly in front of him. “Come out boys.  There’s more than ten of us and we’re all packing automatics.”
Eddie glanced back at him, his Ak-47 clutch in between white knuckles, but he set his eyes and tapped the trigger with his index finger.  Ivan admired the grit.  But from his vantage point he could see out of the manager’s office at the firepower leveled at their tiny wood cube that sure as shit could have been made out of cardboard for all the  good it would have been at stopping bullets.
He leaned over and tapped Eddie and whispered, “Sorry friend.”
“What for?  I know the rules, right? Let’s get this over with then.”
He stood up as Ivan walked past him and said, a bit louder, “Alright. We’re coming out.”
“That’s it boys.  Nice and easy.  I want to hear metal hit the floor now.”
They dropped their weapons and as they did so, an old man peeked his head over the lip of the stairs and looked in and then quickly darted back beyond the ledge.  He was older than Ivan remembered, but the scar he saw on the man that sliced from the bottom of his lip to the tip of his chin sent Ivan’s eyebrows furrowing in confusion.
“Dick?  Dick LoGalbo?  That you?”  Ivan took a step forward just as the old head darted back around.
“You know anyone else this pretty? “  He pointed a pistol at Ivan and Eddie who came to the doorway and took a tentative step forward as Uncle Dick waved them down the stairs in front of him.  He circled back and grabbed up the Ak-47, slinging it over his shoulder and whistled in admiration as he pushed the twin Glocks into his waistband.
“I thought you said you had an automatic.”  He looked back and nodded his head towards the old man’s pistol.
“Funny thing about the Nivskys, eh?  They believe whatever the fuck you tell em.”
As Eddie walked past he made a small lunge at the old man who flinched backwards and brought his gun around in a hurry.  “Funny thing about old men, they still got the bark but not the bite,” he taunted.
They started to walk down the metal steps as almost a dozen sets of eyes watched them descend.
“So you got Mexicans doing your dirty work, Ivan?”  Uncle Dick scoffed and nudged him down another step with the barrel of his pistol.
“Seems like you’re the one doing the dirty work for a pack of Russians.”  Ivan spit on the floor.
“What?  I thought you’d be impressed.  They’re your people.  Or did you forget, you fucking mutt?”
Ivan felt his hands clench and the heat build up behind his ears.  He would have turned and split that old fucker’s nose and worried about the hail of bullets after if he hadn’t seen a small silhouette dart through the front entrance a dozen feet below them.
Was that a fedora?
He couldn’t be sure.  But then a moment later the door opened again and another man swung into the room behind whoever just entered.  As he contemplated the newcomers and leaned forward to take another step, the room lit up instantly into a bright ball of orange flame.  Heat blasted the left side of his face and for a moment he went blind with the bright light of the fire.  The flames roared around him and the faint burn of electricity threaded around the sure smell of charcoal.  Instinctively, he looked down as he shielded his eyes.
The sound of clapping came from above him, slow and steady.
“Welcome to my parlor said the spider to the fly.”
Apparently someone feels like being a show off.
When his vision came back into focus, he noticed several things happening all at once.  Underneath the metal stairs and along the bottom of the floor ran a metal grate and as Ivan looked down he saw a small figure creeping along the bottom of it hidden in the flickering shadows of the burning furnace.  If he hadn’t looked directly down at that exact second he would never have seen whoever it was creeping in the depths like a rat.
He took another shove in the back from Uncle Dick who seemed to feel confident with eight men, a few with automatic weapons, making their way down another flight of metal stairs to meet them.  Ivan noticed the two men with automatic weapons stayed on the catwalk holding their rifles at the ready. They looked over the room from their perch.
To the right of the stairs, in between the front door and the first step, a large and angry looking man carrying a shotgun had a man with two pistols and a Fedora with his hands up. With a thick eastern European accent he ordered, “Drop them on the floor.”
The man with the Fedora turned around at the same time Ivan cleared the last step of the stairs and when he did Ivan immediately stopped his descent, one foot lingering in the air, inches from the floor.  His face looked more purple and bloody than he remembered, a bit older perhaps, but the steel in his grey eyes remained the same.  Ivan swallowed and finished his last step.
“Rafael.  How you been?”
“Been better.”  Rafael Rontego looked around; Ivan saw his glance fall on the automatic weapons on the catwalk.  “It’s a bit red in here for my taste.”
Ivan smiled despite the situation, but the Russian with the shotgun didn’t think the comment was funny.  He let everyone know by driving the butt of his gun into Rafael’s unprotected stomach and dropping him to the floor and onto his knees with a gasp as the air fled his lungs in search of a more hospitable domain.
A tall Russian with a black widow clinging to his hand laughed when he saw Rafael Rontego fall to the ground. “There is the American cowboy!” He studied the three of them and asked to no one in particular, “Who are these two?”
“A few more of Don Ciancetta’s friends.”  Uncle Dick pushed Ivan in the back so that he stumbled forward.
“Very good.  Three heads for the price of one. Our friends will be pleased, no?”  The Black Widow grabbed his chin as if he was more intrigued and curious than anything else.
“Extremely pleased.”  Uncle Dick grinned. “They might even forgive you for deciding to use their money for your Chechen cause before you took care of their business.”
The Russian nodded his head.  “Chechnya struck back today. They get their blood as well.  How you Americans say?  Two birds with one rock.  Perhaps four birds.” He pointed to Uncle Dick and his lackey with a shotgun and said, “You and you. Kill them now.”
They raised their weapons and Ivan refused to close his eyes.  If they were to kill him, he would take it standing up, looking death in the face.  He noticed Mexican Eddie mumbling something, perhaps a prayer, but Rafael Rontego also stood upright and silent.
But instead of the exploding muzzle of the weapons in front of them, there was the soft sound of breaking glass.  Tiny shards fell out of a window near the roof of the building, drawing the attention of everyone in the room. As one, their gaze darted to one of the men on the catwalk who stumbled, tried to grab the rail, missed and toppled over the side.  He landed with a thud, while the other man on the walkway looked on, unable to react.
A second sprinkle of glass.
Wait for it.
The remaining man on the catwalk clutched his throat and, almost as fast, blood poured from between his fingers and he fell to his knees in a desperate attempt to breathe.
The place erupted.  Doors on either side of the catwalk flung open and boys in blue with shiny shields on their chests stormed in with guns pointed down below.  The front door blew off its hinges in a smokey explosion.
The three of them didn’t wait another second.  They bull-rushed the two men with guns leveled on them and drove them back to the corner of the furnace.  Uncle Dick got two quick shots off but Ivan didn’t stop, he tackled the man to the floor right next to the grate that ran the length of the building.  He brought his fist up and punched him in the teeth.  He felt them inadvertently stab into his knuckles but he also felt the skin give way.  The old man was no match for him.  He lay there in a daze and Ivan punched him again. Eddie stumbled up and retrieved his AK-47 from the floor.  Holding it in one hand and not even looking at the old man lying on the floor, he pulled the trigger, pouring several bits of lead into the man’s chest, causing the body to gyrate on the floor.
Looking over to his right, Ivan saw Rafael Rontego disarm the man with the shotgun using some sort of spin move that put his back to the man and tucked the barrel of the gun under his armpit.  With it trapped, he used his other hand to pull his pistol from the man’s waistband and, tucking his arm down, he pointed the barrel of his pistol backwards and over his shoulder, underneath the poor man’s chin.
He fell in a cloud of blood that ejected from the back and top of his head.
Rafael Rontego wasted no time grabbing his second pistol from the body.  Gunfire erupted all around them, but most of the men on the ground were running and hiding behind the unused furnaces that lined the factory floor.  Bullets clanged off metal and reverberated around the room, whistling as they passed.
Ivan didn’t know what to do as Eddie and Rafael huddled behind the furnace lighting the room and casting eerie shadows along the floor and walls.  Rafael Rontego held both of his guns out from his body, ready to shoot anything that came around the side of their furnace.  Eddie clutched his AK-47 but he labored to breathe properly as he crouched alongside them. Ivan grimaced when he realized both of Uncle Dick’s bullets had found their mark in Eddie’s stomach. His shirt was torn and spots so red they looked black seemed to be growing along his abdomen.
A smattering of bullets bounced around them as the shooters began to hone in on their location.  Between the furnace and the gunfire he had to shout above the roar to be heard.
“What now?” he said, as if the assassin held a magical answer.
He didn’t say anything, he merely pointed.  The grate below them lifted out of its crease in the floor and a small brunette head poked out.
“You coming Dad?”
Chapter 23

He knew he was fading in and out of consciousness.  The only mystery, as far as he was concerned, was which part contained reality and which part was some sort of fucked up delirium.
The lighthouse tipped him off that he dreamt or that his subconscious decided now was as good a time as any to make its presence known.  When he was a kid he’d climbed the stairs of the beacon of light on his own.  For an eight year old, each step upwards contained the promise of adventure. He went up at night while his parents slept in a hotel room on the Carolina coast.
For a few glorious minutes he looked out on the ocean from the highest place he could find.  The silent alarm he triggered brought the police and it was the first time the stern hand of the law clasped him on the shoulder.
Then he was sitting in his Del Avant condo looking out over the city, a hundred thousand lights beneath him.
Just another climb.
He drifted back to the hotel on the Carolina coast. His father had more brown and grey in his hair back then.  Back then he was alive too.  His face was more bemused than stern when the officer informed them what had happened. When the fuzz left, his father turned with a twinkle and asked, “How’d you do it Chris?  Middle of the night.  Ten miles.”  He sighed.  “You do know you’re only eight, right? So. How’d you do it?”
Chris looked at his hands as if they were painted red.  “I didn’t tell anyone and I just went.”
His dad squatted low so that they were eye to eye.  “Well, then I think you learned three important lessons tonight. Wouldn’t you say?”
He remembered being very confused and wondering if he expected an answer.
His father spoke first.  “You learned to pick something and go after it.”  He held up one finger.  “You learned to make a plan and keep it close to the vest.”  The second finger popped up. “And third and most importantly.  Never bring the police to your family’s door.” Then his hand shot out and smacked Chris on his face so hard that tears welled up instantly in his eyes.
Clear!
The hand came back across in another backhand.
Clear!
A closed fist, but not his father’s, this time a drunk at a college bar. Fighting him over a girl.
What was her name? She was a skank anyway.
“Clear!”
A jolt burst into his body and his eyes snapped open. He felt them twitch involuntarily and he tried to blink through the spasms and the tears as he drew in a deep breath from a mask strapped to his face.
He followed the hands clutching a pair of white paddles to the blue sleeves of the EMT jumpsuit.  A worried set of eyes looked down on him and just beyond on a bench to the side sat Don Ciancetta still in his bathrobe.
His hand felt like a brick and it shook in tiny trembles but he tried to remove the mask so he could speak. The EMT tried to stay his hand but the Don slid over and moved it for him.
“What?  What’s so important Chris?”  His brow was creased and he looked a bit pale.
Jesus I wonder how I look.
His voice sounded small in his ears but he mustered up enough strength to ask. “That girl, in the bar in college.  The one I fought over…”
“Who, the skank?” The Don’s brow creased and his left eyebrow raised half an inch.
“Yeah.  Her.  What was her name?”
The Don mulled it over for a second.  “Rachel, I think.  The blonde.”
“Yeah.”  He tried to smile but judging by the look on the Don’s face he was doing something much more grotesque. “Yeah, fuck her.”
“I think we all already have Chris.” He grinned and grabbed his hand with one of his own stronger hands and with the other placed the mask back on.
The Pope smiled and leaned back to enjoy the free ride.
Chapter 24

She led them through the tunnel and the shadows of combatants rolled over them as they made a run for it. The metal cylinder stood only four feet high so they ran with their backs hunched over. Kira waved at the cobwebs that had settled across the path over decades of disuse. They stretched away from her, riding the rolling wave of heat from the furnace in swaying strands of translucent and opaque silk.  Rust and dust invaded their nostrils as they tried to move unnoticed beneath the miniature explosions of bullets exiting from their dormant repose inside the chambers of the guns that held them.  Automatic weapons pitter-pattered in multiple bursts of noise while the louder singular retort of hand guns made their presence known.
They had to clear the building in order to feel the security of solid metal and earth above them.  While they were still scurrying beneath the action above, the grating provided a line of site at intermittent intervals to potential hazards. She had no idea if anyone saw them leap into the tunnel but she was pretty sure that with that many eyes trained in their direction someone must have seen them.  To make matters worse, she had no clue where the passage would take them.
After what felt like an eternity they reached the edge of the building and the battle raging overhead.  They ran past the grate she pried open earlier and kept going in an attempt to leave the fray behind.  She glanced back and noticed that Rafael Rontego was the closest one behind her.  After him was the man they kept calling Eddie.  He was bleeding in a steady stream that left a clear path of red droplets in a trail behind them.  He was moving too slow, but Ivan, her father, was pushing him along and muttering words of encouragement.
The world was on fire and she had just met her father for the first time in over eleven years. She turned her head and focused on leading the way out of the tunnel.  She bit into the side of her cheek and forced her legs forward as the small of her back began to burn from the constant crouch.  They ran under sections of grates that allowed faint beams of moonlight to stream in and they used these like beacons to guide them along the tunnel’s length, one section of light to the next.
“Where does this lead?” Rafael Rontego asked, his voice a husky whisper.
“How the hell do I know,” Kira breathed.  “Look like I’ve been trolling abandoned parts of Bethlehem Steel?”  She ran under another grate and stumbled into an opening that was three times bigger than the tube they were running through and stopped so fast that Rafael Rontego nearly slammed into her back.  She groaned.  The path split into three directions.  Two sections split left and right while one kept going straight forward.  She spun around, “Which way?”
Rafael Rontego looked past her and felt the air down each path and tilted his head to one side listening for something.  He mumbled a word she couldn’t hear but before she could ask what it was, Ivan supported Eddie like a human crutch and the two of them stumbled into the opening and lay down breathing hard.  Eddie’s face was pale and his eyes carried the bloodshot look of the damned.  Both of his wounds were so close together that they looked like one and the back of his shirt was purple from the thickness of the blood attaching itself to the threads of his shirt.  He lay clutching his AK-47 as if he would slip away from the world of the living if he let it go.
Maybe he will.
As if he read her mind he spoke through chattering teeth, “I’m fucked.”
Ivan crouched over him and clearly wanted to tell him that he wasn’t but his eyes couldn’t hide the truth of it and he just shook his head instead.
The Mexican looked at him and gave him his free hand.  “Help me sit up and point me towards the other end of the tunnel.”  He grimaced as Ivan pulled him forward and the pressure no doubt tore at the shredded parts of his chest and back.
“You don’t have to do this,” Ivan said.  “It’s my fault you’re here.”
“Fuck off.  It’s not your fault. I made a decision to play with the big boys.  I don’t think either of us knew that meant Chechen rebels.”  He gave a small grin and then turned serious.  “Just make sure you do right by my daughter when you get free of this fucking place.”  He held the stare until Ivan nodded. “Besides, if it’s cops that come down this tunnel maybe I’ll get a damned medic.  If it’s the Russians, well, they can meet their fate from the barrel of their own craftsmanship.”
The metal under their feet vibrated with an impact and Rafael Rontego snapped his bruised and battered face in the direction from which the four of them had just come. His eyes looked almost black in the dim lighting but Kira saw them flash with the hungry look of a hunter, or the hunted, she couldn’t decide.
Survival.  They gleam with a thirst for survival.
Rafael Rontego stooped over Ivan and grabbed him by the shoulder and pushed him through the metal tube in the middle of the conjoining apertures. “Take her and go.  I’ll catch up.”
Ivan grabbed her by the arm.  The callous on his hand felt rough on her soft shoulder but the grip reminded her of his embrace when she was a child.  She shook her head.  That was eleven years ago and now was the time to focus on survival.
“How do you know it’s the right way?” Ivan whispered.  His eyes darted back down the dark tunnel where echoing voices rebounded off of the steel and rustled past their ears like inaudible rasps of so much wind.
“I can hear the waves,” Rafael Rontego said.  His voice was a low rumble and again the eyes flashed. “Now go.”
Without further questions Ivan grabbed her by the arm again and led her down into the tunnel.  When she looked back she saw the assassin pulling Eddie into a sitting position against the side of the tunnel.  In between looking at her feet to make sure she didn’t trip and trying to remember to breathe, she had another chance to look back and saw several movements in the distance beyond the assassin and her father’s wounded friend. Shadows flickered past beams of moonlight and several shouted words she didn’t understand. She saw the assassin pull his pistol and fire several shots down the tunnel. The first bullet struck the lead man and dropped his silhouette to the ground with a hollow thud.  The rest of the men stopped in their tracks and hit the deck with startled shouts and calls to their fallen compatriot.  There were several loud explosions that burst from leaping flames in the hands of the men lying on the tunnel floor and then flashes of light as bullets bounced around the assassin’s shoulders and torso, igniting small sparks on the metal surrounding him. He took a step backwards and fired another shot, the flames illuminating the area just in front of his face, shadows bouncing off of the bulbous and puffy skin.
Why isn’t Eddie shooting?
Rafael Rontego was almost through the center passage when he stumbled from an invisible impact; the force threw his back against the metal cylinder and elicited a sharp hiss of air from his mouth.  The assassin fell to his knees, tried to stand up, and stumbled down again.  Kira stopped running and turned around, the sound of the waves loud behind her.  She could smell the fresh water and a blast of night air swirled around her head. The scene played out in front of her almost thirty yards away and her lack of a weapon left her feeling as if she were doing wind sprints naked in front of her entire school.
Rafael Rontego climbed to one knee as the emboldened men slowly came forward in low crouches and army crawls. One took a shot at the assassin and he lifted his gun and returned fire striking another of the advancing me.  The rest hit the deck again and the assassin whirled and stumbled through the opening towards Kira and her father, one hand clutching a pistol and the other under the fold of his jacket clutching his side.  He waved them forward and her father grabbed her hand, spinning her around.
That’s when she saw the padlock on the grate.
Her heart sank for a moment until her father grabbed the pistol out of his belt and brought the butt of it down directly on the padlock, smashing it open in one strike.  He dislodged the remnants, leaned back and with a grunt, kicked the grate out onto a sandy and sharp decline where it landed with a thud, inches from the cresting water of Lake Erie.  He jumped down and reached up for her.  She noticed a twinkle in his eye she remembered as a small child and despite the desperate situation, felt the creep of a blush on the edges of her cheek.   She was about to jump when she heard the wheezing breath of the assassin bearing down on her and turned for one final glimpse of the scene.
The assassin hobbled towards her, no more than ten feet away, but she looked past him, over his shoulder.  Between him and the now encroaching mass of men lay an unmoving Eddie, his dormant AK-47 planted butt first on the ground.  The group of Russians, for that must have been the language she didn’t understand, were now picking up speed and were nearly on top of the dead Mexican.
“Is he dead?” Ivan asked.
“Not yet,” the assassin said, his normally husky voice settling somewhere between a rasp and growl.
When they were mere feet away, Kira saw the barrel of his weapon drop and the Mexican’s head snap up.
“Fuck you!” Eddie screamed.  His voice echoed in the chamber causing the Russians to pause and consider their mistake. Then came the roar of the AK-47 and a foot-long burst of flame blazed from the tempered steel.  One of the men had the front of his face explode in a cloud of black dust and then immediately fell.  Another took several rounds in the chest; his body pulsating like it was attached to a series of electrodes.
Her father yanked her by the hand almost at the same time Rafael Rontego gave her a push and she tumbled out of the dank enclosure and into the crisp night air.  Ivan placed her on the ground and then reached a hand out, giving the assassin some leverage as he grimaced and eased himself over the ledge as the gunshots continued in the tunnel.
They stood in a low crouch on the water’s edge as the gunfire slowed down to intermittent bursts as the Mexican was either bleeding out or running low on ammunition.  In either case, Kira knew they couldn’t wait to figure it out and the low hum of chopper blades in the air somewhere closer to the factory reminded her that they were nowhere near out of the rat-trap.  Red and blue lights rode along the waves as police boats rushed around the mini peninsula in an effort to cut off a waterway escape. They were still hundreds of yards out, but were closing fast.
“We have to split up,” Kira yelled above the din.
Both men turned to regard her, and then nodded.
“She’s right.  I’m wounded.  I’ll drag you down.  We have a better chance if we pick different directions and just go.” Rafael Rontego pulled his hand from under his jacket and dark globs of blood settled on his knuckles and in the creases of the palm of his hand.
The shadow of a hundred-foot propeller blade from the wind turbine cut across the moonlight.
“Fine,” Ivan looked south.  “But let’s run south for a while and then go in three directions. We’ll meet at Root 5 Bar.”  They started running.  “If no one shows for an hour, you leave. Get as far out of town as you can.”  He spoke into the wind but his eyes kept locking with Kira’s. “I’ll find you.”
The gunfire ended, casting an eerie silence over what was left of the evening.  A second later there was another crack that sounded different from the pitter-patter of the AK-47.  Rafael growled and said, “Now he is.”
“Is what?”  Ivan asked between breaths.
“Dead.”
Shouts came from behind them and Kira couldn’t tell if they came from inside the tunnel or just outside of it. “F.B.I!  Put down your weapons!” Her chest felt numb from the constant battering her heart was giving it, but she pumped her legs past the point of burning and ran over the uneven landscape.
They ran in silence then for about a hundred yards, the waves of Lake Erie lapping at their right and then as if reading each other’s minds Rafael Rontego and her father split to the east and ran at a near forty-five degree angle from her.  She almost stumbled in a small hole, but flailed her arms as she fell forward and somehow maintained her balance.  She ran until her lungs bit at her and until the only sound she heard was the gentle shuffle of her feet through the grass.  When she looked back she saw that Ivan and Rafael were far apart from each other, but that the wounded assassin was slowing down and lagging behind.
She looked forward and almost went head over heels into a canal that loomed large in front of her like a dark and angry abyss.  She skidded to a halt, throwing rocks over the little incline and into the water.  She looked back one more time and saw the red and blue lights of a police cruiser cutting through the field and sending up a cloud of dust in its wake.  It knifed between the assassin and her father, Ivan hit a second gear and disappeared into the darkness but the cruiser made right for Rafael Rontego who stumbled and fell to the ground as the car came to a dusty halt alongside him.
Fuck.
Kira spun, took a look at the dark and uninviting water, and dove into the canal.
Chapter 25

“Agent Price, we have another one over here.” One of the BPD officers crouched over a body in the tunnel.
“That makes five.” Three bodies were piled around a fourth who still clutched an AK-47 assault rifle. “He must have been popped early in the fight.”
Dr. Tolbert leaned over the body and moved the flap of the Russian’s jacket to the side with a pencil.  “Judging by the size of this wound it appears that this one was shot with a handgun.  Not like the other three who were all hit with rifle rounds.”
“Except the AK shooter.  He was done with a handgun, too.”  Agent Price looked at the man they had in custody.  The black spider tattooed on his hand with the red diamond marked him as the Black Widow.  She apprehended him a second after he pulled the trigger and he had dropped the gun as cold as a bag of ice and turned around with a grin plastered across his Eastern European face.
“Get Todd Simmons on the phone and get a forensics team in here with a full kit.”  She touched a place where blood splattered the wall.  It was still wet on her plastic glove.  “I want samples of…well, everything. Cordon this off and get the living upstairs.”  She pointed to one of the officers.  “Except you.  I want you to stay here and make sure that nothing gets tampered with.  No one comes into this crime scene, got it?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
She touched her earpiece and said, “Agent Conrad, I need that satellite imagery like yesterday, why isn’t it on my tablet yet?” She glanced over at Alex Vaughn, still gripping a Glock.  “Third time I’ve asked for it.”  She touched her earpiece again.  “Timms, go check on Conrad and see if his com-unit is down.”
“On it, leaving my perch now.”
They began the trek along the thousand-foot corridor and left the wreckage behind.  Another Russian prisoner would be there with Briggs who was still catching his wind from the force of the bullets to the Kevlar on his chest.
Along with another six bodies.
As she walked she let out a long hiss of air.  She felt like she had forgotten to breathe since the moment they infiltrated the building.  But with the Russian in custody and no fatal causalities on the side of the good guys, she was quietly relieved.
Even Todd Simmons won’t be able to deny that we pulled it off in a big way.
And they would need it too.  Giving away pardons and cutting deals to mobsters required nothing less than success.  Alex Vaughn slowed his pace and she realized he was waiting to walk with her.
When she caught up to him he hardly turned her way before asking, “So what do we do now?  Rafael Rontego and a couple more of these people are out in the open.”
“As much as I want to capture everyone, especially the piece of shit that will make over a year of my life worthwhile, the Black Widow was the priority tonight.  The Coast Guard guys showed up a bit too late to patrol the coast and the waterways but the helo team saw a squad car chasing down a pair of heat signals before they had to circle back down for a landing.”
“Too much wind?” Alex frowned.
“Gas.” She studied his face and the wrinkle line that seemed to roll from the corner of his left eye down to the frown of his cheek.  “C’mon.  You don’t miss it a little bit?”
“Miss it?”  He blinked.  “Oh hell yeah I miss it.  I mean, when we came through that door, guns blazing, I felt alive.”  He frowned again and looked at the floor as they navigated the rest of the tunnel. “It just reminds me that she might not be here tomorrow and how I promised her I was done with all this shit.”
“Well, circumstances have changed a bit haven’t they?  I mean since that promise was made.”  She noticed her heart rate was finally coming down from all the action and weariness seeped through her pores.
The Black Widow, the crook of his arm being guided by one of the officers, turned his head sideways and spit on the tunnel floor.  They reached the metal rungs hammered into the wall, just beneath the opening where the girl from the surveillance cameras at the Salvatore Hotel had appeared and led a minor exodus of combatants, through the noose she had created.
If only Todd Simmons had given me more man power.
She would have been able to capture all of them.  Not only would the bombing be close to wrapped up, but she’d have her own prize as well for her case against the Ciancetta crime family.
The officer was pushing The Black Widow up the rungs and into the arms of Briggs, whom she was relieved to see standing above the exit, when the terrorist kicked back and down, cracking the officer’s face with the heel of his boot.  The officer fell down the ladder and onto his back, the air exiting his lungs in a rush.  He lay there trying to catch his breath while a crease under his eye began to fill with blood.
Briggs, not amused, yanked The Black Widow up and out of the tunnel and repeatedly settled his fist into the Russian’s face.  Alex Vaughn scaled the ladder and came to Briggs' aid, while Sydney ran over and checked on the officer still recovering from the brutal kick.
She helped him into a sitting position and then came over the lip of the opening just in time to see Alex Vaughn pull back on Briggs’ arm.  Briggs was working The Black Widow’s face into hamburger but the large Russian just laid there and took it with a smile.
Vaughn pushed Briggs backward a few feet and Briggs came forward again with a head of steam, about to continue the pummeling, when Sydney jumped in between.
“Briggs! Stop it!”  She planted her feet, determined to slow the man down until he could come to his senses. The sound of singing and laughter did more to that effect than her much smaller body.
“America! America!” The Black Widow crooned through broken lips. “God shed his grace on thee.” Instead of holding the tune he spit blood across the floor. The site of it seemed to amuse him, and crawling to his knees with his hands still locked behind his back, he started chuckling. He never lifted his eyes from the ground but in his Eastern European accent, continued. “And crown thy good with brotherhood…”
“Shut up! Shut him up!” Briggs snapped.
Alex Vaughn obliged and yanked the Russian up by the cuffs. Sea to shining sea!” Then, being led across the factory floor, he turned and glanced at Briggs and took a bow while flashing his bloody grin.
Briggs took a step forward but again Sydney stayed him with the flat of her palm. “Whoa! Take it easy. We got him.”
He took a step back, turned around, and then faced Sydney again. “Yeah we got him.” He raised his voice so that The Black Widow could hear him. “And he won’t be getting a deal because we have his buddy!” He looked away again. “Cocksucker.”
“You okay?” Sydney eyed him up, he looked worn out even for a man who did take a double tap to the chest.
He leaned against one of the many iron support beams. “Yeah. I’m fine just tired.”
Alex Vaughn handed off the Black Widow to the officer questioning the other Russian. He didn’t seem to be getting anywhere based on the Russian’s vacant stare and closed lips. Just beyond them Dr. Tolbert was taking notes and looking at the evidence scattered around the scene.
“Take Dr. Tolbert and get back to the SUV. You can take a breather there while we wait for the forensic teams and Todd Simmons and his entourage.”
Briggs nodded his head and waved Dr. Tolbert over. “C’mon, boss wants us back at the staging area.”
Dr. Tolbert opened her mouth as if to say something but flipped her notebook closed and followed Briggs out the door. Two of the BPD officers stood next to the door and let them pass, then started talking in low tones, no doubt rehashing the adventure of moments before.
Sydney began to walk over to the prisoners and Alex Vaughn took a step forward to meet her. The door shut behind her exiting agents and that’s when it all happened.
The Black Widow burst into action behind Alex Vaughn. The first thing she noticed was that his handcuffs clattered to the floor. Alex Vaughn must have noticed it too because his eyes became UFO’s of white and he began to duck and turn. Last to notice it was the officer looking at his other Russian prisoner. With his back to the Black Widow, he never saw the man reach into his still unbuttoned holster and pull the officer’s own Glock from his side.
She ran forward a step just as Alex Vaughn spun around. She had no time for panic, just training, and she yanked her gun off her hip as fast as she could.
Pop!
The officer’s head snapped sideways and a spray of blood seemed to shoot from just behind his ear. His legs buckled instantly and he fell down enough in that split second that Price saw his Russian captive look at the Black Widow, nod his head in understanding, and then the second bullet came just as Alex Vaughn leapt from his crouch towards the Black Widow, his head leading his body like a spear.
But it was too late.
The Russian took the bullet just under his jaw and the lead severed an artery in his neck. From the front the hole looked small enough to stick a dime in, for a second, and then the blood came in a dark flow, obscuring the hole for a moment, then allowing it back into view until the next heart beat sent the blood outward unabated.
The two officers from the doorway, guns drawn, took a step forward, unsure how to proceed.  Alex Vaughn collided with the Black Widow and they fell to the floor at the same time as the Russian with a crater in his neck. It was a jumble of legs, arms and blood and the BPD officers were sweating, their fingers tapping their triggers.
“Don’t shoot.  We need him alive.”  Sydney watched as Alex Vaughn gained control of the Black Widow’s arm and brought his knee onto the forearm.  He wrestled the gun from the Black Widow’s grip and slid it across the floor.  In another deft maneuver, he brought one of the larger man’s hands behind his back, picked the cuffs off the floor and locked his wrist.  He threw his other knee into the man’s spine and pulled his remaining hand behind his back as the Russian went limp and began a slow laugh.
Her earpiece chirped as Moreland’s voice cut in.  “What the fuck was that?  Everything okay in there?”
“We need a medical team in here now.”  She knew it was pointless, both men lay motionless on the floor in pools of their own blood.  Sydney felt the heat from the furnace like it was leaping out from her own collar.  “Will someone please turn off that god damned furnace?”  She walked over to the Russian, face down on the floor, and lowered herself until she squatted next to his face.  “What the fuck is wrong with you?  We almost had to put you down just now.”
The Black Widow continued laughing. Sydney grabbed his face so he looked up at her.  “You just killed a cop and you’re laughing?  You are about to go Guantanamo Bay for the rest of your life.  They put electrodes on your balls in the Bay.”  She gave him a derisive snort. “Laugh about that.”
Vaughn checked the pulse of the cop and Russian in turn and shook his head.  “They’re dead.”
The Black Widow began laughing hysterically and started his singing again.  “America! America! God shed his grace…”
He stopped when Alex Vaughn took two steps over and planted his foot across the man’s mouth.  His lips cracked like a piñata and a tooth rattled across the floor.  Both BPD officers took a step forward, remembered their fallen friend not more than a foot away, and turned their backs.  Sydney stepped away to let Alex Vaughn get to work on the man.
She wasn’t sure how far she was willing to let it go, but the fire in Vaughn’s eyes told her to stay quiet for now.  He rolled the The Black Widow over; looking dazed and ruined, grabbed his shirt and slapped him across the face.  The blow seemed to bring the man back from the brink of unconsciousness and his eyes rattled around in his skull before settling on Alex Vaughn’s.
“You piece of shit.  I’m tired of you singing that song.  You want to sing that song you better bring back all those dead people at the mall.”  He landed another violent left cross-punch into the man’s face and his head bounced off the concrete floor behind him with a resounding crack.
Sydney stepped forward, thinking to stop Alex Vaughn before he did something he couldn’t explain away under an inquiry.
“You better hope my wife lives.  Because if she doesn’t I don’t care what hole they put you in.  I’ll crawl in there and end you if I have to pull the whole place on top of me.” His eyes flashed and he drew his fist back to strike the Black Widow again.
The Black Widow shook his head and glared at Alex Vaughn.  “I don’t know who this is.  This wife of yours.  To me, she is a statistic.  Her death brings more recognition to Chechnya.  To your government’s habit of meddling in the affairs of others.  Their promise to a people, a promise reneged.”
“Her name is Charlotte Vaughn, you son of a bitch.”  Alex Vaughn struck him again, this time exploding the man’s nose into a cloud of blood and mucus.  He spit on the Black Widow’s destroyed face and threw him back to the ground.  He stood up and started walking away.
“Charlotte Vaughn.”  The Black Widow rolled to his side, blood dripping from his face and onto the floor. “Vaughn.  I know this name.  Alex Vaughn.”
Sydney held her breath as Alex stopped walking and stood still, neither continuing on nor turning around.
“He was right.  You are a warrior, too.  A soldier.” The Black Widow spit a string of red fluid from his mouth.  “It was an order, your house.  That wasn’t personal.”
Alex Vaughn turned around and strode to within a few steps of the man.  He squatted down much as Sydney had earlier. “Who?  Who gave the order?”  Vaughn searched the man’s face.  “Was it Rafael Rontego?  Did he want me dead?”
The Russian looked up from his growing pool of blood.  The men locked eyes for a second.  “The hitman?  The Italian?  Now that was business, too.  He was to have the same fate as you.  Different orders though, from different people.”  He laughed again as if he were letting Alex Vaughn in on some joke. “Can you think of no one who would know the people that want the Italian dead as well as hate you so much as to make it personal?”
To Sydney’s surprise the words seemed to have an immediate effect on Alex.  He stumbled backwards and fell on his ass like someone had just dropkicked him in the chest.
“Yes.”  The Black Widow said, his broken teeth gleaming with blood.  “Yes.  Now you know.  He was a means to my end.  Money from them got me my bomb.  Money that came to me through him and at a cost.”
“Me.”  Alex Vaughn nearly choked on the word.
“Americans.”  The Russian closed his eyes and leaned back as if stretching his back.  “You always think everything is about you.”  He chuckled again.  “Well, it is this time.  But you ask all the wrong questions, like how did I get out of my shackles?  This is the word, shackles, no?”
Alex Vaughn crawled around on the floor like he was missing a contact and Sydney took a step forward to look as well.  She wasn’t quite sure she knew what she was looking for yet, but she had the feeling it wasn’t a bucket full of good news and rainbows.  Vaughn frantically scuffed left and right on his knees for another few desperate seconds then startled her as he whipped his Berretta out and leveled it at the Russian.
Sydney pulled her own gun, startled at Alex Vaughn’s motion.  She held her gun between the two men, not sure who deserved the barrel.  Part of her thought Alex Vaughn might execute the Russian right there.
“Alex, don’t do anything stupid.” She kept the gun even between the two men now staring at each other.
Alex Vaughn ignored her and spoke directly to the Black Widow.  “Where is it?”
“Where is what?”  The Russian said.  His mouth twitched as if he wanted to grin.
Alex Vaughn kept his Beretta winking at the Russian and said turned to Sydney.  “Go get Briggs.  Right now.  Call him back here.”
“We have it under control, Alex.  Put down your gun.”  Sydney inched her gun towards the increasingly desperate ex-cop.
He’s had a high stress day.  What the fuck was I thinking bringing him here?  Here to the man who might have killed his wife.
Alex Vaughn ignored her.  “Where the fuck is it?” he asked.  His eyes narrowed on his captive.  He cocked his gun.  The click echoed across the chamber, pulling the full attention of the BPD, both of whom, up until now, were just as content to see the cop killer take a beating.
She nodded them over and both men began to flank Alex Vaughn.
The Black Widow looked left and right and grinned a ragged smile yet again.  “I’m sorry.  My English isn’t so good.”
“Alex, your gun.”  Sydney took another step forward.  One of the BPD scuffed his show behind Alex Vaughn and he spun around.  Both cops flinched and pulled their weapons up higher.
Alex Vaughn’s eyes darted back and forth and sweat creased his brow.  “Sydney, get Briggs back here.”  He said it slow and forced; harnessing every bit of calm left to him in an effort to not shout the words.
“Okay Alex.  We will, just put the gun down.” Sydney put her hand out like she was calming a horse and slowly lowered her own weapon.  To her relief Alex Vaughn lowered his and put it back on his side.  The second it was put away he raised his hands in surrender.
“Think about it Sydney.  How did he get out of the cuffs?”  Alex Vaughn’s eyes pleaded with her.  “A fucking key.”
Her jaw fell open and she put her finger to her ear to call it in when she heard Timms’ voice break over the comm.  “Oh Jesus, Sydney.  Conrad’s dead.  They’re all dead.”
Her heart leapt onto the floor.  “Who’s dead?”
His voice cracked. “Agent Conrad and the two cops we sent back to the staging area.”
“You two watch him,” she said pointing at the Black Widow.  She grabbed Alex by the arm and pulled him towards the factory front door.  “Briggs!” she shouted so loud she heard the echo in her earpiece.  “Briggs!” She yelled again as she burst through the door and into the night.  She could see him across the field, Dr. Tolbert walking next to him.  “Briggs!”
Chapter 26

Ivan saw the cop car flashing its blue and red lights, bouncing along the uneven turf in a cloud of grey dust. The vehicle cut him off from Rafael Rontego and he knew that it was time to switch into another gear.  He kicked his legs out further and pumped his arms faster.  He felt his ankle almost turn in a hidden hole but flailed his arms and kept his balance.  He ran until his lungs felt like they might burst out of his mouth and glancing back over his shoulder he hoped to catch a glimpse of Kira or Rafael or both.
All he saw was darkness.  Even the lights disappeared beyond a bend of the earth.
He coughed and came to a halt.  He knew there wasn’t much time for rest, but a few seconds now might buy him a few minutes more at a full on sprint.  He leaned over, catching his breath, but remembered hearing somewhere you should keep your hands above your head so he did that instead.
He scanned the horizon, trying to get his bearings.  If Rafael Rontego was pinched he needed to warn Kira not to go to the meeting place.
That cop came out of fucking nowhere.
Everything was cast a pale grey haze and he knew that dawn wasn’t far off.  He smiled.  Eleven years, three months and seventeen…eighteen days had passed since he last saw a sunrise with her.  His eyes felt wet and he blinked away the tears, keeping an eye on the long silhouette of the chain link fence that bordered the abandoned property.  Beyond that fence was freedom and beyond that his daughter.  He knew he had to track her down before they could break the assassin.
“I couldn’t do it,” he mumbled.  He started walking towards the shadows and he smiled despite himself.  He couldn’t do it.  He couldn’t kill his oldest friend.  Perhaps there was some humanity left in him after all.  “Oh well, let those fuckers try and take us out when we’re together.”  He kicked a stone and watched it roll away.  The fence was only fifty yards away or so.  He would be up and over the chain link in a matter of minutes.
Then I’ll grab Kira and lay low for a while.
His mind wandered for a moment as he recalled holding her in his arms the night before he went away, his little brunette baby.  She looks just like her mother, thank God.  He wouldn’t wish his mug on a pit-bull.  She was so small, back then.  Her squeaky voice sounded like a duckling and her saucer eyes; her eyes remained exactly as he remembered.  Except now her face had somehow grown into them. A beautiful woman.
And capable.  She freed us from the mousetrap.
The fence was only fifteen yards away now.  He’d reach the fence, jump over it, and wouldn’t stop running until he got to the rendezvous.  His lips curled upward as he reflected on Kira with pride.  As he thought about her he reached into his pocket absently and felt the familiar rectangle of gloss there.  He felt the texture between his thumb and forefinger just as a gentle gust of wind whipped across his face.
He heard a gentle rustle on the heels of the wind just as he reached the fence line and with his free hand he reached out to lift himself up and over but paused when the rustling continued and the wind paused to take a breath.
“Ivan?  Ivan Nivsky?”  A thick voice whispered behind him.  He knew the accent, olive oil tone and reeking of marinara, Italian.  He smiled again.
“I see the cavalry has arrived,” He turned but kept his hand in his pocket just in case.  He didn’t have a gun but perhaps whoever this new arrival was wouldn’t know that little piece of information. “Chris send you?”
“The Pope?”  The Italian was slender.  He was bronzed by years off the Sicilian coast. “Si.  The Pope sends his regards.”  Ivan took in the site of the man’s perfect smile.  Blazing white surrounded by the dusk, his smile threatened to swallow his ears.  A small warning itched along Ivan’s spine, but it was too late.
There was a crack and a puff of smoke, he stumbled but there wasn’t any pain.
“The Pope, he sends his regards.”  Another crack.  This time there was pain. A lot of it.  His left lung felt like someone was inside his chest squeezing with an iron grip.  He glanced at his abdomen as his knees hit the ground and saw twin trails of torn flesh issuing rivers of blood through his clothing. He pulled his hand out of his pocket, still clutching the picture of Kira and fell to his side. He tried to breathe but blood backed up into his throat, filling his mouth with the taste of iron.  Blood also trailed along his arm though he couldn’t remember if he had clutched at his wound or not, but his hands were red and the slow crawl of the rivulet’s of blood along his fingers seeped their way along the picture of his daughter.  He tried to wipe the blood off of the picture, but he only managed to smear it.
“Where is he, your friend?” The Italian lazily pointed his gun at Ivan again.  He looked over his back shoulder as if expecting someone to show up at any minute.
Ivan grunted and, still clutching the picture, pressed his palm to the ground.  He couldn’t breathe for shit but with dirt and blood caking his hand he pressed with what strength he had and stood up.  He faced the Italian who flashed him a quizzical look with those beady black eyes of his and cautiously took a step backwards.
“Fuck you,” Ivan spat.  Blood flowed freely into his mouth with the effort and he knew that there was little time left to him.  He took a wobbly step forward, then another and his momentum carried him straight up to the Italian who didn’t shuffle out of the way fast enough.  Ivan clutched the barrel of the gun in a desperate hope to pull it from the man and shove it up his ass, but all he got instead was another crack and a puff of smoke.  This time he was so close that he could smell his flesh burning from the powder discharge and then suddenly he was on his back and the world was spinning in circles above him.
“Ivan,” he heard her.  “Ivan, come home.”
He felt a boot press on his wrist and the Italian yanked the picture out of his hand.  His small black eyes narrowed and he looked down on Ivan, but Ivan had no strength to reach up and strangle the man.
Again he heard her voice, his darling wife. “Ivan.  Ivan come home.”
Not yet.
He wanted to shout it.  But he gurgled and coughed more blood instead.
Eleven years, three months seventeen days on the inside.
His eyes drifted to the side.
He felt the man place the picture back in his hand and close his fingers around it.  “Antonio Benedici,” the man said.  “Un soldato del destino.”
He stood over Ivan and pointed the gun at his temple.
One day.  One on the outside. 
He tried to breathe again, knowing he couldn’t.  Old habits die hard. His chest constricted and seized on the blood filling his lungs.
I’m coming my love.
Crack.
Chapter 27

Buzz.  Buzz.  Buzz.
The Pope tilted his head to the side and watched his cell dance across the nightstand like a Mexican jumping bean.  He reached out to grab it and felt the burning pinch of the IV sticking out of the top of his hand.  His arm felt like someone had attached a ten-pound weight to it, but he grabbed the phone anyway.
Blocked number.
His eyes felt dry and sticky and his nose felt raw every time he took a breath inward.  With his free hand he touched the tip of his nose and felt the breathing apparatus attached to it.  The small tubes ran outward into some sort of metal tank.  He scanned the room as he answered the phone.  The first time he said hello, his voice caught on his throat, but the second time he managed to rasp out the syllables.
“Tell me.”
A hushed voice crackled through on the other line. “The Soviet fell.  The Italian lost gallons of blood but the polizia picked him up.  I’m trying to escape, but it doesn’t look good.”
The Pope closed his eyes and felt the air roll through his lungs like razor blades. “Get out of there.  Wipe any weapons and ditch em.  If they pick you up, keep your mouth shut and remember, it’s not what you know.  It’s what you can prove.”
He heard the wind crackle through the reception during a long pause.  “Sì.”
Click.
He pressed the “End” button and dropped the phone on his chest, too tired to worry about placing it back on the nightstand.
Besides what if someone else calls?
He heard someone singing a song down the hall.
“La donna è mobile
Qual piuma al vento”
He smiled and his eyes rolled over the tiny room that sported seven shades of light blue and white, creating the illusion of a hospital with impeccable sterilization.  It reminded him of any city street in America or any old house with a rotten foundation and slick coat of new paint.
Bullshit any way you choose to cook it and eat it.
Still the singing continued.
“Muta d'accento — e di pensiero.
Sempre un amabile”
The source for the unhealthy racket rounded the corner carrying a small tray with a metal covering.  The Don stopped his singing when he entered the room but continued humming the soft tune of the “La donna e mobile” as he pulled a small chair over to the side of the bed.
With a flourish he pulled the lid of the tray away, revealing the world’s smallest cup of Jell-O, a glass of water, and a worn sterling silver spoon that reflected Don Ciancetta’s grin in elongated fashion.
The Pope smiled despite himself and he struggled into a sitting up position and pulled the breathing tube out of his nose with a snort.  “Gotta wonder how good that thing really works.”
He realized the skin on his chest hurt but he refused to look down at it with his friend sitting across from him with a rare expression of concern.
“I thought you might want something to eat.  Doctors said your throat would be sore.”  He placed the tray on The Pope’s lap and leaned back in the chair, letting a long exhalation blow through his lips. “You dramatic fuck you.  You could have just taken a nap.  Doctors say that cuz of your,” he looked at the ceiling, “your weakened state, that your body just sort of gave up for a second.”
The Pope poked the Jell-O with the spoon.  “Ah. Well, I’m not so tired as to eat this old-man cup of Jell-O.”  He looked at his friend again.  “I could go for a fucking steak.”
He tried to stand up and pulled the IV from his hand.  The Don watched him like he was the leading member of a circus freak show.  “What the hell are you doing?”
His wobbling legs managed to hold him up and he blushed realizing that the back of his gown let half his ass hang out the back.  He saw his clothes resting on a chair in the corner and his body seemed to sense the urgency of the moment, not fighting with him as he rushed over the few feet left and began to pull up his underwear and sat down on the chair to pull up his pants.
Don Ciancetta came over and put a large maw on his shoulder when he tried to stand up to complete the covering of his stark white ass, forcing him back to the chair.
“The doctors say you need rest, Chris.”  His green eyes flinched when The Pope tried to stand again, but his hand felt like iron.
His cheeks grew warm but his body was too drained to fight back.  He went with the only option left to him.  “I am going to have the rest of eternity to sleep.  Don’t make me stop going just because some doctor says so.”  The heavy brow of the Don let him know he was chiseling away at the man’s will to confine his pal to a hospital room.  “A bed, a prison, might as well be dead.  You need me.  We have to see this thing through.”
The Don’s hand dropped off of his shoulder.
“I’ll take it easy.  I’ll even let you drive.  We have work to do.”  He stood up and finished dressing.  He steadied himself against the edge of the seat. “The cops picked up Rafael Rontego and I need to use every resource at my disposal to make sure that man never makes it to a jail cell…alive.”

*

The two gunshots shredded the night air and Kira flinched, shaking some of the water off of her body as she did so.  The smell of stale water assaulted her nostrils and she felt a small gag reflex threaten in the pit of her throat.
Keep going. Don’t look back.
She stumbled through the grey world around her, shifting underneath shadows cast by dark and ominous clouds above.  She ran to where the road that ran along the abandoned lot awaited.  Beyond that road was a small neighborhood, and beyond that lay the Root 5 Bar.  After that, a life on the run, but a life nonetheless.
If they make it.
She considered it a real possibility that the assassin would never make it.  He was bleeding all over himself.  And Ivan, well, somebody had to make it out of the two of those men.  He survived prison and Rafael Rontego survived just about everything else. But then there was a cop car chasing them down.  She shook her head.  They were both better than her.  They had to make it.
Crack.
Another gunshot cut through the night. She didn’t know why but she stopped in her tracks and looked into the distance behind her.  She scanned the horizon where the dark earth met the grey sky and blinked. Something felt different about that one. Neither of the other two men would have stuck around long enough to keep on shooting.  They were in full flight.  A sense of dread descended on her like a falling piano, but she turned and willed her feet to continue onward.  She ran and stumbled and fell to the dirt.  She picked herself up and ran some more.  She hopped a fence and ran along a road for longer than she could seem to remember.  She ran until she fell again and scraped her palms along the rough pavement.  She got up.  She continued.  Her lungs felt like they would burst at any moment when she came into view of the Root 5 Bar. She had once snuck in with Bobby, underage of course, and managed to drink the night away.  She remembered it looking more inviting in the evening with the soft yellow walls that invited patrons inside.  Wood ran along the bar and nice wooden seating lined the floor, making it feel like a cozy cabin.  She remembered looking out over Lake Erie and with a clear evening seeing the shoreline of Canada in the distance underneath a setting sun that exploded in shades of pink and orange sliced with wisps of purple and a slow leak of gold across a perfect blue sky.
For the second time in under an hour she did something then that she didn’t understand.  She ran to the pay phone and hit 0.  An automated operator came on informing her of the collect call she was about to make.  Her eyes filled with tears and she looked down at her bleeding palms, waiting for the prompt to dial.  When she finally hit the buttons she did it so fast she messed up and had to hang up and start over.  Her reflection loomed out at her from the sterling silver plate above the change dispenser.  Her bruised face seemed to contort and lunge out at her from the metal.
She didn’t realize that she had dialed and she certainly didn’t realize that the phone rang or that it had been accepted.
“Hello?” said a male voice heavy with the breath of sleep.
“Bobby.  It’s Kira.”  Her voice sounded like an eternity away and she felt weak.  Her hands shook and she shoved one into her pocket trying to calm it.
“I know.  You said your name on the collect call.  Are you okay? You sound funny.”
“I…” she didn’t know what to say.  “I need you.  I need you to come pick me up.  I’m at Root 5. I was in an accident.”  The lie echoed into the phone as if waiting for Bobby grab onto it.
“Okay.  You know I don’t have a car.  I can ask my mom to get you.”  Bobby yawned.  He sounded irritated.
“It can’t be your mom.  It has to be you.”  She thought of the best way forward.
To lie or to tell the truth?
She decided on a compromise.  “I was doing something illegal and I can’t have your parents find out.”
She heard the covers ruffle on his bed and heard what sounded like a belt clanging. When Bobby spoke next he whispered into the phone, “What did you do?”  He sounded more awake as well.
“I can’t tell you on the phone but when you get me, I’ll fill you in.”  She didn’t know if she would tell him anything more, but the important thing was getting him to steal his mom’s car and to get his ass to Root 5 Bar.
“Okay.  I have the keys and I’m outside.”  She heard a car door open on the other end of the line.  “I bet your ass was drinking.  Like we did that one time. A blow job if I’m right.”  The car started.  “I’ll be there in ten.”
Kira leaned against the phone booth.  “Thank you.”
“Whatever.”
Click.
Kira let go of the phone and let it dangle in the air next to her hip. She pulled her hands out of her pocket and looked at them, watching them tremble like erratic dog tails.  The cuts along her face stung as her tears meandered along her cheekbones and she slid against the side of the phone booth until she rested on the floor with her knees pulled up to her chest.  The reality seeped into her consciousness at that moment.
They’re not coming.
*
Briggs finally turned around as Sydney and Alex Vaughn raced across the field, guns in hand.  He whirled, revealing his own side arm, and yanked Dr. Tolbert into his chest as if conducting an advanced dance twirl.  He caught her mid turn and she gasped as the barrel of his gun pressed against her temple.
Sydney almost fell over stopping her momentum and held a hand to her side, biding Alex Vaughn to do the same.  He obliged but moved further to her left, keeping distance between the two of them and circled around to create multiple angles for the turncoat to watch.
She couldn’t help it when her eyes started watering.  The pain in her gut reached through her stomach and slapped her across the face.  “Why Briggs?  Why did you do it?”
His eyes twitched to his right to follow Alex Vaughn but they shot back over to Sydney almost immediately.  “I didn’t kill them.  I wouldn’t Sydney!”  He pointed his gun at Alex and shouted, “Stop moving!  You think I’m an idiot?”
“Remains to be seen,” Alex Vaughn said in a low rumble.  His eyes caught the gleam of the gun and they flashed with what Sydney had come to recognize as a telltale sign of impending danger.
Moreland’s voice cut through her earpiece.  “Sydney, I don’t know what the fuck is going on, but you say the word and I’ll take him out.  I’ve got his forehead lined up.”
She must have given away that she was listening to someone on the other line because Briggs shifted his weight and covered most of his face with the back of Dr. Tolbert’s head.  “Tell Moreland I want him to come out of the fucking shadows or I’m gonna send a bit of Dr. Tolbert across your shoes.”
Sydney’s heart raced but she hit the microphone, “Moreland, come over here and join our chat please.”
“You sure, Syd?” His voice dripped with incredulousness. 
“Just get over here.”  She kept her gun pointed at Briggs who held her eyes for an extra moment before flicking his gaze back at Alex Vaughn.
“I didn’t kill them,” he said again.
“We know you didn’t, but you gave that Russian asshole a key to his cuffs,” Alex Vaughn snapped.
Briggs took his gun away from Dr. Tolbert’s temple for a moment and pointed it at Alex Vaughn.  “Shut up! Shut up! I’m not talking to you.”  He snapped the gun back on Dr. Tolbert who tried to squirm away.  She stopped as soon as she felt the steel against her head once again.
“Getting more stupid every second,” Alex Vaughn said, taking another step to the side.
“Why Briggs?  Money?  Was it money?”  Sydney didn’t have to hide the hurt in her voice.
“Because he told me to.  I didn’t know he was going to kill Conrad.  Jesus Sydney, I didn’t know!”  His eyes were bloodshot now and beads of sweat lined up on the crease of his forehead.
“Cut the shit Briggs!  What was your price?”  Sydney brought the gun up again, steeling her eyes.  She blinked the tears of pain away and replaced them with tears of rage.
Briggs knew the look, she was certain.  It dubbed him the enemy. He slouched and his arm fell down a small way from Dr. Tolbert. “My price?  Sydney?  My price?”  A small sad chuckle left his lips.  “My price was you.  Agent Sydney Price.  He had pictures of you sleeping.  He had pictures of you visiting your old man in the hospital.  He knew our safe house location.  He knew, Sydney.”
Sydney sucked in extra air.  The whole world seemed devoid of oxygen.  “Who knew Briggs? Who goddamnit!”
Her eyes floated past Briggs to the line of flashing lights descending on the abandoned factory.  At least a dozen black SUVs and a dozen more black and whites, courtesy of the BPD, escorted them in a long line of government power.  The horizon seemed to be one long line of blue and red and white flashing orbs.
Briggs followed her gaze and his whole body went limp. Dr. Tolbert sensed his weakened posture and yanked free of his grasp, running towards Alex Vaughn. At the same moment Moreland came cautiously out of the shadows behind him.  His footsteps rustled the grass and Briggs turned, pointing his gun alternately at Moreland, the fleeing Dr. Tolbert and Alex Vaughn.
“Put the gun down!” Alex Vaughn yelled. Almost simultaneously as Moreland yelled, “On the ground, Briggs!”
Sydney lowered her own weapon and held out an empty hand as if trying to soothe a scared horse.  “Easy Briggs.  Put the gun down.
He focused his eyes on Sydney and his gun hand fell to his side.  “It was always you Syd.  Always.”   Then with one motion he flung the gun under his chin.
“No!” All three of them seemed to shout in unison.
Crack.
His head snapped back and a few pieces of the back of his skull rained over Agent Moreland.  The body of Briggs collapsed in a heap on the dusty and almost forgotten grounds of Bethlehem Steel.
The three remaining agents and Alex Vaughn stayed in frozen poses for a second that seemed like an eternity.  Moreland’s face and clothing were streaked in blood and brain matter and Dr. Tolbert openly wept.
Sydney couldn’t move.  She couldn’t cry.  She couldn’t blink.  She heard Alex Vaughn’s voice echo from somewhere amongst the shadows. “Idiot.”
The line of emergency vehicles closed in like a funeral procession.  They drew the net tighter around the grounds, all but several holding positions along the perimeter.  She knew that one of the three black SUV’s approaching would contain Todd Simmons and a whirlwind of repercussions for how the night played out.  She glanced at the crumpled form of Briggs a few feet from her and almost laughed for all the pain in her heart.
She felt a hand on her shoulder and turned to look into the soft eyes of Alex Vaughn.  It rang strange to her that a man whose eyes, just moments before, were so hard and angry, were now so docile.  “It’ll get easier every day.  I promise.”
She nodded.  Her eyes flickered from Briggs to the low flying helicopter now flooding the area with a searchlight.
“I know this is a lot, but Sydney?  Sydney, are you listening?”  Alex Vaughn snapped his fingers in front of her face.
“Yes.”  She shook her head. “I’m listening.”
“I need you to call out an APB.”  He placed his other hand on her shoulder and forced her to look directly at him.
“For who?  We don’t know who killed the cops, Conrad, Randal Boone.  We don’t know!”  She tried to look away, but Alex Vaughn held her shoulders fast and maneuvered his face so she had to look at his scarred face.
“Sydney.  Randal Boone was never reported dead.  I know why.  Rather,” he looked at the ground, “I know who he really is and it’s my fault I missed it.”
Sydney felt her body tense.
“I need you to put out an APB for Randal Boone also known as Elliot Nash.”
Chapter 28

Don Ciancetta sat in the back of the car with The Pope.  It turned out that he didn’t have to drive his old friend around because his son Joey Ciancetta was waiting in the lobby.  He was a larger, more muscular clone of his father, straight down to the green eyes and dark hair.  But he reached a height of almost six feet, which made his old man look small by comparison. 
This Escalade is nice though.
The Pope admired the spacious vehicle and the black leather seats.  They smelled of Armor All and pine.  The carpeting on the floor was springy and clean almost as if brand new.  The ride was almost worth the embarrassment of having to be wheeled out by Joey after he almost toppled over on his way out of the hospital.
When he tried to walk down the small flight of stairs his legs nearly buckled and he swooned.  It seemed to him that the stairwell elongated as he hovered with his foot in the air about to step downward and onto the step below.
The Don supported him down the stairs to where Joey awaited.  The younger Ciancetta grabbed a wheelchair and the two of them forced him to suffer the humiliation of being wheeled out like a cripple.
He sighed, reflecting back on the ordeal.  As if that wasn’t bad enough, he nearly flipped out when that doctor bumped into him as they exited the automatic doors.  For a brief second he thought he saw a spider tattoo on the man’s forearm.  He made Joey swing him around to look but when he did the man was gone.
A trick of a weary mind. 
His phone rang, bringing him back to the present.  The caller was listed as unknown on the I.D.  Most people left those for the voicemail, but those were the kind of calls The Pope always took.
“Yeah?” he answered.
The Don cast him a wary look.
“It’s me.  Paying back that favor. Two things for you.  A man named Antonio Benedici was picked up inside the perimeter not far from a dead Russian connected to you named Ivan Nivski.  So far they have nothing on him and he ain’t talking.”  The voice was hushed but The Pope recognized him.  He recognized all his plants at the BPD.
“And the second part?” The Pope prodded.
“The second part is a two-parter. First, everyone over here is going ape-shit because some guy, who you might know, wasn’t picked up.  The other is a turncoat cop become cop-killer was made at the scene; a guy I know you know named Elliot Nash.”
The Pope worked hard to remain calm but he could feel his heart blasting in his temples.
“So we good?” the voice asked.
“We’re good when I say we’re good.”  He hung up the phone.
The Don tossed him another concerned glance.  “Out with it Chris.”
He knew the look all to well and decided this was something they both needed to know.  “A guy I sent to clean up Rafael and Ivan got picked up at the site.”
“Jesus Christ!”  He looked up at the ceiling of the vehicle.  “Are you fucking serious?  What about those two?”
The Pope took a deep breath.  “Ivan’s no longer with us but Raf disappeared.”
“You mean to tell me that the L’Angelo Della Morte is out there somewhere and now he’s pissed off at me?”  His voice was rising and The Pope leaned a bit away from him in the backseat.
“We don’t know that he’s pissed off at you.  I sent Ivan to clean Raf, and Antonio to clean them both.  Only Ivan, for whatever reason, didn’t do it on time.  There is a chance Raf doesn’t know anything.”  He said it as convincingly as he could.  He had to hope that there was truth in his words.
“A chance? We go about business as usual on a chance?”  He looked away from the consigliore and out the window. “Fuck.”
“There’s more.”  He looked at his hands, feeling even wearier than in the hospital.
“More?” Don Ciancetta scoffed.
“Yeah.  Remember that dirty cop that we chased around for a couple months?”
“Yeah what was his name, Eli?”
“Elliott.  Yeah.”  He swallowed.  “Well apparently he was at the site tonight too and I can’t for the life of me figure out why. He tried to bankroll Rafael’s switch of allegiance, we know that much.  But that was for Falzone’s crew and they’re all dead.”
The Don pursed his lips together and folded his hands making a steeple with his index fingers.  “It doesn’t make sense.”
They sat there, both so deep within their thoughts that they never saw it coming.  Like a heat seeking missile a grey Cadillac launched into them from the side.  There was a moment of freefall where The Pope felt himself lurch to the side simultaneously with the sound of exploding metal.  He tumbled across the Don’s lap and somehow he registered that the man’s head had cracked into the side window and bounced off.  The car spun in a circle and Joey Ciancetta rolled the wheel left and right trying to regain control of the spiraling automobile.  The sound of shrieking tires seemed to continue their yell inside The Pope’s head even when the car sat in the middle of the vacant intersection.  Smoke from the burned rubber of the wheels hung like a fog over the car and he could barley see into it through the one, still-working headlight that flickered with the remnants of its life.
Don Ciancetta groaned and The Pope checked himself, realizing he was miraculously unscathed. He looked over at his friend and noticed, first the blood along the side window.
That should have broke.
“You okay?  Dad? You okay?”  Joey Ciancetta looked back and grabbed his father’s leg.
“Yeah.”  He tried to sit up but he looked woozy from the impact. “I think so.  What the fuck happened?”
As if in answer, something thudded against the side of the door.
Rat-a-tat-tat-tat-tat.
Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud. Thud.
Something bounced off the window.
“Get the fuck down!”  Don Ciancetta folded up underneath the ledge of the window.  “Joey! Drive the damn car!”
Joey didn’t need to be told again.  None of them were strangers to gunfire.  He tried to roll the engine over but it just hissed in protest.
“I can’t get it started!” Joey pulled open the glove compartment and yanked a small pistol out.  He put a hand on the door as if to push out, just as the source of the gunfire came walking towards the car.  Two gunmen in black masks and black jumpsuits carried automatic rifles and fired as they walked, one from the left and one from the right.  They were peppering the car with bullets, oblivious to the lack of effectiveness.
“Stay the fuck down!” Don Ciancetta yelled at his son.  “It’s bullet proof glass and siding.  Let these cocksuckers run out of ammo first!”
Joey listened to his Dad and pulled his hand from the door as a fresh spray of metal bounced off the side of the car.  He tried to start the car again without success. Both men continued shooting and advancing.  The one on the driver side ran out of ammo first.  He dropped his clip to the gravel on the road and reached into his waistband for a second clip.
But the younger Ciancetta wasn’t waiting.  Staying low and keeping the car between himself and the gunman firing away into the passenger side, he kicked his door open and fired two shots at the asshole on the left.  Both shots struck the man in the chest.  He fell to the ground instantly and his gun clattered across the roadway behind him.  His legs twitched and he screamed out in pain.  The assailant on the right stopped walking, startled by the return gunfire and his companion’s screams.  He took a step backward, firing erratically as he did so.  His own gun clicked to empty after a few scattered shots and he threw it to the ground and turned to run.
Joey Ciancetta popped off another couple of shots, one of them clipping the fleeing man in the spine as he ran.  He grunted and stumbled forward to the ground as if someone had launched a drop kick into the small of his back.  The first gunman to go down suddenly went very silent except for a low gurgle The Pope could make out from almost a dozen feet away.  Joey glanced back at the man and then walked forward towards the second gunman to finish him off.  The Pope watched him walk over very methodically towards the man who was now trying to propel himself forward in a slow crawl away from the scene.  He stooped over the man, flipped him over onto his back then stood up. His face creased and he looked back at their car as if seeking an answer to a question he never asked.  Then he looked back down at the man, said something The Pope couldn’t hear and pulled the trigger.  The muzzle flashed once and the man’s head snapped back to the pavement as if it had been glued there.
Joey Ciancetta walked back over and began stuffing a rag down the gas tank of their car.
“Can you walk?” The Pope asked Don Ciancetta.
“Yeah, I just need a little help.”
The two of them put their arms around each other and stumbled away from the scene.  The Pope looked back just in time to see Joey lighting the rag on fire with a zippo lighter and running to catch up to them.
“That car clean?”  The Pope asked.
“Like all the rest.  They’ll know its ours, but good luck proving it.”  The two men limped away, to where, The Pope didn’t know or care as long as they got the fuck away from that disaster.
The Don’s son caught up to them, panting as he did so.
“You still have the gun?” The Pope asked, his mind going into legal overdrive.
“Yeah.”  Joey Ciancetta held it up for him.  “Only got one bullet left in it though.”
“It’s clean too?”  The Pope asked, breathing heavily.  He couldn’t tell which of the two of them was supporting the other.
“Yeah.  Of course.”
“Wipe the prints and toss it down the gutter.  They can match the bullets with the gun.”
Joey did as he was told and then said, “We need to get off the street.  Ricky Vincenzio lives near here.  We can go to his place.”
“Good thinking.”  The Don seemed as if in a daze and The Pope wondered whether he had just witnessed his second concussion of the night. 
“What the fuck just happened?” he asked to himself.  He felt a cough coming on but stifled it.
“I know what happened,” Joey announced as he walked ahead of them and towards an alley that ran alongside a duplex. He pulled open a wrought iron gate that lead to a small patio enclosed by cinderblocks painted an ugly beige color.  A dying plant hung in front of a metal door. “That prick I just put a bullet into was Philip Mirra.”
Don Ciancetta disengaged from his arm and leaned back against the wall as Joey knocked on the door.  The Pope nearly swooned and turned away from both of them and gripped the iron bars.
It all makes fucking sense.
His mind whirled like a hummingbird as the pieces started falling together.  The payment Rafael Rontego was supposed to receive from that middleman Elliott.  They assumed it was from Falzone in his attempt to turn the hitman before the war.  But the assassin had killed that cop without asking all the necessary questions.
The Russians.  What was it Pavel had said?
“Angelo Della Morte,” he whispered.
It was Carmine Galante that had coined the term.  The same term used by the Russians in Pavel’s presence.
“You’ve got to fucking be kidding me,” Don Ciancetta said.
Joey Ciancetta turned and looked at his father, his face set and stern. “I wish I was.”
“The Bonanno Family,” The Pope said.  It was all he had to say.  They each knew what it meant to have the most powerful crime family in America deciding it was better off without the Ciancetta family.
It was a death sentence.
Ricky Vincenzio opened the door with a smile.

*

Kira looked out the window as row after row of cornfields floated by in waves of gold and green.  She had dozed off for almost a half hour and the time was enough to make the rest of the day seem like a dream.
Or a nightmare.
Bobby asked few questions after a single look from Kira when he picked her up.  He took her to her place where she grabbed what she could in a hurry.  A duffle bag full of clothes, a large purse stuffed with cash, a gun, anything she thought might identify her, and the only picture she owned of her father and mother.
Uncle Dick, prick that he ended up being, had taught her well.
Keep a home but keep it in a bag ready to go.
Thirty minutes outside of the city and you entered straight-up country town.  She passed a make-shift ball park on her right as she blinked open a swollen eye that kept shutting on its own accord.
“Turn left.”  She knew the area well.  The house she purchased there was supposed to be a rental property and it was the first thing she had ever bought with her “working” money.
Bobby turned as directed and she saw yet another cornfield.  This one was small though and it ran into a long wooden house with a tricycle turned upside down in the drive.  She sat up and cast a quick glance at Bobby who must have been looking at her because he looked away in a hurry.
“It’s just a few more houses up on the left.”  She looked at the worry that lined Bobby’s usually smile riddled face.  A piece of her felt bad for dragging him into this but she really couldn’t think of another option.  “Trust me.  The less you know the better.”
He glanced at her again and the worry didn’t ease a bit from the furrowed brow turning down along the corner of his eye. “Whatever you say, Kira.”
“Pull over here,” she waved towards the side of the road.
“The one with the ivy?”
“No.  The one just past, “she pointed.  “The one with the detached garage.”
He pulled his mom’s car over but kept the engine running. “You sure I can’t come in?  Check the place out?”
“I’m sure, Bobby.”  She grabbed the duffle and her purse and climbed out of the vehicle.  The gravel of the drive met her feet.  Directly across from the house was a guardrail that bordered a small wooded area that dropped into a steep cliff that rolled into a tiny creek surrounded by walls of slate rock. She took a breath and realized the air felt foreign to her.  She walked over to the driver side door where Bobby had rolled the window down. “You need to get back to school and forget you ever saw me.”
“People are going to ask about you.  Gina’s going to ask about you.”
Damn his puppy-dog eyes.
She felt the gun on her hip when she adjusted her posture.  For a brief moment she wondered if she should take Bobby out just to close any loose ends.  She shook her head and the thought fell away.
“So let ‘em ask.”  She brushed her hair out of her eyes and felt a lump along her cheek.  Thankful there wasn’t a mirror facing her, she continued.  “If anyone asks, you don’t know shit.  In fact, we aren’t friends.  I’m a bitch, a slut, whatever.  Tell Gina I tried to sleep with you.  That ought to piss her off.”
Bobby laughed and she finally saw a bit of his grin creep back.  “Gina?  She knows we’re just friends.”
Bullshit.
“Whatever.”  She looked down at the gravel.  Something seemed to have strapped around her feet and her heart decided to backflip across her stomach for some reason.  When she looked up she saw a widening grin on Bobby’s face.
“I don’t know if it’s all the bruising or if you’re blushing.”
“Fuck you Bobby.”  She almost smiled but when she started the pain was too much.  “Get the fuck out of her.”
He laughed out loud.  “Out of her?  Or out of here?”
Her cheeks lit on fire.  Turning around she extended a middle finger and started to walk up the broken sidewalk that led to the back of the house where she knew her door key would work.
Bobby called out to her.  “Can I visit?”
She stopped walking and without looking back said, “Sure.”
Bobby revved the engine, yelled something she couldn’t hear, and squealed his tires on the gravel.
Kira admonished herself for her stupidity and spun around to take it back but by the time she turned, the car was nearly half a block down the road.
“I should have killed him.”

*

“Two of my men are dead and I want answers!” Chief Wilcox had a stubby finger in Sydney Price’s face and Special Agent in Charge, Todd Simmons, just stood by and watched her take the verbal beat down.  The rising sun winked over the horizon and twinkled on the edge of the man’s bald head.  He was shorter than Sydney and his wobbly neck skin shuddered with each shout that made its way past his chapped lips. “And you,” he roared.  “You son of a bitch. Must you be involved in everything?”
Alex Vaughn raised his eyebrows at the onslaught but said nothing.
The chief of the Buffalo Police Department held the gaze for a moment and then spit on the ground and stomped off to where several of his other men clustered together.  Sydney watched the man run the gambit of emotions as he held his hat in his hand and addressed his men.  He hung his head and patted the nearest one on the back.
Todd Simmons walked up, taking the spot Chief Wilcox vacated.  Sydney half expected him to reprimand her too or to gloat or a series of “I told you so.”  Instead, Todd Simmons sighed, looked past her at the Chief then looked at the ground, at the factory, anywhere but at her face.  “Tough day.”
“Yeah.”  Sydney didn’t know what else to say.  They got the fucking Russian but they lost her hitman, lost Agent Conrad, lost Agent Briggs.
He looked at her finally; making eye contact that was rare for Todd unless it was the look of competitiveness he held a patent for.  “I should have sent more men, Sydney.  This isn’t all on you.”
“I made the call.”  She appreciated Todd’s words but she knew exactly whose fault it was.  The Director told her the call came from Briggs. She should have sidelined him.
“You brought a terrorist to justice.” Todd Simmons grabbed her shoulder and gave it a squeeze. “Listen, we’ve got your statement. We’ve got your team’s statement. Go home.  Get some sleep. The press, the Bureau, they’re gonna start second guessing shit soon enough.”  He dropped his hand.  “You’ll need your rest.”
“Vaughn!” Chief Wilcox had turned away from his men.  “Sergeant Zgoda is hanging outside your wife’s room at Buffalo General.  Get your ass over there so he can go home.”
Vaughn nodded and came over to the two of them.  “Sydney, I don’t have a car.”
“Take him Sydney.  I’ve got the scene.”  Todd pulled out his cell and answered it.  “Simmons here.”
Sydney opened her mouth to protest but he covered the mouth piece and said, “That’s an order.”
She nodded her head and started walking towards the outside of the factory grounds.  Alex Vaughn walked in step with her.  He said nothing and she neither looked at him, nor away from him.  Too many thoughts vied for space in her head.
My father, Agent Conrad, Briggs.
She almost choked but the words still came out.  “So many funerals,” she said.
They walked in silence as they made their way to the SUV.  She thought perhaps she had dreamed speaking the words out loud. As they settled into their seats and she rolled the ignition, Alex Vaughn muttered, “A lot of funerals for them too.  Guess that’s what matters.  Evening the score.”
She blinked.  Then hit the gas.
They rode to Buffalo General in silence as well and she couldn’t decide if it was because they were so tired, or if she was in shock, or a bit of both, but the trip seemed to skip past her memory.  The patients and the doctors and the white walls of the hospital seemed to roll past her and then she was outside the door to Charlotte’s room as Alex Vaughn knelt beside her and clasped her hand in knuckles turned to white.
The gentle rhythmic beep of the heart sensor rolled on and Sydney let out a long breath of relief.  She leaned against the wall outside the room, giving them privacy and the continual beep-beep-beep of the machine lulled her into a dream-like trance as she waited for Alex Vaughn to come out.
My father, Agent Conrad, Briggs.
She leaned her head back against the cool wall and gazed into the white lights of the long fluorescent bulbs humming in the paneling above her.  She didn’t know how long she rested like that, listening to the humming and the beeping, feeling her eyes burn into the light as if it were some sort of personal purgatory.
A commotion stirred in the hall and she almost missed it she was so entranced.  Several nurses ran past her and a doctor ran by with his pager still in hand. Then she heard it as the hum of the lights faded away and she blinked the black spots from her eyes.
The long continuous beep of a missing heartbeat.  It was followed, quiet at first, by the long continuous wail of a husband without a wife.
Sydney felt her back slide against the wall until her knees rested against her chest.  She covered her face with her hands and wept.
My father, Agent Conrad, Briggs, Charlotte Vaughn.
Epilogue

Rafael Rontego gingerly pressed several fingers into the hole ripped through his abdomen, trying to stem the flow of blood. He glanced over at the man that had thrown him into the passenger seat of the squad car so unceremoniously a few moments ago. The man squinted as he drove with one hand on the wheel and the other clutching a silver pistol. If Rafael could have summoned any strength he would have lunged forward and yanked that pistol from the man's grasp and beat him senseless with it. 
But he hadn't the strength.
The car bounced on the uneven ground as it sped along the perimeter of the Bethlehem Steel factory's grounds and Rafael's head rattled against the side window of the car with each divot the damned place had to offer. His stomach burned and he caught the faint smell of his charred flesh. A groan tried to creep up his throat but he refused to give the asshole cop the satisfaction. The guy was silent and all Rafael heard was the spinning of tires and the banging of dislodged items around the car on its up and down trajectory.
 In fact, he was too silent.
Where were my Miranda Rights?
In fact, everything was too quiet.
Where are the sirens, the lights?
Any cop worth a shit would have called his capture in. Most cops were too chicken shit to capture anyone on their own let alone an assassin of his magnitude. They would have swarmed him by the dozens.
"Who the fuck are you?" he winced as speaking caused his diaphragm to move and it stretched his wound.
The man licked his lips and glanced at Rafael out of the corner of his eye as the car hurtled over the landscape and onto the smooth pavement that lead onto the main roadway exiting the premises.
"I'm the man that is going to deliver you to your enemies," he paused and pursed his lips. "Or I'm the man that you, er, might reach an arrangement with, assuming you live." He glanced down at Rafael's wound and the assassin swooned, his head reclined against the window.
"But my friends?” The man smiled. “They call me Elliot. Elliot Nash at your service."
Look out for the next Upstate New York Mafia Tale, coming soon.
About the Author

Nicholas Denmon studied English at the University of Florida. He started story telling from the moment he could talk and has spent a lifetime perfecting the art.
His life has been varied, giving him no shortage of material. Some of his unique experiences include growing up with a schizophrenic mother, having six brothers and sisters (of which he is the middle-younger child), a perfectionist father, an evil step-mother, a college life to rival Tucker Max, and working for politicians on the Presidential as well as local stage. He has been, at times, a devout Catholic, a closet atheist, and an honorary member of the Jewish tribe.
Nick’s joy of art knows little in the way of limitations, as he loves unique paintings, music, acting, film, and of course writing.
