

The Imperial Connection

A Mike and Andy Suspense Thriller

By

Edward and Anne Charles

Edition 2
10/17/2014

SMASHWORDS EDITION

Copyright 2014 Edward and Anne Charles

ISBN 978-1476468235


This is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are the product of the authors’ imagination or are used fictiously.  Any resemblance to any persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved.  Except as permitted under the US Copyright Act of 1976, no part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior written consent of the author.

www.EdwardAnne.com

Email: edwardannecharles@gmail.com

Facebook: Edward-Anne Charles
Author’s Note:

The Connection Trilogy begins with The Imperial Connection.  All three novels are mystery/suspense thrillers, but they are more than that.  There’s s a love story that begins in The Imperial Connection and develops in the following two novels, Well Bred Connections and Hidden Connections.  The love between the two main characters, Mike and Andy deepens and matures as the novels progress.  Don’t get us wrong, love is only the sub-plot.  Action, mystery and adventure rule.
This second edition however has been altered.  The first edition contained explicit romance scenes between Mike and Andy that some readers thought took away from the story line.  As authors, we felt differently.  We wanted to make the love scenes as intense as the action scenes.  After all, two new-found lovers so close to death would naturally approach love aggressively.  In war stories, for example doesn’t the reader expect lovers to be desperate and carnal?  Who knows, they could be dead tomorrow.
Regardless, we’ve removed the explicit love scenes.  The love and romance is still alive and well in this edition of The Imperial Connection but it’s up to your imagination to fill in the blanks.
For any of our readers desiring the original edition we’ll send you a free copy by emailing us at: edwardannecharles@gmail.com.  We will send you a PDF version.
Either way, we thank you for reading The Imperial Connection.

Edward and Anne Charles


Chapter 1


Monday, January 9th

“Shit, Dad, it’s late.  Time to call it a night.”  Mike and his dad were sitting at the bar.
“Son, you know I’ve been coming to ‘Duffy’s’ here in Alsip for more than thirty years.  Don’t tell me when it’s time to go home.”  He waved at the bartender.  “Luigi, gimme and Mike another round.”
Mike Foley loved his dad, and he worried about him.  Almost forty years of Mom caring for this crazy south side Chicago cop, washing, cleaning, making sure his meals were well prepared and on time, and now she’s dead.  One day perfectly fine and the next day, Wham!  A blocked artery to the brain and suddenly while preparing Dad’s dinner drops dead on the floor, cabbage burning as the water boiled out. Two hours later Dad finds mom lying there with the stench of burned cabbage permeating the house.  Since that day, almost a year ago, the smell of corned beef and cabbage brings tears to Dads’ eyes.  It was a nice funeral, complete with bagpipes, a great Irish wake with lots of Irish relatives and Italian in-laws.  Even da Mayor stopped by to express his condolences.  
“Son, you gotta find some full time work.  How you gonna survive?”
“Dad, I already told you, my twenty years in Air Force intelligence gave me a great pension and health benefits.  Don’t worry about me, I’m okay!”
“Look,” he said as he leafed through the Chicago Sun Times.  “What’s this all about, the twelve year old runaway who magically appeared on her parent’s steps Thanksgiving day?”
“What about it?”  
“What do you mean, what about it?  I’m no stupid fuck, you little shit.  Don’t you ever forget that I’m your old man, who by the way is a cop, and will always be able to kick your ass.”
“Ok, Dad.  Yeah.  I found Lorinda.  Was her uncle who abducted the little twelve year old and wanted to be more than ‘uncle’ to her.  Let’s just say that the rest of her Italian relations up in Cicero took Uncle Lono aside and reasoned with him.”
Mike finished his drink and dragged Dad from ‘Duffy’s’ to his car. The cold, blowing snow sobered them up a bit.  After depositing Pop in his three-flat he drove back home to the suburbs.  Dodging all the damn drunks on Interstate 294 Mike finally reached the 290 extension and traffic eased.  He lit a cigarette and rolled the window partway down, ‘Gotta get off these things someday,’ he thought, as the snow blew in through the crack.
The drinks combined with the lateness of the hour caused him to ruminate. ‘Damn it’s cold!  What the hell am I doing here?  Twenty years in the military.  Now I’m out.  Gave me nothing more than a pension and some health insurance.  Shit!  Living alone in Arlington Heights, no real job.  Do I give a shit?  I hate this snow!’  He rubbed the inside of his front window with his palm making him a hole for him to peer through.
Forty minutes later Mike Foley drove up to his two bedroom apartment, got out of his car, locked it and walked up the steps through four inches of snow. ‘I need some sleep,’ he thought.  He entered his apartment, took off his coat and sat in the dark on the one easy chair in the living room.  Mike fell asleep, his iPhone warning him of an email message.
About six the sun woke him up.  He was in the same chair.  Never made it to bed.  On the plus side, somehow sleeping upright kept the nightmares at bay.  Being a military man in intelligence, Mike knew about patterns.  You’ve got to look for patterns, habits.  That’s the way to find the bad guys.  They always have patterns and connections.  He also knew to be successful at pursuing them you had to avoid making your own patterns to keep from being detected.  But screw it, there was one pattern Mike would not give up.  He opened his eyes, got up, started the coffee pot and lit a smoke.  While still nursing his first cup of coffee, half and half with two Splendas, he started the shower.
Mike Foley, 38, was about 6’1”, 180 pounds, with dark hair, most of it still black with a little gray starting to show around the edges.  He kept his hair trim and probably from all the years in the military was always clean shaven.  He had handsome features, a muscular build with tight abs and had no problem attracting women, several of whom wanted to tie him up permanent like.  Mike was not ready for that yet.  As he looked at himself in the mirror he decided a workout in the gym was in order.  It would help cure the hangover Dad deposited in his head last night.  He squirted some Visine in his red eyes and jumped in the shower.
After the shower and a couple of bites to eat he grabbed his gear bag, checked to make sure all the stuff he needed was there and took off.  On the way out he grabbed his iPhone and ear buds so he’d have music as he worked out on the machinery.  It took twice as long as usual to get to the gym because the roads were still not properly plowed out from the storm.  Radio said eight inches and another six tonight.  He looked at himself in the rear view mirror.  “What the hell are you doing coming back to live in the Midwest?” he told himself.  “The weather sucks.”  He was still cursing himself as he drove up to the health club and entered.
After a strenuous thirty minutes of cardio the hangover was pretty much over and he’d worked up a pretty good sweat.  He decided to grab some tunes from his iPhone for the rest of the workout.  That’s when he saw the email message from last night.  Mike.  Got something for u. Ck ur email at home.  Vince
Vince and Mike went way back.  Mike was a couple years older, but both had upped when they were seventeen, their parents having to give permission for them to join the Air Force.  Mike got his commission by attending college while in the military.   He and Vince first met in intelligence school and on and off had assignments together overseas, one of them being the Second Gulf War.  Vince had another six months to go and was now stationed stateside.  He passed through O’Hare several times a month and they’d often get together for drinks and talk about the good old days.
Mike finished his workout and was in the shower when it hit him, Vince emailed Mike’s phone to let him know he had a secure message on his home computer.  FBI and CIA spooks were sensitive about security.  He finished up, dressed and left the gym.  On the way home he slid into the Jewel Food Store parking lot and got some provisions.  Important ones.  Scotch, white wine and some microwaveable dinners.  Snow might keep him holed up for awhile.
“That’s $34.65 Mr. Foley.  Do you want to swipe your card?” asked the check out girl with a smile.
“Thanks, Lori.  You gonna get home ok today?  Snowing pretty bad.”
“I get off in a half hour.  If my car won’t start you wanna come get me?”
“Lori, I’m kinda busy today, but you want me to call you later this week?”
“Sure.”
“How about Getsby’s Pub for dinner and drinks?”
“Sounds nice.  Take care.”
“Bye.”
Lori was always like that, a little flirt.  They’d gone out a couple times, but no big deal.  Mike thought the flirt was more to keep him coming back to the Jewel Food Store and out of its competitors’.  She was right.  And it did make him walk a little taller.
At his apartment the landlord was out plowing the sidewalk and steps to his apartment.  He stopped him.  “Thanks, Pat.  Any more snow on the way?”
“No more than three inches.  They’ve backed off on the forecast.”
Mike waved and stomped up the steps to the front door.  His apartment was a hundred year old converted farmhouse in downtown Arlington Heights, a town of about seventy-five thousand.  Mike had the first floor and really preferred living in a neighborhood to an apartment complex.  He had lived in many of them and hated walking down the hall smelling that awful mix of curry and Mexican food.  Nothin’ against them, but he preferred his cuisine- meat and potatoes, and turkey with all the trimmings on Thanksgiving.
 He entered his apartment, took off his jacket and hung it over the large cast iron heating unit.  After zapping the rest of the morning’s stale coffee he decided to check the email from Vince.

Hey major-
I saw this article and thought the resemblance to our missing buddy Sgt. Ricci was too close to call.  Thought I’d pass it on to you.

Comin’ thru Chicago next month.  I’ll call.
Vince

Mike read the article--
Homeless Rick - a Permanent Fixture
on Imperial Streets
By STAFF WRITER Janet Vasquez

Ask most anyone living in the small farming community of Imperial, California if they have seen the homeless vagrant known as ‘Homeless Rick,’ and you will get the same response:  “Yeah, we know Rick.”
Rick has been a fixture around Imperial and its neighbor, El Centro, California for more than two years.  You can see him most afternoons at the Circle K, just hanging or helping out by pumping gas or cleaning someone’s window.
Rick is harmless.  Like many homeless people, Rick simply lives day to day asking for no more than that.  If you were to talk to Rick you would find he is very intelligent and carries on a conversation well. 
The unusual thing about Homeless Rick is he has no memories beyond two years ago when he arrived in Imperial –

Mike stopped reading the article and zoomed down to the photo of Rick.  Rick’s hair was long, well over his shoulders and he had a full beard, but the eyes, nose and mouth had a strong resemblance to Staff Sergeant Leonardo Ricci.  It was too hard to say yes or no.  He scanned the rest of the article but found nothing else of real importance, just an article about the homeless in the community.
The phone rang.  “Mike, here.  Hi Sally.  Yeah.  Yesterday I got all the info on that deadbeat ex of yours.  He’s still in Illinois, in Joliet, working the third shift at Caterpillar Tractor.  Got a minute?  I’ll call you back in five.”
Mike took to his computer and gathered all the necessary information he’d received the other day on Sally’s ex-husband, Jake.  He copied his new Social Security number, address, employer, etc., and emailed it to Sally’s lawyer.  Another deadbeat who would not again skip out on his responsibilities.  Can’t just raise six kids and turn your back on them for some new piece of ass.
“Sally, hi.  Mike again. I took all the information and emailed it to your lawyer.  It’s all he needs to file for a garnishment of wages.  Make sure he does it ASAP.”
He listened for a minute.  “Sally, yes I know the final bill is $2000.00.  Look, send me $1000 now and when your ex begins payments again send me the rest.  Best to your kids.  Any other problems, call me.  Bye.”
Mike spent the next several hours working on his computer answering emails and looking over the various requests he’d received for investigative work- finding more deadbeat dads, looking for missing children, checking up on the Megan’s Law website for sex offenders, etc.  He had enough work here to keep him busy, and he really wasn’t ready to join the CIA yet.  Just name the date, the top Special Agent in Charge said, and you’re in.  Not yet.  Too many years working in Uncle Sam’s bureaucracy and too many years overseas.  Not yet.
Before calling it quits Mike went back to Vince’s email.  He found the newspaper, The Imperial Valley Daily, and went online.  There he found the photographer’s page and discovered high resolution prints could be ordered for $2.50 each, so he ordered a ‘jpeg’ image of the photograph of Homeless Rick.  Instead of waiting, he headed towards the kitchen for dinner while the photo downloaded.  ‘Damn, look at all that snow.  Must be gettin’ a foot by tomorrow,’ he thought as he looked out.  Making his way to the fridge he pulled out a Tyson’s microwavable dinner, put it in the zapper, poured a tall scotch and water and made his way to the lounge chair and TV.  After seeing a few minutes of the weather report he heard the magical ding announcing dinner, grabbed the hot container and brought it back to his easy chair.  ‘This stuff fills me up,’ he thought, ‘but damn if I can tell whether it’s pork or turkey.’  He checked the label, had turkey tonight.  Mike threw on a jacket and worked his way onto the front porch for a smoke.  It was dark out and the snow laid a blanket over the landscape.  With everything covered in sameness it reminded him of his days in the Saudi desert where everything all around looked the same.
And that made him think of Sergeant Ricci.  ‘I Woulda been dead if it wasn’t for Ricci throwin’ himself down on me before the explosion.  Poor kid, got tore up pretty bad.’  Finishing his smoke, Mike walked back in, went directly to his computer, found the jpeg photo he’d requested and printed it out on glossy paper.  He grabbed the photo, fixed another drink and sat down in his sofa-chair. The photo, unlike the one in the article was high resolution and full of detail.  Still, he was having a hard time placing the face of the homeless man to Ricci’s.  He went to the file cabinet and returned with a jeweler’s loupe and started scanning the photo inch by inch, like he had done hundreds of times before in his past life in intelligence.  He almost missed it.  The homeless guy had hair everywhere and it was pretty well hidden, the scar over the right eye.  ‘Sonnova bitch!’ thought Mike.  ‘Ricci almost got his brains blown out that night.’  Mike remembered how Ricci threw his body over him to protect him, his CO, and then the blood pouring all over Mike from the shrapnel wound Ricci got to his head.  He looked for another half hour at the photo then finally sat up and took a deep drink of his scotch. ‘Sonnova bitch.  There’s no doubt.  That’s Sergeant Ricci, Homeless Rick.’
Mike remembered back to that battle in the desert.  Ricci was medevaced to Germany, in ICU for over three weeks, then shipped stateside for rehab for almost a year.  He kept up with Ricci by emails, but Ricci had trouble remembering things.  Ricci spent a lot of time trying to rewire his brain.  When the Air Force was ready to release him, Mike found out about it.  Under the circumstances his CO let him cycle stateside to arrange for the transfer of Ricci back to his parents.  They lived in Ruidoso, south of Albuquerque.
The news was over, Jay Leno was into his monologue, probably 10:45 P.M.  Mike grabbed another drink then consulted his iPhone.  Found them, Mary and Leonardo Ricci, Sr.  He figured it was an hour earlier there, so not too late to call.
“Hello?”
“Mary, hi, it’s Major Foley.  Mike, remember me?”
“Oh, Mike, yes! How could we ever forget you?  How are you doing?”
“Well, I retired from the service about nine months ago.  I’m in the Chicago area.  Mom died last year and it’s been tough on Dad, so I decided to stick close to him for a while.”
”Oh, Mike, I’m so sorry, my condolences to you and your dad.”
“Thanks, Mary.  I’m calling about Leon.  Have you heard from him?”
“Mike, no, we haven’t.  Same as when you called last year, there’s been no word from him at all.  By the way, Mike, it was so wonderful to have you bring Leon back home.  You didn’t have to do that.  I wanna thank you for that.”
“Mrs. Ricci--”
“No, Mary.”
“Ok, Mary.  Sergeant Ricci saved my life.  I owe him.  It was the least I could do.  Mary, there’s something I want to talk you about, it’s about Ricci, but please, promise to be objective.”
“Mike, what is it?”
“Well, I don’t really know, not really sure, but there’s a remote chance I know where Leon is.”
“What?  You think you found him?  Mike, we’ve almost given him up for dead!”
“Mary, I almost didn’t call because I didn’t want you to get your hopes up.”
“Mike, that’s okay.  Just tell me what you found.”
“Well, we uncovered a newspaper article from a small town in California, its way down by the border, in the desert.  The article’s about the homeless, and in it there’s a photo that looks a lot like Leon.  Do you have email?”
“Of course.”
“Ok, give me your email address and I’ll send it to you.  Look it over and call me in the morning.  But, please, don’t get your hopes too high.”
“I won’t.  I’ve been around a long time and remember, I’m a doctor’s wife.  I’m prepared for anything.  Just send it to me.”
“You’ll get it in about five minutes.  I’ll also include my email address, phone number and cell number.  Call me in the morning, ok?”
“Okay.  Oh, thank you Mike.”
“Goodnight Mary, give my best to Doctor Ricci.”
“Thanks, I will.  Goodnight.  And God bless.”
‘Well, Mike, you did a great job of getting Ricci’s mom all excited for probably nothing,’ thought Mike.  But at the same time he knew Ricci’s mom had a need to know.  She could handle it either way.
Mike got onto his computer and sent everything he had to Mary Ricci.  When finished, something jumped into his mind.  He thought of his buddy, Major Kenneth Stilling, now doing work for Homeland Security.  Stilling did TDY with the Brits on their face recognition technology after 9-11.  The difference is Ken took that technology and brought it generations ahead of what they had.  ‘Shit.  Why didn’t I think of this sooner,’ thought Mike.  He surfed around on the internet for about a half hour and finally found a group photo from about ten years ago with Ricci in it.  The best he could do.  He fired off that photo along with the photo of the homeless person asking Stilling if he could perform a match ASAP.  ‘Right up Ken’s alley.  He’ll get back to me right away.’
The next morning Mike was up early and after his routine of coffee and a smoke, took off to the gym.  It was a good workout.  On the way back he stopped for breakfast at his favorite local Greek restaurant.  The Greeks owned all the restaurants in Chicago.  
Just after arriving home Mrs. Ricci called.
“Mike, here.  Oh, hi, Mary.  Just got in.  What do you think?”
“Oh my God, Mike. We’re both convinced it’s Leon.”
 “Good to know.  Can you hang on a second while I put you on hold?”
“Sure, Mike.”
Mike woke the up his computer and took a look in his email in-box.  Sure enough there was a message from Ken Stilling.

Major, I don’t know what you’re up to but I can give you a 95% on recognition.  Face size, nose, eyes, chin, mouth.  Yep, that’s your man.  Let me know if you need anything else.  By the way, I used my program to remove the hair and crap from the photo you sent.  It’s attached.

He double-clicked the file attachment and up popped Sergeant Ricci.  The touched-up photo left no doubt. 
He took Mary off hold.  “Mary, I’ve got some further proof for you.  I had a, er, a friend of mine, an artist, re-work the homeless photo.  Please, don’t ask me where it came from, but I’ll send it to you now.”
 “Mike, do you know anyone down there who could confirm it’s our son?  I’d go myself, but I can’t.  Dr. Ricci had a stroke earlier this year and I can’t leave him.  Otherwise we’d go.”
“Ah, Mary, I’m sorry.  How’s he?”
“Partially paralyzed on his right side and he slurs his words a little, but he’s making good progress.  You know, he retired from medical practice last year and we’re living down here in Ruidoso.  We were at the quarter horse races when he had the stroke.  Lucky for us because they got him to the hospital fast.  Doctor’s think the recovery should be about eighty percent.”
“I don’t know anyone down there.” Mike hesitated.  “But you know, my schedule’s not that full.  I could go find him for you.  Take a coupla days to clear things up here in Chicago, but I don’t mind.”
“Could you?  Oh my God, Mike, how, how-” Mike could hear the tears in her voice. He just left it there until she composed herself.
“Mary, I owe Leon.  He saved my life.  Of course I’ll go.”
“Mike, you are so sweet.  How much money do you need?”
“Uh, airfare and hotel, car rental, coupla days work.  I’d say a thousand would do the trick.”
“You got it.  I’ll Fed-X a check to you today.  Gimme your address.  Oh, Mike, thank you.”
“Today’s Thursday.  Probably can’t get out ‘til Saturday, Sunday, or the latest Monday.  Mrs. Ricci, I’ll keep you informed and let you know not only when I find him, but also if it’s him.”
“Mike.”
“Yes, Mary.”
“Bring my son home.”
Mike spent the rest of the day working on the projects at hand.  By the end of the day he was confident he could spare a few days away.  He called Dad.
“Pop, Mike here.”
“I know it’s you, damnit.”  Dad always thought that was funny.
“Pop, probably won’t be available for our Sunday night get together.  Headin’ to California for a quick intel job.”
“Son, you know why California’s like a bowl of cereal?”
“Dad!”
“Well, when you take out the fruits and nuts all you’re left with is the flakes!”
“Shit, Dad, that’s an old one.”
“That’s all I could come up with on such short notice.  Ok, son, have a good trip.  Try not to get killed.”
“Bye, Dad.”  That was Dad, always telling tasteless and politically incorrect jokes.
The next morning before his workout Fed-X showed up.  Mary sent him a check for $10,000 with a note.  Mike, you underestimated.  If you find Leon you will have to bring him home and besides it might take you more than a few days.  Anything left over don’t worry about.  Leon wants you to have it for all your kindness. Mary.  What a classy family.
That evening Mike got online and found a nonstop from O’Hare to LAX with a morning departure.  It connected with the only, once a day flight to the small town of Imperial, California, a prop jet that got in around 2:30 P.M. California time.  The only flight he could get left Sunday.  He made the reservation then rented a car online and got a hotel reservation at the Inn at the Airport.  The rest of the day was spent downloading anything he could find about the area.  He had to do his work and like any good intelligence officer had to get a lay of the land before arriving.  He decided that the four hour trip to LAX would be enough time for him to do his research, so he packed his laptop full of downloaded information he’d read while in flight.  Before shutting down his laptop he glanced briefly at Wikipedia’s description of the Imperial Valley.   It was low desert country with less than two inches of rainfall a year and bordered both Arizona and Mexico. Hell, Arlington Heights with a population of seventy-five thousand contained over half the population of the entire county.
‘Never thought of California like that,’ he mused.
Since he couldn’t get out until Sunday he called Dad back and arranged a meeting Saturday afternoon at Luigi’s.
Mike and Dad were perched at the bar drinking beer.
“So, Son, you goin’ to California?”
“Yea, Pop.  Gonna look for a missing buddy from the Gulf War.”
“Had a friend of mine, Timmy, came back from California coupla years ago.  Know what he said?”
“What, Pop,” Mike rolled his eyes and prepared himself.
“You know you’re from California if you take a bus and you’re shocked at two people carrying on a conversation in English.”
“Really funny, Dad.  Look, can you stop with the crass jokes, already?”
“Heard this one?  You know you’re from California if your child’s third grade teacher has purple hair, a nose ring and is named Flower.”  Dad let out a big belly laugh while Mike shook his head in disgust.
“Luigi, two more.  Wait, wait, son, there’s one more.  You know you’re from California when a totally great parking spot can move you to tears.”
Mike shook his head, ‘That’s Dad,’ he thought, ‘ain’t gonna change.  At least he’s making jokes again.  Maybe he’s beginning to get over Mom’s death.’
A couple beers later Mike left Dad at the bar, got home, and started packing.  He knew for sure California wouldn’t let him bring his .38 into the state and that concerned him.  He’d spent enough time around the homeless to know they were a mixed bunch of crazies ranging from the mentally unstable to drug addicts, many of whom had done time.  He would’ve felt better carrying.
Chapter 2


Mike woke at dawn to a cloudy and dreary Sunday.  After a shower and his morning routine he checked his gear and was ready to go.  The limo arrived around eight.  The driver was Tony.  Mike used him whenever he needed a ride.
“Hi, Tony.  How’s traffic?”
“Mike!  Good to see you again.  Should be clear sailing to O’Hare.”
“United terminal.”
“Ok.  Hey Mike, how’s your pop doin’?”
Tony and Dad spent many hours at Duffy’s trying to top each other’s jokes.  It was like some teenage pissing contest.
“Pop’s good.  Same as always.”
 “Hey, I got a good one you can pass on to your old man.”
“Tony, please, it’s too early for jokes.”
“Okay, okay.  If you wanna smoke just roll the window down a bit.  I won’t bug ya.”
The snow had stopped and traffic was under control.  Forty minutes later Mike was inside the terminal.  He went upstairs, checked through security and walked to his gate.
“Morning.  I’d like to use my miles to upgrade to first class.  Any seats available?”
“Let me see.  Yes, Mr. Foley.  I will cost you two thousand air miles.  Is that ok?”
“It would be better if you could just give a complimentary upgrade.”
“Let me check with my supervisor.”
“Let your supervisor see how many miles I’ve flown.”
He sat down and waited about ten minutes.  The gate agent announced for Mr. Foley to step up to the counter.
 “How about seat 3A?  Flight’s pretty empty in first,” she said with a smile handing him his boarding pass.
“Fine.  And thank you.”  ‘Works more often than not,’ Mike thought.
The flight left at 10:11 A.M. for Los Angeles International where he would have an hour layover then arrive in Imperial at 2:27 P.M.  When the flight was announced he got on board and settled in for the four-plus hour flight.
After takeoff Mike got some coffee, opened his laptop and started doing his research.  The first thing he did was take time to read the entire article in detail.

 
Homeless Rick - a Permanent
Fixture on Imperial Streets
By STAFF WRITER Janet Vasquez

Ask most anyone living in the small farming community of Imperial, California if they have seen the homeless vagrant known as ‘Homeless Rick,’ and you will get the same response:  “Yeah, we know Rick.”
Rick has been a fixture around Imperial and its neighbor, El Centro, California for more than two years.  You can see him most afternoons at the Circle K, just hanging out or helping by pumping gas or cleaning someone’s window.
The unusual thing about Homeless Rick is he has no memories beyond two years ago when he arrived in Imperial.  Rick has been a fixture around Imperial and its neighbor, El Centro, California for more than two years.
Rick is harmless.  Like many homeless people Rick simply lives day to day asking for no more than that.  If you were to talk to Rick you would find he carries on a conversation well.
“I talk to Rick several times a week,” said Andy Holmes, a local antique dealer.  “He’s a very intelligent person.  He just can’t remember his past.”  Holmes brings lunch to the homeless several times a week and has tried to help Rick find his past.
“Rick is a ‘special’ person and it would be nice to help him find who he is,” said Holmes.
Dealing with the homeless in Imperial County is a challenge for local authorities who are already cash-strapped for funds.  As a result the homeless have to fend for themselves on the street.  Meals come from either local charities or local dumpsters.

He read the article several times over, looking for leads.  Andy Holmes.  Antiques dealer.  All the artist types Mike ever knew were gay.  ‘Okay, gotta find a gay guy’ he mused.  ‘Janet Vasquez, the reporter.  Another lead.  Reporters always had ten times the information than what gets into their articles.  Circle K, Rick’s hangout.  Some homeless have strict routines.  Maybe stake it out and wait for him to show up.’
He put the article away.  Mike asked the flight attendant for a scotch on the rocks.  When it came he opened his laptop and began reading the hoards of information he had collected about the ‘valley,’ his near perfect memory recall storing all the intel.  Four hours later he closed the laptop and waited for the plane to land and the jet way to let him into the terminal.  Luckily there was a bar next to the boarding gate, so he sat down on the stool and ordered a beer.
“Where you headed?” asked a patron sitting next to him nursing a beer.
“Imperial, California,” said Mike turning to the man.
“It’s a God-damned good thing you’re goin’ there in January.  If it was July you’d be looking at one hundred twenty degrees.  I should know, I live there.”
Mike smiled as he extended his hand.  “Mike, here.  Mike Foley.  Pleased to meet ya.”
“Sam.  Sam Conklin, but everybody calls me Hollywood.”
“Nice to meet you, Hollywood,” Mike said as he shook his hand.  “We’re probably on the same flight, then.”
Mike took an immediate liking to Hollywood.  He was six foot tall, a solid man in excellent shape, late fifties with bright blue eyes and a clean shaven head and face.  His firm handshake told Mike this guy was a no bullshit alpha male.
He stabbed a guess.  “Military?”
“Hoorah!  Retired.”
“Ok, Marine.  I’m Air Force, recently retired, but don’t hold it against me.”
“Naw, ‘Nam was a long time ago.  Besides I’m an engineer now.”
“Oh yeah?  What do you do?”
“Geothermal.  I run the plants in the valley.”
“I thought wind and solar were the big thing down there?”
“Fuckin’ politicians.  They don’t want ya to know here’s enough geothermal in the valley to light up half the west coast.  It’s just that geo is cheap and the fuckin’ money grabbers can make millions sellin’ congress a bunch of shit stinking windmills and solar panels costin’ us taxpayers billions when they should be doin’ the right thing by producing cheap geothermal energy.  Sorry to get on my soap box.  What brings you to the valley?”
“Kinda lost touch with a buddy.  I think he might be a homeless person here in the valley.”
“A military buddy?”
“Kid took a hit for me during a skirmish in Desert Storm.  Saved my life.  I owe it to his parents to get him back.  His head was never the same.  If I can find him I’ll get him back home.”
“Yep.  It’s in our blood as warriors, leave no man behind.  Proud of you, What’d ya say your name was again?”
“Mike.  Mike Foley”
“Won’t forget it now.  Ya know, it’s a hidden reality that folks down my way don’t want to admit, but the fact is there’re more ex-military homeless in the valley than anywhere else in California.  It never drops below freezing and they know how to survive, even in the heat.  Many of them served in Afghanistan or Iraq where the climate and topography’s same as the valley.  Lots of those guys got PTSD and have just dropped off the face of the earth.  Shame.”
With that, Hollywood got up and walked to the check-in counter.  He spent a few minutes flirting with the gate attendant then came back holding two boarding passes.
“That’s Amber.  I know her.  Got us seats together.  That way we can chat on the way over.” 
On board the twin turboprop Mike settled in on the left side of the plane.  The commuter plane held 24 people, but only a dozen or so passengers were on board.  The turboprop took off on time and headed directly east.  Mountains loomed up to the north and Mike was enjoying the view.
“Down there is Big Bear.  Nice lake and ski area.  Peaks about eighty-five hundred feet.” said Hollywood.  “In a few minutes you’ll see Palm Springs coming up, then he’ll head us south over the Salton Sea.”
“Palm Springs.  The Salton Sea.  Something I recall.  Is it about Sonny Bono?”  asked Mike.
“Yeah.  The idiot was mayor of Palm Springs which is just north of the Sea.  Tried to restore that polluted mistake.”
“Mistake?”
“Yeah, mistake.  Salton Sea didn’t exist until around nineteen oh-four.  When they diverted the Colorado River they built inferior water gates.  A guy named Heber was running the show.  He screwed up, the gates collapsed and sent the entire river into the valley.  That’s what created the Salton Sea.  Should never have been.”
“What happened?”
“Took ‘em over three years to get the river under control.  President of the Southern Pacific Railroad, guy named Harriman, invested almost two million of his own money to plug the river back up.  Anyway, that’s how the sea got there.  I got a geo-thermal plant at the south end of the sea.  Had my way, I’d drain it.  Below that sea are some of the best sites in the country for geo-thermal.  Lithium, too.”
Just like Hollywood said, the plane turned south over the Salton Sea and when it reached the end of the lake turned westward.
“Look over there.” said Hollywood.  “See that area where the land’s been dug up?  Gold mine.  Just south of there you can also see the Imperial sand dunes.  Most any movie or TV ad you see that’s got desert in it probably got filmed there.”
As Mike stared down he saw the same type of landscape he’d seen in the Middle East.  But presently the landscape and horizon changed.  He could see blue lines of water that he remembered from his reading were part of the All American Canal with tributary canals that crisscrossed throughout the desert.  For miles on either side of it were lush farmlands, green everywhere around the canals and desert everywhere else.
“Mike, most people don’t realize that almost seventy percent of our country’s vegetables come from this valley.  Known fact that there’s over sixteen thousand miles of canals down there.  They grow twelve months a year.  This time of year it’s vegetables.”
“I’m impressed.  Never knew.”
Soon the same boring lecture, at ten times the normal level filling the plane.  “Ladies and gentlemen we are now approaching Imperial County Airport, please make sure your seat backs and tray tables are -”
“Hollywood, got family?”
“Did.  After twenty five years bitch decided to up and leave to San Diego.  New boyfriend.  Caught me by surprise. Divorce almost over.  Kids grown and out of the nest.”
Fifteen minutes later they were walking on the tarmac making their way to the small building that people around here called an airport terminal.  It was a fifty year old concrete rectangular box in need of a lot of paint and, due to the climate, was mostly an open-air structure.
Hollywood turned to Mike and shook his hand.  “Real nice meeting you.  My car’s out front. Need a lift?
“No thanks.  Got a rental.”
“Anything planned for dinner?  Be happy to meet back up for a bite to eat.”
“Yeah?  That’d be great.  You know so much about the valley I’d like to pick your brain some more.  Sure, dinner sounds great.”
“Where’ya staying?”
“Inn at the Airport.”
“Ok.  What say I meet you in the bar around seven?”
“See you then.”
After they grabbed their bags Hollywood left and Mike turned to look for the car rental area.  There wasn’t one, but as he stood there looking around a young man came up to him. 
“Mr. Foley, I have your car for you.”
“How’d you know I’m Mr. Foley?”
“Well, sir, since you’re the only one around here who’s not Mexican, I kinda assumed.”
Mike just smiled and thought, ‘Yeah.  Pretty close to the Mexican border.  Not too many Irish boys living around here.’
The young man piped up.  “Mr. Foley, I know you wanted a Honda Civic, but we ran out.  All’s left was a Ford Mini-van or a Mustang, so I thought you’d prefer the Mustang.  There’s no additional charge, and it’s a really cool car.”
“That’ll be fine,” Mike said with a smile.  Trick works more often than not.  He signed the papers and saw his hotel shared the same parking lot as the airport.  Unique name, too, The Inn at the Airport.  He walked over, registered and asked the clerk where he was.
“Well, there’s really only one main road, right out there,” he pointed out the window.  “Runs north and south.  It’s the Imperial highway.  To the north’s Imperial.  To the south is El Centro.”
“Thanks.”
It was mid-afternoon so Mike decided to get a lay of the land.  After checking his bag in the room Mike got in the red Mustang and headed south.  Lit a smoke.  ‘Shit!  It’s a non-smoking car.  Guess I’ll have to roll down the windows.’  Imperial Avenue was a four lane divided highway and along the stretch to El Centro were the typical big box stores – Costco, Target, Walmart, etc.  After about five minutes the shops got closer together and Mike sensed he was near the center of activities for El Centro.  When he found the downtown area he was not impressed. He cruised the streets back and forth until he found Main Street.  It was obvious that this four block area used to have horse drawn carriages that came to town and angled in towards the storefronts.  When cars made their appearance they simply paved the road and striped it.  No parking meters, though.
Mike drove back to the motel and took a short nap.  He woke around six-thirty, cleaned up and headed for the bar.
 “Scotch and water tall,” he said to the bartender.
“Comin’ right up.”
There were probably twenty people at various tables enjoying dinner and four others sitting at the bar.  It was a cozy place.  The bartender handed Mike his drink.
“Staying here?”
“Yep.”
“Thought so.  You don’t dress like a local.”
Mike laughed and stretched his hand out to the bartender, shaking it.  “No, I’m from Chicago.  Mike’s my name.  You?”
“Tony, and I’m from Brawley.  Nice ta meet you.  What brings ya this way?”
“I’m looking for a friend of mine from back in the military days.”
“Lotsa government here, yes sir.  Besides the El Centro Naval Air Facility where the Blue Angels practice we got ICE, Border Patrol, FBI, BLM, you name it.  Mosta the guys around here are military, government or ex-military.”
Sitting next to Mike was a tall, muscular, macho-type who piped up.
“Don’t forget us CO’s good buddy.”
Mike turned to him.  “CO’s?”
“Correctional Officers.  We got more in prison population down here than you want to know about.  Names’ Pedro.  Nice to meet you.”  He extended his hand.
“Hi.  Mike.” he said as he extended his hand to Pedro.  “You work for the prisons?”
“Yeah, level four.  CALIPAT.”
“What?”
“Sorry, that’s local for Calipatria State Prison.  We got two down here.  My wife works over at Centinela.  That’s become a level four, too.”
“Level four?”
“Oh, sorry.  Murder.  Death row.  Most of the bad ones are sent down here.  You military?”
Mike responded after a sip of scotch.  “Did my twenty.  Air Force.  Intelligence.  You?”
“Army. Six years, MP.  Worked in the brig for last two, so was easy to get into the prison system after the Army.”
Suddenly all eyes were glued on the TV as the Chargers botched another field goal attempt.  Half the crowd was cheering and the other half wanted the Chargers to win so the Raiders couldn’t move up a notch.
After the crowd calmed down Mike asked the CO.  “Come here often?”
“Close to home.  Depending on my shift I like to stop here before going home to my Lilly.”
At seven Hollywood showed up and sat next to Mike.  “Hey.”
“Hey”
Hollywood waved at Tony.  “Tony.  The usual.”  He then turned to Pedro.  “Pedro, lose any prisoners lately?”
“No.  But if I do you’ll be the first to know.”
Hollywood laughed and slapped Pedro on the back.  “Give Lilly my best.”
“Will do.”
Mike asked Hollywood.  “So you know everybody in town?”
“Only the ones that matter.  Hungry?  I’ll drive.”
After finishing their drinks they got into his Ford F-150 pickup.  Hollywood turned south on Imperial Avenue.  “Got a local sports bar I thought’d be nice.  Sound ok?”
“Go for it.”
A few minutes later they were outside the Beer and Burgers Sports Bar.
“Hi, Hollywood.” said the attractive twenty-something hostess.  “Two for dinner?”
“Two it is, Carmela.  How about that back corner?”
As they sat down Hollywood positioned himself with his back to the wall facing the people in the restaurant.  “Old habit.  Always gotta keep facing out to keep an eye on things.”
They ordered drinks, then dinner.  While waiting for the meal Mike asked, “Okay, Hollywood.  Tell me what you did in the Marine Corps.”
“Retired a Major after twenty five years.  First Vietnam and other places in Southeast Asia in and out of rice paddies, then got my engineering degree on the Navy’s dollar.  Spent most of my time in black-ops.  Bad stuff, but wouldn’t trade it.  Mind’s still a little fucked up but I’m dealing with it.  What about you, Mike?”
“Major.  Intelligence Officer.  Desert Storm.  Gulf War.  Covert ops.  Most of my time’s been overseas.  Spent a lot of time coordinating with CIA spooks.  Glad to be out.  Mom died awhile ago so been hanging around the Chicago area keeping an eye out on Dad.”
They spent the rest of dinner comparing notes and talking military.  Hollywood filled Mike in on a lot of local intel that he could never have read about.  Mike began to realize what a unique area of the country this was.  After about two hours and several beers later it was time to leave.
On the drive back, Hollywood pointed out the areas where the homeless hung out and gave Mike some good ideas where he might find Sergeant Ricci.
He pulled up to Mike’s room and turned off the truck.  “Mike, can I join you in your room for a moment?”
“Sure.  Come on in.”
Hollywood reached back behind his seat and pulled out a briefcase, brought it into the motel room and closed the door.  “Got something for you.”
“What is it?”
“There’s nothing like a little security, especially where you’re headin’.  Open it.”
Mike clicked open the briefcase and found a .38 pistol, three boxes of shells and an ankle holster.
Hollywood added.  “That should do ya, but if you need anything else, just let me know.  I’ve got one fuckin’ arsenal at home.”
“Thanks, Hollywood.  I wasn’t all that happy about leaving mine home but knew I’d never get it into California.  Similar to my Smith & Wesson. Thanks!”
“Look, one other thing.  You need anything, call.  Here’s my cell phone and address.”
“Thanks.  Really nice to have some support down here case I need it.”  Mike gave Hollywood his cell number and escorted him to the door.
He shook his hand.  “Thanks.”
“G’nite.”
Chapter 3


Before settling in he grabbed the phone book under the night stand and flipped through the yellow pages looking for antique stores.  Didn’t find any.  He then looked through the white pages looking for Andy Holmes.  Nothing there.  ‘Well, tomorrow’s another day, time to call it quits.’  He was asleep in minutes.  It was an almost normal night.
After his morning routine Mike headed out for breakfast.  This time he went north on Imperial Avenue and wound up in the crossroads town of Imperial.  He found a taco joint and while eating his breakfast burrito looked outside and noticed something.  It was on the opposite corner, the Circle-K convenience store.  ‘Have to check that out,’ he thought.  After breakfast he walked over to the store and bought a pack of smokes and got some coffee to go.
“Know Homeless Rick?” he asked the cashier as he paid.
“Sure do, but haven't seen him in a while.”
“When does he usually show up?”
“Can't tell,” said the cashier.  “I work third shift.  Get off at eight and don't think Rick comes around too early.  I know Skeeter the Greeter, though.”
“Who’s Skeeter the Greeter?”
“Skeeter comes out every day.  Stands at the four-way stop and waves at the cars as they go by.  Nice guy.  Got crazy after Vietnam.  Lives with his mom.  He’s harmless, though.”
Mike kept that info tucked away.  Skeeter the Greeter had to know Homeless Rick.  Same hangout.  Maybe talk to Skeeter later.
“Thanks.”
“Have a good one.”
“Oh,” asked Mike, “What lotteries have you got here in California?”
“Super Lotto and Mega Millions.”
“Gimme a quick pick for both.”
Mike handed the cashier two dollars in exchange for the lottery tickets and left.  Time to get to work.  He decided the first thing to do was find the antique dealer quoted in the article, Andy, Andy Holmes.  According to the article Andy had a connection with the homeless and shouldn't be hard to find.  El Centro.  Antiques.  He headed south on the 86.  He found that's what the locals called Imperial Avenue, route 86, but they attached 'the' to the route, so it came out the 86, not route eighty-six.  A few minutes later Mike was in downtown El Centro and just like yesterday could find no antique shop.  What he did find was a park located a couple of blocks from Main Street where it was obvious the homeless bivouacked.  Shopping carts were parked all around, packed full of the homeless people’s possessions, scraggy adults were milling around.  Good hunting grounds for Rick.
As Mike crisscrossed the streets of El Centro looking for the antique dealer he noticed a building on the corner, The Imperial Valley Daily.  Mike pulled over and took a look at the article.

Homeless Rick - a Permanent Fixture
on Imperial Streets
By STAFF WRITER Janet Vasquez

By chance he pulled into the parking lot and entered the newspaper building.
“Good morning.  I’m looking for Janet Vasquez.  Is she available by chance?” he asked the receptionist.
“Let me check for you.”  Mike took a chair in the waiting area and picked up the morning paper.
The receptionist answered back.  “Sir, she’ll be with you in a few minutes.”
Mike kept reading.  ‘Not much in this paper,’ he thought.
Presently, a very attractive young, slim Mexican-American woman came out.  She was about five foot four, had short dark brown hair, large brown eyes and a magnetic smile supporting straight teeth and bright red lipstick.  Her skin was light brown, like many of the people Mike observed living here.  “Hello, I’m Janet Vasquez.  Can I help you?” she said through her cute smile.
“I hope so.  Hi, I’m Mike Foley,” responded Mike as he stood up and shook her hand.  “You did an article a couple of weeks ago about the homeless.  It was titled Homeless Rick.”
“Yes, I remember that.  What about it?”
“Well, I’m down here from Chicago because of that article.”
Janet placed her hands on both of her cheeks.  “Oh, wow.  They read the Imperial Daily in Chicago?  I’d love to get a job up there!” she said in an excited tone, her eyes gleaming.
“I’m sorry, I don’t work for a newspaper or anything.  Let me explain.  I think I know who this Homeless Rick is.  I may have served with him in the military.  I’d like to locate Rick to find out if it’s him.”
Janet responded.  “The homeless are so elusive.  It was hard to pin down Rick for the article.”  She looked dejected.
“That’s why I’m here.  I saw in your article there was an antique dealer named Andy Holmes.  I’ve driven all over the city looking for the antique store and can’t find any.  Would you know where Andy works?”
“Sure!  Andy is on Main Street, but it’s not an antique store, it’s a collectables and resale shop.  Andy is an antique dealer but uses this shop for the spillover, things that don’t sell in Orange County are brought down here.”
“Can you give me an address?” asked Mike as he pulled out his iPhone to type on.
“It’s 444-1/2 South Main Street.  But they’re closed on Mondays.”
“Darn.  Do you know how I can reach Andy?”
“Sure.  The store is closed Mondays but they’re putting up stock.  Drive around back and the door should be open.  Just ask for Andy.”
“Janet, thank you very much.”
She smiled seductively, “Here’s my card.  If you find anything out about Homeless Rick please let me know.  I’d love to do a follow-up article on him.”
“Promise.  I will.  Thanks for the information, Janet.”
“De nada, Senor Mike,” she answered in flirtatious tone.
Mike walked out, got in his Mustang and headed for Main Street.  Was about three blocks away.  He drove down Main and when he reached the four hundred block slowed down.  There, in the middle of the block on the right was a sign that read ‘CurioCity’ with a CLOSED sign on the door.  He drove to the end of the block, hung a right and then another right into the alley behind the store, found a spot close by and got out.  He turned the handle on the door and discovered it was open.  He pushed the door, bells that were hanging on the inside handle announced his arrival.  
The store was in an old turn of the century building with twelve foot high ceilings and ran about one hundred feet in length and about thirty feet wide.  It appesared to be an old Woolworth’s building.  The place smelled like old stuff and was packed with all types of curios and other things Mike collectively termed as ‘junk.’  He walked to the center of the store and saw an older lady in her sixties working on a display of antique dolls.
“Hi.  I’m looking for Andy Holmes.”
“Andy’s in the back sorting stuff.” As she said this she pointed towards a large room in the back of the store.  Mike took that as his queue where to find Andy.
“Thanks.”  No reply.
He walked towards the back of the store to the door where she had directed, turned the handle and went in.  There, in the back of the stockroom was a woman, bent over with her backside to him searching through a box.
“Excuse me,” he said.  “I’m looking for Andy Holmes.”
“Just a minute,” came the voice from the redheaded woman.
After a minute the lady stood up and turned around.  “Yes?”
“Uh, hi.”  I’m looking for Andy Holmes.
“You’re looking for Andy?” she said.
“Yes, Andy.  Do you know where I can find him?”
“Where you can find Andy?  Who wants to know?” she said with a little edge in her voice.
Mike was a little pissed by her tone, but continued as politely as he could.
“I’m sorry, I’m Mike Foley, and I’m looking for Andy Holmes.  Can you help me find him?”
“Him?”
“Yes, Him.”
“Oh, I get that all the time.  You’re looking at Andy.  I’m Alexandria, but everyone calls me Andy.”
Mike, for the first time in years, was caught off guard.  He was all ready to encounter his gay antique dealer when suddenly this Andy turned out to be an absolutely gorgeous 30-ish woman with striking features and red shoulder length hair.
“You can close your mouth now.  Sorry I surprised you.”
Mike blushed a little, but quickly recovered.  “Ah, hi.”
“You don’t look like you’re from around here.”
“No, I’m from Chicago.”
“Figured.”
“Waddya mean ‘figured’?”
“You know, I’m kinda busy.  Now that you’ve met Andy, what do you want?”
“I just want to get some information.”
“Look, you want to keep talking to me and I’ve got a lot to do.  Here!”
With the here Andy thrust an armful of boxes into Mike’s arms.  He had no choice but to grab them or let them fall on the floor.  He grabbed them.
“Follow me.”  And without another word took off towards the front of the store, leaving Mike nothing to do but tail behind her.
“Stop!”
Mike stopped as Andy started taking boxes from him and placing them on the shelves.  “Mike, is it?”
“Yes, Andy, It’s Mike.  And my friends call me Mike.”
“Very funny.  Well, Mike, what brings you here?”
“I came down from Chicago last night.”
“You a snowbird?”
“What’s a snowbird?”
“Never mind.  Why are you here in my shop?”
“It’s about a mutual friend.”
“We don’t have any mutual friends,” she said icily, refusing to look at him.
“Well, I think we do,” he retorted.
“Don’t talk to me like that.  You easterners.  Where do you get off-”
“Whoa! Andy.  Do you want me to drop these boxes or do you want to settle down and listen to me?”
“Shit, don’t drop those.”
“Andy, I think we do have a mutual friend, and I think it’s something you want to know about.”
“Well, I’m busy now.  Got a lot to do.  Mutual friend or not, my job comes first.  Anyway, sounds like a pickup line to me.”
Mike was getting a little more than pissed off by all this but tried his best to keep it in check.  “Okay, Andy, how about I meet you for lunch and then we can talk.”
Andy snapped back curtly.  “Ok, Mr. Mike, we can do that,” she said pronouncing each word individually.  “What do you say we do McDonald’s?”
Mike rolled his eyes.  “Whatever.  Okay.  I’ll meet you there, say, at noon?”  He was having a difficult time keeping anger out of his voice.
“Sounds good.”
Mike set the boxes down and let Andy deal with the rest of them.  He headed for the door.
“Noon?” he reconfirmed.
“Sure, noon.”
Mike opened the door to leave and Andy piped up.  “Mike?”
“Yes, Andy,” he said rather curtly.
“Who’s our mutual friend?”
Mike stopped, turned and looked Andy square in the eyes.  He paused, and then said slowly, “Homeless Rick,” and walked out the door.
Mike almost slammed the door shut.  ‘Damn, I’ve spent my whole life tracking down and killing bad guys and now when I want to do something right for someone I have to deal with this Bimbo.  Shit.’  He walked out the front door then instantly realized he’d come in the back door, so turned right, went to the end of the block then turned into the alley.  He got to his car and pressed the button on the keychain to unlock the doors.
Just as he was opening the door he heard Andy’s voice.  “Mike?”  
He turned and saw her standing at the back door.  “Yes?”
“Are you buying lunch?”
“Sure.”
“Okay.  I’ll meet you at the McDonald’s on Imperial Avenue.”
“See you at noon.”
Mike got in his red Mustang, backed up and slowly drove down the alley.  He looked in the rear view mirror and glimpsed at one of the most beautiful woman he had ever seen.  Andy, the gay antique dealer.  He smiled, but was still pissed.
Mike tried to concentrate on his mission, to find Ricci, but the image of Andy kept invading his mind.  God, she was stunning, beautiful.  Her round face, small tight waist, the slight hint of breasts poking through her blouse.  ‘Damn, Mike, get hold of yourself.’
His anger abated as he made his way back to the motel by way of a different street.  Most of the streets were on a grid system running north-south and east-west.  He took Main Street west to Austin, another north-south street.  Austin was only one mile from Imperial Avenue but to his amazement everything west of the street was farmland, the dividing line between city and country.  For the first time Mike saw one of the canals.  It ran parallel to Austin and was about twenty feet wide with smaller canals running off to the east and west.  As he drove north he saw a variety of crops growing.  Some fields were of alfalfa, others of vegetables like broccoli, carrots and sugar beets.  It was quite a sight.  Mike pulled up to his room and cranked open his laptop.  He spent the next hour going through correspondence and answering emails.  Just before noon he closed things up and headed to the McDonalds on Imperial Avenue.
He was early.  Andy wasn’t there yet so he took a seat in one of the hard plastic chairs and waited.  Andy arrived right at noon, came up to Mike and to his surprise gave him a big hug.
“What a special treat to have you buy lunch, Mike.  Let’s order.”  They stood in line and he asked what she wanted.
“How do you know Homeless Rick?”  Andy asked.
Before he could answer the teenage cashier, Jimmy, asked.  “May I help you?”
Andy replied.  “I think something off the dollar menu would be fine.”
Mike interrupted.  “No need to be a cheap date.  Order what you want.”
Andy smiled through clenched teeth as she asked.  “You’re still buying?”
“Of course.”
“Ok, then I think it’ll be Big Macs.”
“No fries?”
“Ok,” she said slyly.  “I’ll have fries too.”  Andy turned to Jimmy the cashier.  “Jimmy, that’ll be 50 Big Mac’s and 50 Fries.  Oh, and a large iced tea with lemon and a side salad with ranch.  Mike, what would you like?”
“Uhhh, Medium coffee with one cream and two Splendas, and a dollar cheeseburger and dollar side salad, ranch dressing.”  Mike looked down at the twenty dollar bill dangling between his fingers and replaced it with a debit card.  Shaking his head he just could not ask any questions.  He turned to Andy.  “Anything else?”
“No. I think not.  Oh, make the 50/50 order to go.”
“That’ll be $229.79, sir.”
Mike swept his card and paid.  Before walking off to wait for the order to be filled he turned to Andy and said, “Rick saved my life.”
Andy went to the restroom.  Mike sat alone waiting for the order when it dawned on him.  The homeless.  She’s feeding them like it said in the article.  Andy came back looking much different with her hair combed, makeup carefully applied, complete with lipstick.  She was wearing faded blue jeans and a cotton v-neck top with a small jacket over.  The way she was dressed, even as casual as it was made Mike’s heart jump.
As she sat down Mike squeezed her hand and said, “Andy, it’s a wonderful thing you’re doing.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean what you are doing for others.  Excuse me, for a minute, I need to use the restroom, too.”
As he departed Andy noticed a mist in his eyes.  When the 50/50 order was ready they headed to the parking lot.
“We’ll take my car,” Andy said.  “The homeless won’t be comfortable seeing a strange vehicle.”  They walked to Andy’s Jeep and opened the back.  There Mike discovered some more stash, fifty water bottles and fifty apples.  They got in and drove to Sixth Street Park.  When they arrived, a line of homeless people were there waiting for her.
“They know I do this every Monday,” said Andy.  “By the most part they behave. They know if they’re naughty and push and shove I won’t come back next Monday.”  Sure enough, Andy had them trained.  They were all lined up and only took what she doled out.  One Big Mac, one apple, one water and one fry.  Mike heard lots of comments.
“Wow!  Fries!”
“Awesome!  A Big Mac!  Thanks Andy!”
As Mike watched the lunch line dwindle something bothered him.  At the far end of the park he noticed a parked minivan.  Several minutes later the same minivan moved closer to their location and parked across the street.  It was a tan Dodge Caravan, California plates. ‘5XLZ’ something.  Late model.  When the driver saw Mike staring at the van, he took off around the corner and was out of sight.
When the line was gone and food supplies exhausted, Mike asked Andy, “What happened to Homeless Rick?”
“You know,” she replied, “today is Monday and Rick’s probably in Imperial, closer to where he lives.”
A homeless man came up to Andy, eyeing Mike suspiciously.
“Henry, he’s okay.  Don’t worry about him.” said Andy.  “What do you want?”
“Miss Holmes, I wonder if you could sell this for me.”
“What is it, Henry?”
He pulled out a small necklace and showed it to Andy.
“Sure.  Give it to me.  When it sells I’ll give you the money.  This should go for around five dollars.”
“Thanks, Miss Holmes.”
Mike thought, ‘Miss?’
“You’re welcome, Henry.”  Andy made a note on a little pad she had and took the necklace.
When Henry left, she told Mike, “They come to me with things to sell.  I put them in my shop and if they sell, I pay them for it.  Most of these people are expert dumpster-divers, like Homeless Rick.  When they find something of worth they bring it to me.  Helps their cash flow.”
Andy closed up the back of her Jeep and got in on the driver’s side.  
“Let me show you something.”  She drove past the park and up Sixth Avenue.
“You see these run down motels?  Most of them are for transients and hookers.  Anyone living around here knows if you want to get laid, this is the street.”  She continued her tour by driving closer to Imperial Avenue.  “There’s a hierarchy here, Mike.  The closer we get to the popular restaurants and shops, the greater the value of the dumpsters.  The homeless are very territorial and it is understood who owns which dumpster.  See those three dumpsters over there?  Those belong to Homeless Rick as well as one by the airport.”
Andy hesitated a moment before continuing.  “Mike, I don’t have a lot left to do today.  Would you like me to take you to see Rick?”
“Andy, you are such a kind person.”
“Thank you, Mike.”
“And yes, I’d really like to see Rick.”
“You have to tell me your story.”
“Tell you what, why don’t I go back to the Inn at the Airport and get some information for you.  I have some photos you’d probably like to see.  On the way to Rick’s I can fill you in on the details.”
“That would be great,” said Andy.  “Here’s the deal, I’ve got about an hour of work left.  The Airport has a bar called The Hangar.  Why don’t I meet you there, say around three?”
“I was in the bar last night.”
“You probably met Tony from Brawley.”
“The bartender, nice guy.  Yeah, I met him.”
Andy dropped Mike off at his car and they parted.
He got back to the motel, took his shoes off, closed his eyes and lay back on the bed.  This woman, who started out with a chip on her shoulder really turned out to be a much different person than Mike thought when they first met.  A stirring, almost a longing flowed through Mike as he closed his eyes and fell asleep.
He woke up in a start, looked at the clock and realized it was three. ‘Shit.  I’m late’ he said to himeslf as the jumped out of bed.  Quickly he rummaged through his briefcase and pulled out the photos of Sergeant Leonardo Ricci and headed towards the bar.  Entering The Hangar he saw Andy sitting at the bar drinking and laughing with a young handsome stud.  The man laughed at Andy’s comment then hugged her with one arm and ran his hand through her beautiful red hair.
‘Shoulda known,’ Mike thought, dejected.  He approached Andy and came around to the spare chair next to her.
“Oh, hi Mike.  Mike, this is Bruce, Bruce, Mike.”
Mike responded with a rather cold ‘Nice to meetya.’  No handshake.  Mike ordered a scotch and water and paid the bartender.
Presently, Bruce said to Andy, “Honey, I got to go.  It’s a long drive to the mall and traffic this time of day is pretty bad.  Call me, okay?”
“Okay,” responded Andy.  She pecked his cheek and he left.
Mike regained his composure and took another sip from his drink.
“Sorry I was late.  Fell asleep.  Jet lag.”
“It’s fine.  I only got here a few minutes ago.”
Mike got his nerve up.  “He your friend?”
“Who?  Bruce?  Gosh, I’ve known Bruce forever.  He’s my hairdresser.”
“Oh.”  It was quiet for several seconds.
“And don’t worry, silly, he’s gay.”
Mike just let that one lay there.  Presently he spoke up.  “I want to show you something, but not here.  Let’s take a seat at that booth over there, ok?”
“Sure.”  They moved to a booth away from the curious.
Mike indicated that Andy sit next to him, not opposite.  “Sit here.  I want to show you some photos.”
“Ok.”  Andy slid in first and Mike sat next to her.  Out of nowhere a message flashed through Mike’s brain, ‘she smells good.’  He immediately dismissed the thought and pulled out the photo of Rick from the Imperial Daily.
“My buddy Vince sent me the article about Homeless Rick last week.  At first I wasn’t sure it was him until I ordered a well defined photo from the newspaper.”
“How did you even find this article?” asked Andy.
“I was an Air Force Intelligence Officer for twenty years and I worked on and off with Army Intelligence, the CIA and sometimes the FBI, too.  My buddy Vince is still in.  Since 9-11 they watch everything.  He forwarded it to me.  At first I wasn’t sure, but then I sent it to another buddy, Ken Stilling.  Ken’s job is to, ah, place faces.  Here’s his rendition of the same photo.”
Mike produced the photo Ken had sent, along with the email showing a ninety-five percent facial match.  Andy looked at it and was amazed.
He handed her another photo.  “Here’s a picture of Rick before he was hit.  By the way, so you know, his name is Staff Sergeant Leonardo Ricci, Jr.  He was born in Albuquerque but his parents now live in Ruidoso, New Mexico.  We called him Sergeant Ricci.”
Andy was teary eyed staring at the photos.  “Homeless Rick, oh Ricci, I tried so hard to help you find your past.  Rick is such a special person to me, Mike.  Tell me what happened.”
It was quiet for a long while.  Mike sat straight and rigid, both hands around his scotch and water, quietly staring into his drink as he ever so slowly turned the glass back and forth with his fingers.  Andy waited patiently.
Presently, he began.  “It was the Gulf War.  I was in Intel and ran a recon group.  We were looking for the Royal Guard, Saddam’s top fighters.  There were four of us.  I was the lead officer from Intel and it was my job to feed information back to HQ so they could train the missiles on Saddam’s troops. Then, there was Vince who phoned the coordinates back in to HQ, the driver Private Janis and Sergeant Ricci who had enough ordinance to do serious damage if we got too close to the bad guys.  One night we were way out in the desert, about two in the morning, searching for troop formations and tanks in our Hummer when we were spotted.  All hell broke loose.  Janis was killed instantly and Ricci threw him out of the driver’s seat and took the wheel.  We had to get the hell out of there.  Vince got their coordinates in, so eventually help was on its way.  We dropped over a sand dune for safety and hauled our asses out of the Hummer because we knew that’s what they were aiming at.  Ricci worked his way to the top of a sandy knoll and was sending RPG’s at them as fast as he could.  We had only a little protection from that sandy bank.  Both Vince and I crawled up next to Ricci and started unloading on them.  Ricci saw it coming a split second before I did.  He spun quickly towards me and threw me to the ground with his body over the top.  As we rolled down the knoll blood was spurting all over me from the wound in Ricci’s head.”  He paused.  “You gotta excuse me for a minute.  I need to go out for a smoke.”
“You smoke, too?” questioned Andy.
“Want to join me?
Mike and Andy walked to a covered area by the motel pool that was the designated smoking area and lit up.  It was quiet for a bit when Andy turned and put her hand on Mike’s forearm.  
Mike slowly put his hand over Andy’s and looked her in the eyes.  “Ricci was in hospitals for a long time.  He did his damnest to get better, but his brain was never wired up the same afterwards.  The Air Force released him to his parents.  I came back stateside and personally took Ricci home.  His Mom and Dad are great people.  “The Riccis’ were devastated when Leon disappeared.  One day he was there and the next, gone. That was about two years ago when I received the call from them.  Leon just took off.  Since then Vince and I have been searching on and off for Ricci.  Last week I told Dr. and Mrs. Ricci what I found and agreed if I did find Leon I’d bring him home. It’s the least I can do for the guy who saved my life.”
As Andy let her hand drop she squeezed Mike’s.  “Let’s go visit Ricky before it gets too dark.”  They went back inside, finished their drinks and left The Hangar.
“Why don’t we take my Jeep, Rick will recognize it’s me and won’t get scared.  But first, can we stop by the Circle K for some more smokes?”
“Sure.  Would you like me to drive?” asked Mike.  She handed him the keys.
Mike opened the driver’s door to get in and noticed a Happy Meal in the back seat.  He asked.  “Got dinner for your kid?”
“No silly, I’m not married, and heavens, no children.  It’s Rick’s favorite.”
As they pulled out of the parking lot and headed north on Imperial Avenue Mike noticed the tan minivan tucked away in the corner of the lot.  He kept an eye on the rear view mirror and sure enough the van waited for them to turn out then started following in their direction.
He asked casually, “Do you know anyone who drives a tan Dodge Caravan?”
“No, why?”
“Well, I saw the same van today as you fed the homeless.  The van kept circling the park.  When they saw I spotted them they took off.”
“Probably a coincidence, Mike.  Lots of odd people around that park.”
“I Don’t think it’s a coincidence.”
“Why not?”
“Promise me something.”
“Ok.”
He spoke slow and calmly.  “I want you to act very casual.  Don’t turn your head too fast.  Especially now when I tell you that same minivan is following behind us.  It was in the airport lot when we left and is now six lengths back.”
“Really?”
“When I turn into the Circle K for smokes you can help me.  They’ll probably turn the corner and wait.  Just get out slowly and take your time buying the cigarettes.  That will give me time to get a good look at ‘em.”
Mike pulled into the Circle K on the right side of the main entrance.  Sure enough the Caravan pulled around the corner and stopped.  Andy got out casually and shut the door.  To Mike’s utter surprise Andy did not enter the store but quickly strode up to the van and knocked on the window.  He saw the window slide down for a few seconds then slide back up and the van took off.  Andy walked back to the car with a big smile on her face.
“There were two men in the car.  One a Mexican and the other Chinese, both in their 30’s.  License plate 5XLZM99.”
Mike tried hard to hold down his anger. “Andy, you didn’t know those people or what trouble you could have gotten into.  The world is not always a safe place.”
“I wasn’t worried.  I had you to protect me.”
“What did you ask them?”
“I just told them the Lotto was up to $290 million and they better buy their ticket right away.  Oh, that reminds me.  Gotta get my ticket and smokes.  Be right back.”
As he watched Andy walk into the Circle K he took a deep breath and held it for thirty seconds, then slowly let it out, calming his anger.
Andy returned.  “Here, I bought you a ticket, too.  Let’s get over to Rick’s.”
“Good idea.  You navigate and I’ll drive.”
“Go back out to the light and cross the highway.  Follow it to ‘N’ street and turn right.  By the way, Mike, I know this is your first day in the Valley, but you’ve got to understand something.  This is not Chicago.  We are in a small town where everybody knows everybody.  Bad things just don’t happen around here very often.”
Mike took a right down ‘N’ street.  The street, even though in the town, turned to dirt and was filled with ruts.  On either side of the street were warehouses and storage buildings.  The railroad tracks ran parallel to N Street.  After about a half mile it got real sparse.  Homes were dotted here and there and looked more like little rectangular boxes set out on the desert landscape than homes.  Some had chain link fences around them with Mexican families packed tightly into those little hovels.  Dogs barked, chickens clucked and the smell of tortillas and beans permeated the 65 degree weather.  Finally, Andy indicated a driveway where Mike should pull in.  He turned left onto the dirt driveway and turned the car off.
Rick’s place was an abandoned ramshackle house.  It reminded Mike of the thousands of shacks he’d raided in the slums of Baghdad searching out Islamic radicals. The windows were all broken, the roof falling in and the door, a blanket nailed to the inside.
“Mike, you wait here.  I need to have some time with Rick before he sees you.  He’s nervous around strangers.”  With that she grabbed the Happy Meal and went up to the front ‘door.’
She pounded on the frame.  “Knock, knock!  Rick?  Hi, it’s Andy.  I got you a ‘Happy Meal’!”
A few seconds later Rick popped his head out from one side of the blanket that served as his door and smiled.  He grabbed the Happy Meal, came outside then disappeared back into his home.
“Thanks, Andy,” she heard from inside.
“Rick, come out.”
He stepped out rummaging through the box to find his toy.  “Oh boy!  I don’t have this one!”
Andy smiled and let Rick enjoy his treasure.  Mike stared at Rick.  He was a mess.  It looked like he never took a bath as his hair was long and knotted up, his clothes tattered.  But there was no doubt in his mind, it was Leon.  Sitting patiently in the car he reached in his coat pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  He dialed Mary Ricci.
“Mary?  Hi, it’s Mike.”
“Oh Mike.  Hi.  How’s it going?”
He winced.  “Mary, you won’t believe it but I’m in my car looking at Leon.”
“Oh, Mike, really?  How is he?”
“Mary, I can tell Leon’s been through a lot, but he looks healthy.  A bath and some new clothes will help a lot.  Mary, can you do something for me?”
“Of course.”
“Well, there’s been someone, kind of like a special angel who has been looking over Leon.  Her name is Andy.  She’s with him now.  Leon doesn’t remember anything from past two years ago, so I don’t think he’ll remember me.  In a few minutes she’s going to try to introduce me to Leon.  By the way, he thinks his name is Rick, Homeless Rick.  If I get a chance, I want you to talk to him on the phone.  I’d like to see if he can recognize your voice.  Stay close to the phone, okay?”
“Sure, Mike.  I’ll be here.”  With that he hung up his cell phone and watched as Andy guided Rick towards a seat out front.
Andy stood facing Rick.  “Rick, there’s someone I want you to meet.  You know him.”
“Okay,” said Rick as he played with his toy and munched on some French fries. 
Andy made sign language for him to get out and approach.  Just before getting out, however, he took a several shots of Rick with his cell phone.  He got out of the car.
When he reached them, Andy made the introduction.  “Rick, I’d like you to meet someone.  His name is Mike.”
“Hello, Rick,” said Mike.  Rick kept rummaging through the box, refusing to make eye contact with him.
Andy grabbed Rick by the shoulders.  “Rick!  Look at Mike.”  Rick stared at Mike for awhile then went back to his Happy Meal box. 
He grabbed his hamburger and started munching on it.  “Don’t know him.”
Andy took her hands and placed them on both sides of Rick’s face. She looked him squarely in the eyes.  “RICK!  This is important.”  She spoke louder, “Look at Him.  His name is MIKE.  He was your friend.”
“Don’t know him.”  With that he moved a few feet away, took a seat in an old wobbly chair outside the front entryway and took his new toy out of its plastic wrap.
Andy turned to Mike.  “Mike.  That’s just Ricky.  You’ve got to accept him as who he is.”
“Just a minute,” said Mike.  “I’ve got an idea.”
Mike took his cell phone from his pocket and walked over to Rick.  “Rick, can I sit down here, next to you?” 
“Sure.  Just don’t touch my toy,” he said, sitting it on the rickety table in front of him.
Mike spent a few minutes sitting silently next to Rick.  He tried making small talk with him but only got an occasional ‘yes’ or ‘no.’.  After a time he reached in his pocket, pulled out his cell phone and pushed the redial for Mary.
He put the phone to his ear while Rick munched on a French fry.  “Mary, I’d like you to talk to someone.  His name is Rick.”
Mike looked at Rick.  “Rick, can I put this up to your ear?”
“Sure.  Just don’t touch my toy.”
He put the phone to Rick’s ear and let him listen.  He shouted so Mary could hear, “Mary, talk to Rick.”  About a minute went by and Rick remained still, but from the look in his eyes and the expressions on his face it told Mike some connection was being made.  First Rick smiled, and then frowned.  Tears streamed down his cheeks.  He started rocking back and forth and looked agitated.  All the time Rick never said a word, but Mike could see a lifetime of emotions on his face.  It became too much.
He took back his phone.  “Mary, thank you.  I’ll call you later.”  Mike shut the phone and put it in his pocket.
Rick stood up holding his head.  He dropped his Happy Meal and his action figure fell on the ground.  “I can’t stand it.  My head.  Andy, ANDY.”
“Yes, Rick?”  She stood up and hugged him.
He pushed her away.  “Go away.  Go away.”
“Okay, Rick.  Can we come back tomorrow?”
“Maybe.”  Rick got up and walked back towards the door while holding his head, shaking it.  While Rick was walking back Mike was sure he heard Rick utter one word over and over, Mommy.  Mommy.  Mommy.
They got in the Jeep and backed out.  He made his way over the bumps and back to Worthington Road, turned left and stopped at the streetlight on the 86.
He got up his nerve.  “Would you like to go out to dinner with me tonight?  We could talk through this.  And I don’t mean McDonalds.”
“I’m sorry, Mike, I can’t go out to dinner tonight.”
“Oh,” he said somewhat dejected.  “Okay.”
It was quiet for a bit.  When the light changed Mike took a left towards the Inn at the Airport.
Andy had been quiet but finally said with a smile on her face, “You bought lunch, why don’t I treat you to dinner?  And I have just the place.  How about a home cooked meal?  I mean, I’ve had the roast in the crock pot since eight this morning, so why waste it?  People say I’m not a bad cook.  Come to my house for dinner.  I insist.  It’s four-thirty now.  How about six-ish?”
Without hesitation Mike said, “A home cooked meal?  How could I resist.  Sounds great and we’ve got a lot to talk about.  To be honest, Andy, I’d like to get to know you better.  We started out on the wrong foot this morning.”
“Mike, you’re in California.  You look too up-tight with what you’re wearing right now.  How about you come over in blue jeans and a sweatshirt?  Come to relax.”
“Okay.”
“Now, here’s how you get to my place.  When you come back up to the Circle K, make a left.  As soon as you cross the Newside canal make a right, it’s Vance Street.  Follow it one block to Hay Street and make a left to 602 Hay Street.  It’s on the corner.  Can’t miss it.  My Jeep will be out front.”
“Got it.  Want me to bring anything?  Some wine?”
“That’d be nice.  You can go down to Vons.  They have a nice selection.”
“Vons?”
“The grocery store on Imperial.”
“Red or White?”
“You choose.”
They reached the Inn at the Airport and Andy stopped outside Mike’s room.  Mike gave her his cell phone number.  Before getting out of the car she touched Mike’s hand and said, “Thank you so much for helping Rick.  He needs to go home.  See you at six-ish.”
Andy drove off and Mike stood there shaking his head, wondering what he was getting himself into.  At the same time he saw Andy looking at him through her rear view mirror smiling.
Mike stood outside his room and pulled out his cell phone.  He searched through the phone and found the photos of Ricci then emailed them to Mary as well as to his buddy, Vince.
He called Mary Ricci.  “Mary.  Hi, it’s Mike.  Check your email.  I sent you a couple of photos of Leon.  He’s a little confused, but will probably always be that way.”
“Mike, thank you for finding him.  We know Ricky will never be normal, but we want him to have a safe and secure life.”
“I promise, I’ll get him home to you, but you’ll have to be patient, he needs some time to get to know me.  I want to give it a few days.  By then I should be able to fly him home.  If he’s too sketchy to fly, I’ll drive him.”
“Mike, how do I thank you?  Keep me posted.  I’m so excited.”
“A day at a time, Mary.”  Mike hung up and lit a smoke before going in the room.  It was then it struck him, he wasn’t bitching about the weather.  Here it was the middle of winter standing around without a jacket, temperature in the mid sixties.  Not bad down here.  He went into his room and got ready for dinner, put on blue jeans and a shirt that he decided not to tuck in, brought his black sport coat in case it got cold.
His phone rang.  “Do you like biscuits or dumplings?”
“Dumplings.”
“Ok.”  The phone disconnected.
At 5:30 he drove south to VONS Supermarket and found some Chardonnay then made his way to Andy’s.  Just as she said, when he reached the Newside canal he turned right and there was her home on the corner.  It was a tan stucco ranch with a tiled roof, about twenty-two hundred square feet, mesquite trees growing in front and a lawn of St. Augustine grass.  He arrived right on time.
‘Ding dong.’  Mike waited at the front door with wine in hand.
The door opened a crack.  “Oh, no!  You’re here!”  It was Andy, standing in her thigh-length silk robe talking to her friend on the phone.  “Got to go.  Mike’s here.”  She hung up.  “Oh, God, Mike, I’m not ready.  Come in.  Make yourself at home while I get dressed.”
With that she threw open the door and Mike came in the hallway.  The kitchen was straight ahead and to the left was the hallway that led to the bedrooms.
“The corker is in the second drawer on the right.  I’ll be right back.”
As she made her way down the hall Mike couldn’t help but notice one of the cutest little tushes he’d ever seen wiggle down the hall to the bedroom. 
 He went to the kitchen, found the opener, uncorked the bottle and took two wine glasses from the cupboard.  He hadn’t eaten a home-cooked meal in a long time and the aroma from the pot roast was overpowering his senses.  He poured the glasses then took them into the family room and sat down.  On the coffee table was an old book.  He took it and inspected it, The Winning of Barbara Worth, by Harold Bell Wright.  Inscribed was an autograph from the author, To my best friend Alexander Holmes.  Sometimes we’re all in the Hollow of God’s Hand.
Andy returned.  She was wearing blue jeans and a tight v-neck sweater that did a nice job of showing off her breasts and thin waist. It almost took his breath away. ‘Calm down, Mike’ he thought.  ‘This is just dinner.’
Andy entered the living room.  “Sorry I wasn’t ready.  Oh, you found the corkscrew.”  Mike handed Andy a glass of wine.  
A big smile came over her face.  “Thank you!  Let’s make a toast!  To our mutual friend Ricci.”
“To Ricci!”  They clinked glasses and took a sip.
 “I see you were looking at the book.  My grandfather was good friends with the author, Harold Bell Wright.  His book was written in the early nineteen hundreds and is the only novel ever written about the valley.  It tells how the Colorado River was diverted, transforming the desert to farmland.  It’s a love story that made him very popular.  Actually, he was the first American author to make over a million dollars on a book.  They even made it into a silent movie with Gary Cooper.   You’ll see streets and everything with references to the book here in the valley.  It’s a little bit of their claim to fame.”
She picked up her glass.  “Oh, I love Chardonnay.  Nice choice, Mike.”  She took a sip, put the wine glass down and went into the kitchen and started the dumplings in the pot.
“Dinner’ll be in about fifteen minutes,” she announced.  “Want to go for a smoke?”
“Sure.”
“Don’t smoke in the house.  We’ll use the patio out back.”
They went out the sliding glass door to the concrete covered patio and lit up.  While the front yard was seeded and had trees, the back yard was about three quarters of an acre of desert.  Water, always a premium, was not needed in the back.  Andy explained later that their water came from the canal across the street.  She had an underground sprinkling system that took care of the front yard.  Mike looked out back and saw the entire area was fenced with six foot high cedar boards.  Near the rear was another building.
“What’s the building out back?”
“Oh, that’s my workshop where I repair antiques and build things.”
“You like woodworking?”
“You betcha.  I’ve got some really cool tools, too.  Like a two thousand dollar planer/joiner, a Dewalt radial, a circular saw, things like that.” 
Mike was impressed.  They came back in the house.
“Let me show you around.”  Andy picked up her wine glass with one hand and grabbed Mike’s hand with the other.
“Here’s the dining room,” she pointed out, “and here’s the living room,” dragging Mike along, “and this is the family room.  I love my flat screen TV.  Here’s my office.  Let’s go down the hall.  The study is here on the left, the main bath is there if you need it, here’s the guest bedroom, and the one on the right is my room.  Walk-in closet, see?  And here’s the master bath.  I really love my home.”
“It’s very nice,” commented Mike.  As they were walking back toward the kitchen area Mike noticed a wall of photos mounted in the hall.  Andy kept walking to the kitchen but Mike paused to look at them.  There were photos of mountains, snow, horses, a ranch.  There were photos of Andy, probably ten years prior, modeling a very expensive outfit.  He looked more closely at the photo when it hit him, ‘Ok.  I get it.  She’s really a blonde!’
“Mike?  Where are you?”
“In the hall looking at your photos.”
“Could you pour me another glass of wine?”
“Be right there.”  Mike wanted to look more at the pictures but decided he would do it with Andy after dinner.  As he walked to the kitchen he noticed how feminine the house was decorated and the thought made him smile, ‘no man has ever lived here.’
He poured the wine as Andy put the food on the table.  They sat down and enjoyed a delicious meal.  It had been months since Mike had a home-cooked meal.  As they were eating Andy was full of questions.  She never really stopped talking except to swallow her food.
“Tell me about Rick’s family,” she asked.  “Was he married?  Did he have kids?  How long was he in the service?  What do his folks do?”
Mike put the fork down and raised his hand.  “Slow down.”
Over the next fifteen minutes Mike told her everything he knew about Sergeant Ricci including what he knew about Doctor Ricci and his wife.
After Mike finished telling what he knew of Sergeant Ricci, Andy moved right on to the next subject.
“Tell me about your family,” she asked, “Are you married?  Do you have kids?  How long were you in the service?”
Mike poured the last of the Chardonnay in their glasses.  “I spent over twenty years in Air Force Intelligence and with a career like that didn’t have much time to worry about marriage or a family.  I led a pretty dangerous life in the military, so, no I’ve never married.  It’s been a long time since I was serious about anyone.  I always made sure I was safe, especially in today’s world.  When I checked out of the military I had a clean bill of health.”
Mike spent another fifteen minutes telling Andy about himself, and then concluded.  “I got out of the military last year, retired so to speak, and though I’ve been offered a good job at the CIA, I’m not ready to go back into government.  Besides my retirement, I earn money by investigating kidnappings, petty crimes and spend a lot of time chasing down deadbeat dads who’ve tried to skip out on their child support.”
While he was telling her this she got up and started doing the dishes.  He was enjoying the profile.
“I have something you may enjoy,” she said.  “Reach up in the cabinet above the fridge and pull out the bottle of Port.  It’s my favorite from up in Julian.”
“Julian?”
“It’s about an hour from here, in the mountains.  Probably snowing up there this time of the year.”
Mike uncorked the Port and Andy brought out two small glasses.
“Dishes done,” she said.  “Let’s sit in the family room.”
Mike had been waiting patiently for Andy to tell him about her, but she was not forthcoming, so he took the lead.  “First, Andy, I’m curious about something.”
As he said this he led her to the photo gallery on the wall.  “Tell me about you.  Did I see you were a model once?  And there has to be a story around that photo of the black bear.”
“Ok, Mike.  I just don’t like talking about myself.  My mom and dad are still alive and well in Colorado.  Dad owns a cattle ranch.  He met Mom in Vail skiing.  Mom was a New York model, that’s her picture, there.”  She pointed to a black and white photo of a very beautiful twenty-something lady.
“Mom and Dad fell in love, and Mom fell in love with Colorado.  She was very famous at that time but really hated the big city.  She was born in a small town in Upstate New York and the city wasn’t for her.  After marrying Dad and moving to Colorado she opened a modeling studio in Denver and did real well by it.  The cattle ranch has been in Dad’s family since before the turn of the 20th century.”
“The bear photo?”
“That was the first black bear I killed.  It was with my Uncle Bill.  He was a big Air Force dude.  He’s retired now and works for the FBI.”
“The horse?”
“I bred Arabians when I lived on the ranch.”
“Those look like mean rapids.”
“My friends and I went white water rafting every spring.”
“The sailboat?”
“I lived on it for awhile in Newport Harbor.”
“What about the modeling?  Please tell me more.”
“That’s a little tougher,” said Andy, suddenly quiet.
Mike replied.  “Andy, let’s take our wine to the family room.”
“Okay.”
Mike, sensing her discomfort chose to change the subject.  They sipped some more port and discussed Sergeant Ricci.  How Mike was to get to know him better before attempting to take him home.  Their plan was to see Rick in the morning and spend time with him at his place, surroundings familiar to Ricci.  Mike agreed to come by around ten and they’d go from Andy’s house.  He poured Andy another glass of port.
She continued, “My Dad wanted me to go to college in Denver, but I wanted to get away to the west coast.  I got accepted to UCI, University of California, Irvine.  It had a good business school.  Dad owned a condo nearby and for my graduation, gifted it to me.  I wanted to fend for myself so I fell back on what I knew so well, modeling.  Growing up, I was always at Mom’s school.  I even taught modeling to high school girls.  I helped pay for college expenses by being a runway model in Orange County.
“During my last year of college I met Richard and we fell in love.  We got engaged and planned our marriage.  We both had a love of antiques so we started a business by opening a shop in Orange County.  I sold my condo for the cash we needed to start the business and moved into my fiancée’s boat in Newport Harbor.”
“There’s only one picture of you with a man your age.  Was that your fiancée?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t mean to pry, so you don’t have to answer, but what happened?  Did you ever get married?”
“No.”
“Okay.”
“I don’t mind telling you, it’s just a hard memory.  The business took off, and we had so much fun travelling around the world buying and selling antiques.  I really loved Richard.   His name was Richard Lyons.  Our business was named Lyons and Holmes Antiques, still is today.  Our store is the most popular antique shop in Orange County.  The wedding date was set.  Richard was coming home late one night from an estate sale held earlier that day in the San Francisco area.  It was a hit and run.  He was hit from behind, lost control of the car and went over the cliff.  Richard was killed. We think it was a drunk.  It’s been more than four years, Mike.  Since that time I’ve not seen anyone.  Like you, I’m conscious about my health and lead a clean life.”
“I’m sorry about your fiancée.”
Andy moved closer to Mike and patted his leg above the knee.  “It’s ok.  Ever since then my business has consumed my time and, well, it is what it is.”
They sat quietly in the dim lit room for a few minutes when Andy noticed a small yawn come from Mike.
She jumped up.  “Oh my God.  It’s late and you’re two hours later.  You have to go.”
 She leaned forward and before Mike could react she put both hands on his face, pulled him forward and gave him a quick, but complete kiss on the lips.
Suddenly Mike was on his feet and being ushered out the door.  “See you tomorrow at ten.  Come and I’ll have coffee ready.  Goodnight.”  The next thing he knew he was on the front porch, heard the door lock and the front light turned off.
‘I think that means goodnight’ he thought.  On the way to the motel his head was spinning and it wasn’t from the alcohol.
Andy turned the lights off and pushed Mike out the door, locking it when he was out.  She backed herself against the door and in the dark closed her eyes and took a deep breath.  She heard Mike drive off.  After about five minutes of resting very still without moving she turned and made her way to the bedroom.  As she stood in front of the mirror brushing her teeth she spoke to herself, ‘You’ve tucked those feelings away for four years.  Gee, wasn’t it fun making conversation with a man again?’
There was one last thing Mike had to do.  He dialed Andy’s home.
“Andy, I forgot to thank you for that meal.  It’s the most delicious meal I’ve had in months.  Thank you.”
“You’re welcome, and thanks for the Chardonnay.”
Ten minutes later Mike was in the hotel room.  He got on the internet and, being the intelligence person he was did a search on Richard Lyons.  It all checked out.  Mike also got a good look at the Holmes Ranch, at least ten thousand head of cattle.  She was right about her antique shop, lots of articles about it in the Orange County Daily and LA Times.  Hollywood types liked shopping there.
He lay in bed awake, unable to sleep.  It had been a very long day.  Been a success.  Found Sergeant Ricci.  He kept thinking of how to plan the next two days to get Ricci home, but he couldn’t.  All he could think about was meeting Andy.  He respected her independence and strength, her altruistic side for helping the homeless, her entrepreneurial skills for running her own business. He fell asleep with Andy’s image bouncing in his mind.
Chapter 4


Tuesday

Mike woke up before sunrise, jumped out of bed, put on his sweats, was out the door in three minutes and did a five mile run.  ‘Really need this,’ he thought.  Came back, showered and headed to the front desk for his ‘complimentary’ breakfast.  He managed to pour four cups of coffee in the cheap Styrofoam containers and stuffed a couple of Danish in his pockets.  Outside the main entrance was a newspaper box where he purchased the Imperial Valley Daily. When he first woke the sun was not yet up so the temperature was in the mid 30’s.  While running he watched a most beautiful sunrise come up from the east.  It reminded him of his desert days.  By the time it was seven the temperature had risen to the mid 50’s and the quickie weather forecast on his iPhone showed a high of 75 today.  No clouds.  For grins he looked at the weather history of Imperial and discovered they had 340 days of sunshine.  Nice.  Snow in Arlington Heights.  He pulled a chair from inside his room to the porch, sat down and enjoyed his mini-breakfast outdoors.  By the third cup of coffee and cigarette he was awake.  He pulled out the paper and started with the front page.  Like a lot of small town papers the front page was dominated with High School sports and local special interest items.
His cell phone rang. It announced, unknown caller.
“Mike speaking”
“Mike?  Hi.”
“Who’s this?”
“It’s Janet.  Janet Vasquez,” said a sexy voice.  “Imperial Daily, remember me?”
“Yes!  Hi, Janet.  How could I forget you?  Before you begin I’d like to thank you for helping me yesterday.  I got to meet Andy and later in the afternoon she took me to Ricci.  I was going to call you later today, what can I do for you?”
“Have you read this mornings’ paper?”
“Just opened it up and found that Brawley High School won something called the Bell from El Centro High School.  Guess it’s a big deal.”
“Mike.  I was on the night beat last night.  I want you to read one of my articles.”
“Where is it?
“Page A7.”
“Call you right back.”  He opened the paper to A7 and found it.

Man Found in Central Main Canal
By STAFF WRITER Janet Vasquez

The body of an unidentified middle age man was discovered early this morning in the Central Main Canal near Brawley.  IID (Imperial Irrigation District) workers discovered the body while opening a canal for irrigation.  The Imperial County Sheriff found no identification on the man and is asking if anyone has knowledge of a missing person to contact them immediately.  Inquiries should be made to the Imperial County Sheriff’s Department.  “It appears to be either an accidental drowning or suicide,” said Imperial County Sheriff Dennis Perez.

 Mike called Janet back. “Ok, Janet.  I read it.”
“Mike, I was at the scene.  It was late and I had to rush it to press, but I saw the body and know who it is.  It’s Homeless Rick.  The police are calling it an accidental drowning.  They know it’s a homeless guy so they won’t put a lot of time or effort into it.  You can help them by identifying the body and letting them know if Homeless Rick has any next of kin.”
“I can’t believe it,” said Mike.  “I just saw him yesterday afternoon.  Something doesn’t feel right about this.”
“Yeah, I know.  That’s why I called you.”
“Look, Janet, I need to tell this to Andy face to face.  She had a real connection with Ricci.  I’ll also talk to the Imperial County Sheriff.”
“Thanks, Mike.”
“Janet, I owe you on this one.”
“Ok.  How about lunch?”
“I’ll call you.  Bye”
 He disconnected the call and immediately called Andy.  He tried to sound cheery.  “Good morning.”
“Hi.  What makes you call so early.  You still coming at 10?”
“Do you mind if I come over now?”
“Well, if you promise not to make fun of me in my flannel PJ’s with feet in them.”
“Promise.”
“Okay, come on over.  I’ll put on a fresh pot of coffee.  You can find me on the front porch.  Most mornings I wake up with coffee, a smoke and do my crossword puzzle out here.”
Mike showered and shaved, put on his jeans and polo shirt and was out the door in less than fifteen minutes.  He pulled into Andy’s driveway ten minutes later.
“What’s a four letter word for ‘a game of chance’?”
“KENO.”
“Thanks.  Let me get you your coffee.” She filled in the puzzle, put it down and went inside to fetch their coffee.
While Mike was waiting on the front porch he noticed movement from a house two doors down across the street.  Someone was waving at him from his porch.  He looked closer then waved back, smiling.  It was Hollywood.
She reappeared with two mugs of hot coffee.  “One cream with two Splendas, right?”
“Perfect.  How’d you know?”
“McDonalds, yesterday, remember?  Why here so early?  Sounded like you wanted to talk to me about something.”
“I got a call from Janet Vasquez this morning.”
Her forehead furrowed.  “How do you know that little slut?”
“Janet?  I didn’t tell you.  That’s how I found you.  I was looking all over for an antique shop, never thinking it was CurioCity, so in frustration I went to the newspaper, to the reporter who did the Homeless Rick story and she told me where you were.  Funny, though, she led me to believe Andy Holmes was a gay guy.”
“Janet thinks all the guys just fall over her.”
“Listen, Andy.  This is serious.  There’s a reason I’m here so early, and it’s the reason Janet called me.”
“What is it?”
He opened the paper and had Andy read the article.  When she was finished he could see the same reaction he had earlier.  A drowning.  Happens all the time.  With fifteen thousand miles of open canals the chances are pretty good someone’s going to fall in sometime, and with the swift undercurrents even a strong swimmer would have trouble surviving.
Mike began slowly.  “Andy, the reason Janet called was to tell me she was at the scene last night.  She saw the body.”  He paused and looked Andy in the eyes.  “It was Rick.”
Andy got very solemn, became quiet and tensed up.  She reached for her coffee and spilling it, quickly stood up. With tears in her eyes she turned and opened the door.  Mike could hear her say, barely audible, first Richard and now Rick.  He followed Andy into the kitchen where she was in front of the sink looking for a sponge.  Mike grabbed her shoulders and turned her to him.  There, in front of the sink he put his arms around her, consoling her by lightly rubbing her back and neck.  Andy put her arms around Mike’s waist and tucked her head on his shoulder.  He placed his hand on her head and stroked her beautiful red hair giving comfort.  After a few minutes she moved away.
Mike grabbed the sponge.  “I’ll clean up the mess.  Meet you outside.”
He left her alone.  She needed time.  Mike sat on the porch, smoking, drinking his coffee and thinking a lot about the recent events.  He picked up the crossword puzzle and finished it.  It seemed like a lot of time went by and Andy still had not come out.  He gave it another ten minutes and decided he better check to make sure she was okay, so went inside to look for her.  He looked through the kitchen, living room, office.  All was quiet in the front section of the house so he turned down the hall and looked into the bedrooms.  He hesitated a little going in the master bedroom, but decided to look anyhow.  He looked at her bed and it was empty and unmade so he ventured further into the room and took a look in the walk-in closet.  Coming up empty he ventured a peek into the master bath.  There Mike was mesmerized as he caught a side glimpse of Andy’s beautiful naked body opening the shower door and stepping into the steaming hot water.  Her beauty made him pause.  He felt a little embarrassed about seeing her naked so he ducked back before she could see him staring at her.  He retreated onto the porch, his memory forever etched with that snapshot of her beauty.
Soon Andy came out, dressed with make-up on and smiling.  “I feel better.  Just had to clean up.  You ready for the breakfast I promised you?  Let’s have a smoke, then I’ll go in and make it.  Bacon and eggs okay with you?”
“Perfect.”
As they sat there and had a smoke Andy reached over to Mike.  “There’s something wrong here.  I know all about Rick and his habits.  He is very territorial.  He hangs around Imperial and ventures south to his dumpsters behind Applebee’s and Food for Less.  He also dives in the dumpster at your motel.  That’s it.  Rick would never wander west of La Brucherie Street and would never go as far as Brawley.  Imperial and El Centro are the only places you would ever find Rick.”
“I kind of thought so,” said Mike, “and wanted to talk with you about this, but let’s save it for after breakfast.”
“I’ll put on the bacon.”
After breakfast Andy told Mike all she knew about Rick and his habits.  His entire life centered around a routine.  Monday was housecleaning, Tuesday to the dumpsters and down to the park in El Centro, Wednesday was The Circle K with Skeeter the Greeter, etc.
Mike knew about routines.  It was all wrong.  Sergeant Ricci got involved in something and it got him killed.  Mike vowed to find out who, what, when and how.  And get due revenge.
“Andy, on the way over I called the Imperial County Sheriff’s Department and talked with Sheriff Perez.”
“I know Dennis.  He’s a neighbor two blocks down.”
“I told him who I was and why I’m here.  He was glad to know Ricci had a next of kin.  I have to visit the Coroner’s Office in El Centro later today and I.D. the remains.”
“Not without me.  I’m going, too.”
“I thought you’d say that.  Sure, but be prepared, it won’t be pleasant.  But before we go there, I first need to stop by Ricci’s place.  It’s time I did a little nosing around.  Let me drive.”
They took the Mustang and left Andy’s Jeep in the garage.  When they got to Ricci’s shack Mike stopped out front.  He went to the trunk of the car and pulled out a three thousand dollar Canon EOS 7D digital SLR camera and strapped it over his shoulder.  He had Andy walk behind him and before entering the yard, inspected the ground.  There he noted several sets of footprints in the sand and some tire tread markings.  He took photos of everything.  Next they walked into Rick’s shack.
“Ricky did not live like this,” Andy said.  “Ricky would never allow anyone to touch his shopping cart, and there it is, empty and turned over in the dirt.”
“Someone ransacked this place, Andy.  All his black plastic bags are torn open.  Could Ricky have gone berserk after meeting me and listening to his mom?  He had a bad headache, remember?  I didn’t tell you, but Ricci has a big metal plate in his head.”
“No, Mike.  Homeless Rick didn’t have an aggressive bone in his body.”
“I agree.  Doesn’t fit his M.O.  Somebody did this to him.  We’ll have Sheriff Perez check it out with his people.”
“Don’t look for too much, Mike.  This is a small town.  Not a lot of resources devoted to finding out the death of some homeless guy.”
Andy was right, this wasn’t top on anyone’s list, except his. As he took more photos of the interior he became angrier and angrier.  The sadness he saw in Andy’s face pained him.  ‘Ricci’s angel thinks she failed him’ he thought.
“Andy, I promise you, I will find out who did this and when I do, they will regret ever touching Ricci.  Let’s go.  I’ve seen enough.”  They got in the car and drove to the County Morgue.
“I feel the coldness of death in this place.  Hold my hand, Mike,” she said as they slid open the stainless steel cabinet containing Ricci’s body.  It was Ricci, no doubt.
“Mike, take me out of here.”  Mike took her out and set her on a bench.  Dennis was there and he signed the necessary paperwork.
“Sheriff Perez,” Mike said, “I’ve done a lot of work like this in the military and there are just too many things that point to something other than an accidental drowning.  You know Andy.  Could you talk to her about Ricci and see if you come to the same conclusion?”
“I’d be happy to,” he replied.
Mike thought of something.  “Sheriff, there was a vehicle circling around Sixth street park yesterday.  Let me give you the plate number.”
Sheriff Perez spent the next half hour in his office with Andy.  When he came out he spoke to Mike.  “You’re right.  I’m convinced we need to keep this case open as a possible homicide, or at least manslaughter.”
“Thank you.  Sheriff, if you don’t mind, I’ll call Ricci’s parents right now and inform them.  It should come from me and not you.”  Mike did the awful task and called Ricci’s mom.  When he was done he handed the phone to Sheriff Perez who made the arrangements with Mary to send Leon home.
Before retrieving Andy from the Sheriff’s office Mike made one last call.  “Hollywood, Hi, it’s Mike.  Yeah, what a coincidence, you living across from Andy.  Look, somethings’ going on here.  I don’t have much time but let me fill you in on what’s happened since I saw you Sunday.”
Chapter 5


Andy needed time alone and asked to be dropped off at the shop.  Mike decided to do some looking around on his own and agreed to pick her up late afternoon.  The first thing Mike did was drive around the park.  Surprisingly, there were very few homeless hanging around.  He looked for the tan minivan but had no luck spotting it.  He pulled into the McDonalds parking lot, the same one that cost him over two hundred dollars yesterday, ordered a coffee and sat down with his laptop.  
McDonalds had free Wi-Fi and he needed to get some info to Vince.  He let Vince know what had happened and sent all the details he could to him, including the license plate number Andy had retrieved last night and the description of the van.  He also sent photos of Ricci along with some detailed photos of the tire tracks found outside Ricci’s shack.  He closed up his laptop and called Janet.  He left a message on her voicemail.  A few minutes later Janet called back.
“Hi Mike, what’s up?”
“Janet, we’ve been to the morgue and identified Ricci.  I also informed his parents.  The police are going to keep the case open, suspicion of homicide or manslaughter.  I was wondering, can you give me directions to where they found Ricci?  I’d like to look around myself.”
“Mike, if you can wait an hour I’ll take you there.”
“Thanks, but I don’t have a lot of time.”  With that she gave him the location.  He could tell she sounded disappointed.
“I promise, Janet, I’ll keep you updated.  Thanks again for your help.”
Looking at the directions he wrote on a McDonalds napkin, Mike headed west on Main, like yesterday, and soon was at Austin, a north-south street that ran to Brawley.  It was a two lane road.  All along the east side of the road was the Central Main canal.  It was wide and fast-moving.  After about five miles the area became very sparse with nothing but hay fields on either side of the road and a few farmhouses here and there.  Along the road Mike was amazed to see all the haystacks. They were piled in a rectangular fashion about twelve to fifteen feet high, twelve feet wide and fifty feet long.  Over the top of some of them were tarps protecting the bales helping the stacks dry out.  In the space of a mile Mike counted over fifty of these massive cubes.  When he arrived at the place Janet told him, he pulled over and got out.  On each side of the canal was dry, dusty dirt.  It made footprints clear to see in the sand.  He saw where there had been a lot of commotion and walked down to investigate.  Ricci’s body apparently got stuck in one of the gates that controlled the irrigation water to a farm field.  The whole system was gravity fed and water in the canals ran fast and deep.
The water in this canal ran north, towards Brawley.  Mike walked south taking his time to look at the prints on the ground.  There was evidence of a lot of commercial vehicles with numerous tractor tire treads and semis in the sand.  About three hundred feet south of the point where they found Ricci, Mike saw some different tread marks.  They looked familiar, like the ones in Ricci’s driveway.  He took out his camera and photographed them.
He stood there a while, smoking and looking over the entire scene, soaking it all in.  Besides the distant sound of a tractor plowing a field, nothing else was out here.  Not one car on the road.  Just a lonely highway running through the fields.  Mike was pretty sure what happened.  Ricci was brought out here and unloaded into the canal.  If his hunch was right it was the same vehicle, the one he saw yesterday, the one that was following them last night and the same one at Ricci’s.  Ricci was murdered.  He didn’t know why.  Was it some sick-o group ‘offing’ homeless people for the fun of it?  It really puzzled Mike because he could see no motive at all.  He thought of this as he drove back to the hotel room.  Mike took a minute to send the additional photo of the car tread to Vince.  He also asked him to nose around for any past intel agents who might live in the area in case he needed assistance.  When he checked his inbox he found a note from Vince.

From:  Vince V
To:    Mike Foley
Subj:  DMV Check
Mike, Plates belong to a 2003 White Dodge Caravan, 234 Surf Street, Costa Mesa, CA.  Plates reported stolen two weeks ago.  Dead end on that one.  At least you know they don’t want to be found out.  Watch your backside good buddy.

Mike headed out to pick up Andy, resolved he would find out why Sergeant Ricci was murdered. And who murdered him.  He owed that to Leon as well as Dr. and Mrs. Ricci.
On the way over he called Dad and filled him in.  “Dad, I’ll probably be here a few days.  Gotta solve this one, not only for Ricci, but for Andy, who really tried to take care of him.”
“Son, is she cute?”  Dad didn’t miss a beat, even at his age.
“Adorable.  Hey Dad!  Tell me a good blonde joke.”
“Shit son, a blonde?  You don’t know what you’re getting yourself into.  Better come home quick!”
“Very funny, Pop.”
Dad told Mike a joke and hung up.
Andy busied herself while Mike was gone, and seemed in a happier mood when he picked her up.  As he watched her bounce her way to the car he had to smile at how much alive she was.  He was amazed at how her conversations jumped from subject to subject like a bee to different flowers, how she had really caught him by surprise yesterday, sometimes angering him, sometimes pissing him off and at other times just plain confusing him.  One thing was clear to Mike, even though she acted like a dumb blonde, she was really a very intelligent woman.  And he kind of liked it.  Kept him on his toes.  Something he was not used to.
When Andy got in the car he couldn’t resist.
“Andy, I’ve got to tell you a story.”
“Okay.”  Mike began.  “A blonde and a redhead went into the bar for a drink, and sat on stools watching the six o’clock news.  A man was shown threatening to jump from the tenth story of an office building.  The blonde bet the redhead fifty dollars that he wouldn’t jump.  Sure enough the man jumped, so the blonde gave the redhead fifty dollars.
‘I can’t take this, you’re my friend,’ the redhead said
But the blonde insisted saying, ‘No. A bet is a bet.’
Then the redhead confessed, ‘Listen, I have to tell you the truth.  I saw this happen on the five o’clock news, so I can’t take your money.’
The blonde replied, ‘Well so did I, but I didn’t think he’d do it a second time!’
“I don’t get it.” said Andy.  Mike smiled and just shook his head.  Dad could tell a joke much better than he could.
“Andy, we still have a lot to talk about.  Would you like to have a meal with me tonight?  How about at my hotel?  I understand The Hangar serves a good meal.”
“I’d like that.  Don’t feel like cooking.  Okay.  How about Seven?”
“Seven it is.”  Mike drove up to Andy’s house.  The tract she lived in was one where the mail was delivered to boxes on the street corner and often neighbors congregated to talk local gossip.  Andy saw her next door neighbor at the mailbox.
She pointed.  “Mike, pull up to the mailbox.  There’s my neighbor, Ginger.  Let me introduce you to her.”   Mike looked up and saw Ginger, a very attractive tall blonde, several years older than Andy.  He could tell she worked out because her muscles were well defined.
“Mike, meet Ginger.  She’s my karate instructor.  I learned karate and kick boxing from her.  She owns the studio down from my store.”
“Hi, Ginger, nice to meet you.  Listen, Andy, I’ve got to go.  I’ll pick you up at seven.”
“Bye.”  She blew an imaginary kiss at him and waved as he drove away.
Mike left the women at the mailbox and headed towards his hotel.  He stopped at the Circle K for some cigarettes and a cup of coffee.  When he got back in his car his cell phone was blaring away on the front seat next to him.
“Mike, here.”
“Mike.  Oh my God.  Mike!  Where are you?  Mike are you there?”
“Calm down, Andy.  Calm down and tell me what’s wrong?”
“God, Mike, you won’t believe it.  Shit.  Shit.  Shit.”
She continued, her voice shaky but angry at the same time.  “Mike, they tore up my house.  It’s a mess. There’s things spilled everywhere.”
“Andy.  Listen.  Do not go in your home.”  Silence.  “Andy, are you there?”
“Yes, Mike.”
“Andy, promise me that you will not go back in the house.”
“I promise.”
Mike was there in less than two minutes.  He screeched into the driveway and to his relief Andy was waiting for him out front.  He was out of his car in a second, his .38 readied as he ran up to Andy.
“Andy, someone could still be in there, especially if you surprised them.  Let me search out the house first.”  Mike opened the front door and worked his way through the house.  Empty.  Things were thrown everywhere, tables overturned, and drawer contents all over the floor.  Even items from the fridge were spilled on the kitchen floor.
He motioned for Andy to join him.  When she was next to him she looked over the contents of her home spilled on the floor and shuddered.
“I feel violated,” she said, and she began to shake.  “Mike, this really pisses me off!  I’ve got a shotgun and damn it, I’m not afraid to use it.  What the hell is going on here?”
“Andy, bad things do happen in small towns.  I’ll call the Sheriff’s Office.”
Sheriff Perez rushed over to personally inspect the property and agreed to put on an extra patrol overnight.  Perez explained to Mike how over the past year the subdivision was having trouble with angry Mexican teenagers.  Just last spring they had tagged the neighborhood signs and fences with blue spray paint that cost the homeowners association over three thousand dollars to fix.  He was convinced that it was the same group that did this, especially because Andy was on the corner and was, of course, the most vocal.  
Mike wasn’t so sure of that.
The police left and Andy called her housekeeper.  “Erma, be sure to bring your husband and daughter to help.  Yes, I’ll pay double.  Come now.  I can’t stand the mess.”
Mike continued to look around.  Andy checked everywhere.  Nothing appeared to have been stolen.
“Andy, they were looking for something.  Do you know what it is?”
“I’ve got no idea.”
“Andy, it ain’t no teenage Mexicans.  The same people who ransacked Ricci’s place did this to you.  It’s clear to me.  What they didn’t find at his place they thought they’d find here.  Think about it, okay?”
“I will, Mike, but not right now.  Let’s get out of here.  Dinner would be great.  I’d like to leave now.”
Before leaving Mike took a look in the garage.  Her Jeep was sitting there untouched.  That made him suspicious.  Why would they tear the house apart and not search the Jeep.  Then it came to him.  He opened the front door and popped the hood.  He looked through the engine compartment.  Satisfied, he shut the hood.  Next he went under the car.  Nothing.  Finally, he looked under the seats and then in the wheel well.  There it was, in the wheel well behind the spare tire, a GPS tracking device.
Mike looked around the garage and found a pair of latex gloves used for painting.  He put them on and carefully inspected the GPS device.  Pretty high tech.  An idea came to him.
“Andy, you do a lot of shipping, right?”
“Sure, Mike, why?”
“I found this under your car.  Do you have a FedEx box and some bubble wrap that we can ship this in?
“I’ll get you some.”
After inspecting the device Mike carefully wrapped it and addressed the package to Vince.  If there were any prints, he’d get them.
“We can leave now.  Tell you what, you follow me in your Jeep.”
They took off with Andy in tail.  The cleaning lady had a key and would be over in less than a half an hour.  Ten minutes later they arrived at FedEx on the outskirts of the airport.  Mike had Andy park her Jeep out front.  He took the package into the counter and paid to have it shipped.
“About what time will it leave Imperial?” he inquired.
“Leaves out of here around ten,” the counter clerk said.
“Ok.  That’s delivery before ten tomorrow with signature required.  Thanks.”
Mike left the building and walked over to Andy who was sitting in her Jeep.
“Hop out and lock it up.”
“Why am I leaving my car here?”
“Tell you when you get in my car.  I’m hungry, let’s eat.”
They got in the car and Mike started laughing.  It was the first time she really heard him laugh.  He could hardly stop, and it made her smile. 
“But I don’t get it,” she said after he calmed down.
He explained the joke. “You see, they’re tracking your car. The device gives the approximate location, within fifty feet, so they feel safe that your car is parked here. The Jeep will be sitting there until ten tonight when it will suddenly get up, rise ten thousand feet and fly east!  God, that’s funny.  Andy, this’ll get whoever’s tracking us.  When the GPS takes off on that plane they’ll realize instead of sitting in your Jeep they’ll be tracking the GPS package to CIA headquarters at Langley Air Force Base.  It’ll arrive about ten tomorrow morning.  Now they’ll understand who the hell they’re messing with.”
They laughed together all the way to Imperial Avenue.
“Before dinner I need to make one more stop.  Does this town have a Radio Shack or Best Buy?”
“Both.  Radio Shack is closer.”
“Radio Shack is fine.  Get me there.”  Mike was in the store for about ten minutes and came out with a bag of stuff.  He put it in the trunk.
The Hangar was a cozy place, one locals liked to frequent.  The place reminded him of the many local establishments that existed in the various neighborhoods in Chicago, like Duffy’s in Alsip.  A place where people could have a good meal and drinks and not get ripped off.  Most people knew each other.  Andy knew the bartender, Tony.  As they were sitting there Tony came over and chatted with the both of them.  Later Pedro came in with his wife, Lilly.
Andy immediately rose and went to Lilly, giving her a big hug.  “Mike, this is Lilly.  Lilly comes into the shop all the time.  I sold her an antique fireplace mantle for half of what I should have.”
“Nice to meet you, Lilly,” said Mike shaking her hand.  “And good to see you again, Pedro.”
“How’d you know each other?” asked Andy.
“We met here, in the bar the other night,” said Mike.
“Well, what a small world!”
At that Andy and Lilly started chatting about antiques and all types of things.  Mike and Pedro were left standing there.
Mike thought of something.  “Pedro, let me buy you a beer.  I’ve got an idea I’d like to bounce off of you.”
They went to the bar and ordered drinks, looked over and saw the two ladies chatting away not caring about dinner or anything else in the world.
“There are some things going on down here that I don’t like,” said Mike.  “Pedro, I think its underworld.  Maybe mafia, I don’t know.”
“Whoa!  Slow down.  What are you talking about?”
Mike gave Pedro a thumbnail resume of him then explained what was happening in Imperial.
“Shit, man.”
“Look, Pedro, this is need to know stuff, but maybe you can help me.  That’s why I’m telling you this, but you’ve got to keep it quiet.”
“Mike, I can promise you that.  I did Army for six years, you can trust me. What do you want?”
“You and Lilly work at two of the largest prisons in California.  Prisoners are well connected to their friends on the street, especially today with cell phones and computers.  They also have nothing to do but talk about what’s happening on the outside.  I’d just like you to keep an ear close to the ground for me.  See if you can help put some of the pieces of the puzzle together.  I need to be able to make some connections.  Think you can help?”
“Be glad to.  I’ll also talk to Lilly about it.  She works at the other prison.”
“That’d be great.  Thanks, Pedro.  Let’s get the girls and go eat.”  They exchanged cell numbers and rejoined the ladies.
Mike and Andy found a table and settled in for a nice meal and conversation.  
“Mike, I’m so glad to be away from the house tonight.  I feel so violated.  I feel safe with you here.”  They ordered drinks and the special for the evening, prime rib of beef.  Andy looked at Mike. “Tell me about your family.”
“I’m the oldest of three.  My brother is thirty-six, two years younger than me.  Like Dad, he’s a cop. Not married, but serious with a nice gal, just can’t pull the trigger. Sis is the youngest, an elementary school teacher in the burbs, has three children with the fourth in the cooker.  Dad’s Irish mostly, Mom’s Italian.  She had a brain aneurism last year that killed her instantly.  When I retired I came back to the Chicago area to keep an eye on Dad until he got over Mom.  Pop’s a real character, a stereotypical south side Chicago Irish cop.  Hangs out in several bars.  His favorite’s Duffy’s Dump.  They all know him there.  Anyone wants to hear a joke, ask Sergeant Foley, he’ll tell you one.”
Dinner arrived and they continued the conversation, both of them talking about family and friends.  After dinner they were having coffee and enjoying each others’ company when Andy’s cell phone rang.
“This is Desert Security, Ms. Holmes.  The alarm has gone off at the store.  Police have been dispatched.  No indications of entry, however.  You will need to reset the alarm.”
“Okay.  Thank you.”
Mike looked confused.  “What’s up, Andy?”
“Someone just tried to break into the shop.  We got to go.”
Mike paid the bill and they were out in less than five minutes.  On the way Mike spoke the obvious.  “You know it’s the same people.”
“Yes, and it scares me.”  
“Keep thinking about what I asked earlier.  There’s some connection between Ricci, you and them.”
They arrived and the El Centro police were waiting outside.  The officer pointed out the jimmy marks on the door but assured her that no one had been able to enter.  They would finger print it.  Besides being locked, none of the motion detectors had gone off.   The officer offered to unlock the door so finger prints would not be destroyed.  They entered and Andy turned off the alarm. Just as a precaution they searched the store.  Found no one.
The police were still milling around the back door waiting for a technician to come and dust for prints as Andy double-checked her office.  Everything was fine.  She sat in her swivel chair behind the desk and let out a sigh.
Mike sat in a chair opposite her.  He thought of something.  “Andy, Monday  you talked to, who was it, Henry?”
“In the park?”
“Yeah.”
“He gave me a small necklace to sell for him in the shop.”
“I know.  Listen, do you do that very often?”
“Sure.  I told you, helps them get a little cash.”
“What about Ricci?”
“He was in last Friday.  Had a few things for me to sell for him.  Tourist junk, if I remember right.”
“Can we go look at it?”
Andy got up and Mike followed.  She actually took him to the place where he stood yesterday holding boxes for her.  She looked up on the shelves and had to tip-toe to see on the top shelf.  Mike loved staring at the sight.
“No, it’s not here.  Let me see.  Oh, I know.”   She went to the center of the store.  All around the cash register was an island of glass display cases.  She reached down and pulled out several boxes.
“These have to be priced.  I put them there for the manager to get out.  She must have been too busy.”
The first box had three small paper Mache dolls in it, just cheap souvenirs anyone could pick up along the border before coming into the U.S.  The next four boxes were a little larger. They had honeycombed sections that at first looked like a package you would transport wine in.  She opened one box and found that each section had a maraca in it.  She took two maracas out and rattled them at Mike.  They were colorful little things with the word Mejico written on them and were painted the color of the Mexican flag, green, red and white.
“He gave me these to sell.  Told him probably a dollar a pair.”  There were eleven pair.  One pair missing.  
“Anything else?  Please, try to remember.”
“Yes, there was one other thing.  It was one of those string puppets, like Howdy Doody, the kind you operate with your palm and fingers.  I think it was a mariachi doll.”
“Where is it?”
“I don’t know.  Let me check something.”  Andy went to the computer and looked through the receipts.
“It sold yesterday for $3.75.”
“Ok,” said Mike.  “There’s nothing here but junk, but just to be sure, let’s take it with us.”
The police were done.  Andy set the alarm and locked up the store.  Mike looked at his watch.  It was a little after nine.
“I’d be happy to take you back, but we’re a little early. What say we go back to the bar and have a drink before I take you back to your Jeep?”
Andy agreed and ten minutes later they were again talking with Tony.  “Two scotch and waters, tall.”
Mike looked at his watch and saw it was close to ten O’clock.  “Let’s go to the pool and have a smoke.”
As they sat there smoking they watched Andy’s ‘car’ take off to Washington.  Both of them laughed.  Suddenly it got silent.
Andy turned and hugged Mike.  “Mike, I’m scared.  Could you spend the night at my place?  I don’t know what I’d do if they came back.”  
Mike nodded.  He was glad she asked because he was not going to allow any harm come to this beautiful woman.  He would have camped outside her door if he had to.
“Let me get my gear bag from the hotel room,” he said.  He gathered his clothing, stopped by the front desk to check out and drove Andy to her Jeep.  When they got to her home he had them put both cars in the garage.  “I know you’ve got a wireless network,” he said.  “and I need to hook up.  I’ll be busy for the next hour or so, in case you’ve got anything to do or want to go to bed.”
“Ok.  I need to check some of my inventory and talk to my partner, Cathy.”
Mike got busy.  He got online and set his laptop on the family room table.  Next he grabbed his Radio Shack bag and headed outside.  All around the perimeter he set up wireless infrared cameras and listening devices that would announce a warm body over fifty pounds.  Anything coming closer than one hundred feet of the house he would know about, and would be permanently recorded as video on the hard drive.  Back at the computer he interfaced the equipment, punched in some code and then called Andy.
“Could you come here and do me a favor?”
“Sure.”
“Go out the front door and walk all the way around the house.”
As Andy walked around, Mike watched each of the cameras come to life as she approached.  Satisfied, he called her back.
“C’mere and take a look at this!”  He showed Andy the recording of her image as she walked around the house.
“Wow!” she said.  “That’s really cool!”
“No one will be able to get within one hundred feet of this place without being detected and recorded.”
He spent the next thirty minutes writing his report and took great pains to detail exactly what happened over the past 24 hours.  When he was satisfied he’d gotten everything right he emailed it off to several of his contacts, most of them at Langley, like Vince and Ken Stilling.  He also warned them of the GPS system that would arrive tomorrow.
Mike mused, ‘Been a hell of a day. Time to call it quits.’
Andy came to where Mike was sitting in the living room playing with his laptop.  She had taken a shower and was wearing a silken robe with what Mike guessed was some kind of PJ’s underneath, complete with pink socks.  “Wow, woman, do you ever smell good,” was all Mike could say.
She went to the closet and pulled out a Presto fire log.  She handed it to Mike. “Here.  It’s getting cold.  Probably in the thirty’s tonight.  Light it and we can watch some TV.”
“No Problemo.”
They sat next to each other.  Andy had her legs crossed on the sofa.  She looked real cute like that.  Mike sat there trying to concentrate on the TV sitcom.  After about an hour he let out a yawn.
“Would you like to sleep in the guest room?” she asked. 
Mike knew where he wanted to sleep, but what came out was.  “No, I need to stay close to the computer.  This will be fine.  You go ahead and go to bed.”
After turning off the TV, she gave him a pillow and a blanket.  He stretched out on the couch.  It was comfortable.  The computer screen two feet away would announce any intruders.  He felt secure enough to let his eyelids drop, and was soon asleep.
About an hour later Andy woke up.  The desert had a way of getting cold real fast, so she got up and went to the thermostat in the hallway and turned it up a couple of degrees.  She looked over at Mike and smiled.  It was then she noticed his blanket had slid off him and was lying on the floor.  She quietly came up to Mike and picked up the blanket.  He was snoring softly.  Gently, she took the blanket and placed it over him.  He did not move.  She bent down close to his face and smiled, then placed a small kiss on his right cheek.  Quietly she rose, backed up about three paces and stopped.  She looked at Mike.  He was still fast asleep.  Andy couldn’t resist.  She walked to Mike and very slowly bent down close to him.  The rhythm of his breathing had not changed.  Very softly, oh so very softly, she placed a kiss on his lips, got up and went off to bed.
As she walked down the hall to her bedroom Mike opened one eye and smiled.
It was almost three in the morning.  Mike’s computer woke him up.  He’d programmed a sub-aural tone that would wake him but not make noise.  He tapped the keyboard.  There, over the fence on the other side of the driveway, he saw some activity.  No words, only an intermittent hissing sound.  Mike grabbed Hollywood’s .38 semi and as quiet as a snake slides over the desert exited the back door and made his way to the fence.  He knew where the motion was coming from so approached thirty feet downwind of the activity.  There were three of them on the other side of the fence.  He made a quick leap over the six foot fence and landed as quiet as a lynx on the other side.  He was not detected.
In a split second his military training came to him and he had the situation analyzed.  There were three Mexican teenage boys busy spraying gang graffiti on the fence with cans of blue spray paint.  That’s the ‘hissing,’ he thought.  Reminded him of dogs marking their territory.  Disgusting.  Where were the parents?  Three kids, one looked sixteen or maybe seventeen, the other two maybe thirteen, at most, fifteen.  Mike needed to teach them a lesson.  He pulled out his .38 and aimed.  His shot was intentionally high, but scared the shit out of them.  The tagging stopped.  The kids turned towards Mike.
“Don’t move!” he shouted in Spanish, “or I’ll kill you!”
The two younger teens looked to the older one, their leader, for direction.  He looked at Mike and in an instant started to run.  BIG mistake.  Mike knew enough Spanish to communicate to the two if they wanted to live they had to stay where they were, and took off in pursuit of the gang leader.  They stayed, but the punk took off across the street.  On the other side of the road was a sandy knoll that rose about six feet and separated the street from the Newside canal.  Mike caught up to the teen at the top of the berm.  The rebel was stuck with the canal in front of him and Mike behind.  The only exit point was the street south that had a bridge over the canal.  He was caged.  Desperate, he pulled out a knife and pointed it at Mike.  Wrong!  Before he knew what had happened Mike’s leg arched and spun clockwise with his toes pointed.  He completed this deadly spin and not only tore the knife out of the boys hand but broke three fingers and dislocated his thumb at the same time.  Before the boy could scream from the pain the next blow arrived knocking him square in the chest and flying him ass-first into the Newside canal.  This canal was smaller than the main one, the water ran swift but not deep, so Mike knew he wouldn’t drown.  If only the little shit spent more time in school than robbing stores he might have learned how to swim.  Mike smirked at the calls that came from the canal- ‘Help! Help!’
He turned his attention to the two remaining teens.  Have to teach them a lesson.
When Mike let off the round from the .38 Andy woke up in a start.  She looked in on Mike, and finding him missing, thought he might be in trouble.  She quickly threw on her jeans, got her 12 gauge out of the closet and dropped two rounds into the chamber.  She ran towards the sound of Mike’s gun, came to the end of the driveway and saw him walking down the knoll from the canal.
“Andy, see those two there, at the fence?”
“Yes.”
“They’re the ones responsible for your graffiti.”
“I want to kill them!” she said.
“Of course you do!”
From the canal could be heard Help!  Help!  Save me.  I can’t get out.  What a brave warrior.
Mike turned to the two teens that were facing him.
“¿Te hables Ingles?”
“Yes.”
“You will NEVER pick up a spray can again!  Understand?”
“Yes.”
“Yes what?”
“Yes sir.”
“That’s better.”
“Andy.  You still got your shotgun?”
“Yeah, Mike.”
“Ok.”  
“Boys?”  Mike said.  “Give me those spray cans.”
The kids bent down and handed over the spray cans, while their ‘mentor’ punk kept shouting Help! Help! from the canal, crying like a baby.
Mike demanded.  “Back up to the wall.”  They backed up.  He took the spray can and approached the youths, shook the can good and pressed the spray button making three concentric circles around the front of the boys’ pants, with the ‘bulls’ eye’ being their penises’. 
“Andy, stand across the street.”
Andy stood with her 12 gauge.  “Yes, Mike?”
Just aim at the Bull’s-eyes!  Okay.  Ready!  Aim!  Fire!
The boys heard Andy cock the 12 gauge.  They were so frightened they closed their eyes tight.  She shouted, “Uno!  Dos!  Tres!” and pulled the trigger!  The shots blasted harmlessly into the evening sky.
They pissed their pants.  One boy fainted.  Lesson learned.  The Sheriff arrived, siren and lights ablaze.  No more taggers and possibly two, maybe three boys would have a chance to turn into men.
Mike and Andy walked back to the house and went to their respective sleeping areas.  Mike fell fast asleep.  The next morning he woke to the smell of coffee and bacon, got up, found the shower and did his morning chores.  When he came out on the porch there was Andy, like most mornings he surmised, sitting there with her feet-in pajamas, drinking coffee and doing The Imperial Daily crossword puzzle.
“Hi!  Let me get you some coffee,” she said, stood up and went to the kitchen.  While gone Mike looked around, and for the first time in many years felt he was in the right place at the right time.  Contentment fell over him.  He lit a smoke and smiled, smiling even more when Andy returned with his coffee, one cream and two Splendas.  They especially enjoyed the morning watching three teenagers paint her fence.
Chapter 6


Wednesday

The day flew by.  Andy had some refinishing to do in her workshop at the back of the lot and Mike needed to email Vince at Langley.  Most of the morning was spent on the computer searching for clues.  At about noon Mike received a phone call.
“Mike here.”
“Mike, its Vince.  Look, buddy, I’m on break and needed to call you.  Give you a ‘heads up.’  What the fuck have you gotten yourself into?  By the way, the GPS thing was a neat trick.”
“Whaddya mean what have I gotten into?  You know I’m here for Sergeant Ricci.”
“Whoa, man, this is big.  I mean big!  You’ve got people running all over the place here.”
“What’s going on back there, Vince?  Fill me in.”
“It’s all about need to know.  I can’t right now.  Just give it a little time.  The CIA guys really want you in the loop, so they’re furiously working at bringing you in.”
“Shit, Vince.  I got a buddy killed, a house ransacked and people on my tail.  Help me out here.”
“You know the system.  No can do.  Not yet.  Give it 24 hours, okay?  Over and out.”  The phone went dead.
Andy returned from the workshop and made them some lunch. “Any news?” she asked while munching on her turkey sandwich.
“Well, I’ve been in contact with my friend at Langley but they won’t talk, not yet at least.  I need more intel and I think I know where to go.  I’ll be gone a few hours.”  When finished with his sandwich he walked out the front door and across the street.
“Thought you’d show up sometime,” said Hollywood opening his front door.  “Been waitin’ for ya.  C’mon on in.  I’ll fix us a drink.  By the way, nice of you to get those taggers.  Sheriff told me about it.”
They sat at the kitchen table while Hollywood brought out a bottle of J&B, some ice and two glasses.  “Ok, flyboy, what’s on your mind?” asked Sam as he leveled out generous portions of scotch in the glasses.
Mike added water to his and sat back down.  “Hollywood, I need more information before I can figure things out.”  He told Hollywood about the ransacking of Andy’s house and attempted robbery of her store, concluding, “There’s got to be some connection between Andy and Sgt. Ricci’s murder in the canal, but I don’t see anything yet.  Maybe you can help me out.  You know so much about the valley maybe you can help me untangle things.”
“Sorry ‘bout your Air Force buddy.”
Mike got up and added some more water to his scotch.  “Thanks.  I’m gonna get those bastards who killed Ricci.  They’ll fuckin’ regret they messed with me.”
Hollywood’s serious look turned to a grin.  “Hoorah!  Lotsa shit going down here since you arrived and I guess it ain’t over yet.  More fun than I’ve seen in a long time.”
 “Wanna hear a good one?” asked Mike.
“Sure do!”  Upon which Mike told him what he did with the GPS device and how it got Langley all riled up.  Sam must have laughed for two minutes.  When he was done he high-fived Mike and poured another drink.
“You’re trying to lean on your CIA buddies to get intel.  Nice trick if you can do it.”
“Can you help me get a better perspective on what goes on here in the valley?”
 “Well, I know more about the valley than most anyone here.  Not only am I an engineer running the electrical grid, but I’m a big historian.  A hobby of mine.”
Mike stared into his scotch then looked at Hollywood.  “There’s some kind of connection that’s eluding me.  I was curious about something that Andy noted Monday night.”
Mike related the story about how Andy ignored Mike at the Circle K and boldly walked up to the mini-van that was following them.
Hollywood smiled.  “That’s one hell of a western woman.  Brave and independent.”
“Yeah,” said Mike.  “I like that about her.  But here’s what’s sticking in my craw.  She said one of the men was Mexican and the other Chinese.  Is there something I’m missing?  I haven’t seen any Chinese around here.”
“I’ll tell you a coupla things you probably don’t know.  The Sunday we arrived, did you know the Border Patrol up on the 86 seized a truckload – did you fuckin’ hear me – a truckload of marijuana worth over ten million dollars?  Three days before, three million of meth in a pickup truck?  There are more drugs smuggled through this small valley than Tijuana or El Paso for that matter.  It’s huge, but few outside the valley know anything about it.”
Hollywood stood up.  “Gotta piss.  Then I’ll tell you something you don’t know.”
While he was gone Mike called Andy.  “Hi.  You doin’ ok?  I’m across the street with Hollywood.”
Andy, surprised, answered.  “How do you know Sam?”
“That’s why I called.  I forgot to mention to you that I met him on the flight into Imperial Sunday night.  You probably know he’s ex-Marine.  He’s filling me in on local information.  I’ll be here a little bit more.”
“Sam can sure do that for you.  Oh, Mike?  Sam’s a real nice guy, but he gets a little looney sometimes, especially when he talks about Viet Nam and the Far East.  I think its PTSD.”
“Thanks for the heads-up.  I can deal with that.  Talk to you later.”
Hollywood walked back from the bathroom zipping up his fly.  “People hear about the drug smuggling.  That’s all about Mexican gangs and the cartel.  What very few people talk about is the Chinese Mafia.  Down here in closed circles they call it the dragonfly.  The Chinese community is so tight that not much is known about them.”
“Chinese?  Tell me what you do know,” asked a surprised Mike.
Hollywood nodded.  “You need to know something about our city to the south, Mexicali.  Maybe that’ll help.”
“Shoot.”
“Okay, but indulge me.  You’ll need some history first to un-cloud the waters.”
“You’ve got the scotch and I’ve got a few hours.  Go for it.”
For the next two hours Mike could barely get a word in edgewise.  Hollywood started with the Chinese railroad workers in the 1900’s and the development of farming in the valley.  According to Sam when the railroad was completed Chinese rail workers were shot by railroad-hired killers, to drive the surviving ones into Mexico.  The Chinese in Mexicali started commerce and farming and by 1920 their population outnumbered the Mexican population 10,000 to 700.  During Prohibition the Chinese ran all the casinos, bars, opium dens and whorehouses in Mexicali.  They even dug underground tunnels to supply the US with alcohol.  Until the French Connection mob took over control of heroin smuggling in the 1970’s it was the Chinese gangs who provided the majority of illegal heroin into the US.  He also pointed out that many factories re-located in Mexicali after Hong Kong reverted to Chinese Communist control.  Mike stored all these facts in his mind hoping some connection could be made.
When he finished, Hollywood stood up and poured himself another drink.  “Lets go outside for a smoke.  There’s a couple chairs out front.  We can go out there.”
“Good idea.  I’d like to keep an eye on Andy’s house.”
“By the way, I’ll do that for you when you’re not around.”
“Thanks.”
After a few minutes Hollywood got up and pointed his finger at Mike.  “I’ve just thought of something.”  He walked into the house and returned with an Associated Press newspaper clipping.  Mike read the headline, Terror Hoax Uncovers Border Threat.  Boston threat Investigation Exposes Chinese Smuggling Route.
He glanced at a passage.  “…spotlight on Mexicali's role in illegal immigration from China.  U.S. authorities say it is one of the busiest points of entry used by Chinese people smugglers. 
“…this city of 800,000 people has a large Chinese community.
“…makes it easy for Chinese migrants to blend in while trying to get across the border.
“…The Border Patrol refuses to say how many Chinese are caught illegally crossing the border.
Mike was in awe.  “All this coming from Mexicali, Hollywood?”
“Twenty two point six miles from where you sit.”
Hollywood put his feet on the table and smiled at Mike.  “You worked with the CIA spooks.  I gotta believe that’s why you’ve stirred up a bee’s nest at Langley.  Either way, gonna be fun.”
Chapter 7


Mike thanked Hollywood and walked back to Andy’s house.  What was going on?  Whatever it was there had to be some connection with the Chinese.  And Hollywood was right, from his years in intelligence he knew anything that would get the CIA excited must have something to do with the Chinese Red Army.  It kept turning in his mind that one of the two following them was a Chinaman.  Mexicali.  Homeless Rick.  Andy.  He still couldn’t put it together.
“Andy.  Got anything to drink?”  She brought them both a Scotch and water, just the way he liked it.
He sat on the porch with Andy and filled her in on what he’d learned from Hollywood.  Mike’s look was serious.  “If any of this connects, it has to be that Ricci was somehow involved.  I think he found something or someone being smuggled across the border.  That might be the connection.”
“Mike.  I’m worried.”
“Well, for now I think we’re safe.  I’ve got the house secured and since they didn’t find anything yesterday, I don’t think they’ll be back right away.”
“Right away?”
“Yeah, right away. This is how it works.  There’s the guys on the bottom, the peons.  The ones doing the searching.  When problems happen, ground operations stop.  They have to wait for new orders.  It has to go up the chain of command.  It’ll take them at least 24 hours to sort things out.  Plans have to be modified, especially now since they know the CIA is in the loop.”
Andy turned to Mike who was sitting next to her on the porch.  She reached out and took his hand. “Mike, I want to tell you something.”
“What is it?”
“I’m sorry we started off on the wrong foot.  I just-”
“No, Andy, stop.  I came over like Mr. Bigshot.  I’m sorry.  What do you say we forget about it and start afresh?”
“Deal!”  With that she let go of his hand and gave him a ‘high five.’
“Andy, you smell like varnish.”
“Oh my God, I’ve been working all day refurbishing a table.  Let me freshen up.  Mike, I’ve got some nice steaks. I’ll get them started.  You choose some wine from the rack next to the fireplace.”  She jumped up and left.
Mike made his way into the family room and selected some pinot noir to go with the steak, uncorked it and returned with two glasses.  He noticed a new fire log next to the hearth so put it on the grate and lit it, then turned the TV to FOX news.  He was watching the news when Andy returned.  He could hear her rummaging through the fridge and pulling pots and pans from the cupboard.
“Would you like a glass of wine now?” he shouted into the kitchen.  A minute later Andy appeared wearing a simple ankle-length one piece dress, pink with a slit in one side running up to her knee.  Casual, but very feminine.  Of course, she had her pink cotton socks on.  Andy was wearing an apron but he could still see the outline of her body underneath.
“Mike!  You’re in California.  What are you doing wearing shoes?”  With that she knelt down and untied his shoes and took them off.  
“You relax while I fix dinner.”  She got up and prepared the meal.  Mike put his feet on the coffee table and watched the news.  After a few minutes he dozed off.
 “Steaks’ done.  Shall we eat in the dining room or out there?”
 “The wine is here and there’s a log on. Here’s fine.”
Andy brought the plates and Mike poured some wine.  The steak was delicious.  The wine went perfectly with the meal.  The fire was warming and both of them were quietly enjoying each others’ company.  After their meal Andy got up and carried the dishes to the sink.  Mike followed with the rest.
“Let me help you clean up.  It’s the least I can do after such a great meal.”
“You liked it?”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“I’m glad.” 
Mike and Andy fell into the routine of clearing off the food with her handing him the plates, him loading them into the dishwasher.  After the dishes were done they headed to the porch for an after dinner smoke.  Mike excused himself and checked the detection devices he had placed around the house the night before.  Satisfied, he came back and sat next to Andy.  It was close to ten O’clock and the desert had gotten cold, probably around 40 degrees.  They shivered, put out their cigarettes and went inside.  The fire felt nice.  Mike turned off the TV while Andy put some soft music on the Bose. 
She returned and sat next to him. “Mike, something’s bothering me.  You said Homeless Rick, sorry, Ricci, was involved in all this.  Ricci could not have been involved.  He was such an innocent.  Ricci never even cared about money.”
“I didn’t mean he was involved as an accomplice.  I meant that somehow he got tied into all of this, probably innocently.  Maybe like mistaken identity, I just don’t know.  But I agree with you, he had no direct involvement. Andy, I just can’t get my arms around it.  I need to sleep on it.”
Mike felt tenseness in Andy. She turned to him, looking him in the eyes.  
“Mike, I’m scared.”
They were sitting on a soft leather couch with a coffee table in front of it.  Ten feet away to the right was the fire, now just flickering.
Mike sensed her tension.  “You’re tense.  Why don’t you sit on the floor in front of me and let me rub your shoulders.”
She quickly responded by sitting between his legs with hers crossed. He took his foot, put it on the coffee table and slid it about three feet away from the couch. Mike, very softly, ran his nails along the top of her shoulders.  She shivered.  Next he started, very gently, squeezing her shoulder muscles back and forth between his thumbs and forefingers.  He could feel her begin to relax.  Next, he made his way to the muscles on either side of her neck then gently rubbed up and down the center of her spine.  Her body responded to him and he could feel her tension release.  Andy, sitting on the floor, gently rested her hands on the top of his feet.  She tilted her head back and placed it on his right shoulder while he continued to massage this beautiful woman.  After a few minutes Mike gently pushed Andy forward so he could work his hands down her spine, softly caressing her back muscles.  She responded by leaning a little farther forward allowing him to rub down to her waist.  He drew his head close to her hair.  She smelled so good, so irresistible.  Andy placed her head back on Mikes’ shoulder and sighed, while he moved his hands from her back around to her stomach.  Her head was turning slowly back and forth on his chest.  It was the something he dared not do but could not resist.  He moved close to Andy’s neck and gently kissed her under her left ear lobe.  She reached up with her left arm, took Mike’s head in her hand and drew him to her.  He kissed her neck and cheek.  She turned and faced him, and so very naturally, they kissed.  The sensation of their lips meeting for the first time was a moment they would never forget.  Slowly, Mike stood up and lifted Andy to her feet.  She came close to him and they embraced.  While kissing her neck and ear he stroked her waist, working his hands to her shoulders then to her hair.  He placed his hands on either side of her face and gazed deeply into her blue eyes, then pulled her head forward and kissed her deeply.  Andy saw the love in his eyes.  She kissed him like she had never kissed anyone before.  As they were in this embrace Mike bent down, reached behind Andy’s knees, and in one quick movement scooped her in his arms and carried her off to the bedroom.
Mike woke two hours later.  A candle had been lit.  Andy was standing in her sheer nightgown at the foot of the bed holding two glasses of wine.  He could not take his eyes off of her.  There were French doors that opened to the patio.  She indicated with a nod in that direction, so he rose from the bed, pulled on his jeans and followed her to a round table outside.  They looked into each others’ eyes, just staring for a long time.  Andy moved forward, clasped Mike’s hand and gave him a tender kiss on the lips.  She pressed her cheek next to his and whispered in his ear.  “Thank you.”  Then she let out a little girl’s giggle.  She got up and left the patio.  A few minutes later she returned with some cheese and the remainder of the wine.  They sat together sipping on their wine looking deeply into each other’s eyes.  The moment was perfect.  Neither spoke for a long time.  After a time they left the patio and made their way back to bed, both falling asleep in each other’s arms.
Chapter 8


Mike had learned from Hollywood that the largest Chinatown area in all of Mexico was in Mexicali and known as Chinesco, with more Chinese ancestors in Mexicali today than Los Angeles and San Francisco combined.  The Chinesco area was almost devoid of Mexican nationals and comprised mainly of Chinese shops, Chinese restaurants, factories and Chinese movie theatres.
While Mexican and Chinese marriages were common in Mexicali, there existed a group of elite Chinese citizens who would never consider mixing their children’s blood with the Mexican population.  Chinese woman from their suitor’s province in China were imported from the mainland to become brides.  Even though these Chinese families were living in Mexico for over a hundred years, the bloodlines remained pure.  This elite group, today led by Colonel Yen Woo, controlled the Chinese mafia contingency in Mexicali and helped maintain strong ties with mainland China.
Colonel Woo, among other things, owned a restaurant, The Dragonfly.  His grandson, Chen, spent many toddler hours with grandpa playing in the back of the restaurant and in Woo’s office.  One of Woos’ dishwashers, a Mexican, would sometimes bring his son, Jose, with him when he needed watching over.  As it turned out Jose would play with Chen in the alley behind the restaurant for hours on end.  Through the years they became friends, and because they hung out together Jose became a trusted person in Woo’s organization.  From time to time the Dragonfly Mafia employed Jose to do basic low-level tasks such as debt collections and money laundering.  Jose wasn’t too smart of a fellow, but his saving grace was he did what he was asked, regardless of how dirty the job was.
Chen Woo, twenty eight, was being groomed to be the next Dragonfly leader.  His father owned a local factory and traveled extensively, so his grandfather, Colonel Woo, helped raised him.  It was Chen who was on the fast-track to run the mafia operation when his grandfather, Colonel Woo, retired.  He currently ran ‘export’ operations between Mexicali, Calexico and Algodones, a small port of entry close to Yuma, Arizona.
The plan was simple.  When there was a scheduled transfer, Jose and Chen would spend the evening hanging out at a bar in Mexicali until receiving a phone call with instructions.  At an appointed time they would get the goods from a building in Chinesco, cross the border, rent a room in an El Centro motel and wait.  Stateside couriers would arrive, usually before midnight, make the transfer in exchange for money and everyone would leave.
But last Sunday night things went bad.  While waiting in the motel room Jose and Chen were attacked by a group of four thugs.  Suddenly, what was brought across the border was stolen and they were knocked semi-conscious.  Jose and Chen chased them down a dead-end alley and when the thugs were cornered they started firing weapons at Jose and Chen, who, lucky for them, were hiding safely behind a dumpster.  When the thieves tried to escape over a six foot fence Jose was able to shoot one of them, but the other three got away.  They spent as much time as they could before the police arrived searching for their missing goods but came up empty handed.
Chen made a very difficult call.  “Grandfather, we were attacked!  They stole the goods from us.”
“What?”
Chen explained what he could about the attack.  His grandfather ordered them back to Mexicali for questioning.
Before dawn Chen received a call from Grandfather.  “The head of operations, General Zhao, will be arriving soon to speak with the two of you.  I will let you know when.”


* * * *


Dean was nervously waiting for General Zhao at Los Angeles International.  Things had gone wrong, terribly wrong, and he hated having to answer to the Major General.  After all, Dean was their key to the U.S. operations.  What he heard from his men in Mexicali sounded like a serious blunder, but nothing they couldn’t handle.  General Zhao was too greedy, had his fingers too deep in the pie.  There was no reason for him to come along.  Dean knew he could handle this situation himself, but the top man, Zimmer, ordered him to meet with the General.
The General cleared customs and found Dean.  He was wearing civilian clothes, but there was no doubt by looking at him that he was a military man.  Dean would have to put up with this skinny Chinaman all the way to Imperial, a four hour drive over the mountains.  Even worse, the sonovabitch smoked all the time.  He’d have to get the car detailed to get the stench of cheap Chinese cigarettes out.
“Greetings, General,” he said and extended his hand to the Major General.  “I hope your trip was a pleasant one.” 
“Very fine, very fine.  Please, let us proceed to your car.”
Dean unlocked his Mercedes GL550 and they left the airport.  The drive would take them down the interstate to San Diego, then east into the Imperial Valley.
When traffic thinned out the General spoke.  “Dean, this is a most unfortunate turn of events.  We very very much has to get to its bottom.  Our operations is been carefully planned.  This should not have happened.”
“General, you know there are risks inherent in any operation of this sort.  The couriers had nothing to do with it.  They were robbed by Mexican thugs.”
“Yes, yes.  I know.  The Imperial Connection is of utmost importance to us.  Lets us wait until we discuss with them.  I have known Yen Woo and his family for many years.  I don’t know Jose.  There may be more to this than we think.”  He lit his third cigarette in a row and started blowing smoke all over Dean’s new $85,000 Mercedes.  Dean rolled the window partway down, but the general rolled it back up.  “Too cold outside.”
By evening, they arrived at a small motel in Calexico, two blocks from the border.  From there could be seen Mexicali, Mexico over the twelve foot fence that separated the two countries.  This part of Calexico looked almost as run down as their sister city a hundred paces away.  They came to a room on the end and knocked.  Chen Woo opened the door and let them in.  Their tan minivan was parked outside.  Jose was sitting at the table sipping tequila.  They entered the motel room and closed the door.  There was a small table by the window, enough for three.  Zhao, Woo and Jose sat around the table while Dean sat on the bed facing the table.
Dean began.  “Okay, guys, tell us what happened.  Slowly.”
Jose took another shot of tequila and spoke.  “Eet wasn’t supposed to happen dat way.  I just hit him lightly on dee head.”
Dean interrupted.  “Hold on, Jose.   Let’s start from the beginning.  Woo, you start.”
Woo began.  “Mr. Dean, it was like any night.  You know, whenever the shipments are ready in Mexicali they call us and we bring them over the border and take them to whatever spot they tell us in El Centro.  This time it was the Derby Motel and we checked in like usual and waited to make the transfer.  The guys usually arrive before twelve, we exchange goods, sign the receipts, and everyone leaves.”
Dean interrupted.  “Ok, so what happened this time?”
The Mexican, Jose, jumped in.  “Senor, dees four pachucos, hoods, broke into our room.”
“Ok, Jose,” said Dean. “let Woo finish.”
“Well, they had guns and one of them had a big baseball bat.  They busted the door open and stormed us.  They were on us like that!” and as he said it he snapped his fingers.  “Jose got the bat in his gut and it doubled him over.  The next thing I saw was the butt of a pistol crashing into my skull.”
“How long were you out?” asked Dean.  
He replied.  “It wasn’t long.  Jose helped me gain consciousness and we saw them running down the back alley.”
General Zhao asked.  “Tell us what happened next.”
Woo continued, “Well, sir, we took off after them.  We chased them for several blocks and finally wound up in a dead-end alley.  When we cornered them they opened fire on us.  Jose and I hid behind a dumpster and when they finished firing we stormed them.  Jose popped one in the head.  The others jumped over a fence.  I think one had a leg wound.  We threw the dead guy in the dumpster after inspecting him.”
“And did you find anything?” asked the General.
Woo responded, “Nothing, sir.  We not only found nothing on him, but we searched the area as much as we could before the cops arrived.”
Jose added, “We searched all over, señor.  Nothing.  Then we re-traced all their steps and looked really good everywhere.”
Dean interrupted, “Ok, cut it short.  What happened next?”
Woo answered, “Mr. Dean, we looked everywhere.   Up and down the alleys, in the dumpsters, over window sills, you name it.  We could find nothing.  After coming up short I sat on the curb considering what to do next.  That’s when I saw a homeless guy climbing out of a dumpster across the street.  It gave me an idea.”
“What’s that?” asked Zhao.
“Well, sir, I thought maybe after the pachucos fled the motel, when they saw us coming after them, they threw the shipment in a dumpster, hoping to come back and retrieve it later.  Maybe one of the homeless grabbed the packages before we could get it.”
“Very good.  Very good thinking, Mr. Woo,” said General Zhao.  “Please, continue.”
“We kept a lookout on the homeless.  The next day we followed them and watched their actions.  We were going to start questioning them one by one when, around noon, they started gathering together in a line at the park.  After a time this lady, accompanied by some man, stops and passes out food to them.  It didn’t look like nothing at first, just someone helping the homeless.  But then-”
 “But then, what?” interrupted Dean.
“Well, sir, this homeless guy came up to the lady and gave her something.  She took it from him then wrote something down in a little book she pulled from her purse.  I didn’t know what it was, but we decided to follow them to see.”  He paused for a moment to gather his thoughts.
“We wanted to follow the man and woman but they split up so we followed the man to his hotel and kept an eye open.  Then something unusual happened.”
“What’s that?” asked Dean.
“Well, sir, after a while the lady picked the man up at the motel. They left and drove to a shack.  It was an abandoned house where a homeless guy lived.  They talked with him and left.  When night came we returned to the shack and found this really grubby homeless guy living there.  We searched his shopping cart and came up with two of the twenty-four maracas.  There they are,” he said pointing to the maracas on the table.  
Zhao pointed to Jose.  “Now you tell me what happened next.”
Jose took another sip of tequila and replied.  “Well, senor Zhao, we wanted to know from heem where he got the maracas.  He said in de dumpster.  I ask heem where the rest of them is and she did not know.  He must have been lying, so I whacked heem on the head to get heem to talk, not hard, you know.  But he just fall down, dead.  We take heem to the car next and dump heem in the canal, so no one know.  Then we come back and Woo call Colonel Chen.  In Mexicali.”
“Thank you, Jose,” said Major General Zhao.  “Woo, tell us the rest.”
“Well, sir,” said Woo, “the next morning we were called to Colonel Chen’s office to explain everything that happened.  The Colonel was very upset.  He thought that maybe the lady and her friend were in on the whole thing.  He ordered us to find out if they had the rest of the packages and if they did, to get them back.  To make sure we wouldn’t lose them he gave me a GPS device to put in the lady’s car.  The following afternoon when they were not at home we broke in and searched it.  There was nothing there.  Before leaving the house I planted the GPS in her Jeep.  The lady also owns a re-sale shop in El Centro.  That evening we tried breaking in the shop to look for the package, but it had an alarm system.  We didn’t get in.”
Major General Zhao stood up.  “Dean, my back hurts, please hand me a pillow to sit on.”
He readjusted himself and sat back down.  “Jose, why you kill the thief?  Why you kill homeless man?”
“I don’t know what you mean?” answered Jose.  “They were shooting at us.”
“Yes, yes.  I understand.  But did you kill him on purpose?”
“What are you talking about?”
“Let me see your pistol, please.  The one you killed him with.”
Jose reached behind and produced the pistol.  He set it on the table.
In a split second Zhao stood up, pushed the pillow in Jose’s face, grasped the pistol and fired three shots into Jose’s head.  He dropped dead on the bed next to Dean.  The pillow muffled the shots and kept the blood from spraying all over everyone.  Zhao calmly set the twenty-two pistol back on the table.  “Wrap him in the bedspread.  I will have Colonel Chen dispose of him.  He should not have killed the man who robbed you.  We could have tortured him and found the remaining packages.  They would not be missing today.  I think he was part of it.”
The general continued.  “Woo, you made a bad mistake, also, but I will give you one more chance.  You will stay on this until its conclusion.  Colonel Chen will be running the operation personally.”
“Yes, Major General.  Permission to ask a question?” Woo asked.
“But, of course.”
“What mistake did I make?”
“There is much more of this than you know.  Your mistake is that you did not hide the GPS properly.  Your control device could not track it past a radius of five miles, but our intelligence center in Beijing can track it anywhere in the world.  The GPS you hid in the car was discovered.  We tracked it to Langley Air Force Base.  Do you know what that is?”
“No, sir.”
“Langley is CIA Headquarters in Virginia!  They are now aware of at least part of our operation.”
Dean was in shock.  “Zhao, what the hell is going on?  How could the CIA know anything about this?”
Zhao responded, “The GPS device Colonel Chen gave Woo was proprietary technology.  Our own.  Once in the hands of the CIA they will know it was ours. It puzzles me very much how it got in their hands.  I have to guess the lady, the man or both of them are US Government agents.  We are checking on that now.  We will find out their backgrounds.  For the time being we are moving the operation one town over, to Algodones.  It is not safe to smuggle through Mexicali right now.  Woo, you will continue the transfer across the border, but from Algodones into Yuma, Arizona.  Colonel Chen has all the details.  Dean, I will work the details from your end on the trip back to Los Angeles.  We will give you the instructions where to make the transfer.  I’ve heard enough.  Take me back.”
“Dean,” said Zhao on their ride back to LAX, “your sources must investigate the two involved, the man and woman.  I will assist you.  We will have our people on them and follow their footsteps.  Jose and his partner Woo did the wrong thing.  They killed our source of information.  Until we know more, we must try to capture the man and woman alive to discover what is going on, especially with the CIA.  I know some people there, and I will inquire.  This operation must continue as uninterrupted as possible.  The Imperial Connection must continue.  It is the best import operation we have ever had.
“I will have the man and woman watched closely.  I will get back to you.  Tell Zimmer about this.  And, remember, we must capture them alive if possible.  My people will assist.  Here is Colonel Chen’s private and secure cell phone number.  You will stay in contact with him in Mexicali.  We must coordinate this operation.”
“Have a nice flight home,” Dean said as he dropped Zhao off at LAX.
Zhao leaned into Dean’s face. “Tell Zimmer if he can’t help us get this solved we have others who can.  I will call him later this week.”
Chapter 9


Thursday, January 19th

Mike was asleep on his back.  His eyes were darting back and forth under the eyelids, his heart racing and his body in a full sweat, for good reason.  The battle was fierce.  Enemy troops were rising over the hill.  RPG’s along with small arms fire thudded next to them making him deaf.  The next instant a body was tossed on top of him and blood spurted out all over him.  It flooded into his eyes, his face and even into his mouth choking him.  Panic almost set in as he scrambled out from underneath the body on top of him, ready to face death from the enemy. They hustled past the burning Hummer with Sgt. Ricci being dragged by Vince and himself.  As they dropped below a sand dune for temporary safety he heard himself shouting to Vince.  “I got the coordinates!  I got the coordinates!” 
“Let’s get over to that next dune and call ‘em in,” shouted Vince, pointing forward.  They reach the dune and temporary safety.   Mike tends to Ricci’s wound while shouting the exact position of the enemy to Vince, who’s relaying them to operations.  Doesn’t look good when you can see the guy’s brains.
Suddenly the scene is different.  Mike sees himself in his dress uniform.  He’s standing at attention with his officer’s hat tucked under his left arm.  Someone seated at the desk is rifling through some papers.  It’s like a blur and he can’t really make out the face.  He can only hear the voice.  “The finding of this investigation is complete.  Under fire your last coordinates were inaccurate.  The allegation your actions killed thirty four non-combatants is maintained as true, however, there will be no further action taken.  You are free to return to duty.”
Mike jolted awake, eyes wide open.  It was the same nightmare, but somehow this nightmare was different from the others.  Tonight he was not so much in the dream but more an observer, a third party.  It was a big difference.  Andy was sprawled next to him sleeping soundly.  For the first time in years the same, constant, never-changing nightmare actually changed!  He did not move, did not want to.  As the panic of the nightmare began to wear off, his mind turned to the events earlier in the evening, the fantastic lovemaking he had with Andy.
The arousing also let him know he had to use the bathroom.  Untangling his legs from hers he carefully got out of bed.  It was 4:44 A.M.  Andy was sound asleep.  He made his way to the toilet.  Upon returning to the bed he stood at the end and stared at the beautiful woman he had loved earlier.  He did not want to take his eyes off of her.  He decided sleep was over so hoisted up his jeans and made his way into the kitchen, found the coffee pot and started it going.
He went onto the porch and lit a cigarette.  His mind was racing.  After the smoke he went back inside and poured a cup of coffee.  Then he strolled to his car and got out the packages of Rick’s things they brought back from the shop earlier.  He made it to the kitchen with the boxes and set them down.  They were all typical tourist items, toy dolls, Mexican jumping beans, maracas, and cheap necklaces.  He set them down on the counter and poured another cup of coffee.
Andy awoke and stumbled into the kitchen wearing a flimsy robe.  She came up behind him, put her arms around his waist, hugged him and placed a kiss on the back of his neck.
“Good morning, Mike.”
Mike turned around and hugged Andy back.  He kissed her on the mouth and Andy rested her head on his shoulder.  They remained holding each other in the middle of the kitchen for several minutes.  Mike could smell her freshness and took pleasure in lightly stroking her back and running his fingers through her soft, red hair.  Andy enjoyed feeling Mike’s strength and being lost in his embrace.  It felt so good to be held.
Finally Mike spoke.  “Would you like some coffee?”
“Yes I would, actually.  Thank you so much for making it.”
“I got the newspaper for you, as well.  I know you like to do the crossword puzzle.”
“Thanks.  Oh!  I see you brought Rick’s box of trinkets in from the car.”
“Yeah, I was looking through the dolls when you came in.”
“Could there be something hidden inside?”
“Let’s see.  Hand me a knife or some scissors.  No, wait.  Let’s have our coffee together first.”
After two cups of coffee and finishing the crossword puzzle together they returned to the kitchen.  Mike and Andy started opening the dolls.  Nothing unusual inside.  Andy picked up a pair of maracas and started swaying her hips.  “one-two-three-four, hey-mac-a-rena!” she sang while beating out the rhythm with the maracas.
Mike laughed.  “Have you got any way to open these without ruining them?”
“Sure, let’s go to my workshop.  I’ve got a drill press in there.”
They took the maracas back to the shop.  Mike was impressed with the tools Andy had in there.  They went to the drill press. Mike locked a maraca in the vice grip and drilled a three-quarter inch hole in the top of it.  He pulled it out of the vice and blew the sawdust off the top.  “Hold your hand out.”
He turned the maraca upside down and out poured a handful of shiny stones.  Andy gasped.  “Oh, my God, Mike!  They’re diamonds!”  She was shaking.  “Oh, we’re in trouble.”
They opened the rest of the maracas and found each one full of finely cut diamonds. 
Mike asked Andy, “Do you know anything about diamonds?”
“Sure.  Diamonds are a girls’ best friend.”
Mike smiled.  “Real funny.”
“All kidding aside, Mike, yes, I do.  These stones look like they range from one-half carat to three or four carats.  I can’t begin to guess how much this is all worth.”
“Got plastic baggies out here?  Let’s get them back in the house.  I’ve got to get in touch with Vince.”
They placed all the diamonds in zip lock bags and returned to the house.  Mike turned on the monitoring system.  After that he got on the computer and in encryption mode he sent Vince a message containing one word.

From:  Mike F
To:    Vince
Subj:  Caution
Diamonds.

Next, he started surfing the internet for clues.  After his discussion with Hollywood about Mexicali and the Chinese he Googled ‘Diamonds+Chinese.’  What came up just about knocked him on his ass.  It was from the British News Service.
Mugabe’s darkest secret: An £800 billion blood diamond mine he’s running with China’s Red Army.  He quietly scanned through the article putting pieces of the puzzle together trying to link Homeless Rick with the Mexicali Chinese and Red Chinese Army.  When through scanning the article he re-read it as an intelligence officer, then he called Andy in for a fresh perspective.
“Andy, sit down with me.  I want to go over this article with you.”
“Okay.”
“I’m going to read some things to you.  But first let me give you a little background.  In southern Africa there’s a murderous ruler, Robert Mugabe.  His land is in a remote mountainous area.  Mugabe has become Africa’s second-longest-serving leader in Zimbabwe by quietly terrorizing the population, killing opponents and using his dreaded secret police, rather than wholesale slaughtering, with the exception of 25,000 members of the Ndebele tribe he murdered in the Eighties.
“Listen to this, ‘In the Marange diamond fields in the far southeast of Zimbabwe astonishing natural wealth has been found in the soil.  Indeed, so common are diamonds here that, for many years, local children used the ‘hard stones’ in catapults to hunt birds, not realizing that they were firing unimaginable riches into the sky.’
Mike looked up from the article.  “I remember this now.  When Mugabe took over the fields he murdered thousands and closed off the area.  But, you see, his government had a real problem, inflation.  The currency in Zimbabwe wasn’t worth the price of a roll of toilet paper, and the west wasn’t about to support his terrorist regime. That’s when he turned to Red China for support.  I was working with some people back then in the CIA who were keeping tabs on this.  But more of that later.  First I want to read you some more things from this article.”
He continued.  ‘Today, the fields are a military zone.  Anyone caught there faces being beaten to death.  The reason for the secrecy became apparent during an undercover investigation at the fields, where this reporter found conclusive evidence of collusion between China and Mugabe.  Working alongside henchmen from one of Africa’s most murderous regimes the Chinese are here to oversee Beijing’s investment in the world’s most controversial commodity: blood diamonds.’
Andy’s eyes got big.  “Blood diamonds?”
“Yeah.  Those are diamonds that have been excavated through slavery and the profits used to support terrorist regimes like Mugabe’s.  There’s an international treaty forbidding the sale of these type diamonds in the western world.”
“Mike, I think I saw something about that.  Wasn’t there a movie with Leonardo DiCaprio?”
“Yeah.  And to be honest, that movie was really close to the truth.  This article also quotes the Chinese general who is in cahoots with Mugabe.  Let me read some more, ‘High-ranking officials of China’s People’s Liberation Army have been striving to escape detection for their role in this blood-thirsty, but hugely lucrative, trade.  It is purported that the operation is run by a Major General Zhao of the people’s Liberation Army.  Here, carved out of the African bush, is a runway big enough for huge cargo planes.  There is also sophisticated radar equipment, a fully-operational control tower and comfortable barracks for the Chinese officials overseeing the entire operation.  Twice a week an Antonov An-12 cargo plane can be heard droning towards the airstrip.  The departing flights leave with rough, uncut diamonds worth millions.’”
“Mike.  How much do you think these diamonds are worth?”
“I think I read something about that down in the article.  Let me take a look.  Ok.  Here it is. ‘So vast are the riches that diamond experts believe the gems from Marange, in a country of less than ten million people, could account for more than a quarter of all diamonds mined around the globe, and could even trigger a massive slump in diamond prices if the stones come on the market and cause a glut.’”
“And you think diamonds are coming in from Africa by way of China and Mexicali?  If you’re right it’s a sure bet we’re in a lot of trouble, huh?”
“It’s a little un-nerving.  Do you know what the Chinese and Africans think of western people?  They call us monkeys of the west.  That’s what they really literally of us as, a useless strain of monkey.  Our lives mean nothing to them unless it suits their ends.”
Andy stood up.  “Too much information for right now.  How about a little orange juice with vodka?  My mind needs a break.”
While Mike was waiting for his drink he saw an email message pop up.

From:   Vince V
To:     Mike Foley
Subj:   Meeting
Friday. @ 1400 hours.  Naval Air Facility, El Centro.  See you then.
Chapter 10


Andy came into the living room carrying a tray with two screwdriver’s and some cheese and crackers.  “Is any of this making any sense to you yet?”
“Yeah, I think so.”
“Well then could you please explain it to me?  How much trouble are we in?”
“The last question first.  I think we’re in a world of trouble right now.  I’ve got to plan our next move.  We have to stay out of their hands.  One good thing to our advantage is the GPS.  They know our government knows something about their operation.  I just got an email from Vince while you were fixing the drinks.  Tomorrow we have a meeting with Vince and others, probably CIA.  Two o’clock.”
“My head’s spinning.  Tell me what you think this is all about.”
“We may have found the outlet for the blood diamonds the Chinese are extorting from Zimbabwe.  My guess is the diamonds are brought from Zimbabwe to Beijing, then Beijing to Mexico where they make their way up to Mexicali.  As you know, Mexicali has a huge Chinese population, and as a people, the Chinese stick very close together.  It’s possible the entire smuggling operation for North America is headquartered out of Mexicali.  What I don’t know is where these diamonds are sorted and polished before arriving in the US.  My guess is Mexicali.  But it’s obvious the stones are hidden in such things as maracas and smuggled into the US.  It’s also obvious Sergeant Ricci got a hold of them.  I’m guessing a shipment got hidden in one of his dumpsters and he found them.  Who knows?  I’m guessing there had to be some kind of conflict, maybe rival gangs that caused the couriers to let go of their precious cache.  They must have found two maracas with Ricci and that’s what caused his death.  Remember that minivan?  I’m sure it was them.  You identified a Mexican and a Chinaman.  They also identified you.  That’s probably how they made the connection between us and Ricci.  So now, they’ll be focused on us and will not let up until they get what they want, the diamonds.”
“What are we going to do?”
“First off, Andy, we are not going to lose sight of each other.  We may not be safe here, tonight.  I’m thinking about that one.  Give me a little time.”
The phone rang.  It was Sheriff Perez, for Mike.
“Mike, here.”  Mike listened for a minute then responded.  “Okay.  I’ll come down.  I’ll bring Andy, too.  Hold on Sheriff.”
He cupped the phone.  “Andy, how long a drive to Holtville?”
Andy replied.  “About twenty minutes.”
Mike got back on the phone.  “Sheriff, give us a half hour, okay?  Bye.”
Mike turned to Andy.  “Put those stones in your purse, we’ve got some work to do.”
“What is it?” she asked.
“The Sheriff found a tan Dodge minivan in the desert.  One person dead inside.  He has the drug dog out there and they think it’s a deal gone bad, but since it’s the van that was following us he wants us to come down and see if you can ID the dead guy.  You up to it?”
“Of course I am. I was the only one who got a good look at the two of them.  You really want me to put all these diamonds in my purse?”
“Won’t fit in your bra.”
“Very funny.”
“Okay.  Give me five minutes to get ready.”
While Andy was dressing, Mike grabbed his computer, strapped the .38 on his leg and made a quick phone call.  “Hollywood?  Hi.  We’re heading out for a bit.  Keep an eye on the place for me, okay?  Yeah. Call if you see anything strange.  Thanks.”
Andy got in behind the wheel.  “I know the area. I’ll drive.”
 Mike gave her the directions and in five minutes they were in farmland.  Ten minutes later it was complete desert.  They passed through Holtville and proceeded another ten miles, then turned south onto a dirt road.  About a mile ahead they saw the flashing lights of Sheriff Perez’s car.  There was a county coroner’s van and another vehicle parked, as well.  They came to a stop next to the Sheriff’s car.
Mike opened his door.  “Don’t forget your purse.”
“I like a man with a sense of humor,” she said with a smile.
The van was parked in the sand on the side of a trail, tucked between some sagebrush.
Sheriff Perez waved them to him.  “There’s the van,” he pointed.  “Two kids were riding their dune buggies and came across it.  That was fortunate, because out here it could have been days or weeks before it might have been spotted.  We’re ready to remove the body but are waitin’ for you and Andy to I.D.”
It was a little difficult making a positive ID because the deceased had three bullet holes in his head, but Andy definitely recognized the corpse.  “Yeah, that’s him.  That’s the Mexican guy I saw in this van outside the Circle K.  What a mess, Mike.”
Mike looked at Andy and spoke softly to just her.  “This is execution style.  No drug bust, here.  There’s revenge in this one.  Maybe we should call it unemployment, but keep that one between us.”
Walking back towards Dennis’ car Mike heard someone calling him.  “Oh!  Hello Mike!”
Mike turned around quickly.  “Oh, hi, Janet.”
Janet came up to Mike with a smile and tried to give him a big hug, her breasts right out front.  He refused the gesture and gave her a small pat on the back.
Janet looked at Andy with jealously as she directed her speech at Mike.  “I’m surprised to see you out here.”
She turned to Andy.  “And how are you doing, Andy?  You know, it was me who really got you introduced to Mike.”
“Oh, really?” said Andy with a tight jaw.
“Yes.  He came to the newspaper looking for me.”
Mike interrupted.  “Janet, I really appreciate you contacting me about Rick’s drowning.”
Sheriff Perez saw the tension between the two ladies and decided to interrupt.  “Janet, you know Mike and Andy.  Report anything you want, but do not put their names in the paper.  They were never here as far as you are concerned.”
“Okay, Sheriff,” said Janet.
She turned to Mike.  “Mike, I do remember you owe me a lunch, ok?”
Andy moved next to Mike and put her arm around him.  “Janet, we would love to have lunch with you sometime.  Ciao.”  They got in the Jeep and backed out.
All Mike could say was, “I never invited her to lunch.”
Things were silent as they drove north up the dirt road and reached State Route ninety-eight.
Andy started to take a left, towards home when Mike stopped her.  “Andy, what happens if we turn right?”
“We’re pretty close to the Algodones Dunes.  This road follows along the All American Canal for several miles, right into the dunes.”
“Take a right, please.  I want to see something.”
“What is it, Mike?” she asked as she corrected her turn to the right instead of to the left.
“Nothing much.”
As Andy picked her speed up Mike saw what he had hunched.  A white Ford F150 pickup truck had been parked about 1000 feet from the intersection, pointing west.  When Andy turned east the truck made a U-turn and was following them.  It was gaining speed.
“Andy, how fast can this Jeep go?” asked Mike in a cheery voice.
“Oh, honey, this is my favorite toy!”  As she said this the speedometer climbed to eighty five miles per hour.  Andy was really enjoying herself now.
She smiled, reached over and turned her radio up high.  “Do you like Gloria Estefan?”  Gloria started singing “Conga!” as Andy tapped the beat with her hands on the steering wheel.
“Can you go a little faster,” he asked.
“Sure!  Not many cops around here.”  Andy had her Jeep sailing along the lonely highway at a little over one hundred miles per hour.  She was smiling and having a grand time when she glanced in the rear view mirror.  “Wow, Mike, there’s a truck behind us going just as fast as we are.”
“Yeah, I know.  We’re being tailed.  I thought maybe you’d be able to lose them.  This Jeep should be able to outpace that Ford pickup.”
The pickup was working hard to keep up.  Andy was up to one hundred and five miles per hour when the truck tried to ram her rear bumper.  It was trying to force them into a spin and cause a wreck.  Mike pulled out his .38, unbuckled, turned in his seat and was ready to fire at them.
For the first time since he met her he heard Andy really swear.  “Goddamnit!  I had to special order this bright yellow paintjob!  What do they think they’re doing to you, Tweety Bird?”  After the ramming Tweety Bird swerved precariously but held its own.  Mike was impressed with her driving skills.  The Ford had to back off the gas a little, so Andy gained a bit of distance.
“Light me a cigarette, will you Mike?”  Mike lit two, one for him and another for her. 
“Tweety bird?” asked Mike.
“Sure!  Bright canary yellow!  This is my third Jeep.  I love them.  You can use them in the dunes as well as in the mountains.  I’ll take you to Julian some time, if you want.”  As she said this she kept an eye on the Ford pickup.  It started gaining on them.  
Andy raised her voice.  “We’ll show them, Tweety!” As the speedometer crept close to one hundred and twenty miles per hour they gained even more distance, but still the truck pursued.
“Mike, I’ve got an idea.  Turn back around and fasten your seatbelt.  Ok Mike, be patient.  See that turn ahead?”  The road made a slight left turn to the northeast.
“I’ve got a surprise for you.”
Suddenly, Andy slammed on her brakes, causing Tweety Bird to spin ninety degrees to the left. The Jeep tipped dangerously on two wheels then righted itself.  Before hitting the accelerator again she dropped the Jeep into four wheel drive.  They had arrived at the Algodones Dunes.  She flew across the road and into the sand dune area.  The Ford pickup skidded along the highway, stopped and turned onto the dunes, losing precious seconds.  The hard packed sand allowed the Ford to follow, but it was having a more difficult time than Tweety Bird.
“Mike, I know this area.  I come out here all the time.”
“Do you think you can lose them out here?”
“Sure can.  Got a plan.”
“What’s that?”
“First I want them to have a long walk home, so we’re going into the dunes for several miles.  Then there’s this ravine we all play in.  People love it.  We cross it all the time.”
The Ford started to gain on Tweety Bird but Mike could tell she was just teasing them.  Suddenly, the back window of the Jeep exploded.
“Oh, shit,” said Mike, “now they’re serious.  That was a pretty high powered rifle that just shot your window out.”
Andy was really pissed now.  She took off in a flash and instead of going straight evaded them by making ess curves in the sand.
After a few minutes she turned to Mike.  “Ok, Mike, get ready.  Tighten your seat belt and hang on.”  Andy accelerated up a fifteen percent grade.  Mike could see nothing but sand and sky ahead of them.  She was doing close to seventy miles per hour when the Jeep became airborne and sailed over a fifteen foot ravine.  Once on the other side of the ravine, Andy skidded Tweety to a stop.
The Ford F150 followed in hot pursuit.  Mike and Andy took pleasure in watching the two men in the pickup as they realized they were heading straight into the ravine.  The truck’s front wheels came off the ground, but that was all.  Suddenly it headed down the 45 degree decline and crashed head first into rocks on the other side of the ravine.  The men were either dead or unconscious.  
Mike got out of the Jeep.  “Wait here.”  He left and walked down into the ravine.  When he arrived at the truck the engine had started fire.  The men, while unconscious, were not dead.  Mike took out his cell phone and carefully snapped a picture of each of them, then reached in and grabbed their wallets.  He pulled out his .38.
All Andy heard was a pop, pop.  She saw the flames of the truck as it burst into fire, and then Mike reappeared.
“Let’s go.”
Andy wanted to show Mike the dunes, so she gave him a tour.  After about ten miles they came to competition hill.  They stopped and watched as dune buggy after dune buggy sailed over the apex and become airborne.
“Can’t do that with Tweety,” she said.  It’s too steep and the sand too loose.  But it’s fun to watch.”
“Know someplace we can go for some food and drink?” Mike asked.
“Sure, we’ll go to the Glamis side of the dunes.”
 Soon they were at a small shack along Route 78.  Mike took out his phone and showed Andy the pictures of the two who were following them.
“I know that one!  He’s the other one I saw in the van at the Circle K.  The first one was the dead man we saw earlier with the Sheriff.  He’s the other one.” she said as she looked at Woo.  “That older Chinaman I have never seen before.”
Mike spent a few minutes texting Vince.  He uploaded the photos to him and left a text message, Need sanctuary tonight.  Use the GPS in my phone to find us a place close.  The two in the photos have expired.
They spent the next hour enjoying time together while they ate lunch.  Glamis was a sight to behold.  On each side of the road were sand dunes stretching as far as you could see.  The dunes were littered with all kinds of vehicles making their way in what seemed like random directions up and down the dunes.  He guessed there were over two thousand dry campers in one area alone.
As they ate lunch Andy talked about the dunes.  “This is one of my fun spots.  I’ve been coming here in the winter for years.  The dunes are six miles wide and forty five miles long.  It’s crazy here this time of year.  Someone told me they get a million and a half visitors each year.”
Impressive.  Mike remembered back to the times he bounced around in a Hummer over the dunes of Saudi Arabia and Iraq.  That wasn’t fun, this was.  His thoughts were interrupted with a call from his cell phone.
“This is Mike.”
“Jake Yellowtail.  Vince contacted me.  Come to the Quechan Casino, Winterhaven.  Go to valet parking and ask for Jake.”  The phone went dead.
Andy came back from the restroom and saw Mike close the phone.  “What is it, Mike?”
“Looks like we’ve got a place to stay tonight.”
“Where?”
“It’s called the Quechan Casino.  Do you know where it is?”
“The Q?  Of course, I go there all the time with my friend to play penny slots.  Did pretty good last month.  I took twenty dollars and came home with thirty five.”  
High roller, thought Mike.
“Can you get us there?” asked Mike.
“Sure can.  In fact we can shortcut over the dunes to the south and then jump on the eight.”
“What’s the eight?”
“The eight.  You know, Interstate eight.”  Mike had forgotten how they called highways in this part of the world.
“Let’s stay off the interstate, can we?”
“No problemo.  More fun that way anyhow.  You want to drive?”
“No, thanks.  I’m enjoying your relationship with Tweety Bird.”
“Poor thing.  She got all beat up today.”
They got in Tweety and took off over the dunes.  Andy took dune after dune in stride, and really gave Mike a ride for his money.  She knew how to handle her Jeep over and around the dunes.  Several times they were airborne and other times sailing over dunes at seventy five miles per hour.  He could tell she was having fun.  After about thirty minutes of this they came to a dirt road heading east.  Andy took the road and they left the dunes area.  About ten minutes later they took a small paved road to the south, passed under the interstate and pulled onto the Quechan Indian Reservation.
Vince knew where to take them.  Off federal land.  Nice trick.  He instructed Andy to pull up to Valet Parking in front of the casino.  She didn’t want to because she thought it cost too much.  Mike had to laugh at that one.  They stopped and the valet came out.  Mike rolled down the window.  “Jake, please.  He’s expecting us.”
“Yes, sir.  Please wait here.”  Less than two minutes later Jake Yellowtail appeared.  He was six foot six inches tall and three hundred pounds.  Mike could tell he spent a lot of time working out, there was no fat on him.  He had black hair tied in a pony tail and had the striking Indian features of high cheek bones and dark, slanted eyes.
“Hello.  Jake Yellowtail.”  He shook Mike’s hand and very politely shook Andy’s, as well.  “I’m the director of security for the casino and hotel.  You are my guests tonight.  Please follow me.”
They were led directly to the presidential suite.  Andy loved it.  The living area had a complete wet bar, sitting area, table with four chairs, a large screen TV with stereo, and a beautiful view four stories below to the pool.  On the table was a vase of fresh cut flowers and on the coffee table, a fruit basket.  In the master suite was a pillow top king size bed with silk sheets, plush carpeted floor, sitting area and closet.  On the table was a small dish of European chocolates. The bathroom had a large two passenger whirlpool tub.  Hanging on the hook were two ‘his’ and ‘hers’ terry cloth matching robes and slippers.
“Mike,” asked Jake.  “can I speak with you alone?”
“Sure.  Andy, Jake and I need to talk.  Can you give us five minutes?”  Andy excused herself and went into the bedroom.
Jake extended his hand.  “Nice to meet you, Mike.  Yuma Agent in Charge Buzz Smith sends his best, too.”
“You FBI?”
“Well, I’m both.  This is my tribe’s casino and I’m head of security.  I’m also assigned here with The Bureau.  We’ve had mafia troubles over the past couple of years.  They hate the fact that Indians can control casinos and they can’t get their hands in the kitty, so I’m here for that as well.”
“Nice place.”
“Don’t worry about security.  You’re safe.  There are more cameras looking at you than in Fort Knox.  Just stay in the hotel.  The tab’s on Uncle Sam.  Order what you want.”  He handed two passes to Mike.  “Some gambling money on the Uncle, as well.” He also gave Mike a base pass for admission into the Naval Air Facility El Centro.  “Don’t forget, two, tomorrow.”
“I won’t.  Thanks.”
A voice came from the bedroom door.  Andy was standing there in her terrycloth robe.  “Mr. Yellowtail?”
“Yes, Ms. Holmes?”
“Could you bring us a couple of T-shirts or something like that to wear?”
“Yes, Ma’am, I’ll see right to it.”
“Thank you.”  She disappeared into the bedroom.
Mike sat on a barstool and motioned Jake to sit next to him.  He poured a scotch and took a deep drink.  “Jake, do you know what is going on?”
Jake looked surprised.  “No.  I thought you did.  I just know that your safety has been given top priority and you’ll be meeting my boss tomorrow at NAF.  I heard scuttlebutt that the CIA might be there, too.  That’s all I know.”
Mike looked into Jake’s eyes.  “There are two dead Chinamen out there.  Chased us.  Wouldn’t have done anything if they hadn’t fired on us. Look at the Jeep, you’ll see.  Here’s their I.D.’s.  I doubt you’ll find them.  Whoever is after us probably cleaned the site already.”
Jake answered, “I’ll turn this in.  Maybe BLM can beat them to the bodies.  By the way, I’ll take care of the little lady’s Jeep.  Call me if you need anything.”  As he got up to leave he set his card on the bar.  “Later.”
“Thanks.”
Mike finished his drink and turned on the news, mainly for the noise.  Next he nosed in the fridge and found some cold champagne.  He decided to surprise Andy.  He found a bucket and some ice, uncorked the champagne, grabbed a couple glasses and made his way into the bedroom.  Andy wasn’t there.  He turned the corner and entered the spacious bathroom. There she was, towel over her eyes surrounded in bubbles and relaxing in the huge whirlpool tub.  He stayed there a minute just enjoying the moment.  Mike had to almost shake himself into reality.  It was like a dream that Andy came into his life under these circumstances.
He finally broke the reverie and spoke.  “Well, hello!  Enjoying the bath?  Hope I didn’t disturb you.”
“Disturb me?  Join me!  You look tense and need to relax.”
Mike stood there a little embarrassed with Andy staring at him, but only for a moment.
He set the champagne and glasses down next to the tub and looked at her.  “You pour.”
He stood up and removed his shirt.  Next he unbuckled his belt and let his pants drop to the floor.  He bent over and removed his socks.  All the time Andy was staring and smiling.
When he removed his shorts, she giggled.  “You’re not in the Air Force any more so you don’t have to salute me!” she said, enjoying the site.  “Stand at ease, soldier and hop in the tub.”  As she said this she stood up, inviting him in.  Bubbles that were cascading down her body into the bath gave an illusion of sunshine on the morning dew.  She was breathtaking. 
Mike stepped in facing her.  “Boy, its hot!” he said as he slipped his body into the water.  The whirlpools were so relaxing.  Andy handed Mike a glass of champagne then leaned back and let the water soothe her.  Mike did the same.  Face to face their legs found each other and they both laid back.  Mike had to admit, the whirlpool felt great.  He was weary from all the activity of the day.  He closed his eyes and got lost in the jets of water massaging his body and the feeling of Andy’s legs alongside his.  It was like the best dream he ever had.  He felt at home with her.
Andy closed her eyes.  “Ohh.  This feels divine,” and started wiggling her toes slowly up and down Mike’s ribs.  “Thank you for finding this place.  After everything we’ve been through I feel safe, you make me feel that way.  I’m happy.”
After a few minutes she opened her eyes and saw Mike opposite her and began to smile.  She tried to stifle it but she couldn’t.  A little giggle squeaked out.  Mike opened his eyes and looked at Andy.  It was too much.  She giggled some more.  Soon it was nonstop, giggling and laughing so hard tears started to run down her cheeks.  Mike just looked at her and didn’t know what to think. 
“Mike, you have to know something,” she giggled.  “champagne goes right to my head!”  Mike just smiled and started laughing, too.
“Has anyone told you how adorable you are?” she quipped”
Mike blushed.  “Adorable, like a teddy bear?”
“Oh, Mike, what big strong arms you have.”
Mike picked up on that one.  “All the better to hold you with, my dear.”
Andy giggled some more. “Then why don’t you hold me?”
And so he did.  He got up from where he was laying, grabbed her around the waist and kissed her.  Once again she sighed as she felt him against her.  He grabbed her by the arm and helped her out of the tub.
“Wait!  I want some more champagne!”  Standing next to the tub Mike poured her another glass, and as she sipped it, he lovingly dried her off.  Andy, set her glass down and returned the favor.  She took the towel and, starting with Mike’s head and face gently dried him while kissing him all over along the way.  She worked her way down his torso, taking the time to encourage him.  She continued down his legs and feet, and when she finished drying him she stood up.  Mike took her hand and guided her from the bathroom to the bed.  They held each other close, feeling so complete together, so relaxed that they drifted off to a dreamy sleep.
After several hours hunger took over.  They got out of bed, put their robes on, went into the living room, made drinks and ordered room service.  Soon their meals arrived along with two T-shirts that had casino advertising on them.  Mike, not one for a lot of words, was amazed at how easy it was to converse with Andy.  He simply enjoyed her presence.  They laughed about Andy’s driving techniques, and Mike had to admit, being airborne in Tweety Bird was a little scary.  It felt like a week since they discovered the diamonds, but was only a few hours earlier. 
“Mike, I can’t believe how much my life has changed over these past three days.”  After dinner Mike went to the bar and brought back the two plastic debit cards Jake had left.
“It’s been a tough day.  Want to go to the casino and try your luck?”
“I’m pretty good at the penny slots,” she said. “Sure, let’s go.”  They dressed in their matching T-shirts and before making their way to the slot machines packed the diamonds in the room safe.
When they got on the floor Andy went to the penny slots and put her player’s card in the slot, and gasped.  “Oh my God, Mike!  There’s ten thousand dollars credit on this card!”
“Well, you told me,” he said, “that you were pretty good a slots.  Why not bet dollars instead of pennies?”
“Could I?”
“Why not?  Gamble on Uncle Sam’s money.  You deserve it for everything that’s happened to you.”
“Ok.  Be a sweetie and get me a drink.  I’ll save you a chair.”  Mike walked across the casino towards the bar where he spotted Jake and they nodded.  Mike brought the drinks back and sat next to Andy.  He could make no sense of the game except that it excited her and she was up twenty thousand pennies, two hundred dollars.  Andy was having the time of her life.
“Excuse me,” Mike said.  “I’m going to try a little blackjack.  I’ll come back in a little bit.”
“Ok.  Have fun.”  It was a Thursday evening so the casino was only half full.  He sat down at the ten dollar table and retrieved some chips from the dealer.  
Jake came over and sat down.  “You were right.  Site clean.  Just a burned out pickup truck.  Very fine woman you’re protecting, there.  Gotta go.  Take care.”
After a half hour he was bored.  Not being much of a gambler, he cashed in, went to the bar and picked up two more drinks and took them over to Andy.
“My God, Mike, I’ve won the progressive!  Look, I’m up to almost one hundred thousand pennies!  How’d you do?”
“Uh, lost.  Not much.”
“Here, put your card in the machine next to me.  Just play all the lines and the computer will tell you if you win or not.”   Mike spent the next half hour playing alongside Andy.  He enjoyed the way she got excited when either he or she won.  They were having fun together.   Andy won $975.00 and Mike $200.00.
“I think it’s getting late.  What do you say we cash out and we go to bed?”
“Good idea,” yawned Andy.
They got up and took their time walking to the elevator.  Andy crooked her arm around Mikes and let her body innocently rub against his upper arm.  She could tell it was having its intended effect.  The elevator arrived empty, they got in, the door closed and he turned and kissed her passionately.
When Mike opened the door to their room Andy said, “Let’s go to bed.”  When they were inside and free from the ears of the guard standing outside their door, she whispered.  “There’s something I started in the bathroom while I was drying you that I want to finish.”
Mike slept very well that night.
Chapter 11


Friday, January 20th

Mike woke just before dawn.  He called room service, ordered a pot of coffee, and then went to the bathroom to brush his teeth.  On the way in he stopped and stared at Andy sleeping.  His mind had yet to catch up with his heart, so he was a bit confused.  If he did not have that attribute of analyzing everything he would have confessed to himself then and there that he was falling in love.
Coffee arrived with some sweet rolls.  Andy smelled the coffee and lifted her body out of bed.
She put on the terrycloth bathrobe and made her way to the living area, came up to Mike and placed a soft kiss on his cheek.  “Good morning.”  Mike kissed her back on the cheek and handed her a cup of coffee as she sat next to him.
After some wake-up time, Mike told Andy.  “I need to pick something up at the convenience store in the lobby.  Do you need anything?”
“No, I’m okay.  But I’ve got a few questions from yesterday.”
“Shoot,” he said as he lit the last cigarette in the pack.
“If I remember from that movie, aren’t blood diamonds outlawed?”
“There’s a United Nations ruling called The Kimberley Process and it’s designed to certify the origin of rough diamonds from sources which are free of conflict and established to prevent diamond sales from financing rebellious movements.  It was set up to assure consumers that the diamonds they were purchasing were not financing war and human rights abuses.  And, yeah, that was in the movie, if I recall.”
“Well if they’re smuggling large amounts of diamonds into the US, the market could get flooded.  It could cause diamond prices to drop.”
“Andy, I don’t know a lot about this, but I do know there is one large family that controls the world output and thereby, price, of diamonds.  It’s the De Beers family. They may be in on this some way, too.  I don’t know.  Maybe we’ll find out more this afternoon.”
He stood up.  “I’ll be right back.  I’ll bring more smokes.”  He threw on his clothes and made his way to the store and returned a few minutes later with some shaving gear and a cloth satchel.  The satchel had a combination lock on it.  He went to the safe and retrieved the diamonds.  After setting aside a sample of varying sized diamonds to take with him, he put the rest of the diamonds in the satchel and locked it.
He looked up at Andy.  “This casino is the best place in the world for keeping our diamonds.  I’m going to have Jake keep them in their safe for us.”  They finished eating then left the room and headed to the lobby.  Andy played with the penny slots while Mike looked for Jake Yellowtail.  Found him drinking coffee in the restaurant.
“Morning, Jake.”
“Nice evening?” Jake asked.
“Very,” he said as his mind drifted to the evening before.
“I wonder if you could keep something safe for me until I return,” he said as he showed Jake the satchel.
“No problem.  I’ll take you to the vault.  Here’s how we do it here.  I take your photo and fingerprint.  It will be on file as well as attached to the satchel.  That way only you can retrieve it.”
“Terrific.  I’ll have Andy come too, in case I have to send her for it.”
He left and got Andy and they returned to where Jake was sitting.  Jake took them to the vault and after photo shots and fingerprinting stored the diamonds safely.
“Are you ready to leave?” asked Jake.
“Yep.”
“Ok, give me five.  I’ll meet you out front.”
Andy and Mike bought a few things at the convenience store then headed out front.  After a short wait Jake drove up with Andy’s Jeep.
“Tweety Bird!” shouted Andy, all smiles.  It had been repaired, cleaned and waxed.
“Oh, Jake, thank you so much.”  As she said this she ran up to him and gave him a big hug. 
Jake just smiled, first at Andy, and then turned to Mike.  “You take good care of this woman, you hear?”  Mike and Jake shook hands and said their farewells, while Andy got behind the wheel.
“Let’s go, Mike!”  
“Take the local roads, Andy.  Let’s not have any surprises on the way over.”
After they took off Mike opened the package with the base pass.  Enclosed was a brochure.  He opened it and read the heading out loud.  “Welcome to the Naval Air Facility, El Centro, home of the Blue Angels.”
“Don’t you know about the Blue Angels?” quizzed Andy.
“No.”
“Oh, yeah, it’s a big deal down here. If you look in the stores and bars you’ll see all kinds of pictures of them.  Remember the movie Top Gun?  It was filmed down here.  Tom Cruise is really short.”
“Says here they developed the modern ejection seat at NAF.  And the British train here in the winter?”
“You’ll see funny looking planes and helicopters flying around this time of year.”
They got to Brawley and Mike suggested they stop for lunch.  They found a small restaurant, and for safe keeping parked around back.
While waiting for their food Andy asked, “What do expect from this meeting?  Do you know who will be there besides your friend Vince?”
“Vince’ll be there for sure.  I think people from the FBI and CIA will be there, too.  I used to work closely with both groups.  Most of the time they are right on, but sometimes can be unbelievably stupid.  The problem is the CIA is only on foreign soil and the FBI is in the US.  They’re set up to fail if they don’t communicate.  The war on terrorism, however has helped them focus on the issues.”
They finished eating and left for the NAF.  A little before two Mike pulled up to the gate and presented the guard with the papers given to him.
“Mr. Foley and Ms. Holmes, you are to proceed through the next two intersections, upon reaching the third take a left and look for building 1301.  It will be on the right.  Enter the south door marked ‘Door A.’”
They entered through Door A and were met by another armed guard.  “Your I.D.’s, please.  If you have any weapons, please check them here.”
They produced identification and Mike surrendered his .38.  They were told to wait and took a seat on a couple of hard wooden chairs, typical Naval Issue.
Soon Major Vince Vero came out in his Air Force Blues, smiled and shook Mike’s hand.  “Mike, it’s great to see you again, especially alive!”
“Same old sense of humor,” said Mike.  “Vince, meet Andy.  Andy Holmes.”
Vince smiled widely as he took her hand.  “It’s a pleasure, Ms. Holmes.”  He turned and winked at Mike.  “They’re all waiting.  Follow me.”
The three of them walked down a long drab hall, turned right at the end and entered a meeting room.  Introductions went all around.  There was FBI Special Agent in Charge, Buzz Smith, followed by FBI Assistant Director James Reading, Washington, then CIA Agent Frank Butterfield, Washington, and local agent CIA agent Juan Garcia, who was stationed in Mexicali.  Mike knew Agent Butterfield from several years ago when he worked with him on a smuggling operation headquartered in Liberia.  Mike’s intelligence gathering in Europe helped Butterfield crack an operation that involved the drugging and kidnapping of young American women on holiday.  Twenty-ish, single, attractive blonde women were kidnapped, drugged and then smuggled out of Europe.  After being dosed with massive drugs for days they were secretly exported into Arab countries and turned into prostitutes for rich Arabs to sample, test-tasted like someone sampling a favorite flavor from a box of chocolates.  Fuckin’ Arabs.
It was clear FBI Assistant Director Reading was the most senior, as he was the one who made all the introductions.
“Let’s begin,” he said.
Vince started.  “To bring us all up to date, let me start.  Major Mike Foley and I worked on missions together up until Mike retired several months ago.  We’ve remained in contact.  A Sergeant named Leonardo Ricci was on an operation with us during the Second Gulf War when we encountered enemy fire.  Ricci got shot up defending us and lost a good part of his brain.  He was never the same.  They shipped him stateside.  Mike and I watched out for him until one day he went missing.  You know we try to watch out for our own.  To make a long story short, two years after he’s missing from his home, Sergeant Ricci shows up in a newspaper article that talks about a homeless guy living in a small California town.  His picture was on the front page.  I noticed it and forwarded it to Mike.  Mike went down to investigate.  When he does, somebody starts tailing him and Sergeant Ricci is found dead the next morning.  Mikes friend, Andy, has very high tech GPS device hidden in her vehicle.  Mike discovers it and gets it to me.  When we open it, we realize it’s like nothing we’ve seen before.  It’s really, I mean really leading edge Chinese technology.  The damn thing can pinpoint up to 36.5 inches of accuracy on the ground from satellite.  We thought we were the only ones who had that kind of accuracy.  When I received that from Mike I knew he was into something other than searching for the murderers of a homeless guy.”
FBI Director James Reading spoke up.  “When Vince received the device he brought it to my office.  You know how close we work with Homeland Security, so I asked of them if they knew any connection between Mexico and the Chinese, because that was the origin of the device.  He directed me over to Butterfield, at the CIA, informally, of course.  That’s when we decided to get you involved, Mike.”
 CIA Agent Butterfield stood up.  “Mike and I go a long way back.  By the way, Mike, nice to see you.  Remember that smuggling operation you helped me crack several years ago?  Well, I’m still in that area and have been working closely with our local Mexicali Agent, Juan Garcia.  This is classified, but Mexicali is the leading port of entry for smuggling the Chinese into America.  It started out as an import service for domestic help and prostitutes, but they’re also are smuggling in some very dangerous people from all over the world, people who can compromise our national security.”
AIC Buzz Smith spoke.  “Mike, we have been working in all the small communities on this side, like Calexico, and been watching them very closely.  We’ve had a paid informant, a guy named Jose, but he turned up dead two days ago.  He was the one who was following you.”
“Let me continue, please,” said Butterfield.  “Mike, there’s hundreds of thousands of Chinese living across the border.  We have been trying to get to the bottom of this smuggling operation for a long time.”
James Reading from FBI spoke up.  “Mike, here’s the thing.  You know we’ve got CIA and FBI going on here.  I’m really confused about one thing.  Please explain your last email, Diamonds.  Is this some coded operation we need to know about?”
Mike had been sitting patiently listening to everyone speak.  He knew some heads were going to roll somewhere when he disclosed what he knew.  How could such an operation be going on and all they knew about was smuggling some Chinese housekeepers and whores into the USA?
He stood up and began.  “Gentlemen, I’ve sat in your seats before.  You’ve read my file, I spent my entire career in intelligence operations both inside and outside the states.  I’ll try to be kind to you because we need to work together.  But if what I have to tell you is anywhere near the truth, you guys will look like a bunch of fucking idiots.”
At this Mike reached in his pocket and threw the bag of diamonds onto the center of the conference table.  “There’s a huge diamond smuggling operation going on right under your noses.  Blood diamonds are being flooded into the US by the Red Chinese and its right here, through Mexicali!”
That dropped like a bomb.  Everyone start talking at once.
“Quiet down!”  Reading shouted.  “Let’s have some order, here!  Mike, tell us what you know, and tell us what you think, as well.”
All eyes were on Mike.  Andy sat back and gave him a smile and quick wink.  She felt proud.
Mike began.  “First, could someone have the guard go to my car and bring me my computer?  It’s in the back seat.”  He tossed out the keys. 
“Now let me tell you what I think.”
All eyes were focused on Mike.  “Behind this operation is The People’s Red Army General, a major general known as Zhao.  General Zhao spent many years in Africa supporting shaky regimes.  Look, we’re talking about a general who’d destroy a city of thirty five thousand just to have a nice landing site for his helicopter.  His favorite dictatorship is none other than Zimbabwe, Mugabe’s little country of terrorism.  He’s been working this guy for years.  You all know what has been happening to the old elite in the Chinese Red Army.  They’ve been downsizing.  Many who were past Generals are now plowing fields.  Zhao is an opportunist.  He discovered a way to bring money into the Chinese Government and at the same time prepare for his retirement, and it’s all through Mugabe.  He’s set up an operation that mines Mugabe’s diamond fields in trade for cash, support and weapons, all financed by his government.”
At this point Mike’s computer was delivered.  He took the next half hour showing the FBI and CIA information he had gathered.  His buddy Vince just smiled and shook his head.
“Like always, good work, Mike,” said Butterfield.  “I know I speak for everyone when I ask, how did you uncover all this?”
Mike continued.  “It all began with Andy and me.  I came to the Imperial Valley on behest of Sergeant Ricci’s parents to find him and bring him home.  He’d turned into a poor little homeless guy due to his head wounds in Iraq.  Andy knew Ricci and took me to him.  Where it started was earlier in the park when Andy was donating food to the homeless.  While I was with her I saw she was being watched by two men in a Dodge Caravan.  Then we were followed.  Andy took me to where Ricci lived.  We talked and then left.  The next day Ricci was found dead, drowned.
“Let me tell you what I think happened.  Andy owns a resale shop.  She helps the homeless by selling the junk they bring to her.  Ricci found maracas in his dumpster and brought them to Andy for resale, but kept two as a souvenir. The maracas were the transport vehicles where cut diamonds were hidden for smuggling into the US.  Whoever was following us found Ricci and found his souvenirs.   It’s obvious to me that a shipment of diamonds was intercepted and was discarded, probably hastily, in a dumpster to be retrieved later.  Ricci got there first and took them.  He knew nothing about diamonds.  Whoever wanted them had to be the same ones who were following us, the same ones who ransacked Andy’s home and the same ones who chased us into the dunes yesterday.  I know they are because Andy positively ID’d the two of them.  And I know the maracas were the transport vehicle, because that’s where the diamonds you see in that bag came from.  We cut the maracas open and there they were.”
Yuma AIC Smith asked Mike, “What happened in the dunes yesterday?”
Mike looked sharply at him.  “You already know, but I’ll repeat it for the rest of you.  After we ID’d the body of the Mexican who you say now is Jose, for the Imperial County Sheriff we started to return home.  I spotted a suspicious vehicle so had Andy turn in the opposite direction.  It followed and rammed us.  We evaded them and got into the Algodones dunes then went off-road.  Thanks to Andy’s driving skills they couldn’t keep up.  That’s when they started shooting at us.   They finally crashed in a ravine and burned, but first I got their photos and ID’s.  I turned that over to Jake Yellowtail last night.”
CIA Agent Garcia spoke up for the first time.  “Gentlemen, as you know I ID’d the older man.  It was Colonel Woo of the Peoples Republic of China Red Army.  His identification was fake.  He did not want to be found in the US as Colonel Woo.  His name showed up as Carlos Xiao, a migrant worker complete with a Green Card.  The other person in the car with him was his grandson.  In Mexicali they are the leaders of the Dragonfly Mafioso.  They are considered very important people.”
FBI Assistant Director James Reading stood up.  “Gentlemen, I think we need to outline this.  I see we have four problems.  First, I have to go with Foley’s assumptions.  There’s a smuggling operation going on here that fits into some other things we are investigating at the Bureau.  Second, this is a politically delicate situation.  We do not want this to get to the press until after it is exposed.  Thirdly, we have a problem with a Chinese Red Army renegade as well as the Government.  After all, the Chinese Government is filling its coffers with blood diamond money at the expense of Americans.  You know the liberal attitude towards the Chinese in the current regime in Washington.  They can do no wrong.  We must tread lightly.  Fourthly, we have a domestic problem.  For this to take place there needs to be a strong and well run network here in the US that is distributing the diamonds.  I’ll have to check with my contacts at De Beers, they have to know something.”
He looked down at his notes, took off his glasses and spoke.  “Does anyone want to add anything to this?”  Everyone was taking notes.  No one spoke up.
He continued.  “Very well, then I suggest we break for ten and then meet back here to put our plan together.  Mike, Andy, there’s a commissary not too far from here.  I think it will take us a couple of hours.  It’s now 1500 hours, could you meet us back here at 1700?”
“Sure thing,” said Mike.
“Thank you.  Please, do not leave the base.”
Mike and Andy left the building, got in her car and drove around the base.  They reached a point where they had a complete view of the runway, got out, walked to the fence and lit a cigarette.
“Wow, Mike!”  She said.  “You really knocked them out back there!”
Suddenly there was a deafening roar from overhead.  They looked up and the practicing Blue Angels sped down the runway less than fifty feet above the ground.  The next second they went vertical and soared to ten thousand feet before leveling off.  Quite a sight.
“Well, I had to get their attention in there.  At first I thought they were playing dumb with us, but after a while I realized they knew nothing about the diamond operation.  I had to hit them over the head with it.  It had its intended effect.”
“I was proud of you.  I can see now how you were successful in Intelligence.”  They finished smoking, watched the Blue Angels some more, then proceeded to the cafeteria for a snack. They returned to the meeting on time.
Reading invited them back in.  “Welcome back.  I think we’ve come up with a plan and since it involves you two, we’d like to discuss it with you.”
Over the next hour they outlined their plan.  The CIA was to investigate General Zhao and his operation, try to locate a facility in Mexicali, if one did, indeed exist.  The CIA needed time to explore.  The FBI would work it from the US standpoint, and try to find out what the distribution network was all about.   Both spy units needed more information, and the way to find it was to flush out some bodies.  That’s where Mike and Andy came in.  They knew they were being sought after, so they would make good decoys.
When they were finished with the outline Mike responded, “So you want us to stick our necks out for you.  Like we want to be on the wrong side of a bullet?  That’s what you’re asking, isn’t it?”
“Mike,” said Butterfield, “it’s not like that.  You know we can protect you.  We’re not letting you out on your own.  We’ll be on you like white on rice.  In fact, there’s something I want to show you.”  Butterfield got on the intercom and a few minutes later a Navy Surgeon came in the room.
He continued.  “Mike, you know that device you sent us from the Chinese?  Well, we’ve actually got better than that.  You don’t know any of this, ok?  We’re taking a risk showing it to you.”   He turned to the surgeon.  “Captain Jones, show them what I’m talking about.”
The surgeon pulled out two very slim tubes.  Inside the tubes were microelectronic chips about the size of a piece of rice.
Captain Jones continued.  “We’re not quite yet to nano technology, but we’re damn close.  Inside this one-quarter inch tube is an extremely powerful tracking device combined with a bio-monitoring system that tracks your body functions.”
Butterfield interrupted.  “The long and short of it, Mike, is we can know wherever you are on this earth to within twelve inches.  If you will allow Captain Jones to temporarily insert these under your skin, you will be under constant surveillance and should the need arise, we can be to you in minutes.  The process is painless.”
Andy spoke up.  “That’s like the cattle on Dad’s farm.  We chip all the important bulls and other animals like Chief, my dog.  That’s cool! Mike, it’s okay with me!”
The plan was to start out simple.  They’d have cover tailing them everywhere they went.  This evening they would arrive home and two FBI agents would already be hidden in the home.  Any attempts to come after Mike and Andy would be thwarted, and the FBI would have someone to take into custody and interrogate.  If more extreme interviewing was needed they would ship them across the border to Mexico and hand them over to the CIA.  Tomorrow, Andy was to go to work as usual and talk to her business partner.  She was to schedule a trip back to her Orange County shop and home, with Mike along, of course.  Once back in Orange they would take a sampling of diamonds to several different wholesalers to see what they could scare up.  If there was a local organization it probably was in the LA area and Mike and Andy may just tip them off to the whereabouts of their stolen diamonds.  Just a fishing expedition, but you never know what you might catch.
FBI AIC Buzz Smith had already sent two agents from Yuma for the task. They would be guarding them in Andy’s home tonight.  Mike exchanged personal cell phone numbers of all the people at the meeting and was promised 24/7 access.  Additionally, they would be tracked from El Centro NAF and that was their first point of contact, especially if in trouble.
Vince was to be the point man in Washington and would keep everyone informed.  He’d do the internal intel work.  Everyone got up and shook hands. The meeting was over.  Vince took Mike and pulled him aside.  “You’re in big trouble.”
“Yeah, I know”
“No, Mike I don’t think you do.”
“What do you mean?”
“I’m not talking about the Chinese, you idiot!”
“Huh?”
“Huh, is right, you goon.  Does she have a younger sister?”
“Vince!”
“Vince, nothing!  This one’s got you.  Never seen your eyes sparkle like that.  Take good care of that lady,” he said as he patted Mike on the back and walked up to Andy.  “Andy, it was a pleasure.  Mike is my best friend, and I’m very happy he’s met you.  Don’t worry, I know Mike, and he’ll take good care of you.  You’re safe.”
“Thank you,” said Andy.  She gave him a big hug.  “I like you already.”
“When I come back maybe you could fix me up with a friend of yours.”
“Sure.  I know just the one.  Her name’s Janet,” she said as she gave Mike a dirty look.
Vince laughed and waived as he walked out of the room.  He glanced at Mike and, with a big smile on his face, shook his head and left.
Before Mike and Andy left they were escorted into the operations room.  It was here they were to be monitored 24 hours a day.  They met the officer of the day and exchanged phone numbers.
“It’s been a long day, Mike,” Andy said as they walked to the car.  “I can’t wait to get home and have a drink.  Do you like Chinese?”
She stopped and stared laughing out loud.  “Oh, Mike, that was funny.  I meant Chinese Food.”  They picked some up to go.  By the time they arrived home it was dark, probably about eight.
After eating their dinner and cleaning up, Mike hooked up his PC to the monitoring system and enabled SST.  All looked ok.  
He got curious and called Agent Smith.  “Smith, Mike, here.  I know Yuma is an hour away, but was wondering when your men are going to get here?”
“Mike, they checked in at seven.  From your house- Shit, Mike.  Things are not right.  I’m sending two agents over right now.  Hang on.  Keep an eye out for the worst.”
Mike hung up the phone, turned off the kitchen light and rushed Andy into the hallway.
“What’s up, Mike?”
  “Andy, where’s that twelve gauge?”
“Right here,” she said as she opened the hall closet.  She pulled out the shotgun and handed it to Mike, and then reached up and grabbed a box of shells.
Mike took her arm.  “Let’s move back to the bedroom.”  They slid into the master bedroom, closed and locked the door, inspected the bath and closet.  He was just about to check the patio door when they heard a huge blast shatter the wooden front door.
“Damn!” said Andy.  “That door cost me three thousand dollars!”
Mike jumped to action.  He knew it would be only a matter of seconds before the bedroom door was busted in. He dialed the phone.  “Hollywood.  Mike.  Might need backup,” and disconnected.  He took Andy and they slid out the patio door, closing it quietly behind him.  Quickly they ran thirty feet to the corner of the house.  They had just turned the corner when automatic gunshot grazed by them and riddled Andy’s six foot privacy fence at the edge of the lot.  When the rounds from the stopped Mike immediately turned back around the corner and blindly pumped off two shots.  A huge Chinese man was rushing toward Mike and got blasted dead center at about twelve feet away.  The Chinaman fell dead on the spot, a huge hole in his center section. A twelve gauge at that distance will do that to you.  Mike looked and saw the dead man’s heart and liver blasted all over the patio table, the same one where he and Andy had laughed and loved just a couple of nights ago.
“We gotta get out of here.  Fast!”
Andy looked at Mike.  “There’s a back gate.  Next to my workshop.”
“Can’t go that far.  Gotta scale the fence.”  With that he bent down, cupped Andy’s foot and hoisted her to the top.
On the way up she grabbed the shotgun.  “I’ll take this.” He hoped she could make it down the other side.  She did.  Easily.  He stepped back six feet then vaulted it in one leap, landing next to Andy.
He grabbed the shotgun.  “We got to get to safety.  You got your cell phone?”
“Yes.  What do you want me to do?” She whispered.
“Just don’t lose it.  I want to make it into the fields on the other side of the Central Main Canal.  Can we do it through the back yards?”
“Follow me.”  Andy took the lead and brought them toward the front of the house.  When they made it to the corner she heard a click.  A pistol was pointed at the side of her head and she felt a knife pushing against her juggler.
Andy moved in a split second.  Faster than the eye could see she spun around while grabbing the wrist holding the pistol, twisted just right and instantly the gun fell from the man’s hand.  She then made a sweeping movement and sent the man head over heels, all the while holding her grip on his wrist.  The wrist did not move, but the body did.  That’s when the definite snap told of a broken wrist or arm.  Before the man could make a sound Andy had him on his back and was on top of him.
She positioned her right knee expertly over his throat and thrust it into his Adam’s apple rendering him unconscious.  “That’s for ruining my front door, you son of a bitch!”
She got up and started running across the front yard with Mike, but suddenly faltered and pitched forward, almost losing her balance.
Mike looked over and saw blood seeping through her blouse and down her arm.  “I need to take a quick look at that.”
He looked up and saw movement in the side yard by the garage so knew it wasn’t safe to stop right then.  He helped Andy up and started crossing the street as quietly as possible.  Mike heard a soft whistle, looked up and saw Hollywood motioning them to his house with one hand while toting an AK-47 in the other.  They rushed inside as Hollywood opened the door, 
“Thanks, Hollywood,” panted Mike while holding Andy.
“You take care of Andy, I’ll cover.”
Mike ushered Andy into the kitchen where he pulled her blouse off and inspected it.
“How is it, Mike?” she asked.
“Not deep.  The knife caught you on your shoulder muscle and about twelve inches down your back.  The way you twisted him caused it.  How do you feel?”
“A little shaky, but don’t really feel any pain.  It’s just hot.”
“Good, ‘cause we gotta get the hell out of here.  Gimme your cell phone.”
While he dressed her wounds with one hand he dialed NAF with the other.  “Ten minutes max.  Southeast corner of Austin and Worthington.”
“Andy,” ordered Mike looking in her eyes, “we gotta move, now!”
“I’m okay.”
They flew out the back door and turned west toward the Central Main canal along Hay Street.  As Andy pointed the general direction of the canal, Mike kept them off the main road as much as possible to avoid streetlights.  Unfortunately, their running down a neighborhood street started dogs barking along the way.  When they were about two blocks from Andy’s house Mike looked back and saw a man running after them, about a block back.  At the same time he saw lights come on and a car that was parked across the street from Andy’s driveway started racing in their direction.  Mike stopped, gave the shotgun to Andy and knelt on one knee.   His pistol was out, he aimed and was ready to fire at the man chasing them when gunshot erupted from behind the man and he dropped to the ground.  ‘Thanks Hollywood,’ he thought.  Mike turned, grabbed Andy and raced towards the canal.  They gained some ground. The car, however, continued to speed towards them.  Hay Street came to an end where there was a guard rail blocking further passage. They jumped the rail and ran up the bank of the canal. The only way across the canal was one quarter mile to the south along the bank, where Worthington crossed over and intersected with Austin.  The driver of the car, seeing he could not continue, made a U turn and headed back to the main road.  Mike anticipated he was going to curve back and come at them at that intersection.  They took a few seconds to catch their breaths.  He took Andy’s cell phone and dialed his contact.  “Give me five, no more than ten, minutes. I’m confirming we’ll meet you in the field in the southeast corner of Austin and Worthington.  Being pursued as we speak.  Need support.”
They rose and ran along the canal, Mike helping keep Andy upright.  As they neared the intersection he saw a problem.  The area was wide open and too well lit.  He knew they would be taking a big risk, especially if the car in pursuit made it there before they did.  He looked around and noticed a small beam crossing the canal.  Focusing his eyes he saw it was a water gate that was used to divert the canal water into the fields.
He pointed.  “Andy, can you maybe crawl over?  It’s wide enough we can straddle it like a horse.”
“I think so. My shoulder really doesn’t hurt that bad.”
 “Okay, let’s give it a try.  You go first.”
Andy slid half way down the canal bank and reached the bar.  She straddled across the beam and began scooting across the canal, one leg on each side of the bar.  The water was about ten feet below and running fast.  About half way across she got dizzy, almost fell off, but Mike was close behind her and kept her upright.  He looked at her arm and saw a lot of blood coming out of her wound, but knew he could do nothing about it right now.
Andy continued inching along with Mike right behind her.  They were three-quarters across when the car that was chasing them came to a screeching halt at the intersection two hundred feet south. Two men jumped out.  One looked north to where he knew Mike and Andy would be coming from and the other inspected the area around the bridge.
Thanks to the cover of darkness, Andy made it undetected to the other side with Mike in tow.  But as soon as she raised herself onto the bank her profile revealed their position.  Mike scrambled off the water gate and next to Andy.  He heard shots and saw muzzle fire from the man shooting at them from the other side of the canal, but they were pistol shots so Mike knew the likelihood of them scoring a hit at such a distance was slim to none.  He told Andy, “No accuracy in those little pistols.  They’re only good for close-in stuff.”  He grabbed Andy’s good arm and helped her to the top of the bank without worry of injury.
“Hold on, Andy.  We’ve made it!” he said as he helped her up.  “All we have to do is make it across the road and into the field.”
The two men realized they had to get closer so raced to their car and sped across the bridge to Austin Road.  As they turned north up Austin they could see Mike and Andy racing west across the two lane street and directly into the field of newly cut alfalfa.  
Andy started sneezing.  “Sorry, Mike, I’m allergic to this stuff!  Achooo!”  As they raced westward into the field the car followed in pursuit, but with the field partially plowed it was hard going for a car.
“Mike, I’m okay.  I got my wind back.”
“Not too far to go, Andy.  Hang in there.  We’re not out yet.”
One man got out of the car and rushed them on foot while the other kept the lights of the vehicle trained on Mike and Andy’s path.  Mike saw he was closing in on them so made a course correction by turning north.
Ahead, Mike spotted a gigantic hay stack that had been set up alongside the road from the harvest, so he turned in that direction for safety. The hay stack was composed of bales of alfalfa and was fifty feet long by twelve feet wide and approximately twelve feet high.  They had, at best, a minute lead on the man on foot.  Mike rounded them to the back of the hay stack and decided the top would make a good place to hide.  Like most bales, they were twined, so it should be no trouble scaling it to the top.
“Think you can make it to the top?  I’ll help.”
“Shit, Mike, I grew up on a cattle ranch.  I could climb this with one arm!”
The man running on foot arrived at the hay stack and started looking around the perimeter, aiming his gun each time he turned the corner of the stack.  Moments later the car arrived and stopped.  The other man got out and ran the opposite way around the haystack hoping to pin Mike and Andy, not realizing they were on the top of the stack, watching.
Suddenly, there was a moment of total confusion.  A huge windstorm came up and seconds later they were bathed in blinding light.  The first man panicked, raised his pistol and started firing at the light while the second man got in the car and tried to escape.  The car got about one hundred feet closer to Austin Road when Mike heard the unmistakable sound, the sound of a small missile being fired from a pod on the Navy helicopter.  In a split second the missile exploded into the car sending it into flames.
Mike and Andy were watching all from atop the haystack.  They saw four Marines in battle gear disembark the helicopter and approach the haystack.  Andy looked over and spied their assailant hiding in a corner of the haystack below, while the Marines surrounding it were cautiously approaching.  They wanted him alive.  Thinking back to her farm days she wiggled her toes between a hay bale on the corner and nudged it loose.  Twelve feet below it landed squarely on top of her assailant, knocking him out instantly.  When the Marines got to him they saw what happened.
The lieutenant looked up, smiled, and then saluted Andy.  “Good work, Ma’am!”
Andy just smiled and saluted back.  “Thank you!”
The lieutenant shouted up to Mike and Andy.  “If y’all would like to come down I think we can arrange a ride for you.”  
They got off the haystack and made their way to the waiting helicopter that took them to the Naval Air Facility.  When they got there they were ushered into the air operations conference room where a medic was standing by for Andy.  
Here, Ma’am, let me take a look at that,” said the medic.
“Is it bad?”
“Not too, Ma’am, but this anesthetic might burn a little.  Looks like you’ll need about twelve stitches, but you should recover fine.  Mainly surface wounds, but a little deep in some parts.  A little deeper and you would’ve been in serious trouble.  You’ll be sore for awhile, but you’ll do okay.”
A few minutes later Buzz Smith entered.  “Mike, I’m so glad to see you and Andy are okay.  I’m sorry we failed you.”
“What happened?” asked Mike.
“Well, they were in the house before my agents got there.  Somehow my guys missed them in the search.  They were ambushed.  We found both of them, good agents, dead.  One was strangled with piano wire and the other stabbed from behind.  We found their bodies stuffed in the workshop out back.”
By this time Andy was sewn up and had a large bandage over the wound.  “What about the man I knocked out in the front yard?”
“Well, he’s in surgery, Ma’am.  We think he’ll make it ok.  I’m sure we’ll get ID and information out of him when he pulls through.”  Buzz turned to Mike and ran his finger across his throat, a sign the guy was really a goner.
Buzz continued.  “Look, Mike, I’m sorry this happened.  On the bright side we finally have someone alive to interrogate.  Here’s what I’d like to suggest.”
As he was saying this Andy got up and walked to the corner of the room.  She pulled out her cell phone and made a call, returning a few minutes later.  
Buzz filled Andy in on what they were discussing.  “Andy, the plan is for us to get you back to the house and give you overt protection.  That is, guards outside.  Then we can assure a safe weekend for you and Mike.  We need a few days to sort this all out, so we’ll keep you off the street.”
“Sorry, Buzz,” said Andy.  “No can do.”
“What do you mean?” asked Buzz with a quizzical look on his face.
“I’ve had a hell of a week.  Sorry, Mike, but since you’ve come into my life there’s been nothing but murder and mayhem.  Let’s see,” she said ticking items off on her fingers, “first Rick’s murdered, and then my home ransacked, oh, more than once, mind you.  And how about people chasing us through the desert, and gosh, Buzz, how many dead bodies are in my yard and workshop?  Oh, yes, my shoulder getting in the way of a knife, too! And, oh, how I loved my custom front door!  God!  I need a break!”
Mike put his arm around Andy.  “Andy, I’m sorry.  But we will be safe in your house.”
“Nope!  No can do.  I’ve already made arrangements.  All you have to do is get us there.”
“Where?”
“Daddy’s ranch.  I called and they’re excited to meet you.  It’s safe, secluded, and a place where no one will know where we are.  Anyway, I want to show you my bedroom complete with my antique doll collection!”
 Buzz asked.  “Where is the ranch?”
Andy responded.  “Maybe you’ve heard of it.  It’s a pretty big cattle ranch northwest of Denver called Holmes on the Range.  All our beef has the HR brand on them.”
Buzz shook his head.  “Ma’am I don’t know if we can do that.”
“Bull shit!” retorted Andy.  “Mike, if you don’t go have a talk with those Navy flyboys and your friends in Washington right now, I’ll have Daddy fly his Lear Jet in here to get us.  There’s hundred’s of aircraft out there on the tarmac.  Get one of them to take us to Daddy’s ranch, now!”
Mike turned to Buzz.  “You know, that may not be a bad idea.  You can make it appear that Andy and I are being guarded at the house by using a couple of decoys, and then Andy and I will truly be safe because anyone watching will think we’re in her house while we’re really in Colorado.  Let me make a couple of calls. Andy, give me your Dad’s address.”  Mike left and went into the Ops room.
On his way out Andy shouted to Mike.  “Tell them Daddy’s runway is 5,260 feet.”
Over the next hour everyone was pretty busy.
Mike left a message for Vince and a few minutes later it was returned.  “Shit, Mike, I’m gone less than four hours and six people are dead!  You don’t waste any time. Yeah, I like the idea of Colorado, especially since Andy needs time to recover from her wounds.  Flesh wounds need a little time, and she’ll be sore as hell tomorrow.  Back to you in a few with approval.”
Things got set up for Mike and Andy to fly to Colorado, while at the same time they would appear to be holed up in Andy’s home.  After a while two Marines showed up, a man and a woman.  The female marine was the same size and build as Andy and the man looked like Mike.  The Marine Lieutenant spoke up.  “Sir, we’re to be your replacements.  You will enter the home with us, we’ll change clothes and you will come back to base with our battle gear on.”
Everything went without a hitch.  Andy and Mike gathered her belongings and changed into the military gear.
Before leaving Andy turned to the female officer.  “Feel free to enjoy my home while you’re here.  There’s all kinds of special spa treatments for the bath.”
She looked at the lieutenant.  “And be sure to use my candles.  The scents are wonderful!  Freezer and cabinets are stocked with food, and the wine is above the fridge.  Just one thing, I laid a set of fresh sheets on the bed.”  With that Andy put her hair on top of her head and put her helmet on.  “Let’s go.”
One hour later they were aboard the Navy C-37B at thirty-eight thousand feet heading to Colorado.  Mike and Andy were seated together in the mid-section of the executive jet.  He got up and went to the galley, retrieved two glasses with ice and returned.
Andy pulled out the bottle of scotch she had retrieved from the house and poured them a drink.  “Time to relax, Mike.  It’s been a rough week.  And, oh by the way, I didn’t tell my father how we met or what has happened.  Especially the knife wound.  He’s real curious, though, how I got the Navy to bring us to his ranch!  But you can catch him up!  I’ll leave that up to you, dear.”
“Hope he likes me.”
“Oh, Mike, they both will.”  It was quiet for several minutes while Andy stared out the window and sipped her drink.
Presently she handed Mike her glass.  “Pour me some more scotch, will you?”
Mike got up and fixed them both another drink.  When he sat back down she took the drink and continued.  “Can I ask you a question?”
“Shoot.”
“I’ve only heard about it.”
“About what?”
“Well, what’s the mile high club?”
“Ahh, err.  I’ve only heard about it, too.”
“Wanna try?” she said with a big smile and twinkle in her eye.
Mike got up.  “I’ll let the pilot know we’re going to take a nap.  I’ll have him dim the lights.”
“Okay.”
Chapter 12


Dean had been sitting in Zimmer’s office for almost an hour listening to the conversation between Zimmer and General Zhao.
When Zimmer hung up Dean slammed his fist into his other hand.  “Fuckin’ Chinese, always demanding this and that, continually wanting more and more.  Zhao is all over our case because his diamond business is temporarily halted.  Shit, it’s our business, too.”
“Calm down, Dean,” said Zimmer.  “Somehow U.S. Customs is in on the scheme and it makes him nervous.  That’s causing operations in Mexicali to get backed up because the inventory isn’t flowing north.  His partners in the Chinese government still expect payola to come back every week, so he has no choice but to pay out of his own pocket.  That’s why he’s so cranky.”
“Yeah, I know.  And he’s really angry at the number of his people who were killed trying to get at them, especially the Woo family.  It’s hard getting replacements, or rather, costly, and for that he wants revenge.”
Zhao called back and Zimmer put him on speaker phone.  “Look, your man Dean has a network of killers.  I want, no I demand you find the man and woman and kill them.  I do not care their positions in Washington, I want revenge.”
Zimmer tried to calm Zhao down.  “Look General, we will do our best on this side to find out who they are.  I have Washington connections and when we find out I will have Dean do his job.  Calm down.”
“Do you know how many of my men they killed?”
“Yes, yes.  I know,” said Zimmer.  “But if you want this operation to remain secret, you have to use discretion.  I promise we will get to the bottom of it.  In the meanwhile, I have a question for you.”
“What is it?” asked Zhao.
“I need to know how you are going to keep my operations open.  If you cannot supply what we need, I will have to look elsewhere.  What are your plans?”
Zhao screamed back.  “WHAT?  Are you threatening me?  You should not…should not…be so foolish…I can make you a poor man, better yet a dead poor man very quickly.  You do not threaten General Zhao!”
Zimmer smiled at Dean and turned on his soothing voice.  “Now, now General.  We have been in business a long time, and have worked well together.  I’m just reminding you that without your shipments of diamonds we have a problem on this end, as well.  Please, General, understand this side of things, too.”
A calmer Zhao replied, “My operations will continue almost immediately, Mr. Zimmer.  You can be assured of that.  The diamond flow will be restored within the week.”
“That’s very good to hear, General.  Thank you.”
“Mr. Zimmer?” questioned Zhao.
“Yes, General.”
“I have spoken of our situation to a relative of mine who is close to our Ambassador in Washington.  Our Ambassador has your stupid administration believing my country is the model for yours!  How stupid this American president is.  Because of this your administration wants to be very friendly to the People’s Republic of China.  I will arrange for my Ambassador to have some high level talks with people in your administration.  I am sure that will cause a favorable result for us.”
Zimmer replied.  “Ok, General, that’s a good idea.  Meanwhile, I’ll look into who these two people are who are causing such problems for your operation.  Let’s plan to speak again, two days from now, at the same time.”
“Thank you, Mr. Zimmer.”  The line went dead.
Dean shook his head.  “Boss, I don’t know how you can deal with that skinny slant-eyed bastard.  I’d like to pop him between the eyes and watch his brains blow out the back of his head.”
“Calm down, Dean.  You may just get the chance to do that someday, but right now we need him.  His diamonds are some of the best quality I’ve ever seen.  And this operation goes right up the ass of my past employer, De Beers.  I love it!”
Dean snickered.  “Yeah.  It’ll teach them not to fuck with someone who gave them the best years of his life.”
Zimmer added.  “I worked hard and deserved to run their US operations but they screwed me!  Put in some Dutch cock-sucking pussy who didn’t earn it, was just family.  Forced me to work for that bastard.  Funny thing is, their precious diamond empire in the US is crashing and they have no clue who’s doing it to them.  That’ll get them for hiring that fuckin’ Vanderveer relative.”
“Yeah, boss.  Pretty funny.”
“Listen,” added Zimmer, “don’t make any moves yet, but I’d sure like to find out who those two are that are causing havoc with Zhao’s operation.  Maybe we could get them to meet with us.  You never know, maybe they’re rogues, maybe not.  Could even be they’re looking for a rewarding career in diamond smuggling and need an employer.”
Dean got up from his chair.  “I’ll look into it.  Talk to you later.”  With that he turned and left Zimmer’s penthouse office.
Zimmer was more of a politician than the politicians he had in Washington and Sacramento.  Over the years he wined and dined them, never asking for much in return.  A little vote here a little vote there.  A turn of head sometimes, becoming members of certain sub-committees at other times.  There were over a dozen State and Federal Senators he could use to further his purposes.  Of course, it cost him tens of millions in cash over the years, both above and below the table.  They were such greedy bastards, especially the more senior of politicians like Senator Jackson.  The farther to the left, the more corrupt.  It was money well spent.  Now it was time to collect some information.
Zimmer picked up his phone and made a call.  “Senator Jackson, Zimmer here.  Elections are right around the corner and I wanted to let you know I will support your campaign again this year.”  After a pause, “You’re welcome.  Listen, Senator, I have a little situation here I’d like you to look into for me.  Nothing big, just some quiet information that may help my import-export business with China.”
He spent the next two hours making similar calls to the rest of his political contacts.  When finished, his feelers were into the CIA, the FBI, Homeland Security and Congress.  He would find out what was going on, and with a little more funding keep his blood-diamond import business intact and uninterrupted.
When finished, he stood up, went to his office door and locked it three times.  Next he entered his private bathroom and started washing his hands, first concentrating on the index finger, one, two, three- up to fifteen, then the middle finger, one, two, three- fifteen.  He kept this up until all fingers had been washed and stroked fifteen times, then he continued with the cleaning ritual fourteen times on each finger, then thirteen, then twelve –
Chapter 13


The Navy co-pilot shook Mike on the shoulder and woke him up.  “ETA twenty minutes Mr. Foley.”  He walked back to the cockpit.
Mike smiled as he saw Andy sleeping, head cocked back and mouth open catching flies.  He leaned into her and placed a kiss on her forehead waking her up.
She put her arms around him and gave him a big hug along with a yawn.  “Are we there yet?”
The Gulfstream made an uneventful landing and taxied up to where Dad was waiting by his Jeep.
It was a big, long hug.  “Oh, Daddy!  It’s so nice to be home.”
She broke away, still holding his hand.  “Mike, this is my Dad, Alex.  Alex, meet Mike.”
Mike stepped forward and shook his hand.  “Nice to meet you, sir.”
“Sir, nothing.  My name is Alexander, but everyone calls me Alex.  You can, too.”
Mike excused himself and walked up to the pilot.  “Thanks for the lift, boys!”
The pilot responded.  “What lift?  We were never here.  Not even a flight plan.  But you might see me again around Tuesday.”  They saluted and the pilot entered the C-37B, closed the hatch, made its way to the end of the runway and took off.  Two minutes later it was so quiet they could almost hear the light snow falling around them.
Alex got in the Jeep.  “Let’s get to the house, your mom’s waiting.  She figured you’d be hungry, so she’s whipping up some stuff.”
“Oh, boy,” said Andy.  “I hope you’re hungry, Mike.  Some stuff means she’s got a feast for us.”
Alex started the Jeep and turned towards the ranch house.  “Mike, I’m curious about something.”
“Shoot.”
“How is it a Navy VIP jet brought you both here?”
“Well, sir, it’s a long story.  It has something to do with my past Air Force career in intelligence.”
Andy jumped in.  “I can’t wait to tell you and Mom all about it.  Let’s wait until we get to the lodge so we can all talk.  My shoulder hurts.”
What’s wrong, honey?” asked Alex
“A little scuffle tonight.  That’s why we’re here.  Mike’ll tell you all about it later.  I’m okay.”
It was a short, five minute drive through the lightly falling snow.  Wipers were on intermittent and the defroster on high.  The home was hidden by tall evergreens that were planted on the west side for protection from the wind, so Mike didn’t see the lodge until they turned into the driveway.  Over the driveway spanned an arch with the words Holmes on the Range with their distinctive cattle brand marking ‘HR’ on either side.  The lodge was a massive log home, at least six thousand square feet in size, on a slight rise with a spectacular view out the front.  Off to the east side was a very large barn with a small pond next to it.  Mike had never seen a place like this before.  Momentarily, he imagined Andy growing up here, and smiled.  Good stock.
Alex punched the remote garage door opener button and the last of five doors opened.  As soon as he drove in and hit the close button, the friendly face of Angie appeared at the door.  She was a very attractive 50-ish woman, tall, probably five foot nine, short blonde hair with a very trim and fit body.  As Alex got out of the Jeep, Mike got a good look at him.  Alex was six foot three, probably 190 pounds, sandy blonde hair with hints of grey, tanned complexion and very muscular.  Mike could tell he worked the ranch and also worked out.  They made a nice couple.
Andy jumped out of the car, ran up to Mom and they hugged.  “Mom, this is Mike, Mike Foley,” she said with a big smile on her face.
Mike extended his hand to shake Angie’s, but she would have nothing to do with that.  Instead she reached out with both arms and gave Mike a big hug.
“Mike, it’s so nice to meet you,” she said with a warm smile.  “Come on in and make yourself at home.”  She grabbed Mike’s arm, led him up the stairs into the lodge and into the great room.  Before entering the house they all took their shoes off and left them by the door.  It was a huge living room with the focal point being a massive stone fireplace set ablaze with a warming fire.
Angie let go of Mike’s hand and turned to Andy.  “You boys get to know each other while Andy helps me finish up in the kitchen.  Alex, be a good host and make Mike a drink.”  
With that mother and daughter took off to the kitchen.
Mom winked at Andy.  “Honey, he’s a hunk.”  Andy giggled.
“Take the steaks out of the fridge, will you?  How did you two meet?  Where is he from?  Andy, hand me that plate, will you?  Are you two serious?  Turn on the grill, please.  You know, he’s only the second man you’ve ever brought here.  How long have you known each other?  How does Mike like his steak?  Oh, but first, what happened to your shoulder?”
“I got stabbed.  Medium rare.  Five days.  Chicago.  Serious?  Yeah, I think I am.  The first since Richard.”
“Reeeally?” said Mom with a surprised look on her face.  “I’ve never said anything before, and please don’t get upset when I tell you.  I didn’t have that great of a feeling about Richard.  Mike, though, well, I can tell he’s different.  There’s a feeling of strength about that one.”
Meanwhile, the two men made their way to the bar at the opposite end of the great room.  Alex poured Mike a Dewar’s and water and a Stoli on the rocks for himself.  They returned and sat opposite each other in front of the fireplace.
“So, Mike, tell me about you.”
“Well, I was born and raised in suburban Chicago.  Dad’s a Chicago Cop, and quite a joke teller, mind you.  Mom died last year.  Until recently, my entire career’s been in the Air Force.”
“Really?  I was Air Force.  Tail end of Viet Nam.  Flew F-4’s.  What’d you do?”
“Air Force Intelligence.  Mainly offshore.  Retired as a Major.  I could tell you in detail what I did, but if I do, I’d have to kill you.”  That got a laugh out of Alex.  He knew that one. 
Alex thought of something.  “Here, Mike.  I’ve got one for you.  Full of Air Force Intelligence.  Late one afternoon, the Air Force folks out at Area 51 were very surprised to see a Cessna landing at their "secret" base.  They immediately impounded the aircraft and hauled the pilot into an interrogation room.
The pilot's story was that he took off from Vegas, got lost, and spotted the Base just as he was about to run out of fuel.  The Air Force started a full FBI background check on the pilot and held him overnight during the investigation.
By the next day, they were finally convinced that the pilot really was lost and wasn't a spy.  They gassed up his airplane, gave him a terrifying "you-did-not-see-a-base" briefing, complete with threats of spending the rest of his life in prison, told him Vegas was that-a-way on such-and-such a heading, and sent him on his way.
The day after that though, to the total disbelief of the Air Force, the same Cessna showed up again.  Once again, the MP's surrounded the plane...only this time there were two people in the plane.
The same pilot jumped out and said.  “Do anything you want to me, but my wife is in the plane and you have to tell her where I was last night!”
The two of them burst out in laughter.  Alex got up, took Mike’s empty drink and refilled them both.  He returned and handed Mike his drink.
“Thanks,” he said.  “I’ve got an Air Force Pilot one for you.  On some air bases the Air Force is on one side of the field and civilian aircraft use the other side of the field, with the control tower in the middle.  One day the tower received a call from an aircraft asking, ‘What time is it?’
The tower responded, ‘Who is calling?’
The aircraft replied, ‘What difference does it make?’
The tower replied ‘It makes a lot of difference.  If it is an American Airlines flight, it is 3 o'clock.  If it is an Air Force plane, it is 1500 hours.  If it is a Navy aircraft, it is 6 bells.  If it is an Army aircraft, the big hand is on the 12 and the little hand is on the 3.  If it is a Marine Corps aircraft, it's Thursday afternoon and 120 minutes to ‘Happy Hour.’”  They had another good laugh.  Guy stuff.
“Come on boys, it’s time to eat!” came the call from the kitchen.
They all settled around the kitchen table.  Dad said grace.
After grace, Angie spoke up.  “It’s all buffet style.  Get up and take what you want to go along with your steak.  And remember, Alex, no serious talk ‘til after dinner.  Let’s eat!”  Everyone settled in for a nice meal, and the discussion remained light.
Angie noticed something.  “Well I’ll be!”
“What is it, Mom?”
“Look there, you’re both left handed!”
It surprised both Mike and Andy, because neither ever noticed.  Mike, thought, ‘And I used to be an intelligence officer.  Slipping.’  They just smiled at each other.
When dinner was over the ladies agreed to clean up if the men would stoke the fire and make after dinner drinks.  Mike and Alex retired to the sunroom where they could smoke.  Alex liked cigars.  Soon Angie and Andy appeared and everyone enjoyed a smoke and drink except Mom, who had quit a year earlier.
After a time Angie turned to Mike.  “And now it’s time to talk.  Let’s go to the great room and get comfortable.”
“Well, Mike,” Alex said.  “Tell us what’s going on?  It’s not often my daughter is dropped off by a Navy plane with an unknown man in tow.”
“Well, sir-”
“Oh, Mike, let me start,” interrupted Andy, patting his knee.
“Okay.”
Her blondness spiked out.  “Mom and Dad, you know I feed the homeless, and took a liking to one troubled soul we call Homeless Rick, who had amnesia.  Mike came to town and knew who he was.  Then we were followed by a van, went to see Homeless Rick, and the next day he winds up drowned in the canal.  Then my house is ransacked and my shop almost robbed.  We get chased and Tweety Bird gets bullet holes in her while they’re after us in the dunes, and we got twenty thousand dollars in free play at the casino, then -”
“Whoa, Andy,” said Alex, “you’re going way too fast.  Mike, you mind explaining?”
“I’d be happy to.”
Unconsciously, Mike reached over and took Andy’s hand.  “Andy can roar right along, can’t she?”
“She gets it from her mother, another blonde.”
Mike told the entire story of how he came to know Sgt. Ricci, helped him after he saved Mike’s life in battle, and how he made his way to the valley to find him.  They got a laugh out of Andy, the gay antique dealer, and how Andy duped him out of $229.79 at McDonalds.  When Mike explained how Ricci saved his life, Dad’s eyes misted up.  Mike knew then that Alex had similar nightmares from a generation earlier.  The diamonds were a shock, but when he explained how he got the CIA and FBI into the picture, they realized the gravity of the situation.
Mike accepted another cognac.  “We were lucky to escape Andy’s house the second time.  If your daughter wasn’t so well versed in the martial arts, well, that cut on her shoulder could have been fatal.  I know it was Andy’s idea to come here, but it’s mine, too.  She’s going to be pretty sore for a coupla days and I know we’ll be safe here.  The intelligence groups want us to help uncover the American side of the operations, so we’ll be heading to Orange County as soon as Andy heals.  We’ll have full undercover guard, while we inquire at several diamond wholesalers and stores to see if we can scare anything up.”
Angie asked.  “So you’ll be like decoys.”
“Yes. Ma’am.”
“Well it works when we go duck hunting, Alex.  What do you think?”
Alex answered.  “That part doesn’t scare me.  Sounds like a plan.  What scares me is, any time you get the FBI and CIA together it can be a bureaucratic mess that can cause screw-ups, and with my daughter’s life on the line, it makes me nervous.”
Mike answered.  “I know what you’re talking about, sir, but you forgot one thing.”
“What’s that?”
“I spent twenty years dealing with these type of people.  I know how to survive.  Even if everything fails, I’ll and take care of Andy.  You can be sure of that.  I will protect her with my life.”
Andy was petting her collie Chief.  “Chief, I’m just like you.  Look!” she said as she rolled up her right sleeve.
“What are you talking about?” asked Alex.
Mike answered.  “Well, we’ve been chipped with an extraordinary high tech homing device.  Right now they know our exact location down to six inches. This is a precaution in case we lose contact.  It saved our lives earlier this evening.”  With that Mike told the story of their chase and how the helicopter and Marines rescued them.
Mike finished.  “That just about brings you up to date.  But now for the big part. Andy, show them the diamonds.”
She took the sample out and poured them on the table.  “We don’t know how much they’re worth, and this is only a handful.  The rest are hidden.”
Angie separated them by size. She got up and retrieved a calculator, came back and started punching in numbers.
When she was done she looked up at her daughter.  “Andy, I would say you have close to five, maybe eight hundred thousand dollars in diamonds on this table.”
“Egad!” exclaimed Andy, placing her hand over her mouth.
Alex spoke up.  “I’ve got a gun safe.  Wanna put them in there?  I know our house is safe, but maybe it’d be a good idea.”
Mike agreed.  “Better safe than sorry.  I’d like to see your gun collection, too.”  They gathered the diamonds and Alex led Mike to the gun room.
“While they’re gone, I want to ask you something,” said Angie to her daughter.
“Sure, Mom.”
“You’re in love, aren’t you?”
“Why do you ask?” she replied innocently.
“I wasn’t born yesterday.  I see how you look at him.  And I see how he’s attracted to you.”
“Really?  Oh Mom, since Richard I’ve been afraid to get involved.  But this has happened so quickly, I didn’t have time to be afraid.  And now, well, I don’t want to be away from him.”
“And do you know how he feels?” inquired Angie.
“No.”
“Somehow I think it won’t be long before you find out.  Give him the right opportunity to tell you.  I know by the way he looks at you, you’ve snared him.”
“You really think so?”
“Like I said, I wasn’t born yesterday.  And by the way, I like him a lot.  I can tell Dad does, too.  And that’s really something, being you’re our only child, and all.  When they come back, we’re going to bed.  I have the guest room prepared.”
Andy just gave Mom a big Cheshire cat smile.
“Well,” said mom.  “I prepared it just in case.”
The men came back upstairs, Dad telling Mike some dirty joke.
Angie stood up.  “Alex, it’s after two A.M.  Time for bed.  You two do what you want.  Goodnight.”
Mike and Andy had a quick smoke in the sunroom then headed off to Andy’s bedroom.
Alex climbed into his side of the bed and turned to Angie.  “Whoa!” he said seeing Angie naked.  “No PJ’s tonight?”
“Of course not.  Let’s have some pillow talk.  Love is in the air.  Can’t you feel it?  Do you like him?”
“Yes.”
“What do you mean, ‘yes.’  Tell me what you like about him.”
He placed a kiss on her lips.  “He’s an honest, forthright individual, and a vet.  Andy needs someone with a lot of strength.  She’s a lot to handle and I think he just might be the one to do it.”
“You raised her, my dear.”
“Yeah, maybe too much of a tomboy, but at least I taught her how to survive.”
“They remind me of us.  Turn out the light and let’s pretend we’re their age again.”
Andy’s bedroom was a throwback to her youth.  It was not cluttered and was decorated with aqua and green, soothing colors, ones appropriate for a young girl growing into a lady.  Pom-poms from high school, antique dolls, horse memorabilia complete with ribbons and trophies from competitions lined the walls.  They climbed into bed exhausted, kissed briefly and soon were fast asleep. Exhaustion kept Mike’s dreams at bay.
After everything that occurred over the past twenty four hours, it felt nice to sleep in late.  When Mike opened his eyes it was almost nine o’clock.  He turned and faced Andy who was still asleep.  Mike was having difficulty understanding his feelings.  Being next to her made him feel warm inside, and while looking at Andy sleep on the pillow, he was taken by her beauty.  It made his heart jump.  Her soft shoulder length red hair, round face with a mouth set exactly right, and her slender body gently moving up and down while she breathed, made him want to be nowhere on earth but next to her.  Andy opened her eyes and smiled.  “Good morning.  What time is it?”
“After nine.  I just woke up, too.”
“How’s your shoulder feeling this morning?”
“Stiff.  Hurts a little.  I’ll take some aspirin.”
After returning from the bathroom she told Mike.  “Throw on your sneakers and shorts.  I want to take you somewhere after we’ve had our coffee.”  They jumped out of bed and dressed, then made their way to the kitchen for some java.  When finished, Andy took Mike’s hand and led him towards the back of the house.  After walking down five steps they entered a large solarium that contained a heated swimming pool.
Andy turned to Mike.  “Like it?”
“This is nice.”
“I’m going to do some laps.  Oops, I can’t get this shoulder wet.  I think I’ll just kick around on the inner tube.  But, Mike, I have a better surprise for you!”
“What is it?”
“Take those stairs down,” she pointed towards the back of the pool, “you’ll see.”
Mike walked over to the stairs and down into one of the most complete workout rooms he’d ever seen.  Alex had a complete gym in the basement.  He jumped on the treadmill and got started.  After about three hard miles on the treadmill he heard a sound and turned to the door.
“Good morning, Mike,” said Alex.  “Glad you found the gym.  Mind if I join you?”
“Of course not.  It’s your gym.”  
For the next hour both men had a strenuous workout.   Mike was impressed at how well Alex kept himself in shape and Alex was impressed at the level of endurance Mike had.
At the end of their workout Andy appeared.  “Want to join me in the hot tub?” she asked.  “Why don’t you shower and we’ll jump in.  Dad, you too.”
In a few minutes the three of them were settled back enjoying the warm water and power jets massaging their muscles.
Alex spoke.  “Mom’s in town running some errands.  Why don’t you show Mike around the ranch this morning?  The snowmobile is gassed up and out back.  Celeste is about a week from foaling.  Check up on her for me, will you?”
“Okay, Dad.”
Mike was enjoying watching father and daughter communicate.  He could tell she was brought up right and had an excellent relationship with both parents.  They got out of the hot tub, dressed and made their way back to the bedroom where Mike changed into sneakers, blue jeans and a shirt.  Andy dressed similarly.  When they got to the kitchen they saw Angie coming in from the garage with packages in her hand.
“Good morning,” she said, placing the packages on the counter.  “Mike, I have a surprise for you.”
“What’s that, Mrs. Holmes.”
“Mike, cut it out!  Please, it’s Angie.”
“Sorry, Angie.  Too many years in the military.”
She handed him a box.  “Here.  Open it.”
Mike took the box and opened it up.  Inside was a very expensive pair of western boots.
“Wow, Angie.  Thank you.”
He put on the boots and they fit perfectly.  “How did you know my size?”
“Well, when you came in last night you took your shoes off at the door. Size 11 ½.  Here, open another package.”  Angie had not only bought boots, but a parka and gloves.
“Thank you, Angie,” he said as he got up and hugged her.  “That’s very nice of you.”
“Mike,” said Andy, “get those things on and we’ll tour the ranch.”
About five minutes later they were out the back door standing by the snowmobile.
“Your shoulder okay to drive?”
“It’s fine.  Anyway, feels good to move it around.” Mike climbed on back and put his arms around her waist.
Andy started the snowmobile and began the tour.  “Over to the right is the fire pond.  It’s covered with ice now.  I skated there when I was a kid.  To the left of the pond is the main barn where we keep some tractors and equipment.”  She passed the barn to their right.  “Up ahead is the stable and indoor riding arena.  That’s my favorite place, but I’ll show it to you later.”  She pointed the snowmobile northwest, cranked the throttle to full while heading northward along the west fence line.  Mike looked over her shoulder and saw the speedometer at sixty.  ‘Girl not afraid to drive,’ he thought. 
She shouted back to him, “We’re heading out to the feeding area.  I want you to see the herd.”  Soon, Mike saw over five hundred head of cattle grazing on bales of hay that were being distributed by work hands.  There was a cabin nearby where Mike assumed the cowboys lived.  They stopped and got off.
Andy waved to the men and they waved back.  “Let’s have a smoke, Mike.  This is just part of Dad’s herd.  The rest are around the bend.  You should be here in the spring when we drive them to the high country and they graze on public lands.  It’s all done on horseback.  Dad’ll tell you all about it.  Want to see my horses?”
“Sure.”
“Okay, hop on.  We’ll go to the stables.”  They were in two sections.  One section housed mainly quarter horses and some thoroughbreds, horses that were used for working the farm and driving the herds to public lands in the spring for feeding.  The next section of stables had a row of ten stalls, a tack room and a large arena.  This area was heated and contained Andy’s pride and joy.
They stopped and entered the stable area.  “Mike, I don’t know if you know anything about horses, being from Chicago and all.”
“Some.”
“Well, the horses in these stalls are my prize Arabians.”  Andy walked up to the first stall.  “This black horse is my stallion called Blazer.  He’s the second horse I ever owned.”
She took Mike to the second stall where there was a white Arabian mare.  “This is my favorite.  She’s Angeline, my first.  I won a lot of competitions with her.  Across the stall is Celeste and she’s ready to foal.  She is from Blazer and Angeline.  Dad said maybe a week more.”
She then showed Mike the tack room and the arena.  “Mike, you said you rode some.  What does that mean?”
“I know my way around horses a little.”
“Would you like to ride?”
“Sure.”
“You’re not afraid?”
“Bring it on!  Let’s go.  You can show me around the ranch some more on horseback if it’s not too tough on that shoulder.”
“It’s okay,” said Andy.
She wasn’t so sure that Mike knew how to ride, city boy and all.  The look on his face didn’t appear as confident as his words sounded.  She did know how to control the animals by voice command.  After all, she taught them.  If Blazer became too much for Mike to handle she could control the situation.
“I’ll saddle them up,” she said.
“I can help.”
“You can bring the saddles, I’ll saddle them.  You have to know how to do it. Follow me into the tack room.”  She led him in and gathered what was needed then turned to the saddles.  “Take these two, my arm is too sore to lift them.”
He enjoyed watching Andy saddle the two horses but because of her slashed shoulder he had to throw the saddles on their backs and strap their girths.  When finished, she said to him, “If you remember, you mount a horse on the left side.”
“Okay.”  He mounted Blazer without any trouble.
“Good job!” she said, “Let’s go around the arena a few times so you can remember what it’s like atop a horse.”
“Okay.”
Mike was enjoying this.  What Andy didn’t know was that Mike grew up in Cicero, Illinois, the home of the largest thoroughbred race track in the Midwest, Hawthorne Race Track.  His dad, Through high school Mike was a thin gangly boy who found a part time job in his neighborhood at the track.  He started as a stable boy mucking stalls, cooling down horses, and then after learning to ride was promoted to the pony horse.  The trainer saw his rapport with the thoroughbreds and took a liking to Mike.  Weekends he was taken to the owner’s farm in Barrington where he did early morning workouts for almost three years.  After graduating from high school he joined the Air Force.  When stationed in Saudi Arabia he and several friends of his rode Arabians in the desert when they had time off.
They rode around the arena a few times when Mike asked Andy.  “Can we ride them outside?”
“Sure.  We’ll take the plowed road, as it has no ruts and will be safe for them.  Follow me.”  With that she dismounted, opened the door and led the horses outside.
Once outside she cautioned Mike.  “Arabians have soft mouths, so be gentle with the reins.  You should do fine.”  She mounted and they started down the road.
“Can’t we go a little faster?” asked Mike.  Andy agreed and brought Angeline to a trot.  Blazer, Mike’s horse, followed.  Mike could take it no more.  He spurred Blazer on with a kick and the horse jumped into a full gallop in seconds, leaving Andy far behind.  Andy spurred Angeline fearing Mike was in trouble, but when she saw how he was mounted in the saddle, leaning forward just right and balanced perfectly while controlling Blazer, she realized he was an accomplished rider.
She galloped up to Mike who had stopped and turned Blazer around.  Mike had a big smile on his face.
“You got me!” she said.
“Payback for McDonalds.  We’re even.”  They both laughed, and then took off together having one of the most pleasurable runs Mike had ever had.  On the way back Mike told Andy about his high school days around race horses and his times in the desert.
“I’m hungry.  Let’s go eat lunch,” said Andy after they turned the horses into the stables.
They were all sitting at the table having lunch.  Angie looked at her daughter.  “Honey, you look a mess.  I’ve made an appointment for us at the beauty parlor this afternoon.  We can get our nails done, too.  Two o’clock.  Daddy can take Mike for a while.”
“Be happy to,” answered Alex.
“What’s up this afternoon?” questioned Mike.
“I’ve got to inspect the herds.  This time year I do it by air to make sure all are accounted for.  Be happy to have you join me.”
Mike was excited.  “That sounds like fun. I haven’t flown a Cessna in years.”
An hour later they were idling at the end of the runway.  As Alex went through the pre-flight checklist he told Mike, “You know, once you get flying in your blood it’s hard to shake.  Granted, I fly a Cessna and a Lear, nothing like those F4’s over Nam, but it’s enjoyable, still the same.”
“Yeah,” said Mike.  “I love flying.  I’m instrument rated to fly one and two jet engine aircraft.  I used to do a lot of it in my past line of work.”
They taxied to the end of the runway and took off.  “Here,” said Alex.  “Maintain at twenty five hundred feet and follow the same heading.”
“Roger that,” said Mike as he took the controls.
While Mike was concentrating on the instruments, Alex asked, “Would you like to know anything about Colorado ranching?”
“I’d love to.  Don’t know much about it.”
“There’s a lot of hard work and aggravation that goes into cattle ranching.  Most ranchers, like me, grow hay on the property, which is baled and stored to feed the animals through the winter.”
“I saw your hands spreading hay the other day,” said Mike.
“Yeah.  The herds graze on the hayfields over the winter and clean up the remaining stubble if the snow isn’t too deep, like this year.”
“What happens when the snow melts?”
“Well, once the growing season begins, I’ve got to get those cows off the fields so I can start irrigating and growing hay for next winter.  Over the summer, I move my cows to the high country to graze on national forest property.  You ever been mountain biking or jeeping in the mountains and come across a herd of cattle in a meadow?”
“Not me.  I’m from the Midwest.”
“Well, I’m allotted grazing permits so I can graze on the rich grasses of the national forest. They’re limited in number.  Prices can vary from $50,000 up, depending on the location, the quality of the forage and the difficulty of the terrain.
“How do you get them up there?”
“It’s like the good old days.  We drive the cows up to the high country, but before we do that there’s a lot of work to be done.”
“Like what?”
“Well, the calves got to be branded with the HR brand and the bull calves must be castrated to make steers out of them.  If the calves are growing horns, the horns are burned out of their heads, and they’re vaccinated as well.  It’s a tough day if you’re a young bull calf.”
“Alex, I never considered how much work it is raising cattle.”
“I’ll tell you, it’s a hot, dusty, noisy, smoky affair, and a time when people pitch in to help each other with a hard day’s work.  Some ranchers rope the calves and drag them to a fire, but we run them through a squeeze chute to accomplish the task.  We use propane torches to keep the branding irons hot.  Our ranch is close enough to the grazing permit area so we start early in the morning and drive the cattle with horses to the high country.  Once we’re on the national forest, we move them to new pastures on a regular basis so that the range doesn’t become overgrazed.”
“How do you move them?” asked a curious Mike.
“It takes cowboys to do that work, and only rarely can it be done by vehicle.  It’s time to get on your horse and ride.  Here, let me take over.”
Mike released the controls and Alex changed course direction, lowered altitude to about five hundred feet and circled the herd.
As Alex inspected the livestock Mike commented.  “I never knew the inner workings of a cattle ranch, sir, but you know even though it seems like a lot of work, it sounds like a lot of fun, too.”
“I wouldn’t do it, son, if I didn’t love it.  It’s in your blood, and either you have it or you don’t.  My dad gave me that choice, and it’s what I wanted, so I took it.  I’ve given Andy that choice, too, but she’s not ready to decide as of yet.  Someday she’ll make her mind up.”
Satisfied that the herd was intact and had enough hay bales to keep them fed, Alex turned back to the ranch.  They landed and drove up to the lodge just as Andy and Angie were arriving from town.
“My, my,” said Mike to Andy, “you dress up real nice, lady.”  He was staring at her red hair, now cropped shorter, washed, curled and glowing in the sun.  She looked ravishing.
“Like my nails?” Andy asked as she held them out in front of her.
“Goes along with the hair, ma’am.  Yes.  I like ‘em a lot.”  With that Andy grabbed Mike’s hand and led them to the house with Mom and Dad in tail.  Dad, walking next to Angie put his arm around her and winked.  Angie winked back at him with a smile. When they reached the kitchen Angie asked Mike.  “What would you like for dinner?”
“Mrs. Holmes, Angie, the steak we ate last night was the best steak I’ve ever eaten.  We were so tired I forgot to tell you.  If you’re not bored with beef I’d love steak again.”
“Bored with beef?” laughed Alex.
“Okay,” said Angie, “beef it is.  But this time we’ll have Dad grill ‘em.  How’s that sound?”
“Like I’ve died and gone to heaven,” answered Mike.  While preparations were being made for dinner, Mike felt in the way, so he made his way to the great room, took off his boots and stretched out on the leather couch.  He closed his eyes, legs crossed on the sofa with the drone of Fox News in the background and thought about the last week.  This was Saturday, January 21st.  Six days ago he was cursing the snow in Arlington Heights and wondering what to do with the rest of his life, and here he was now, without being able to help it getting involved with Andy.  In the past, Mike always controlled the situation, but this was different.  In this relationship with Andy he did not want to control it, he wanted to be a part of it.  He felt contentment and soon dozed off.
“Time for dinner,” announced Andy, waking him up.  They ate dinner together and spent time discussing different subjects and topics.  For once in a long time Mike felt comfortable, at home.  After dinner they played Scrabble and spent time together like a family.  Of course, it drove Mike crazy because Andy kept making up words in order to win.  Mike told them about his mom and dad and brother and sister, about the un-classified part of his work in intelligence, why he moved back to Chicago and the type of work he was doing until he met Andy.  The family and Andy got to see what an honorable man he was.
“I’m tired.” said Andy.  “Mike, could you make us a drink and we can take it in the sunroom.  I want to quit smoking, but not right now.”
“Honey, “said Mom, “if I can quit, so can you.”
“I’ll meet you in the sunroom,” said Mike.
“Good night, you two,” said Mom.  With that Mom and Dad retired for the evening. 
Seated next to Mike in the sunroom Andy gazed in his eyes, her feelings wanting to come to the surface.  “It was a wonderful day, Mike.  When we get to our bedroom would you just hold me for a while?”
Without a word Mike stood up, took her cigarette from her, crushed it out, then took their drinks and poured them down the drain.  He took Andy’s hand, led her to the bedroom, shut the door and leaving the light off carefully removed her clothing, then his.  They climbed into bed, pulled the covers up and held each other face to face.  The drapes were open and the large light shining in the barnyard cast rays of light over the falling snow, softly illuminating the room.
Andy began, almost in a whisper.  “Something’s happening to me.   Something different.”
“I know.  For me, too.”
It was silent for a long time.  Andy nuzzled her head in Mike’s shoulder and Mike enjoyed the smell of her hair.  No, he decided, it wasn’t just her hair.  It was Andy.  He’d read somewhere about pheromones, that undetectable odor mammals give off that can only be smelled on a subconscious level.  Whatever it was, the smell of Andy emoted something in him, stirred him and made him want to remain close to her.
She looked at him and spoke, “Your coming into my life brought me out of a bad place.  It’s like I was trapped in some enchanted forest, just observing life.  I wasn’t living, I was just alive.  I’m afraid to tell you this, but I have to.  When this whole mess is over, I don’t want us to be over.  Please, don’t take it wrong.”
“Shhh,” said Mike.  Andy got quiet and nuzzled close to him.
He started his confession slowly.  “The Air Force was my whole life.  I was trained to remain detached, to never get emotionally involved in any of my assignments because it could compromise the mission.  I’ve had to fight that with us, because I’ve always been forced to control and remain detached.  With you I can’t do that.  I was thinking about it this evening before dinner.  I’m no longer an Intelligence Officer.  I’m Mike.  Maybe I have been trapped in a different, but similar enchanted forest, as well.  I know what I want to do.  I want to follow this relationship to see where it goes.  I don’t want to leave you, Andy.”  He paused.  “I’m talking too much.  Let me keep it short and sweet. I’ve never really loved anyone before.  I need to know.  I want to find out if this is love between us.”
Andy turned slowly and rolled on top of Mike.  As she began kissing him he felt her tears flow, and as they kissed he could taste the saltiness of them.  Her kiss was so gentle, Mike had never experienced such a feeling before.  All his nerve endings were alert, her lips on his, Andy’s body brushing against his chest, her legs next to his, and her arms around his head stroking his hair.
“Mike, at first I was afraid to tell you how I feel but now I’m relieved.  That enchantment from the past is gone and I’m glad to have feelings I thought I’d never have again for a man, for you.”  She paused.  “It’s a brave and tender thing for you to tell me how you feel, to find out if you love me.  Mike, I feel a closeness I’ve never had before.  Do you feel the same?”  As she said this she gently stroked her fingernails up and down his chest.
“Yes, I do.  And oh, it feels so relaxing to have you rub me.”
“I want to please you.”
“And I, you.”  The two lovers were embraced in passion giving to each other what they had to give.  The moment changed from one of being awake and making love silently into a surreal dream state of two lovers, almost outside themselves, making love and then finally there was no reality at all, only dreamy, contented sleep.  And there they remained enjoined until sunrise.
They rose early and enjoyed the morning routine of coffee and a smoke together.  While in the sunroom Andy said.  “I think we need to check on Celeste.  Dad says she’s close.”  The day was sunny and warm so they walked to the stable.  Celeste was lying on her side.
“Oh-oh” said Andy, “she’s getting ready to foal.”
Andy picked up the wall intercom phone and rang the house.  “Dad, call the vet.  Celeste’s ready.”  
Five minutes later the phone rang back.  “Sorry, honey.  Vet’s south vaccinating a herd.  Won’t make it in time.  You know what to do.  Call if you need help.”
“Okay, Dad,” she said, hanging up the phone.  “Looks like it’s you and me.  Ever birthed a foal before?”
“No, but I once helped deliver an Arab baby during battle.”
Andy laughed at that one.  “This will be easier, I’m sure.  I’ve got to wrap the tail.  After that we sit tight and watch.”  They spent the next half hour tending to the mare.  Andy stroked the mare’s face and neck continually reassuring her and letting nature take its course.  At one point Celeste got up and paced so they let her do what she needed to do.   With the next contraction she laid down again.
“Mike, come look.  See? That’s the hooves.  They’re starting to come out!”
The contractions stopped and the mare lay there resting, breathing deeply.  She had light perspiration on her skin.
Andy told Mike.  “She’s young, she’s strong and I was there when she was born.  We have to be alert for the next contraction.  You grab the hooves and when I tell you, pull gently.”
Mike did as he was told, and when the next contraction came he pulled and the head of the foal appeared.
“Stop pulling!  Let her rest.  The next contraction is critical, it’s the shoulder and the largest part of the foal as it comes out.”  No more than a minute went by when her body tensed again and the mare was pushing hard.
“Now Mike, now.  Pull.  Pull harder!”  He did as he was told and watched as the shoulders popped out of the opening.  When that happened the rest of the foal quickly slid out.  The mare relaxed only for a few seconds, then with her ears perked, she turned her head around and saw and sniffed the newborn foal, who was still safely covered in the membrane.  The hooves of the foal broke the membrane and as the foal slid out Mike and Andy saw it take its first breath.  Celeste could wait no more.  She stood up and sniffed her first born, and as the foal struggled to get up it freed itself from the umbilical cord.  The mare licked and pushed, drying it off.  It was amazing to watch the strong foal wobble and find its four legs.  Within two minutes the foal was standing like a drunkard next to its mother.  The mare stayed close and continued to lick her offspring clean.  After cleaning and nuzzling the foal she guided it to her teat.  After the placenta worked its way out they cleaned things up and took pleasure in having experienced something as majestic as a horse being born.  It was a normal and healthy birth.
Andy wiped her hands clean.  “Let me check something.”
She inspected the foal.  “Oh!  It’s a boy!  Mike!  Congratulations! You have son!”
Mike followed Andy back to the lodge and enjoyed hearing her tell Mom and Dadthe whole story.
Over the next two days they spent every moment together, taking in all the things the ranch had to offer-- riding, snowmobiling, the pool and sauna, and even a trip into town.  Alex and Angie took Mike in like a son and Mike really enjoyed their company.  At night they’d play Scrabble, cards or watch a movie together as a family.
On Monday evening Alex came to Mike with something.  “Mike, you know how I explained my concerns about the attempt to flush out the organization distributing blood diamonds?”
Mike looked up.  “It seemed to me you were worried most about politics getting in the way.  That this current party in power is too liberal, and if the CIA and/or FBI were politically influenced somehow it might put us in danger.  Have I got that right?”
“You got it.  I’d like to ask you a favor.”
Mike smiled.  “Shoot.”
“I’ve someone I’d like you to talk with.  He’s my closest friend, someone I grew up with and who I can trust with my life.  It happens to be he owns one of the largest ranches here in Colorado.”
“Why do you want me to talk with him, sir?”
“Because he’s the number two man in the FBI, reports directly to the director.  He’s Retired Air Force General William Cole.”
“William Cole?  You know the assistant director?”  Mike was agape.
“He’s my best friend, and I’m his, too.  Like I said, we grew up together.  Listen Mike, the General is probably aware of the operation already.  He needs to hear it from you so when he returns he won’t let any fuzz get in the communication line, if you get what I mean.”
“Okay,” Mike nodded.  “If I understand right, you want to make sure the top people are properly apprised and don’t let politics go up or down the command line.”
“Well, almost the top people.  If anyone’s going to get his ass dragged into the White House, it’ll be the director.  That’s why I’d like Cole to be in the loop.”
“Alex, I’m impressed.  Absolutely.  I’d love to just meet the man.  He’s one of the reasons I almost re-upped.  I like the way he treats his people.”
“I thought you’d say so.  He’ll be here tomorrow around ten.  He’s heading back to Washington in the afternoon.  His ranch is just down the road, by the way.”
Later that afternoon Mike received a text message on his cell phone from Vince, Tuesday, 1800 hours.  Bird coming your way.  Look for new laptop.  You know the access code.  Top secret computers, like Mike’s had SST, or Spy Safe Technology, built into them.  Anytime the computer was enabled, like the lid brought up or a mouse movement, the user had ten seconds to enter the code or the computer would destruct.  Mike was sure that’s what happened to his laptop at Andy’s home.  Vince was sending him a new one with all the backup data loaded into the new computer.
By Tuesday both Mike and Andy were ready to leave, her wound pretty much healed. It was a short, but needed rest.  At ten o’clock sharp General Cole showed up.  Everyone met in the kitchen and greeted each other.
The General started.  “Mike, it’s a pleasure to meet you.  Andy, it’s been a couple of years, hasn’t it?  You look great, but I hear you’ve gotten yourself mixed up in a little trouble.”
“Yes, Uncle Bill,” she said while hugging him.  She placed a kiss on his cheek and then sat down.
“Well, let’s try to sort this all out.  Mike, I’ve looked at your dossier and I’m impressed.  You sure you don’t want to take the CIA up on their offer?  They could use more like you.”
“Not ready yet, sir.  Maybe down the line.”
“Listen,” the General said. “this is all purely informal and among friends.  What we discuss here will not leave this room, I promise you that, without your permission.  Mike, please, let me know what you have surmised.”
Mike took the next forty-five minutes explaining everything he knew, including the reactions from James Reading and Frank Butterfield at NAF.  Reading was another assistant director and General Cole knew him well.  He had met Frank over at CIA several times and knew him to be a good man.  The General seemed quite interested in Chinese General Zhao and Mike’s assumption that he was heavily involved in the operation.
“Alex,” asked Mike, “can we use your laptop?  I’d like to show General Cole something.”  Alex produced the computer and Mike looked up the article about Mugabe that came from a British newspaper.
“Zhao is a slimy rat who has been directly and indirectly responsible for thousands of killings of innocent people in Africa.  It was a surprise to the CIA that you made the connection,” said the General.  “I’m going to meet with Frank and Jim when I get back so I’ll get to hear their side of things.  Zhao has contacts at the consulate and they have White House contacts.  Give me your cell phone number, Andy.  I want to be able to keep in contact with both of you, and its best through your phone.”  They continued exchanging facts and ideas for another hour, until the General had to leave.
“Good bye, Uncle Bill.  Don’t worry about me, Mike will take care of me okay.”
“Andy, “I was with you when you shot that bear charging us at full speed.  I’m not worried about you!” he said as he patted her on the back.
They spent the remainder of the day relaxing around the house.  While Mom made dinner they took a shower and dressed.  At 1800 hours they were at the hangar area when the same jet and crew landed and taxied up.  Everyone made their farewells and soon Mike and Andy were at forty thousand feet heading west.
Chapter 14


Tuesday evening

The pilot came back to the cabin where Mike and Andy were seated.  “Here’s a package for you, sir,” he said and handed it to Mike.  “I’ll need you to sign for it, right here,” he said pointing with his pen.
Mike signed for his package, thanked the Captain then asked him.  “Where we headed?  Back to El Centro Naval Facility?”
“That’s affirmative, sir.”
 When the pilot left, Mike opened the package and found several goodies inside.  He looked through them and smiled.  “Just like the good old days, Andy.”  He handed Andy a passport, a California’s Driver license and an American Express credit card.  “You are now officially Sandra Andersen.  I’m James Andersen.”
“You mean we’re married?”
“Vince has a sense of humor,” answered Mike as he handed Andy a wedding band and then put on his.
He unpacked his laptop, turned it on and validated his security code.  All the data from his previous laptop was mirrored on this computer.
He looked for instructions and found them.   Vince had made all the arrangements, photos, passports, credit cards and cash.  He had them staying at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport Beach, in the presidential suite.  Anyone visiting them would know they had the funds to stay at an exclusive hotel, not a Motel 6.  The instructions were for them to pick up a car at NAF El Centro and drive to Orange County.  A tail of two FBI agents would be following them all the time and another group of two would be on the ground when they arrived in Orange.  They had a prepared list of contacts that the FBI thought would be the most productive.  Their instructions were to inquire at diamond and gem wholesalers, show their diamonds and try to get someone to bite on a story that told of the possibility of a constant supply of diamonds being available below wholesale price.  They would leave instructions to be contacted at the BBC until Saturday morning when they would be heading to New York to talk with diamond wholesalers there.  If anyone was interested in their offer, they would have to be contacted by Friday.
Welcome to El Centro NAF, came the sound over the intercom from the pilot as they landed.  Time is 9:25 P.M. Pacific Standard time, with a ground temperature of fifty-eight degrees.  Light winds at about five miles per hour.  Upon disembarking you will be greeted by none other than FBI Agent in Charge, Buzz Smith.
“Hi, Mike!  Hello Andy,” said Buzz as he greeted them and shook hands.  “You’ll be happy to know you can spend the night at your home.  It’s completely clean.  There’s no longer any threat there, but either way I have my men posted around the house.”
“Oh, thank you, Buzz,” said Andy.
Buzz tipped his hat.  “Ma’am.”
He drove them, under escort, to Andy’s home.  On the way he let them know he would pick them up tomorrow at seven hundred hours and would brief them at that time.
“Oh look!” said Andy as they approached her home.  “They fixed my door!”
“Thank the Sea Bees.  They were at a training mission at NAF, so the Commander had them pay a visit to you, unofficially.”
They drove into the garage and when the door was closed got out.  The home was in perfect condition and was made spotless by the FBI while they were gone.  Even the patio set had been replaced.  Buzz said his farewell and they were left alone.
“Mike, you need a drink.”
“Thanks!  I also need to call Hollywood.”  Mike and Hollywood had a nice chat and Mike thanked him for coming to their aid.
“Like I said, since you came to the valley there’s not been a dull moment,” laughed Hollywood.  
Andy entered the living room, but did not have his drink.  Instead she gave him a sly smile.  “Mike, let’s play pretend!  Since we’re married shouldn’t we consummate it?  Find some wine and I’ll get into something appropriate.”  She reappeared a few minutes later wearing a very revealing, thin lingerie set.
Mike grabbed for her and she squealed and ran.  He took off after her and almost caught her, but she got away.  She ran into the next room and hid, but Mike found her.  He scooped her up in his arms and started towards the bedroom.
“Wait!  Wait!  Mrs. Anderson is still a virgin” she said, kicking her feet.  “You have to relax me before I can submit to you.  Put me down and let’s have some wine.  Then you can tell me what to do next.  Remember, I’m your virgin and I’m new to this.”
He did as she asked, carried her to the couch and set her down.  Over several glasses of wine he explained the ‘birds and the bees’ to Andy in very graphic terms.  It was sort of an adult show and tell, and Andy was enjoying every minute of it.  She laughed and giggled at times.  They hugged and kissed.  The next morning they woke up a very satisfied Mike and Andy, ready to face the day.
Mike also woke up to something he had yet to experience in the valley, the winds.  There were a half a dozen wind chimes hanging out front and the wind, blowing from the west at thirty to forty miles an hour, created quite a sound.  As they sat on the porch in fifty degree weather wearing jackets while smoking and having coffee, Andy told Mike it was raining in San Diego.
“How do you know that?”
“Whenever we get high winds here it means it’s raining there.  It’ll be fun going over the hill.  I hope they don’t close it.”
“Over the hill?”
Andy laughed.  “That’s valley talk.  When people who live in the valley say they’re going over the hill they mean they’re taking the eight to San Diego.  It’s got some mean ess curves.  Wind gusts can knock a trailer off the road, and there aren’t many guardrails up there.  Truckers call it one of the most dangerous stretches of interstate in the country.”
When they arrived at the Naval Air Facility they were given another package.  This one had five thousand dollars in cash, some electronic devices, a light jacket for Andy and the keys to a BMW series Z.  
Buzz explained.  “The Beemer is ours, thanks to a drug dealer we arrested last year.  A nice, clean car he won’t need while he’s in jail.  Gotta love the RICO act.  The electronics in the package are miniature snooping devices you can attach to any surface, so before you leave the diamond wholesalers, plant one or two of them for us.  They’re so small no one will notice.  The jacket is for Andy, and I hope you like it, Ma’am.  It has four different video cameras that will give us a 360 degree view.  One on the front, one on each shoulder pad and one on the back.  We’ll be recording everything, so please wear it.”
He handed Mike a list.  “These diamond wholesalers represent both highly reputable shops and some smaller dealers.  Stay on your route because we’ll have two men on the ground besides your tail.  You’ve got the script, right?”
“We’re all set.  Andy and I will go over it on the way to Orange County.”
Buzz stuck his hand out and shook Mike’s.  “Good hunting.  I know you don’t have to do this but it could really help us in the investigation.  Oh, it’s officially operation NEIL.” They pulled up to a hangar where the BMW was waiting as well as the two FBI men who would be following in their tan Crown Victoria.  They shook hands, exchanged cell phone numbers then walked over to the Beemer.
“I’ll drive,” offered Andy.  “I know the road pretty well, and this is one hell of a nice car.”  Mike smiled and tossed her the keys.
As they were on the eight driving through the desert towards the mountains Mike observed the road signs.  Things like, Elevation 25 feet below sea level and San Diego 120 miles and Caution!  Dangerous winds next 85 miles.
 Soon they reached the town of Ocotillo at the base of the mountains.  Andy informed Mike that most of the residents there were ‘desert people’ who brought their toys – dune buggies’, motorcycles, etc. from San Diego to play in the sand dunes.  There was an aquifer running underneath Ocotillo so residents had plenty of water.  After leaving Ocotillo they started up the almost five thousand foot climb to San Diego with its tight turns and sharp inclines and declines.  Andy was having a lot of fun.  One curve was marked 55 that Andy took at 90 with ease.
“Might want to slow up a bit,” said Mike.
“Why?  I know this road.  I can practically do it with my eyes closed.”
“Please don’t close your eyes,” he said looking at the three hundred foot drop-off just fifteen feet to his right.  “I just meant if you could slow down a little the FBI guys might have a chance to catch up with us.”
When he said this they came to a straightaway and Andy pushed it to over a hundred.  “They’ll catch up.  There’s a border patrol at the top of the hill where we have to stop.”
The scenery was fantastic and ever-changing.  After climbing into the foothills west of Ocotillo the sandy desert gave way to steep, barren mountains all laden with huge granite boulders ranging in size from two feet in diameter to fifteen feet.  At about three thousand feet the mountains rose another two thousand feet above them, but were clear of boulders, mainly containing small shrub growth, cacti and sagebrush.  When they reached the top of the pass their elevation was 4,181 feet and you could see green hillsides to the west and another thousand feet of mountain above them.  Along the ride to the apex the wind was playing wildly with the vehicles, and while there was little problem with the BMW, other larger vehicles were being bantered around.  They reached the border patrol checkpoint and after passing through pulled aside and waited for the FBI guys to show up.
“You know, Mike, I read almost daily where the border patrol here seizes large amounts of drugs, usually a million dollars or more per catch.  It’s Meth, cocaine and pot, mainly.  Those dogs are worth their weight in gold.  I can see now where smuggling blood diamonds must be relatively safe.  No dog can be trained to smell a rock.” 
When their tail caught up with them Andy took off.  There was some more winding road, but most of it was a downhill run from 4181 feet to sea level.  When they reached San Diego they took the interstate north.  They were headed for Orange County, an upscale community south of Los Angeles and the home of Disneyland. 
“You get to meet my friend and partner, Cathy,” she said as she pulled in to the front of Lyons and Holmes Antiques.  It was about noon when they entered the store.  Cathy was a bit shorter than Andy and much heavier.  She had short, dark hair and while no beauty had a kind demeanor and gregarious smile.  The two hugged for a bit and then Andy introduced Mike to her.
“Mike, it is so nice to meet you.  I’m Cathy, Cathy Vandercamp.”  She shook his hand and then hugged him.  “Come on in, make yourselves at home,” she said as she looped one arm around Mike’s and the other around Andy’s.
“Andy,” Cathy said, “you know the early eighteenth century writing desk we bought last summer in Southern France?  Ursula Andress bought it yesterday for ten thousand.  And, oh, yes, Tom Hanks was in and purchased the 1882 Hammonia Typewriter we got when we were in Berlin.  You know that’s his hobby, collecting antique typewriters.”
The two continued talking business while Mike strolled around the store.  Unlike her re-sale store in Imperial, Lyons and Holmes Antiques was a very active, going concern appealing to the discretionary buyer.  Mike could tell, not only by the price of the antiques but by the clientele that happened in, as well.
After a time, Andy and Cathy came out of the office.  Andy said, “Mike, Cathy dear would like us to come to her home for dinner tomorrow night.  Is that ok with you?”
“But, of course.  What time?”
“Eight-ish?” Cathy replied.  “That’s Thursday and Jack’s flying back from the east coast, so he might be just a few minutes late, but we can get to know each other while waiting for him.”
“Mike,” said Andy.  “we gotta go.  Cath, see you tomorrow tonight, doll.  Ciao.”
When they got in the car Andy said.  “Mike, she really likes you.  I just told her you were an old acquaintance from Denver, but she didn’t really believe me.”
Mike got out the map and found the first wholesale jewelry shop in Anaheim, Weinstein’s Wholesale Jewelry.  It was a few blocks off the shopping strip.  They inquired after Mr. Weinstein and were initially told he was not available.
Mike took out about six of the diamonds and placed them on the counter.  “Maybe you should tell Mr. Weinstein that I can easily take my business elsewhere.”
“Just a minute,” the clerk said.  “I’ll see if I can fetch him.  He may have just come back from lunch.”  When he left Mike strolled around the store while he waited and casually placed a microphone in the front and rear of the showroom.
A small, old and fat Jewish man waddled to the counter.  “May I help you, sir?  Marty tells me you have some gems you would like me to look at?”  As he said this he pulled his jeweler’s loupe out and waited for Mike to respond.
“Yes, Mr. Weinstein, I’d like you to take a look at these.”
The Jewish jeweler took his time examining each of the stones.  “Quite nice, yes,” he said as he looked over the stones.  ‘Just a sell job’ thought Mike.
He finally addressed Mr. Weinstein.  “Sir, tell me what you are looking at.  Do you like the quality of my stones?”
“Oh, my, yes.”
“Let me show you some more.”  Mike took the stones and returned them to his pouch then opened another sack.  “These gems are a little larger.”  The jeweler looked at the larger stones.  Mike could tell he was very interested.  “Sir, does your establishment have need for a more consistent flow of stones like these?”
“What do you mean?” asked Mr. Weinstein.
Andy broke in.  “Listen, sir, this is how it works.  We accept a price at twenty percent below your normal wholesale price in return for you taking a certain quantity each month.  We can guarantee the supply, but it’s got to be a cash deal.”
“You may need time to make your decision,” said Mike.  “We’re staying at the Balboa Bay Club until Friday.”  He extended his hand.  “I’m Jim Andersen, and this is my wife Sandra.  But don’t wait too long.  We’re flying out to New York on Saturday.  That’s all the time you’ve got to decide.”
“Nice to meet you.  Thank you.  I will consider your offer.  How do I reach you?”
“Like I said, we’re staying at the BBC.  You can leave a message there.”
 From Anaheim they drove to Tustin, to a small wholesaler.  The door was such that you had to be buzzed in then walk one story up to the establishment.  They were all trendy artist types, mostly middle-aged artisans more concerned about artwork than making a buck.  When Mike went through his speech the man got angry and asked them to leave the store.
“Got a dud on that one,” relayed Mike back to the field officers on his tail.  “Can’t win ‘em all.”  Next they drove into Huntington Beach and found a warm reception to their offer.  It was approaching five so they decided to call it quits for the day, drove to the BBC and checked in.  No messages.
It was a beautiful evening and they spent the time enjoying the facilities, having a nice dinner, swimming in the heated pool, enjoying the Jacuzzi and walking along the wharf admiring the sailboats and cruisers parked in their neat little berths.  They were sitting together looking out at the bay and watching the boats bob up and down in the water when Andy got up and walked down the dock to look at something.  Mike sat there and stared.  There was such an attraction it almost scared him.  As he watched her cute tush amble down the pier he had to admit to himself something he’d never experienced before.  He was in love.  When she returned, they walked back to their room and spent a quiet evening together, readying themselves for the morrow.
The next morning they headed north to Los Angeles where the real diamond district was.  The first shop they stopped in wanted to purchase the diamonds on the spot and offered only a fifteen percent discount off wholesale instead of their twenty percent pitch.  Mike and Andy were amazed about one thing, not one of the diamond wholesalers asked any questions as to the origin of the stones or how they came to possess them.  From their questioning they estimated they were holding, at wholesale, close to a half million dollars in diamonds.  Andy’s mom was pretty close.
Next, they made their way to Wilshire, a street in the heart of the diamond district in downtown Los Angeles.  This area was completely different.  They could tell it was the wholesale diamond center of the west coast because it was actually a diamond district.  They spent over two hours visiting stores on their list.  When they inquired about supply, none of the wholesalers seemed unable to meet their demands.  All of the shops were close to each other, and Mike smelled a pattern.  It was as if all of the wholesalers responded in a similar fashion, like maybe they all knew each other.  He couldn’t quite put his finger on it, but he smelled something.  As in each store, they left their contact information and Mike dropped listening devices behind.
They were getting pretty good at their pitch, and by about one they had been through six of the eight wholesalers located on their list.  They took a lunch break then made their way to Dean Stein Wholesale Jewelry.  They started their story the same way, and after asking to speak with the owner, were escorted into a very plush office.  On the way in Mike placed two snooping devices.  After shaking Dean’s hand, he dropped a listening device under the arm of his chair.
After going through their proposal, Mr. Stein said, “Well, Mr. and Mrs. Andersen, we don’t often get a couple in our business asking to sell diamonds below market value.”
Andy answered, “Look.  I don’t mean to be rude, but I’ve found in this business you don’t ask a lot of questions.  Either you are interested or you are not.  Jim and I are staying at the Balboa Bay Club in Newport Beach.  If you’re interested you can leave a message there.  We’re leaving Saturday for New York City.”
Stein stood up from behind his desk.  “I apologize, Mrs. Andersen.  I will consider your offer and get back to you.”   He shook their hands.  Mike and Andy left his office.  
As they approached their car Mike noticed a large, heavy man about forty years old duck around the corner.  When they pulled out of the parking lot he spied the same man behind the wheel of a Mercedes wearing sunglasses.  He turned in the same direction they were heading.  Okay, guys, what do you want to do? he texted to the agents tailing him.  The cell phone rang and he put it on speaker.  “Mike, play him a bit.  We can’t tell if he’s really tailing you.  See if you can lose him, then we’ll reverse the tables and put the tail on him.  Might’ve scared up something, here.”
Mike answered.  “Keep the cell live.  I know you can hear us but we need the phone to hear you.  Ok, here we go.”
He spoke while looking in the rear view mirror.  “Andy, you see that black Mercedes?”
“Yeah.”
“We want to see if we’re being followed.  Try to keep him in your sights.”
Mike was in downtown Los Angeles heading East on Sixth Street.  A few blocks later he got to Hill Street and turned left.  In a few blocks they were at Pershing Square.
Andy got animated and started pointing.  “Look, Mike, that’s the square that was featured in the movie Speed.  I liked that film.”  He looked over at her and smiled, then looked in the rear view mirror.  Sure enough, the Mercedes was still there.
At the end of the park he hooked a left then at the next block a right on to River Street.  He knew where he was now.  The traffic was too tight to try to lose the asshole.  Mike came up with an idea.  Ahead was the Omni Hotel, where he’d stayed several times.
Before he got to the hotel he told Andy, and the agents listening his plan.  “I’m going to take a left into the circular drive of the Omni, go to the valet and let him think we’re checking in.  We’ll enter the hotel then exit on the other side.  That’ll give you guys time to get his tail set up, and when he realizes we’re not coming out, he’ll leave.  Good hunting guys!”
“Roger and out.”
“Okay, Andy,” Mike said.  “Please just follow me into the hotel and we’ll be done with this idiot.”
Mike got out of the car and approached the valet.  Andy got out of the passenger side and grabbed something from her purse.  Instead of walking into the hotel lobby she turned and proceeded six cars down to where the Mercedes was parked.  She walked over to the driver’s window and knocked.  The window rolled down.  He took off his sunglasses and looked at her breasts.  She bent down, smiled and said, Surprise! while she raised a small container of pepper spray and let it loose into his eyes.  As she turned and walked back to a very unsettled Mike all she could hear was screaming and a lot of sobbing.
She smiled at Mike.  “Ginger gave me that spray.  Always wanted to try it.  Want to go in for a drink?”
“Ah, I think it’s time we took a break.  Get in the car.  Let’s get a drink somewhere else, and then we can finish up our list.  God, Andy, I don’t know what to do with you.”
“Mike, I think what you have been doing with me up ‘til now is just fine.  You know, it’ll take some time to get back to our hotel.  Can’t we finish up tomorrow?  We’ve got dinner tonight with Cathy and Jack, remember?”
The cell phone came alive.  “Nice trick, Ma’am.  Once the baby stops crying we’ll be on his ass like white on rice.  Mike?  Look, you’re done for the day.  Enjoy the evening.  Remember, we’ll still be on your tail tonight and our guys are watching you at the hotel.”
“Roger that,” said Mike.  “We’re outta here.”
Chapter 15


Thursday

Around eight they arrived at Cathy’s home on Lido Isle, a place where the rich and famous and old money lived.  They were invited into the family room overlooking the water where Cathy liked to entertain.  She made everyone drinks and they sat together on an overstuffed down sofa and loveseat.
“So, Mike” Cathy asked, “you’re old friends from Andy’s days in Colorado?”
“Yes.  I grew up on a ranch just down the road from the Holmes place.  I didn’t attend school with Andy because I’m several years older than her, but in the summers I’d work the cattle ranch for Mr. Holmes.  That’s where I met Andy.  I recently retired from the Air Force and am just now looking up old acquaintances.  Tell me, how did you and Andy become friends?”
Cathy smiled a knowing smile.  “We met in college.  Andy had a condo close to the campus and was advertising for a roommate.  Even though my parents lived close by, I wanted the freedom of being on my own, so we became roommates.”
Andy added.  “We became best friends and did almost everything together.  I’m even responsible for Cathy marrying Jack.  I introduced them.”
“Well, it wasn’t exactly like that,” said Cathy.  “Jack at one time had a big crush on Andy, but she fell for Richard.  We all still wanted to hang out together so Jack and I would double date with Andy and Rick.  I’m so grateful, because over time Jack fell in love with me.”
“Jack was into photography, and when we all started hanging around together he used to take photos of me modeling,” said Andy.  “Those were fun days.  There was a small group of us who all hung out together.  A lot of us still keep in touch.”
“Andy, remember how shy and skinny Jack was?  It was because of you that he got into our group.”
“I remember.  He did have a big crush on me and when Rick came into my life he kind of withdrew.”
Mike asked.  “How did the two of you wind up working together in the business?”
Cathy answered.  “It happened through tragedy.  Five years ago, in the same year Andy lost Richard, I lost both my parents.  We spent a lot of time grieving together, and one day Andy suggested we get out of town, so we went on a shopping trip to Europe.  I was really into antiques and we had fun buying things for the store.  When we got back Andy suggested I work with her full time in the shop.  God knows, I don’t need any money, it’s just that I enjoy the work so much.”
The door to the garage opened into the kitchen.  “Honey, I’m home.”
Cathy walked into the kitchen and greeted her husband with a kiss.  “Hi, dear.  How was your trip to Washington?  Oh, Andy is here with her friend, Mike.  Why don’t you freshen up and then you can meet them.”
After a few minutes Jack entered the family room.  He smiled, approached Andy and gave her a hug and kiss on the cheek.  “So nice to see you again, Andy.  You look great.”
“Thank you, Jack.” She turned to Mike.  “Mike, meet Jack.”
Jack extended his hand.  “Mike, nice to meet you.  Jack, Jack Zimmer.”
“Time for dinner!” announced Cathy.  They sat down in the dining room and began passing the food around the table.
Cathy began.  “Jack, Mike is an old friend of Andy’s from Colorado.  He just got out of the Air Force and looked Andy up.”
 “I understand you, Cathy and Andy go back to your college days,” commented Mike.  
For just a split second Mike noticed a hard, cold stare in Jack’s eyes, and then a softening.  “Yeah.”
Cathy added.  “Jack was a great photographer.  He took pictures all the time.  A lot of them landed in our school newspaper.”
Mike inquired.  “Jack, what do you do?   Cathy told us you just got back from Washington.  Are you still in photography?”
Jack, while cutting his meat answered, “No.  That was just a hobby.  Up until about five years ago I ran the U.S. diamond operations for De Beers.  Today I have my own import-export business dealing mainly with the Far East and China.”
“Sounds interesting.  There’s so much coming out of China today, I’m sure you’re keeping busy.”
“It’s been a good business for me.”  He looked at Mike and smiled.  He bit the meat off his fork and then placed his utensils down next to his plate.
“This is such tender prime rib,” said Mike.  “Cathy, you’re an excellent cook!”
“Why, thank you, Mike,” smiled Cathy, enjoying the compliment.
“Mike,” asked Jack as he raised the bottle, “would you care for another glass of wine?”
“Yes, thank you.”  Mike extended his glass to Jack.  “It’s an excellent merlot.”
When the meal was over Andy and Cathy cleared off the dishes while the men sat in the family room.  Jack told Mike.  “I have one weakness, Cubans.  I don’t know if you smoke, but would you like to join me on the porch?”
“I’d be happy to.  I generally smoke cigarettes, but would have a difficult time refusing a Cubano.”  The men took their drinks to the porch and enjoyed the cigars.  The conversation remained light and soon the ladies arrived.
After about twenty minutes Jack told the group.  “You’ll have to excuse me, I’ve got jet lag and feel a headache coming on.  Mike, it was nice meeting you.  Andy, as always it’s nice to see you again.”
He kissed Cathy goodnight and turned to leave.  As he was leaving he noticed Andy place her arm around Mike’s waist and give him a squeeze.  Andy and Cathy chatted for a few more minutes while Mike sat alone on the porch finishing his cigar.
When he returned to the kitchen he heard Andy say to Cathy, “Okay, I’ll check with Mike, but we should be able to do lunch tomorrow.”
Mike came in the room and chimed in, “Of course.  We’ll make sure of it.  You girls decide where you want to go.”  Everyone hugged, said their farewells and they left for the hotel.  Mike, while driving back said, “You have some nice friends who go way back.  I’m glad for you.”
“Yes, I do.  Thank you for agreeing on lunch tomorrow.”
They drove into the hotel parking lot and went directly to their room.  It had been a long day.  There were four voice mail messages, but he ignored them.  He knew the FBI had already listened.  They showered and went to bed feeling very close together.  Mike was content to have Andy’s head tucked in the crook of his arm.  She was very still and he liked watching her fall asleep next to him.  The light coming in from the parking lot cast a soft glow on Andy’s face highlighting her beauty.  With everything that had happened over the past twelve days he had hardly time to consider his feelings.  In Colorado she confessed to him that she did not want their relationship to end.  And now, sleeping next to him in bed, tucked safely in his arms he felt content.  ‘Yes,’ he thought, ‘I want this woman in my life.’  He fell asleep wondering if this was how love felt.
Chapter 16


Jack Zimmer excused himself to his bedroom.  He locked the door four times.  With his headache crushing down on him he just managed to make the call to his psychiatrist, Bruce Jameson.
“Bruce, Jack Zimmer.”
“Kinda late, Jack.”
“I pay you enough.  I gotta talk.  She was here tonight, along with a male friend.”
“Jack, you know all about these obsessions.  We talk about your OCD every time you’re in.  In your case you have sexual obsessions with intrusive thoughts.  She just triggers the obsession.  Jack, can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.”
“Are you taking your meds?”
“Fuckin’ bitch.  I want to kill her.”
“Jack, Jack.  You know those are only thoughts.  You have to let those feelings run their course.  If you take your meds it’ll help.”
“Got such a migraine-she ruined my life.  Since college.  Can’t get her out of my mind.  Wanted to kill the bitch and her boyfriend.”
“If you think you might act on your feelings, please let me know and I will come get you.”
“No.  This is between us.  I just hate this feeling of being out of control.”
“Jack, you know it has a name, its called comorbidity.  Take your medicine, and then get in a hot shower.  Try to get some sleep and call me tomorrow when you get to work.”
Chapter 17


Friday, January 27th 

Jack Zimmer arrived in his office around six.  Like most people on the West coast who had to deal with people on the East coast it was early to rise.  His trip to Washington was necessary because he had to meet face to face with the politicians he had in his pocket.  They all assured Jack that they would put pressure on the domestic operations and get the FBI to downgrade its investigation.  Their influence in Homeland Security, ICE and the Bureau was significant.  Zimmer had to remind them, as a group, how each of them had ties back to him, and if things were exposed it could not only be embarrassing but cost them their re-elections.  And, of course, as a result of this trip he had distributed almost two hundred and fifty thousand dollars for their upcoming campaigns.  His phone calls to Washington that morning confirmed things were put in motion.
At around seven Jack received a call from General Zhao.  “I have been busy working from my end.  My relative and friend, the Assistant Ambassador met with the Ambassador of China who, in turn, made a call to the White House.” 
“I’m listening,” said Zimmer. 
“They discussed trade and money.  The U.S. needs cash, and he explained China might not be able to lend any more down the road if relations continued to be damaged by the CIA and if US Customs didn’t stop harassing innocent Chinese citizens crossing the border.  Your president and his administration are so stupid.”
Jack was on his third cup of coffee when he received a call from Dean.
“Good news, Jack,” said Dean.  “I think we found the people who stole our diamonds from Zhao.”
“Really?  Who? Any Names?”
“Yeah.  It’s a James and Sandra Andersen.  They were in my office yesterday trying to work a deal.  Staying at a hotel in Newport Beach.”
“Could you get a hint of what they were up to?”
“They seemed confident, especially the woman.  Told me they could provide a constant supply.”
“Did you leave them alone, like I asked?”
“Yeah.  I just put a tail on them, Lenny.  Poor bastard, they found out he was following them and the woman got him good with pepper spray.  Lenny would like to kill her.”
“He might get his chance, but, listen, let’s first see what they’re all about.  Did you get photos?”
 “Better.  I taped them.  Thought I’d bring the CD over to you.  They’re heading to New York tomorrow.”
“Come at eleven.   We’ll make our plans then do lunch.”
When Dean arrived they put the CD in the computer.
Jack thought his head would explode.  “What the fuck?  Jeesus Christ!  I shudda known, that miserable bitch!”
“Boss, what are you talking about?”
“I know them.  Those fucking two were at my house for dinner last night! Sonnavabitch!  Damn!  I can’t believe it.  Awww fuck!”
“Boss?”
“Look.  You know where my wife, Cathy works?
“Sure, Lyons and Holmes.”
“Well, Goddammit, that woman there is the Holmes in Lyons and Holmes!  I’ve hated that bitch since college and now she’s fucking with my business.  Look. I gotta do something, but I can’t think right now.  Can you meet me tomorrow morning for breakfast?”
“Sure.”
“I should have a plan by then.  In the meanwhile, just stay away from them.  I don’t want them to catch on to this.  I’ll have it figured out by tomorrow.  Just leave, ok?”
“See you tomorrow.  Call if you have any questions, boss.”
Jack tried his best to compose himself and get some work done, but it was impossible.  He went down to the street, hailed a cab and had it take him to the nearest hotel.  Once checked in he locked the door three times, closed the curtains, stripped naked, turned off all the lights and let the migraine work its course through his head as he lay in the dark, muscles twitching and pain shooting in all directions.
He woke up around seven in the evening with the migraine in recession, but soaked in sweat.  He got in the shower and starting with the right hand began his cleaning ritual of washing each finger fifteen times.  When finished, he dressed and put his best charming and debonair smile on his face.  He was very pleasant to the cabby, and when he arrived at the office, got in his car and drove home to a waiting wife.
Chapter 18


Friday

Andy and Mike were awoken by the ringing of the telephone.  The FBI Field Agent Marty Kerns was on the other line.
“Good morning, Mike.  You up?  I’d like to come over and bring you up to date.”
“Sure, give us a half hour and we’ll order room service for breakfast.”
Marty showed up on schedule and was ushered into the room.  The last thing he looked like was an FBI agent.  He was tall and slender, about thirty wearing a Lakers tee complete with cap on backwards.  He looked like a wannabe pro basketball player.  They discussed the recordings on voice mail and operations of the prior day.
Marty took a sip of his coffee.  “Mike, there is so much data we are collecting.  I can’t tell you how helpful your work has been.  We’re beginning to tie these diamond wholesalers together, big time.  There appears to be someone who is the kingpin distributing blood diamonds throughout the Los Angeles diamond district.  It could be larger than that because those snooping devices you dropped off have revealed a lot of calls made long distance to other shops.  We just don’t know yet.
Mike looked at Marty.  “Yesterday I smelled something.  I started to see a pattern emerging when we went from shop to shop.  That must be it.  They’re conspiring together and enjoying big profits by mixing blood diamonds with the clean ones.”
Marty agreed.  “Something like that.  We just don’t know.  That brings me to another point.”
“What is it?” asked Andy.
“Well, you’ve uncovered so much that we need more time to sort it out.  The guys in Washington have decided to back off until Monday.  Give us time to analyze and strategize.  They want you to take the weekend off and we’ll resume on Monday.  Of course, we’ll keep the protection on you.  My boss suggests you find some nice cozy spot and hole up until Monday morning.”  Mike smelled something.
“Oh, Mike.  I know just the spot,” said Andy.  “We can go wine tasting in Temecula then go to Julian for the night.  I’ve told you about it.  Its way up in the hills.  Can we?”
Agent Kerns smiled.  “I know the area.  That would be remote yet close enough for you to get back easily.  God knows, you could use three days’ rest.”
“Ok,” said Mike.  “I understand.  Listen, Marty, we’re heading downstairs for a workout and a swim.  After that we’re having lunch with a friend.”
“Fine.  You’ve got me and another agent watching you.  That’ll be enough.”
He left the suite and Mike turned to Andy.  “Something’s wrong.  Let me think about it.”  Mike pushed the workout hard, got the blood pumping through his body.  After the cardio he worked on the weights, all the time letting his thoughts wander in hopes that somewhere in the synapses of his brain they would connect into an idea.
He still had nothing when he left the gym and looked for Andy at the pool.  She waved him over to her lounge chair.  “Hi!  I just got a phone call.  Here, I saved you a chair.”
Mike sat next to her.  “From who?”
“Uncle Bill.  He said, tell Mike I smell a snake, but not to worry, he’s got us covered.”
“That’s all?”
“Well, no.  He told me a joke.  Want to hear it?”
“Sure.  Let’s jump in the water first.  I’m all sweaty.”
She joined him in the pool.  “Ok, here goes.  The FBI had an opening for an assassin.  After all the background checks, interviews and testing were done there were 3 finalists.  Two men and a woman.  For the final test, the FBI agents took one of the men to a large metal door and handed him a gun.  ‘We must know that you will follow your instructions no matter what the circumstances.  Inside the room you will find your wife sitting in a chair.  Kill Her!’  The man said, ‘You can't be serious, I could never shoot my wife. ’ The agent said, ‘Then you're not the right man for this job. Take your wife and go home.’  The second man was given the same instructions.  He took the gun and went into the room.  All was quiet for about 5 minutes.  The man came out with tears in his eyes.  ‘I tried, but I can't kill my wife.’  The agent said.  ‘You don't have what it takes.  Take your wife and go home.’  Finally, it was the woman's turn.  She was given the same instructions, to kill her husband.  She took the gun and went into the room.  Shots were heard, one after another.  They heard screaming, crashing, banging on the walls.  After a few minutes, all was quiet.  The door opened slowly and there stood the woman.  She wiped the sweat from her brow, ‘This gun was loaded with blanks.  I had to beat him to death with the fucking chair.’”
Mike laughed and dunked her underwater.
They met Cathy at the Arches for lunch.  The conversation between Andy and Cathy was mainly business with some small talk in-between.  Mike enjoyed relaxing back and listening to the conversation.  When it was time to order he selected the prime rib sandwich.
When lunch was over and they were sipping coffee, Andy unconsciously rubbed Mike’s leg.
Cathy noticed.  “Okay, guys.  What’s up with you two?  You know you can’t hide it from me.”
Andy smiled.  “No, I can’t.  Not right now, but soon.  By the way, Mike and I are heading to Temecula tomorrow and then to Julian on Sunday.”
“Mike, you’ll love it!  It’ll probably be snowing up there,” said Cathy. “The two of you look very nice together, by the way.”
“Thanks,” said Andy.
Mike paid the bill and they left.  They spent the rest of the day enjoying the best of Orange County.  The day was warm for January, a sunny sixty-four degrees, no rain.  They enjoyed time together walking up and down Huntington Beach, stopping in a couple of shops to purchase some cold weather clothing– parkas, gloves and boots.  That evening they rested in their room and watched a movie.  Just before midnight agent 
Kerns knocked on the door.  He entered.  “Your plans are all set for tomorrow.  We’ve got you on the first flight to New York.  It’s an eight A.M. American departure.  I’ll pick you up at six.”
“What are you talking about?” asked Mike.
“We’re going to increase your cover.  I’ll take you to the airport and you will walk down the jet way.  That’s as far as you’ll go.  We’ll wait until the flight departs, and then I’ll have a tug pick you up at the bottom of the stairs and bring you around to a secure area.  You told everyone you were heading to New York tomorrow, so if they have people watching you they’ll be convinced you are on your way back East.”
“That’s Uncle Bill, isn’t it?” whispered Andy to Mike.  He nodded.
The next morning everything went off as planned and soon Mike and Andy were on their way to Temecula, an hour and a half drive into the foothills.  They were driving a green Jeep Cherokee. This time Mike drove.  Their tail, of course, was Agent Kerns.
Andy, while riding shotgun was leafing through a brochure.  “Want me to tell you about Temecula?”
“Sure.  Read it to me.”
“Okay.  It’s ninety miles from Los Angeles and says here it’s in the heart of California's South Coast wine region.  Rolling hills are covered with vineyards, expansive views reaching to eleven thousand foot high mountains.  The wineries produce award winning wines- that’s enough.  You’ll find out yourself.  Besides I can’t read too much while riding.  I don’t want to barf on you.”
“Much appreciated,” he said, reaching over and patting her upper thigh with his right hand.
“You’ll love the town and we’ll have a great time sampling wines.”
After arriving they spent the afternoon driving up and down the roads that threaded into a seemingly endless array of wineries.  They had lunch at a winery and enjoyed far too many tasting rooms.
As they were heading back to town Andy noticed a strained look on Mike’s face.  “Mike, you look troubled.  What is it?”  As she said this she placed her hand on the back of his neck and started massaging it gently.  “Is it something I should know?”
“Yeah, there is,” he said slowly.
“Well, we’ve really been through a lot together.  Spit it out, Major.”
“I know, but this is more difficult for me than anything I’ve ever encountered before.”  It was silent for about a mile.  The road had little traffic so Mike pulled over to the side and stopped.
He unhooked his seat belt, faced her and looked directly in her eyes.  He placed his right hand on her cheek.  “Andy, I’m in love with you.”
Andy smiled deeply and put her arms around his neck.  “And I’m in love with you.”  They came together and gently kissed.
Mike knew this was one of those rare moments that would remain indelibly etched in his mind.  He understood that in this moment, as they came together expressing something from deep within their souls, would be a pivot point for them that would forever change them and move their lives in a different direction.  Together.  They kissed deeply.  Finally, when Mike started to drive off he looked around.  He wanted to remember the spot where he told the woman he of his life that he loved her.
They looked for a hotel room in town.  This time of year there were a lot of rooms available but the hotels were mostly Motel 6-type abodes.
“Oh!  I know,” said Andy.  “The Pechanga Casino is just outside of town.  Let’s go there.”  It was agreed so they drove to the casino and checked in.  They went back downstairs for dinner, and while walking to the restaurant Andy was rummaging through her purse.
“What are you looking for?”
“Just a minute.  Ahh, here it is.”  She produced the players’ card from The Quechan Casino that still had over twenty five thousand dollars on it.  “A lot of the Indian casinos allow you to use a card from another Indian casino.  Let’s see,” as she said this she sat on the chair and inserted her card.  “Shucks!  Doesn’t work.  I’ll go get a player’s card for here.  Be a doll, Mike, and get us a drink.  I’ll save you the chair next to me.”
He walked around the casino to check it out then returned to watch Andy play her penny slots.  It was fun watching her win another two thousand in pennies.
“It’s amazing the luck you have at those games,” Mike said.  “But I’m hungry.  Why don’t you cash out and I’ll let you buy us dinner with your winnings.”  
They ate and had a drink at the bar, and then went to the room to sleep.  Somehow their lovemaking that evening was more tender and sweeter than ever before and as they lay there enjoying the feeling of the mingling of their bodies it was easy to say to each other, “I love you.”
The next morning they ate and took off for Julian, but only after Andy won another five hundred pennies.  It was fortunate the Jeep had four wheel drive because as they reached the three thousand foot level it started to snow.  Mike knew about snow, so he drove.  It was a little tricky, considering there where many hairpin turns and few guardrails.
“Julian is a favorite place for me.  It’s really less than two hours from where I live in the valley, and in the summer Imperial can get up to one hundred twenty, or more.  It’s a welcome retreat from the heat.”
“A hundred twenty?  Reminds me of Baghdad.”
“Yeah, but up here in Julian it would be eighty.  I can go hiking or just play tourist.  Then, in the fall there’s apple picking or grape stomping, and in the winter snow like we’re having now.  They get four seasons up here because of the elevation.”
The road kept its upward trek, winding continuously back and forth through the light snow until they reached four thousand feet when they broke through the clouds.  It was odd, knowing it was snowing below them but clear and sunny above the cloud line.  Julian was at an elevation of over forty-two hundred feet, sunny, clear and about forty-five degrees with melting snow.  Mike was surprised to see so many tourists.  There was one restaurant on Main Street, Ma’s Pies that was so busy it had a line outside waiting to get in.  As they drove by, the smell of fresh baked pies was irresistible.   Up and down the streets people were scurrying in and out of stores, antique shops, bars, etc. and enjoying themselves.  There were horse drawn carriages giving rides around the town.  A nice job was done restoring this old gold mining town.
“I know a nice Bed and Breakfast spot.  It’s a room above the restaurant,” said Andy.  “Pull in the alley on the right and wind around the back of Ma’s Pies.”  Mike pulled up and parked.
“Wait here,” Andy said.  “I’ll see if Ma is in.”
“Wait,” he said.  “There really is a Ma?”
“Of course.  She buys antiques from me all the time.  The whole family runs the restaurant and bakery.”  She got out and came back a few minutes later with a 70-ish, short, roly-poly lady wearing a white apron and baker’s cap.
“Mike, meet ‘Ma.’”
“Uh, hi, Ma,” said Mike.
“My, Andy, he’s a looker,” said Ma as she gave Mike a big hug and a slap on the butt.  “Wanna share him?”
“Ma, you’ve got such a dirty mind!”
“Well, you know, Pa died several years ago.  Gotta somehow keep the machinery greased up, you know!  I married Phil, and he’s a lot of fun.  I just don’t like him dressing up in my clothes.  Stretches them out too much.  Enough of that.  Come on in, I’ve got room for you upstairs.”  As she said this she grabbed Andy’s arm and led them in the back door.  As they started up the stairs Andy went first, then Mike.  As the door closed Ma gave Mike another swat on the ass.  ‘Maybe it’s the altitude,’ Mike mused.
They took two rooms.  Mike called Agent Kerns and had him come up.  “Marty,” he said.  “I got a room for you across the hall.”
“Thanks.  Look, things seem pretty calm here, but just to be sure I’ve added Agent Wayne Biltmore.  He’s come up from San Diego.”
He called Biltmore.  “Biltmore, if all is clear come on upstairs.”  Soon Mike and Andy met Agent Biltmore, a 50-ish balding man, a little overweight wearing a sweater that said I got pied at Ma’s.  He looked like another tourist.  Mike thought there might be a double meaning in Ma’s inscription.  The plan was simple.  The agents would take two hour shifts, one to rest in the room across the hall, and the other to keep watch outside from within the car.  ‘Boy,’ thought Mike, ‘I remember all the years of that.  Glad I didn’t jump right into the CIA or I might be doing a similar stakeout somewhere in the world’.
Ma kept a separate table in the back for her B&B clients.  Mike and Andy ate dinner, complete with her Julian apple pie.  Before leaving Ma came by and sat next to Mike.  “I need to tell you something,” she said in a hushed voice.  “Gertrude, Maude, and I were sitting on the park bench this afternoon, a little after you arrived.  We were having a quiet conversation when something very unusual happened.
“What’s that?” asked Mike, excitedly.
She spoke softly in a hushed tone.  Mike and Andy had to move in close to her so they could hear.  “Well, a suspicious looking man approached us from across the park.” 
“Really?  Can you describe him?” asked Mike, pulling out his notepad.
“He was middle-aged, tall and well built.”  Mike started writing the information in his pad.
“What happened?” asked Andy. 
“Well, he came up to all three of us, stood right in front of us, and opened his trench coat.  He was a flasher.  Gertrude immediately had a stroke.  Then Maude also had a stroke.  But me, being older and shorter, I couldn’t reach that far.”
Mike and Andy laughed until their sides hurt.  Finally, when he got his composure he said.  “You’d really like my dad!”
“Bring him on!”
They spent the evening playing ‘tourist,’ strolling in and out of shops.  They had a few drinks at a western bar where there was a live band and around ten o’clock headed back towards their room.
“Mike,” said Andy, I know a spot, its a few miles away, that I’d like to show you tomorrow.  It’s so beautiful.  Right at the ridge of the mountain you can look down and see the whole Imperial Valley to the East.  I go there sometimes when I want to be alone and think.  I’d like to share my special place with you.”
“It would be an honor,” said Mike as he grasped her hand.  Let’s go back.  I’m tired, you?”
“Maybe it’s the altitude, but I need a good night’s sleep.”
Chapter 19


Sunday

They woke up early to the smell of fresh baked pies wafting up from below, took a shower and dressed, then headed down for breakfast.  The skies were clear and already at nine o’clock the temperature hovered around fifty-five degrees with no wind.  It would be a beautiful day.  After breakfast Mike called Agent Kerns and let him know about their plans for the day.
As they drove off Mike looked over at Andy.  She looked beautiful with the sun shining down on her wavy red hair with her natural skin tone so soft and alive.  She needed no makeup.
Andy looked back at him and smiled.  “We have to go east for a bit and up another five hundred feet or so before we reach the top,” she said as she maneuvered the Cherokee up the winding road.  When she got to the apex of the mountain the main road turned sharply to the right, and Mike could see that it was the way down the other side of the hill.  Instead of following the road she stopped, put the Cherokee in four wheel drive and turned left up a narrow dirt road.  After about ten minutes he looked back and saw Agent Kerns and his partner following a ways behind.
“Mike, we’re approaching the end.  There’s a level stone tabletop that will allow us to drive almost to the edge.”  She drove for another five minutes.  Mike was amazed at the vastness of the country that lay out before him.  A good portion of the Imperial Valley spread 180 degrees in front and the mountains behind.  He understood how Andy could come up here and really enjoy being alone.  There were no cars, no cottages and the barren rock-strewn land affording no farming, either.
She stopped, gave Mike a kiss.  “Welcome to my private spot.”
They walked towards the edge and Mike could see the beauty of the arid land that stretched out before them.  One wrong step and he’d be over the edge.
“Mike, do you remember the book you saw on the family room table?  The Winning of Barbara Worth?”
“Yes.”
“Well, the author, Harold Bell Wright described this land so beautifully.  Barbara Worth was saved from death in the desert when she was three and adopted by a rich banker, Jefferson Worth.  She had such ties with the desert, like I do, that I think sometimes I could have been her.”
Pointing to the desert valley below with her left hand she continued.  “This is what Barbara Worth called the ‘Hollow of God’s Hand.’  Barbara felt ‘in a way, it belonged to her; that she belonged to it.  It was her desert.   It’s desolation she shared; its waiting she understood; something of its mystery colored her life; something within her answered to its call.  It was her desert; she feared it; hated it; loved it.’  That’s one of my favorite quotes from the book.”
Mike looked up and saw the Cherokee the FBI agents were in slowly approach, then stop.  He looked at the Jeep, and momentarily a thought went through his mind, ‘Something must be up.  They always stay out of sight.’ 
It was too late to make a move.  The Jeep doors flung open and out rushed three men, two carrying Uzi’s and the third a pistol.  One of the men Mike recognized as Dean Stein, the jeweler they met on Friday.  The second man was the one Andy got with pepper spray.  The third he could not recognize.
They were about thirty feet away.  Dean shouted.  “Okay, you two.  Just relax.  Mr. Foley, or Andersen, whichever you prefer, remove any weapons.”  Mike bent down and took the .38 out of his leg holster and threw it across the rocks.
“Thank you.  Now, nothing rash.  We’re just going to sit here for a few minutes until the boss arrives, okay?”
Andy put her arm around Mike.  “Oh Mike, what’s going to happen?”
Mike shouted to Dean, “Where’s my men?”
“Your men?  Those pussies?  Why, they’re sleeping in the trunk.  Permanent like.  You’ll be the same if you don’t shut up.  You’ll have your chance to talk in a minute.”
The sun was now well up in the sky and it was actually getting warm.  Soon, another vehicle approached, it was a midnight blue Mercedes E-550 sedan.  It pulled up next to the other car.  The driver got out, closed the door and turned towards Mike and Andy.
“What the hell?” questioned Andy.  “Jack?  Jack Zimmer, what the hell are you doing here?”
“What am I doing here?” he responded in a calm, emotionless voice.  “I guess the question is, Andy, what are you doing here?”
“Whaddya mean, Jack?”
“I’ll ask the questions.  For the first one, why did you steal my diamonds?”
“Jack, no matter what you’re involved in, I know Mike can help.”
“Again, you bitch, why did you steal my diamonds?”
“What diamonds, Jack?”  Jack turned around, walked to his car and got his briefcase out.  He returned and opened the case.  Mike could see a laptop, a gun and his two pouches of diamonds in the case.
Jack took the pouches and his gun out of the case, stood up holding the pouches in one hand and his pistol in the other.  “These diamonds, you stupid bitch.”
Mike had given the diamonds to Agent Kerns for safekeeping, so he now knew they had murdered the two FBI men.
He decided to answer Jack.  “Look, Jack, the FBI and CIA are in on this operation.  You’ll be better off if you surrender to us and let me work it out with them on your behalf.”
“On my behalf?” snickered Zimmer.  “You don’t understand.  Remember my flight from Washington the night you so graciously had dinner in my home?  I was meeting with over a dozen Senators and Congressmen who have had my support for years.  Guess what?  Operation NEIL has suddenly been downgraded by the FBI.  And my buddy General Zhao has had his people discuss things with the White House.  You fool.  You think life is more valuable than money?  There’s been close to a hundred million distributed by my operation over the years, and where there’s money, there’s greed.  You think any of those politicians want to be cut off from my supply?  Think again.  They’ve been fed too long and re-elected enough times because of me, they won’t settle for anything less.  And, by the way, you aren’t even in the Bureau, you’re just an expendable civilian.  Andy, too.”
“Jack, what’s happened to you?” asked Andy.
Jack stared at Andy, and as he did his facial expression turned from neutral to one of hatred.  Rage was in his voice now.  “You, little Miss Andy.  Oh, so sweet Andy.  Oh the Andy, the one who teased my cock in college, and when I fell in love with her, turned on me.  Why?  Just to be cruel.  Strung me along just long enough to embarrass me.  Went out with Richard, behind my back.  How I hated you for that.  Then, of all things, you tried to pretend, oh so innocent Andy.  Oh, yes, and she tells me it was a surprise to her.  Then, she gets engaged.  Liked to smear my nose in the dirt, didn’t you?  You little slut.” 
All the time Jack was telling his story his face became more and more animated and contorted.  “Well, I showed you, you little rich bitch.  Let me tell you a little story from our past.  How’s that sound?  One day I decided if I couldn’t have you, neither would Richard, that pretty-boy fool.  Stupid jock.  How many pussies do you think he fucked before yours?  And you were so in love.  He didn’t care about you.  Damn you, I was there for you and you couldn’t see past some jock’s hard cock?  You couldn’t see he was playing you?  I could.  He didn’t deserve you.  You were destroying everything we should have had.  Well, too bad, Andy.  You ever wonder how he died?  Gee, ever wonder if it was really a drunk driver that sent him off the Pacific Coast Highway?  Too late, Richard, if I couldn’t have her, no one could.  That goes for you, too, Mike.  I saw the way she held you at my house.  God, Andy, you’re still the same little slut.  Now you’re trying to ruin my business.  That’s where I draw the line.”
Andy sneered at Jack.  “You heartless, sick bastard!”
“Who, me?” retorted Jack.  “Heartless?  I married your friend Cathy didn’t I?  Was it love?   Oh, let’s see, her parents did leave her a lot of money, didn’t they?”
Andy glowered at hearing what Jack said and, being filled with rage, lunged forward to attack him.  Jack raised his gun and pistol whipped her across the cheek, making a gash and drawing blood, causing Andy to drop to her knees.  She almost fainted, and as she began to drop, Mike rushed forward to assist her, but stopped when Dean aimed his .45 and let two rounds ricochet in front of him.
Dean motioned for them to pick Andy up and bring her back to Mike, who was standing at the edge of the cliff.
“Andy,” Jack said.  “I want to thank you.  You make it so comforting, so easy to kill you.  I should have done it years ago.”  He bent down and picked up his briefcase, put the two sacks of diamonds in it and set it down.
Before returning his pistol to the case he aimed at Mike and said.  “Ok, pretty boy, let’s let Andy watch you die.”
Andy, still dazed, looked up at Jack with tears in her eyes.  “Please, Jack.  Please.”
“Look at Mike, Andy.  Watch him die.  The best place to look is in his eyes.  You can watch the life sap out of him.  I’ve done it several times and it’s a lot of fun, isn’t it Dean?”
From behind Dean answered.  “Yeah, boss.  One of my favorites.”
Mike looked at Andy.  “Andy, I’m sorry.  I failed you.”
“Mike, no!  No!  I love you.  You haven’t failed me.  You brought me back to life again.”
“Andy, I love you.  I have never loved anyone before you.  I tell you truthfully, if I were to live past this minute I’d marry you and give you lots of babies.  Good bye, my love.”  As he said this a shot blasted out of Jack’s pistol. It grazed Mike’s inner thigh.  The wound was superficial but caused Mike to drop to one knee.  Andy reached down and grabbed Mike, helping him up.  Blood was now running down both of them, down Andy’s cheek and Mike’s wound in the thigh soaking his trousers.
Jack cursed.  “Damn!  I missed.  Wanted to blow his balls off.”
“Boss,” said Dean.  “It’s my job.  You leave it to me.  Anyway, Lenny got a present from the little lady the other day and wants to take special care of her for it.”
“Ok,” said Jack, “it’s cold out, anyway.  Give me a five minute head start and finish them off, however you want.  Just make sure.  If Lenny needs more time fuckin’ her while she’s alive give it to him.  Of course he can fuck her afterwards if he doesn’t want her to move.  I don’t care, just get rid of them.”  With that he picked up his briefcase, placed the pistol in it and snapped it shut.  He turned his back on Mike and Andy, got in his Mercedes and drove off.
Dean smiled.  “Well, well.  Looks like we win and you lose.  How you thought you could break this operation I don’t know.  Zimmer has greased so many palms, and the world wants everything cheap.  Why do you think everything is made in China?  Americans want cheap TV’s, cheap computers, cheap everything.  Why not diamonds?  The boss’s past employer controlled diamonds and kept prices high.  Dean simply exported diamonds cheaper.  Just what Americans demand.  No one cares if some fuckin’ African slave was killed for the perfect diamond on her finger, he only wants the best price.  Hey, look at it like this, it’s the American Way.  Ha-ha!  Turn around if you don’t want to watch us kill you.  Either way, we’re going to blow you off this rock in about two minutes.”
Mike and Andy stood holding each other.  As the minutes passed by they began to recover from their wounds.  Mike’s head, while clear, could not think of anything that would allow their escape.  For the first time in his career he had reached a dead-end.  Sadly, his end was at where he wanted to make a beginning, with someone he could love the rest of his life.
“Mike, I can’t believe what Jack just told me.  Cathy and I have been manipulated all these years.  It makes me sick to think Jack caused Richard’s death.” 
Dean shouted, “Okay, you two!  You can either jump off the cliff or we’ll do it for you.  Back up to the edge.”  They backed up ten feet.  The three men raised their weapons and aimed at Mike and Andy.
Lenny, thinking about his opportunity, shouted.  “Stop!”
“What?” asked Dean.
“Lemme fuck her first,” he said.
“Damn it, Lenny, it’s too late.  Dean said five minutes. Let’s just get this over with then you can have as much fun as you want.”
“Ok, boss,” said Lenny as he raised his Uzi.
The two with the Uzis looked at Dean with the nozzles of their rifles aimed down, waiting for his command.  As Dean raised his pistol, they raised the nozzles of their Uzis, the three on them were in a row, probably forty feet away.  Mike and Andy faced them bravely, arm in arm holding each other up, and cherishing their last moments together on earth.
“Zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzt,” was the concussion that erupted, almost breaking the sound barrier.  Thirty feet in front of Mike and Andy a most amazing thing happened.  The three assassins, who were readying for the kill, suddenly exploded into thousands of pieces in one gigantic blast.  Body parts were sent flying in all directions.  It was a grotesque scene as blood and body parts splattered over the rocks in front of the frightened duo.
Mike looked and Andy and she back at Mike.  The three assassins were now just body parts and them, on the ledge, alive and well.  Almost like a reflex reaction, they hugged and rejoiced in being alive.
“Oh, Mike!” cried Andy, “are we in heaven?”
“No, we’re not my love, we’re still standing on this same rock, and we’re alive.”  Mike was trying his best to put his thoughts together, but for the moment just rejoiced in knowing they were unharmed.  
Andy’s cell phone chirped alive.  They looked at each other in amazement.
“Hello?” Andy said.  “Who’s this?”
“Hi, Andy.  It’s Uncle Bill.”
“Uncle Bill?  Wha-?”
“Yeah, it’s me.  I’m watching you hug Mike right now.  I’m so glad you two are okay.  That was a close one.”
“Uncle Bill, what’s going on?
“Honey, it’s military.  Let me talk to Mike, and then he’ll explain it to you.  There’s still some things left to do.”
“Sir?”  answered a confused Mike.
 “Mike, I’ll give you more details later because I need a more secure line.  But here’s the short of it.  I was the one who started the whole Air Force Drone program ten years ago.  Not too far from where you are, as the crow flies, is an Air Force base.  It’s outside Las Vegas.  At that base are twenty-five of the top drone pilot instructors in the Air Force.  They train all the pilots. You can thank Agent Kerns for alerting us.  He sent a distress signal just before he died, and as you know, we had your coordinates from those chips in your arm.  Those hoodlums got the same thing those terrorists in the Middle East got, a precision hit from a highly sophisticated and highly secretive drone.  The drone pilot is still tracking the Mercedes.  Leave there now and get after that sonnovabitch.  Take the dirt road down the hill then turn opposite the way you came.  There’s only one road.  I’m keeping the drones up.  They’re your eyes in the sky.  When you need to talk to the pilot, dial this number.”
Uncle Bill gave him the number.  “By the way, I saw it all from my monitor.  Justified kill.” 
Mike memorized the number and the phone went dead.
Chapter 20



Jack Zimmer felt freedom like he had never felt before.  At first he was afraid the migraines might hit again, but the knowledge of Andy’s death gave him a feeling of elation, relief.  He smiled as he drove back towards Orange County, turned the radio up and listened to his favorite XM Radio station. He thought of the phrase kill two birds with one stone.  Getting rid of Andy freed him from his obsession and solved the diamond problem.  ‘Yep, killed two birds with one stone,’ he mused.  Jack smiled and tapped his fingers on the steering wheel, seventeen times with the right index finger, sixteen times with the left index finger, fifteen times with the right middle finger, fourteen times with the left middle finger, thirteen times-
Dean should have called him with the confirmation of the killing, and after about ten minutes he wondered why he’d received no call and got concerned.  He pulled over to the side of the road and looked at his cell phone.  No Signal blinked on the screen.  ‘Too many hills,’ he thought as he pulled back on the road satisfied that all went as planned.


* * * *


Mike and Andy checked their wounds, and assured that nothing was life threatening, got in their Jeep Cherokee and took off in pursuit of Jack.  Mike insisted on driving and followed Bill’s instructions.
“Mike,” complained Andy, “you’re taking these turns pretty fast.”
“I never complained when you cruised over a sand dune at sixty five.”
“Okay, I’ll shut up.  But why so fast?”
“Look, there’s something I gotta do, and I’m sorry but it ain’t gonna be pretty.”  He tossed Andy the cell phone then barked an order at her.  “Call the number I’m going to give you and ask one question and one question only, ‘how far.’  When you get the answer just hit ‘end’.”   He gave her the number and she called.
“Six klicks,” answered Andy.  Mike pushed the Cherokee to its limits and Andy left him in his silence.
Between curves, Mike took a quick look at Andy and saw she was hugging the passenger door.  He knew she was frightened.  “Andy, light me a smoke.”
 She did as he asked, then sat back and stared at him through the corner of her eye.  It was rough and at the speed Mike was going took a lot of concentration for him to stay on the road.  The conversation remained limited.  Mike’s years of training was being focused on this mission.  His concentration was unbreakable.
“Mike, you’re scaring me.  I’ve never seen such a deep, dark and determined look in your eyes before.”
“It’s the old Mike, the one that kept me alive the last twenty years.  Sorry, Andy. There’s only one thing on my mind right now and nothing, I mean nothing is going to stop me from getting this fucker.  Now leave me alone and let me do what I have to do.”
Andy shivered.  “Okay.”
“Take the phone,” Mike barked at Andy, “hit redial and ask the same question as before, no more no less.”
She did as she was told.  “Five klicks.”
“Thank you.”  Then silence.  She was afraid to ask him what a klick was.
The road was now winding upwards, switching back and forth.  On the next approaching hill Mike spied the Mercedes ahead of them.  He redoubled his efforts to catch up with it, and within a few minutes was one quarter mile away.  They were nearing the plateau on this narrow highway that curved from ridge to ridge through the mountains.  No guardrails existed and the drop was almost straight down.  
As he approached the Mercedes, Mike blurted out, “Prepare yourself for some rough bounces.  Airbag may even explode.  Hang on with both hands.”
The next turn was a hairpin that forced the Mercedes to slow to thirty miles per hour.  That gave Mike a chance to come close to its tail.  As they exited the turn the Mercedes picked up speed and as it did Mike floored the Cherokee.  He performed the perfect police spin maneuver and hit the Mercedes direct in the left rear wheel well, causing it to spin ninety degrees.  That wasn’t what Mike wanted.  He wanted to spin it completely around so he could ram it over the cliff, but because the Mercedes was a thousand pounds heavier than the Cherokee and had a lower center of gravity it corrected itself and took off as fast as it could.  The Jeep was no match for the Mercedes.  Mike couldn’t cause it to spin out and lose control.
“Shit!” he cursed and slammed his fist on the Cherokee’s steering wheel.
Mike continued to tail Zimmer for another mile or so.
“Andy,” he shouted, “redial the phone and then hand it to me.”  She did as he asked.
“Drop one in the road in front of the target prior to the next hairpin.  Place it twenty feet in front of him.”
“Affirmative.”  He tossed the phone back to Andy.
Mike hoped his plan would work.  The drone looked ahead and saw the next curve, where it deposited a heavy explosive round just in front of the Mercedes as it was making a sharp left turn around the curve.  The explosion had two effects.  First, it startled Zimmer, who was frantically trying to maintain control of the car while being chased.  Secondly, the explosion put a nice eighteen inch deep divot in the highway, deep enough so that when Jack skidded around the curve his left front wheel got stuck in the depression causing it to turn one hundred and twenty degrees.  
Mike had the perfect opportunity.  “Hang on, Andy!” he said as he floored the Cherokee to about fifty and broadsided Zimmer.  The Mercedes was no match for that and his car spun wildly around and rolled over three times.  The first roll was on the road, the second on the shoulder and the third took it over the side of a sheer cliff that dropped five hundred feet below.  The only thing that saved Zimmer was a large outcropping of rock where the car was precariously lodged six feet below the road.
The front airbags in the Cherokee exploded with such force that it deafened Mike and Andy.  It also clouded their view of the scene, but they could see enough, and through the sound of metal crumbling against the highway as the car rolled over and over, they knew Mike’s hit was a good one. 
Mike and Andy rushed out of their car and ran to the ledge where they found the Mercedes hanging precariously and pivoting dangerously on a large granite outcropping.  They looked at Jack and saw blood seeping from a wound he’d received to his forehead.  His mouth was bloodied, probably from biting his tongue, and he was coughing and spitting out blood.  As they watched, Jack began to regain consciousness.  The side impact with the Mercedes forced the rear door open, and as it flipped, tore the door off the car.  They could tell Jack was stunned.  As Jack came to it appeared to Mike he was confused and trying his best to make sense of the situation.
When his eyes finally focused he looked up at Mike and Andy and sneered.  “You, you, you couldn’t get away.”
He looked around for his briefcase and saw it was about three feet above the car resting on a rock ledge.  His gun was inside, and more importantly, his computer.  As he focused on the briefcase Mike could see that was what he wanted.
Zimmer tried forcing open the driver’s side door, but it was jammed.
He turned and looked with hatred at Andy.  “You bitch!”
He was about to say something else when she fixed her eyes on him and said through clenched teeth.  “This is just payback for Richard, you cock sucker!”
“I hate you, you little cunt!”
 Jack knew his gun was close at hand in the briefcase, just outside the back door of the Mercedes.  He undid the seatbelt and carefully inched his way over the front seat in an attempt to exit through the missing back door.  
Andy saw what Jack was after.  “Hold my hand, Mike,” shouted Andy as she leaned dangerously over the edge and grabbed for Zimmer’s briefcase.
Jack saw Andy heading for the case so he scrambled to beat her to it.  He moved too slow for Andy but moved too fast for the Mercedes.  Just as he got to the back seat and extended his arm to grab the few inches he needed to get his briefcase, the Mercedes slowly shifted off the rock, tilted, then took its final voyage five hundred feet end over end to the bottom of the ravine.  It exploded into flames.
Mike and Andy felt the heat rising from the burning funeral pyre below.
She bent over, looked down at the burning car and spit at it.  “Get me away from here.”
They got in the car and Mike redialed the pilot.  “Thanks.  I’ll take it from here,” and disconnected.  After cutting away the airbags they drove back mostly in silence.  Mike looked over at Andy from time to time and thought he saw her shudder.  He left her alone in her thoughts.
When they got over the hill and approached Ocotillo, Andy perked up.  “Mike, there’s a nice local bar just off the exit.  Let’s stop.  I need a drink.” 
They got off the eight and pulled into the Lazy Lizard.  There were no yuppies here, no super-liberals, just homespun folks, as evidenced by the bar.  The entire structure had a temporary fence around it, so it was called a patio.  Every table had an ashtray on it.  They sat down, Mike went to the bar and ordered drinks and returned to the table.  Andy had a cigarette lit for him and one for her.
“Mike, my life turned upside down this afternoon.  My best friend’s husband tried to kill us, was the kingpin in a diamond smuggling operation, the same person whom I discovered killed the one person in my life I had ever loved.  Damn, it’s been a long day!”  As she said this she came close to Mike and hugged him.  “Is this ever going to end?”
“Well,” toasted Mike, “we’re alive and the bad guys are dead.”
“Mike, something’s worrying me.”
“What is it?”
“It’s you.  When you were chasing Jack you turned into a different person than the Mike I know.”
Mike was quiet for a time.  Finally, he spoke, “Andy, it’s something you’ll have to get used to.”
“What’s that?”
“One word.  War.”
“I don’t understand.”
“I don’t expect you to.  But anyone who has been in battle knows exactly what I mean.  How do you think a Vet feels, one day battling it out in the desert, being shot at and killing the other guy just to stay alive and the next day flying home to his wife and children?  It’s a huge disconnect.  You become an animal to survive out there, but when you come home that animal has to be suppressed.  How do you tuck a monster like that away in your mental closet?  It gives me and a lot of other Vets nightmares.  Some guys get it real bad, like Hollywood, and it turns into PTSD.  With me it’s just nightmares and something I think I can control.  But I have to tell you that it’ll always be lurking back there, the monster deep, deep down inside me.”
“I’m sorry, Mike.”  She looked him in the eyes.  “I can accept that in you.  But I have to say another thing, and that is at the same time I’m not sorry, because what saved our lives on the mountain was that part of you.  The monster came out to save us.  And I love you for it.”
A tear fell from Mike’s eye.  He squeezed her hand.  “I love you, Andy and I thank you for understanding.”  He got up and went to the washroom.  When he returned he told Andy, “My mind’s racing.  Something else is going on.  There was a disconnect.  Shit, politics got in the way of right and wrong and almost cost us our lives.  It pisses me off.”
What do you mean?”
“Drink up,” he said, “we’re not done yet.”  They finished, got in the damaged Cherokee and drove to Andy’s house.  There was no more guard on the house.  Operation NEIL was over, like it never happened.  That really pissed him off.  It didn’t matter to the FBI or CIA if they were still in danger.  It had been squashed and that meant it was done and over. He drove up and entered the garage, and then closed the garage door.  Andy had fallen asleep on the way back and was still out.  He entered the house and checking to make sure it was safe, came back to the Cherokee.  He lifted Andy and carried her to bed.  She stirred a little while he attended to her facial wound, but when he finished cleaning it, she fell fast asleep.  Mike then went to the bathroom and took a look at his bullet wound.  Lucky it only was a graze, but it would need some stitches eventually.
He spent the next two hours inspecting Jack’s computer.  Like most amateurs, Zimmer had only a cursory knowledge of computer security, so felt safe relying on a commercially available security system to protect his data.  Fool!  All Mike needed was the last four of Zimmer’s Social Security Number and his email.  In about ten minutes he was in.  And there it was, the entire operation.  ‘Holy shit!’ he thought looking at the data, ‘it’s the mother lode!’  Mike spent the next hour glossing through contacts, political bribes and amounts, emails, pickup points, diamond prices, everything.   The entire U.S. operation was laid out before him on Zimmer’s computer.  There was a lot of ‘intel’ on Zhao, as well.  Mike, finally visualized the entire operation.
He rummaged around Andy’s office looking for CD’s and found some blanks, went back to Zimmer’s computer and made triplicate copies of everything then uploaded the information onto his computer.  Next, he went online and opened an account on ‘NET-Save,’ a secure vault of which only he or Andy had access.
When satisfied the data would remain protected, he called Vince.
“Mike, I don’t really know what happened yet.  We had one huge monster by the tail and now the FBI and CIA suddenly don’t want to have anything to do with it.”
“I know exactly what it is, and you should, too.”
“Really?”
“Vince, I’ve got it all.  You won’t believe the number of politicos Zimmer had in his pay.  I’m going to blow the lid off it big time, and heads are going to roll.”
“Let me help.  I want out of here.”
“I’m so fucking pissed off.  Andy and I risked our lives for this mission, and now because of politics nobody wants to know anything.  I’m not going to let go of this one.
“What have you got?”
They don’t know, but I retrieved Zimmer’s laptop before he died.  It tells all.  I mean all.  I’ll send it to you and let you distribute the information to the FBI and CIA.  I want to see where it goes.  Give it to Stilling and let him take it apart.”
“And then what?”
“Then, if what’s inside that hard drive doesn’t blow Washington apart, I’ll use my resources to make sure the world knows the truth of it all.  That’s where I’ll need your help.  I know you.  After you see what I’m talking about you’ll want to make sure it’s brought to the public.”
“Mike, I’m ready to call it quits here.  Not the same.  Some good guys have become bad guys.  The politics are ridiculous.  Let me look it over and I’ll get back to you.”
“You’ll have it tomorrow morning by ten.”
Mike hung up with Vince and found Andy asleep in her bed.
“Andy, wake up.”
“What?  Oh, hi Mike.  Come here and give me a hug.”
“Not right now.  We’re still not done.”
“Whaddya mean?  Is there more trouble?”
“Nothing like that.  Get up, we’re going to the Naval Air Facility.”
They got in Tweety Bird and drove to the NAF, went to the dispensary and found the doctor they’d met a week ago.
“Doc,” said Mike, “take them out.  Now!”
“That’s highly irregular.  I don’t know if I can do that without orders.”
“You sonnaofabitch.  I told you, now!”
“I don’t know, Mike.”
Mike reached over to the surgical tray, took a scalpel and made a slice in his arm over where the GPS guide was imbedded.
“You can’t do that!”
“Yeah?  Just watch me.  It’s on your head if this isn’t done right.  Now come on, Doc, take it out the proper way or I’m going to rip it out.”
“Shit.  Okay.  Okay.  Lay back.”  The Doc took out the GPS devices from both Mike and Andy.
As they drove off Mike turned to her.  “Look, Andy, they were once our ally’s and support.  They protected our lives, but now they should be considered the enemy.  We have information on some very important people who won’t want it let out, and until this is over we trust no one.”
Andy came up with the idea.  “I’ll call Dad.  He’ll come get us. And I know one thing, Uncle Bill is on our side.  Politics or not, we’ll get through this.”
On the way back from the Naval Base Mike looked at Andy.  “You don’t look so good.  I don’t know why I didn’t have the doctor look after your gash and my leg wound.”
“I do,” said Andy.  “You couldn’t wait to get out of that government facility.  Me, either.”
“Do you know someone local who can look after us?” he inquired
“Yeah.  Doctor Samantha Hamm.  I’ll call Sam.  She’s a general surgeon at the hospital.  Let me check my phone, I may have her programmed in.”
“Programmed in?”
“Yeah.  We became friends after she bought some things from my shop in Orange.  She has very distinctive tastes in furniture but, well you’ve got to know Sam to appreciate her.  Here’s her number.  I’ll call her.”  After chatting really fast, actually faster than Mike had ever heard two people talk, Andy hung up.  “Okay.  She just finished reassembling a drunken Harley dude who missed a curve and danced with a telephone pole.  We can drive over to her house.  She’s bringing some stuff to fix us up.  We need to bring the wine.”
“The wine?  What is this?  An alcoholic surgeon from Brawley named Sam?”
“No, silly.  I just thought a bottle of her favorite wine would be nice.  She won’t accept any money.  Wait until you meet her, you’ll understand.”
Fifteen minutes later they pulled into Sam’s driveway behind a Jeep that looked just like Andy’s Tweety Bird except it was painted candy apple red.
When the door opened Mike was facing a short, thirty-ish, attractive, slim Asian woman.  “Hi!  I’m Sam.  You must be Mike.  Come on in.”
They entered her house and Sam turned and limped towards the living room.  “Damn, Andy, I got another one of those charley-horses.”
As she said this she leaned her body over the arm of her easy chair and tried stretching out the cramp in her leg.  “Ouch!”
Andy sprang into action.  “Here, let me help!” and she started rubbing her thigh.
“Higher, yes over there.  Ooooh.  That feels good.  Damn, those operating tables are a bitch, can’t take more than five hours standing.  That fat Harley dude, should’a died.  Mike, grab my leg at the ankle and pull gently while Andy does that.  Andy, keep rubbing.
“Yes.  Yes!”  Mike thought she was going to have an orgasm, when suddenly her leg loosened and he heard three or four cracks. 
“Whew!” she said, wiping the perspiration off her forehead.  “You guys are great!  I feel like new!  Oh, wow!” she said as she eyed the bottle of Chardonnay.  “I’ll get the glasses.  You guys are great.  What happened to you?”
“Sam,” said Andy, “Mike’s from Chicago.”
“Really?  So am I.  Grew up in Evanston, you?”
“Cicero.”
“Oh, a south-sider.  Must be a Sox fan.  I like the Cubs so we might not get along.”
“Nope, I’m a Cubby.”
“Good to know or you could have waited in the car.”
Andy shot back.  “Ha-ha, very funny.  Mike and I went over the Glamis ravine last week.  You know the one, our favorite jump spot.”
“When are we going to take Tweety and Ruby out again?”
“Ruby?” asked Mike.
“Ruby Red.  My Jeep,” she said, pouring her second glass of wine.
Mike looked at Sam pouring her wine.  “Don’t worry, I’m off.  I don’t have to go back to the hospital tonight,” she said as she toasted him in the air.
Mike asked.  “Can you look at Andy while your hands are still steady?”
“Huh?”
She turned and looked at Andy.  “Oh my God, Andy, I didn’t notice.  What happened to your face?”
“Well, Mike and I were chased into the hills around Julian, some thugs tried to assassinate us with Uzi’s, an old friend of mine pistol whipped me and then tried to kill us.  Mike, luckily was only wounded.  But don’t worry because they got blown up just before they pulled the triggers, they had Uzis, mind you.  You don’t think I need stitches do you?”
“Well, you’re talking like normal, so I don’t think you have a concussion.  Here, look in my eyes.”  She inspected Andy.  “Nope.  You’re ok.  Let me put a butterfly Band-Aid on your cheek.  Here, Mike, hold it closed while I put it on.”
Andy took a sip of her wine.  “Sam, you have to look at Mike’s leg wound.”
“Ok, handsome, drop your drawers.  Let me see how close they got to killing you.”  Sam looked closely at the laceration.  “Oooh.  Your assassin should go target shooting just a little more often.  Another half inch and he’d have blown your balls off.  Nice ones, too!  You need a couple of stitches.”  She got out her needle and string and all the while chatted with Andy as she worked on his inner thigh.
When finished, she stood up and noticed the stitches on his arm.  “Hey!  What’s that?”
Andy jumped in.  “I got one too.  You know how the vets chip their dogs?  Well, Mike and I got chipped, too, but we had the doctor at the Naval Station remove them.  We didn’t want to be tracked anymore.  I called Dad and he’s coming to pick us up tomorrow.  You want to come with us to Colorado?”
“Gotta work.”
“Well, thanks a lot for fixing us up.  Mike and I have to go.  It’s really getting late,” she said as she grabbed Mike by the arm and headed to the front door.  “Ciao!  I’ll call you.”
They went back to her house and plotted their next moves.  Mike checked out the maps and found a private airstrip just the other side of Holtville.  “Call your dad and ask if he can get the Lear in that strip.  If he can’t get on that one, we’ll settle for the Imperial County Airport.  Could you see if he can be here sometime tomorrow afternoon?”
Andy made the call, and all was confirmed for a pickup tomorrow at 3:45.
“Andy, there’s also someone else we need to include in the loop.  Janet Vasquez.”
“Mike, you’re right.  I’ve known her for a long time, and I know she wants to fuck you, but a story like this, well it’s bigger than a screw.”
“Andy!”
“Sorry, Mike.  I’m a little too bruised and tired to be politically correct right now.  You call her.  Have her come over tomorrow and we’ll tell her our story.  She’ll keep it quiet until the right time.  Honey-”
“What?”
“We might be dead right now.  This cannot go down without the world knowing about it, no matter what.”  With that Andy lay on the bed and in thirty seconds was sound asleep.
Chapter 21


Monday, January 30th

It was six when they awoke.  Mike went on the porch and retrieved the paper while Andy made coffee.  For privacy, they decided to sit on the back porch.  Mike leafed through the front section while Andy looked for the crossword puzzle.  That’s when he saw it.

Man Dies in Fiery Crash
(AP) Julian, CA.
Police reported a driver lost control of his car on County route 78 Sunday and plummeted five hundred feet off a sheer embankment.  The late model Mercedes exploded and burned when it hit the bottom of the ravine.  Firefighters were called to the scene to avert any potential brush fires as a result of the crash.  The remains of an Orange County man was found at the scene.  Police are withholding the name pending notification of next of kin.

“Andy,” said Mike, “better take a look at this.”


* * * *


Janet arrived around lunch time.
“Hi, Janet.  Come on in,” said Andy in a cheerful voice.  “Like some coffee?”
“That’d be great.  Andy, what’s this all about?”
“Go in the living room.  Mike’s waiting to get started.  I’ll bring the coffee.”
Over the next hour they gave Janet a thumbnail sketch of what had occurred since Homeless Rick disappeared.  Janet could hardly believe it.  They spent the rest of the day going over the details of the events, the smuggling operation, the attempts at killing Andy and Mike, and the corruption.  She entered reams of information into her laptop.
Janet asked one more time, “Mike, are you sure you can’t give me the detailed information you retrieved from Zimmer’s computer now?”
“Not yet.  It’s for our mutual protection.  The FBI and CIA need to pull it apart first.  Janet, you promised.  This may never be a story.  You agreed, for now, this is all off the record.”
“Yes, I do.”
“My friend, Vince, will be the one you’ll deal with.  Vince knows how to manipulate the media.  He can get you to the newspapers, the Associated Press, television, anywhere.  He’s an expert at controlled leaks.”
Andy returned with more coffee and a snack.  “Janet, I met Vince.  He’s cute and you’ll like him.  You can stop flirting with Mike, okay?  Mike, Dad will be here a little before four this afternoon and it’s a fifteen minute drive over to the Holtville airstrip.”
“It’s getting late so I’ll drive you over,” said Janet.  “but first I have a little story for you, if you don’t mind.”
“No, not at all.  Tell us, said Andy.
“Andy, I think you will like this one, because I know what an interest you take in caring for the homeless.”
“I’m all ears.”
“Well, since you’ve been out of town you don’t know.  I did a follow-up article on Rick.  The community was in an uproar when I described his death and highlighted the fact the homeless don’t just appear out of nowhere.  They have family and people who are concerned about them.  I talked to the preacher at Faith Assembly Church about having a memorial for Homeless Rick and with his parents in town I thought it would help give them closure.  My editor got real excited about it and they promoted the memorial service in the paper.  You should have seen it.  At the church there are two parking areas, one on the north side of the church and the other on the south side.  It was a sight to see, and I got a great photo of it.”
“Photo of what?”
“Well, here it is.”
Andy and Mike looked at the photo.  On the north side of the church the parking lot was lined with shopping carts full of the homeless people’s possessions.  On the south side of the church were the cars of those non-homeless coming to the memorial service.
Tears welled up in Andy’s eyes.
“Andy,” smiled Janet.  “you should have been there.  Rick’s mom got up and talked about her son, how they had missed him, how he was a hero in the war.  Then amazingly other people who knew Rick got up and spoke of how Rick’s life had touched them.  The manager of the Circle K told of Rick thwarting an attempted robbery, several women expressed how appreciative they were of Rick cleaning their windshields or pumping gas for them when it was over a hundred and ten degrees.  Even some street people got up, like Skeeter the Greeter, and told stories about their association with Rick.”
“How wonderful,” said Andy, smiling.
“There’s talk of the church starting a homeless mission now.  I don’t know where that might go, but they seem committed.”
“It’s getting late.  Can we talk more on the way over?”
Mike got up and called Buzz Smith.  “Buzz, I’ll leave the Cherokee on the street, keys under the front door mat.  Yeah, I know.  It’s getting bigger than both of us.  Don’t worry about me, and thanks for the help.  We’re just going to disappear for awhile.  I’m sorry about your agents.  Buzz, I promise you, I’ll make sure they didn’t die for nothing.  You’ll see soon enough.  I’ll call if I need you, okay?  By the way, I destroyed the Andersen ID’s and credit cards.  Kept the cash, though.  May need it.  We left the jacket you gave Andy in Julian.  You can pick it up at Ma’s, but watch out for Ma.”
Janet drove.  As they pulled out Mike directed her to the FedEx office where he dropped off the package containing Zimmer’s computer to be sent to Vince, then drove to the isolated airstrip outside Holtville.  A few minutes later the Lear came over the hills, dropped down into the desert, landed on the runway, taxied to Mike and Andy and they got in.
“Hi, Daddy,” she said as she hugged her dad from behind the pilot’s seat.  “Thanks for coming to our aid.  It’s been a busy week!”
“Honey, sit in the jump seat and let Mike sit in chair two.”  He brought the throttles forward and taxied to the end of the runway, got into position, and brought the engines to one hundred percent.  Sixty seconds later they were airborne heading to Colorado and the valley became just another dot on the map.  When they got to cruising altitude Alex set the auto-pilot and asked Mike to watch the controls.  “I gotta take a leak.  Take over.”
“Roger that.”  Alex moved out of the pilot’s seat and moved to the back cabin with Andy.  There, he gave her a big, long hug.  “Honey, I’ve been so worried about you.  And Mike.  Thanks for calling on me.  Uncle Bill and I have been talking and we think we know what’s going on.  Daughter, I’m so proud of you.  You know, I grew a pretty unique western woman.”  He placed a kiss on her forehead and then walked aft.
Andy went up front and sat in the pilot seat.  She turned to Mike.  “I love you.”
The flight was uneventful.  As they drove the short distance from the landing strip to the house, Mike noticed things were different.  The normally dark road had streetlights turned on.  When they turned into the driveway he noticed armed men outside the home and barn.
“Who are those people?” he asked.
“In the West a lot of things have changed but some haven’t,” said Alex.  “Those men are my hands, cowpokes, who’ve worked for me for years.  They volunteered to be vigilantes and provide protection just in case.”
Soon they were all seated around the kitchen table enjoying another fantastic steak dinner.  Mike no longer felt like a guest, he felt part of the family.  And it felt good.
As she was passing the potatoes Angie spoke up.  “You know, it’s only been six days since you left.  I can’t believe all that’s happened.  Mike, thank you for taking care of our Alexandria.”
“Mom, nobody calls me that!”
“Oh, Andy!”  Mom started crying.  “You didn’t see the video from Uncle Bill.  He was here this afternoon.  They were seconds from killing you!”
Alex got up and hugged Angie. He looked her in the eyes.  “Let’s have a nice dinner, finish up, and get some shut eye.  Mike, I’ve got Bill Cole and Frank Butterfield coming over in the morning.  By golly, we’re going to sort through all the horseshit and get to the bottom of it!”  He slammed his fist on the table.  “In our country we have the right to do whatever we want, but our politicians do not have the right to break the law and think they can get away with it.  There’s too much cover-up going on here, and I swear, we’re going to get to the bottom of it.  Tomorrow we will have both branches here, the CIA and FBI.  They’re people we can trust, and Mike, people I know you can trust.”  He stood up.  “Until tomorrow.”  With that he got up and left.
Mike and Andy retired to her bedroom and showered.  Mike could see the exhaustion in Andy’s eyes.  He looked in the mirror and was shocked at how tired and worn he looked, too.  They made their way to bed and within five minutes were sound asleep.
Chapter 22


Tuesday, January, 31st

Bill Cole and Frank Butterfield showed up at nine.
“This is only between those of us here in the room,” said Uncle Bill.  “There will be no recordings and whatever we discuss here will stay here, unless we agree to let it out.  Agreed?”  Everyone nodded.
“Mike, Andy, I need to bring you up to date,” said Bill.  “Since you left here last week I’ve been watching Operation NEIL very carefully.  Things seemed to go along smoothly until last Friday, when I saw them down-grade the operation.  I knew something was up, and thought you might be in danger.  From that time on, I had my old friends at the Air Force take over the tracking.  Our Drone technology has gotten so sophisticated and so precise it’s amazing.  That’s how we’re winning the war in the Middle East.  The drones are so small and quiet they cannot be detected with the naked eye.  There can be a crowd of people walking down the street and we can take out a single person and not injure anyone except the target.  Thank God I deployed that drone for your protection.”
Andy got up and hugged Uncle Bill.  He just smiled and patted her back.
It was Frank Butterfield’s turn.  “Mike, I really liked the work we did together.  When I heard from Bill what was going on, knowing who you are, I knew this was serious.  The fucking Chinese Consulate made its way into the White House and started putting pressure on my organization to back off, as well.  That’s when I knew this operation might go sideways on us.”
Mike looked eye to eye with each person at the table.  “You can take my information and blow it up from the inside out, or if that’s not possible, I’ll tell you right now I’ve put in place a vehicle for this to go public.  Now, you guys got to decide which way you want it to play.  But I tell you, the story will get told. 
“I’ll tell you some things you don’t know.  Let’s see, its eleven Washington time.  Right now the FBI has Jack Zimmer’s computer.  Jack was the kingpin of the U.S. operation.  It’s because of his visit to Washington last Friday that Operation NEIL was downgraded.  Ken Stilling has broken through the security codes.  The information the FBI and soon the CIA will get from that computer is extremely damaging.
“What your organizations don’t know, gentlemen, is that I have a copy of all the data.  In a few minutes I’ll show it to you.  I’ve made copies for you.  What I’ll be most interested in is how, after all these politicians get their noses into the confidential material they’re not suppose to see in the first place, it will spill out to the public.  I’m telling you, heads should roll.  Senators and Congressmen should resign or be indicted.  Two or three state governors should resign.  The corruption is unbelievable.”
After a few minutes of questioning, Mike continued.  “Ok, gentlemen, let’s look at the data.”  He pulled up an Excel spreadsheet, “The first column shows the weekly schedule date diamonds are to be brought in across the border.  The next column shows the dollar amount at wholesale.”  There were several other columns, but Mike didn’t know what they were for.  Next he pulled up email correspondence between Zimmer and Zhao and Zimmer and Dean.  It talked of dates and Zhao’s desire to step up operations.  Butterfield paid the most attention to this.
The final spreadsheet had a list of politicians, more than twenty five of them, in the first column.  The following columns had dates, then contribution amounts, then payoff amounts.  There was so much money invested it was hard to believe.  So many politicians were on the list, it made Mike sick.  Over the last five years they found more than twenty million dollars of illegal blood diamond money palmed off to these politicians and special interest lobbyists, some very close to the President.
“Gentlemen,” asked Alex, “what has happened to our country?”
They spent the rest of the day pouring over the data and discussing strategy.  Cole developed several scenarios for the CIA and Bill the same for the FBI. 
 One very important thing held fast in both of their minds- Mike had them boxed in.  Either the government was going to expose the corruption, or Mike was taking it public.
It was clear that both Cole and Butterfield were at an impasse.  They had to find out what would trickle down to them from above when they returned to Washington.  One of the things that amazed Mike, however, was their honesty.  Both of them expressed disgust and both vowed, regardless of the actions of their superiors, the blood diamond smuggling would stop.  In the end, although forced to play some games, they were both courageous Americans who despised corruption at any level of government.
“Tomorrow is February first,” said Mike. “Lincoln’s birthday is February twelfth, that’s a Sunday, which means February tenth will be the date I choose to bring this whole thing public if I don’t hear back from you by then.  You’ve got ten days to solve this problem.  Stay in touch.”
He stood up, took Andy by the hand and left the room.
Chapter 23


On Friday morning, February third Mike got a call.  “Watch FOX News.”  They turned it on and waited for the international report.  It turned out to be a short piece about how the Mexican Government uncovered an international smuggling ring, via China, of blood diamonds that had been allegedly brought in through Mexico City.  It implicated a Red Chinese General named Zhao.  Mexican authorities had him under arrest.
On Monday, February sixth, they received a similar phone call.  Breaking news was the banner along the bottom of the screen, For health reasons veteran Senator Jackson from California has announced his immediate resignation from office.  The five term Senator was on many committees, including Homeland Security.
Mike called his dad several times during the week.  Dad found out about Andy and as much as he could discuss over the phone, he gave Dad a sketch of what had happened since he left Chicago.  Dad could read between the lines.
When he called Dad on Monday evening Alex asked if he could speak with him. “Hello, this is Alex, is this Shawn Foley?  Nice to meetya.”  It went on for over a half hour and probably more than a dozen jokes back and forth.
When Alex hung up he said.  “Well, I invited your dad to come up this weekend.”
“Really? asked Mike.  “And what’d he say?” 
“He said have Mike prepay a first class ticket and he’d come.”
“That sonnovabitch!” said Mike.  After a laugh together Mike got on the phone and arranged for Dad to come in Thursday, coach class.
On Tuesday, February seventh Mike and Andy borrowed Dad’s Lear for a flight south, to Ruidoso, New Mexico.  Dad was going to fly them, but since Mike was checked out on a two engine jet, he decided to stay.  It wasn’t a long flight to Ruidoso.  When they arrived at the airport they were met warmly by Mary Ricci.
“Oh, Mike!” said Mary as she hugged him.
“Mrs. Ricci, I’m so sorry.  I had to come here and talk to you myself because there’s more to Ricci’s death than a drowning.  But first, do you remember me telling you about an angel who watched over Ricci before I got there?”
“Yes.”
“Well, here she is.  Meet Andy Holmes, soon to be Andy Foley.”
Andy hugged Mary.  “Oh Mary, how nice to meet you.  I tried my best to find Ricci’s past.”
“Thank you, and God bless you,” said Mrs. Ricci. “But did I miss something?  What’s this about ‘soon to be’ Mrs. Foley?”
“Mary, you’re the first to know.  Can we drive to your home and see Mr. Ricci?  How’s he doing?”
“He’s almost 100 percent back.  You’ll see.  But tell me about you and Andy.”
“Well, at twenty five thousand feet over the Rockies I asked her if she would be my bride.  I told her if she said no I’d throw her overboard, so I had a pretty good chance.”
“Don’t listen to him,” said Andy.  “It was nothing like that.  He asked me to marry him just before the assassins tried to kill us.”
“What?” asked Mary.  Then she thought better.  “Oh, never mind.  I can see you two are in love.”
When they arrived at the Ricci household everyone met and settled in with some coffee and rolls.
“We have a story to tell you,” began Mike.
He unfolded the entire story.  How, through Ricci’s innocence he was murdered, and how the murder led the same people to Mike and Andy, and their run for their lives.  How it was fortunate he was able to get the FBI into the loop, and how their deaths were averted.
“Mary,” said Mike, “this is the most important part.  Ricci’s death will cause a shock to take place in Washington, the likes you have never seen before.  You see, through innocent Ricci, the poor homeless person in Imperial, California, the aimless guy in the middle of the desert who did nothing to harm anyone, one of the biggest shakeups in our Government is about to happen.  This coming weekend is Lincoln’s Birthday.  Keep your eyes on the television.  You’ll see.  I can’t say anything more than that.”
Andy held Mary’s hand.  “There’s more to our visit than that, Mary.”
“What is it?” she said with tears forming in her eyes.
“Well, Mike and I have been working with some of his friends in the Air Force.  One very talented person has developed a website in conjunction with Google.  He is an expert in face recognition, and he is now loading thousands of images of homeless people on the site.  It’s called Picasa, and it’s our hope that people who have lost loved ones and think they may be homeless, could upload their photos and try at least to match them with a photo in the data base.”
“Oh, my God,” said Mary.  “You’re truly an angel!”
Mike spoke with a smile on his face.  “Mary, remember the ten thousand you gave me?  I have it here for you.”
“Mike, no.  I don’t want it.  Put it towards the website you’re developing.”
“I thought you’d say that.  Ok, I will.  By the way, an anonymous donor contributed over a hundred thousand dollars to the cause.  That has allowed us the opportunity to get people to take pictures of homeless people in cities all over the country.  We pay them a small royalty for the photos.”
He continued.  “Hey, Mary, wanna see the site?”
Mrs. Ricci, with tears flowing down her eyes nodded the affirmative.
Mike pulled out his laptop and turned it to Mary.
“How do I do it?” she asked.
“Simple.  Just type in www homelessrick dot com.”
That evening they left Ruidoso and flew to Imperial.  Andy checked up on the activity at her store and they spent the evening at the sports bar, Beer and Burgers before returning to Andy’s home in Imperial.  As they sat on the front porch Mike remembered back to the time before the storm, when he and Andy sat outside in relative peace.  So much had happened in such a short period of time.  Later, he watched TV and out of the corner of his eye observed Andy scurrying here and there, gathering clothing and packing the things she needed.
After a time, Andy disappeared and Mike got a little concerned.  He got up and looked around.  He found her in her office, on the phone in deep conversation with her partner, Cathy.  Andy saw Mike come in and waved to him.  “Cathy, hold on.”  She put her hand over the mouthpiece.  “Mike, can we fly over there tomorrow?  I really need to talk with her one on one.”  Mike nodded the affirmative and left the room.  “Cathy?  Hi, I’m back.  Yes, we can meet tomorrow.  Let’s plan for noon.  I’ll get back to you.”
Mike filed a flight plan and the next morning they flew into John Wayne Airport in Orange County.  They rented a car and Mike dropped Andy off at the shop.  She needed time alone with Cathy and he agreed to pick them up for lunch at one P.M.  He had time to spare so drove back to the Wilshire Diamond District.  He parked the car and got out.  He wanted to see if there was any change over the past week.  Dean Stein Jewelry was closed, but to his surprise as he walked around the district he saw over a half a dozen other diamond wholesale shops closed, as well.  Satisfied, he drove back to Andy’s shop in Orange County.  After lunch and a lot of hugs they said their farewells, drove to the airport and flew back to the Holmes Ranch in Colorado.
As they ate a late meal in the kitchen Mike had a hard time finishing his sandwich.  “Andy, I’m a little edgy tonight.  Not too hungry.”
“What’s wrong, Mike?” she asked full of concern.
“Nothing,” he said.  He went to the bar and belted down a couple shots of Maker’s Mark.  Andy left him alone, went into the TV room and sat with her mom.
 Mike saw Alex come into the family room.  He looked at him and asked.  “Alex would you care to have a drink with me in the sunroom?”
The men took their drinks to the sunroom and after lighting up Mike addressed Alex.  “Alex, I have been on some very dangerous missions, but the one I am on now is the most dangerous one yet.”
“No it’s not.”
“Sir, you don’t understand.”
“I think I do,” replied Alex, “but go ahead.”
“Ok.  Damn it, Alex, I love your daughter and with your permission would like to marry her.”
 “You have my permission, son.  And, you see, it wasn’t that hard.”
“Whew.  Killing bad guys is a lot easier!”
“Come here, son.”  He approached Mike and hugged him.  “Welcome to the family.  I’ve waited a long time for this moment.”
To both the men’s surprise there came a round of applause from the two ladies standing in the entry way.  Andy was jumping up and down.  She ran up to Mike and kissed him while wrapping her arms around his shoulders and crossing her legs around his hips.
Mike’s Dad arrived in Denver Thursday afternoon.  Mike and Alex met him in the baggage claim area.  From there they made their way to the private aircraft area and to the Cessna.  It wasn’t a long flight to the ranch, so the Cessna was the best choice.  Alex tossed Mike the keys.  “You fly.  I want to get to know your dad.”  They both sat in the back, told jokes, embarrassing kid stories, and enjoyed getting to know each other.  Mike, the analyst, knew what was going on.  His family was being evaluated.  Alex had to confirm Mike’s pedigree and visa-versa.  He thought that really funny, and just enjoyed flying the plane back to the ranch while the two dads compared genes.
“So this is the one who finally snagged that fool of a son of mine!” said Shawn as he met Andy in the driveway.  “You’re a good looker!”


****


“Hello, Janet Vasquez, here,” said Janet answering her cell phone.
“Hello.  My name is Vince.  I’m a friend of Mike’s.”
“Well, hello.  I’ve been expecting your call.  Mike’s okay, I hope.”
“He’s fine, Janet.  Mike wants you to help him tie up some unfinished business.  Can you meet with me in Washington, D.C.?”
“Uh, sure.  When?”
“I’ve got you booked on a flight departing San Diego at eleven AM tomorrow.  Is that too soon?”
“Not after what Mike told me.  I’ll clear my schedule.”
“Okay.  I’ll email your itinerary to you as well as a photo so you’ll recognize me when you get off the plane.  I’ll meet you in baggage claim.  You’ll get in around 8:25 P.M.  I’ll book you a hotel room.  What do you say we have dinner?”
“Okay.  Thank you.”  The phone went dead.
Janet checked her email and, sure enough, there was a prepaid first class ticket along with Vince’s photo.  Andy was right, ‘Not bad looking.’  She made arrangements to take a couple of days off, but cautioned her editor that she was working on an important story.


****


When Dad got settled in Mike took him for a walk around the ranch.
“Son, I’m really happy for you.  Andy is a beaut,’ and not from California.”
“Dad, get off the California shit, ok?”
“Ok, son.  When you gettin’ married or have you got her knocked up already?”
“Dad.  Cut it out.  No date yet, probably next year sometime.”
Dad snickered, “Now that we’ve got that settled, tell me why I’m here.  I know you.  It’s more than to meet your bride-to-be and her parents.”
“Yeah, you’re right.  I told you I went looking for this poor homeless guy, the one who saved my life during my stint in the Gulf War.”
“I know.”
“Well, I uncovered the largest smuggling operation I have ever seen, and it almost got me and Andy killed.”  Mike took the next half hour filling him in on the details.  When finished, Dad had a lot of questions that Mike answered.
Finally, Mike told him.  “Dad, I’ve given the FBI and CIA until tomorrow to break it loose internally.  I’m afraid, with the way things are in political circles, they’ll be prevented from moving on it, so I’m doing it myself.”
“Whaddya mean, doing it yourself?”
“The Washington Post will break with this on their front page tomorrow morning.”
“Holy shit, son!”
“Yeah.  I wanted you here to enjoy the fireworks.”
“I need a drink.”
“Come on, let’s head back to the house.  I’ll get you one.”
They walked back in silence.  Just before entering, Shawn turned to Mike.  “You’re a good man, and you’re a good son.  And I’m damn proud of you, Mike.”
“I love you too, Pop.”


****


Janet got off the plane and met Vince.  He took her to her hotel, The Marriott Key Bridge, and they had dinner and drinks together.  He outlined her day tomorrow.  Before saying goodnight Vince pulled out a CD and gave it to her.  This is what you wanted from Mike.  It’s all there.  I’ll give you until ten tomorrow morning.  We’ll get together and discuss strategy, then at noon we have a luncheon with your new employer, the Editor of the Washington Post.
“The Editor of the Washington Post?” she said, choking on her vodka gimlet.
“None other.  Wait until he reads your story, Janet.  He’s going to shit!”  A smile came over Vince’s lips.  “Let me tell you some other things.  When this breaks, it’s going to break fast and hard.  Your head will be spinning, but don’t worry, I’ll keep it all under control.  Go to sleep and don’t worry about it tonight, but be dressed in professional business attire, and bring your make-up for FOX News and CNN.  Well, I gotta go.  See you at ten tomorrow.”  
“Don’t worry?” blurted Janet, cupping her mouth with her hand.  “What do you mean  Don’t worry?  Oh my God, Vince.  CNN? FOX News? Shit, shit, shit. You gotta go, I’ve got to get that article done!”
Vince got up to leave.  “Don’t worry.  You’ll do fine.”
  She saw him out and hurried back to her room to begin work on the article.
The next morning things went exactly as Vince told her.  They went over her article and made some changes, but by and large Vince liked it.  Next, they met with the editor, who was absolutely blown away with the facts.  The look in his eyes was something she had never seen before.  He was going, with Janet’s aid, to scoop the nation on the biggest story of corruption and payoff in years.  After hearing him rant and rave about her article she was numb.  So, when he offered her the job as investigative reporter, a job paying five times what she made in Imperial, complete with a car and expense account, her face looked blank.
The editor looked Janet closely in the eyes and said, “Okay.  Make it one hundred and eighty thousand.  My final offer.”  Janet accepted.
After lunch, they went to the Post and got her officially hired, then Janet gave an electronic copy of her story to the editor.
He told her.  “This is going to break tomorrow.  I’m paranoid.  I have to be in this business.  I’m holding this article until the final deadline, then just before print I’ll slam it on the front page.  Get ready, Janet, you’re just now poised at the top of the roller coaster.  Wait until tomorrow.  Enjoy the ride.”
When they left the offices it was about four and Janet was a wreck.
“You look nervous,” said Vince.  Doing anything tonight?  I’d be happy to take you to dinner, ah, unofficially.”
“I’d love to,” said Janet.  “Andy was right about you.”
“What do you mean?” asked Vince.
“She said you’re cute!”
“I’ll pick you up at eight.  I’ll have you back by ten.  It’s going to be a big day tomorrow.”
Chapter 24


Friday, February 10th 

Mike woke up around two A.M.  He couldn’t sleep.  In the dark he made his way to the kitchen, made a cup of coffee, took it to the sunroom and had a smoke, all the time checking his PC.  At any time the article should come out.  Vince would do his job.  It was 2:45 AM when it hit.  Mike stared at the headline and smiled-

Blood Diamond $ Used
to Finance Pols
heads to roll on hill
senators resign
Associated Press (AP) Janet Vasquez,
investigative reporter, Washington Post

Hard evidence was turned over to the FBI today implicating six US Senators, five Congressmen and two State Governors in a pocket-stuffing scheme involving highly controversial blood diamonds.  Also known as ‘conflict diamonds’ the evidence uncovers a bizarre underworld scheme to smuggle diamonds into the US and convert them to cash.  ‘Payola’ was used to bribe Senators and Congressmen to keep the operation secret.
The kingpin of the diamond smuggling team was a West Coast import-export owner and ex-De Beers employee, Jack Zimmer.  Associated Press reports Zimmer died last week in a fiery car crash in Southern California.
According to files acquired from Zimmer, payments ranging from re-election campaign donations to out and out bribes to officials over the past eight years kept the operation secret. Sources close to the documents report that hundreds of millions of dollars may have been distributed to corrupt politicians over that time, and one of the greediest was California Senator Jackson (D-Ca), who resigned last week, allegedly for health reasons. 
FBI Assistant Director, William Cole, told sources that the FBI considers the information accurate and vows to hold anyone associated with the scheme accountable.  “We have asked the IRS to pull 1040’s for these congressmen and senators for the past eight years.  Further, their campaign fund lists have been subpoenaed.”
When questioned how the blood diamonds got in the U.S., Agent Frank Butterfield of the CIA told our sources that it “… is an ongoing investigation, but appears the smuggling operation was centered in Mexicali, Mexico, just south of the small border town of Calexico, California.”  Butterfield said they are working closely with Mexican Authorities.
Indictments have been handed out to all congressman named and a special committee has been set up to investigate.  White House sources claim the information was highly skeptical in that all indicted congressmen were democrats.

After reading the article he texted Vince, Nice work.  Then he woke Andy and she had coffee and read the article.  Next, they turned on FOX News, then CNN.  It was everywhere.  The whole family was up and watching, channel surfing like mad.  Mike knew how the news sources were hungry, and by the time they had breakfast, he knew the story would be in ninety percent of the households in the US, and Janet a new household name.
Chapter 25


Friday, February 24th

It had been two weeks since the article hit and still things were happening.  Three more senators and two congressmen resigned.  The Governor of California was sidestepping issues right and left as was his counterpart in Nevada.  One thing was certain, neither of them would run for re-election.  Quietly the IRS was squeezing the corrupt diamond wholesalers out of business and the black market of blood diamonds appeared to be dried up.  Wholesale prices of diamonds rose back to more predictable levels.
Mike and Andy spent the next week in Imperial.  Her partner Cathy came down and they were arranging the store and interviewing for a store manager.  Cathy needed a break from all the problems surrounding Jack’s death.  She had a lot to deal with, and she and Andy spent much of their free time talking about it.
Mike was enjoying getting to know the locals while Andy and Cathy worked.  His meeting the County Sheriff, Perez, helped him meet a lot of the people on the force, and his connection with Pedro and Lilly helped him get in with the correctional officers.  He spent time with Hollywood learning more about the valley.  He even took Mike on a tour of the geothermal plants.  Andy’s neighbor, Hank, was a farmer, and one evening invited them to the Cattleman’s Club where they met many of the farming families in the valley. It was a small group, but Mike could tell they controlled much of the valley. 
While Imperial was a small, dusty desert town, it was an area filled with the most likable, caring people he had ever met.  And everyone liked Mike.
One afternoon Mike received an unexpected phone call.  “Mr. Foley?”
“Yes, this is he.  Mike Foley.”
“Mr. Foley, this is Martin Vanderveer.  I am the North American President of De Beers.  Would you have a moment for me?”
“Sure.  Go ahead.”
“I’m sorry, I didn’t mean on the phone.  I meant could we meet?”
“Uh, sure.”
“Where’s the nearest airport to Imperial?  Is it Yuma?”
“Yes, Yuma handles jet traffic if that’s what you mean.”
“Could we meet tomorrow sometime?”
“What is this all about?  You know the case is in the hands of the FBI and CIA.  I’m completely out of the loop.”
“Yes, yes,” he said.  “That I understand.  Do you realize that in the last two weeks alone the price of diamonds has risen over ten percent?  Do you know what that means to us?”
“Mr. Vanderveer, I’m afraid I don’t.”
“Well, Mr. Foley, that’s the reason I want to meet with you.”
“Okay, you’ve got my curiosity up.”  Mike laughed to himself, CurioCity.  They arranged to meet at noon at the Quechan Casino, the most convenient location, and Mike knew that would get Andy going, her slots, that is.  He was sure they could drag Cathy along.
The ladies were having fun at the slot machines.  Martin spotted Mike and walked up and introduced himself.
Mike said.  “Martin, this is my fiancée, Andy, and her business partner, Cathy.”
“Hi,” Cathy said.  “Cathy Vandercamp.  Nice to meet you.”
“Cathy?  Oh my God!  I recognize you!  Cathy, your husband Jack Zimmer used to work for me.  This is so coincidental and so unusual.  Forgive me.”
“I’m sorry, Mr. Vanderveer, I guess he deceived both of us.  Don’t worry about it.”
Mr. Vanderveer was a middle-aged Dutchman who really didn’t look like a diamond merchant.  He was dressed casually and very unassuming for the president of such a large operation like De Beers.  Mike guessed he was in his mid-forties.   Just to be sure, he had had him checked out beforehand and knew he was the genuine thing.  
The four of them had lunch together and discussed general things.  After lunch was over Andy asked if they could get back to their slots, and that was the perfect opportunity for Martin.
He said.  “That would be perfect!  There are some things I would like to discuss with Mike.  Would you mind excusing us?”
With that Andy and Cathy got up and trotted off to their favorite penny slot machines.  Martin invited Mike to his suite.
“Mike,” said Martin.  “The De Beers family wants to personally thank you.  What you did to expose this operation is remarkable.  We have been trying for years to discover how blood diamonds were making their way into the US.  It’s an embarrassment that Mr. Zimmer betrayed us, but also the reason the operation remained so hidden.  As you know, once blood diamonds are polished, there is no way of telling the difference.  De Beers has a responsibility to hold diamond prices at a level appropriate for the market.  Over the years we have actually been purchasing conflict diamonds at above market prices so we can protect our interests and keep prices stable.”
Mike looked at Martin.  “What are you getting at?”
He looked back at Mike, directly in his eyes.  “Mike, I’ve spoken to your people.  They want nothing to do with you or any diamonds you may have.  But, I do.”
“What do you mean?”
“What I mean is we want to eradicate North America of these blood diamonds.  We want to make sure the market stays controlled by De Beers, and nothing like what Zimmer did gets repeated.”
“I’m not Zimmer.  And I’m not a thief.”
“I know that, Mike.  I also know you have more diamonds than you know what to do with.”
The pregnant pause lasted a long time. Mike sat there not saying a word.
Finally, Martin spoke.  “If there are any diamonds you would like to dispose of I promise you, De Beers will be happy to give you more than full value for them.  That’s all.”
Mike smiled.  He stood up and went to the phone.  “Jake Yellowtail, please.”  The chief came up to the room and Mike excused himself.  “Mr. Vanderveer, do you have security guards with you?”
“Yes.  How’d you know.”
“It’s my job to know things.  Perhaps your security guards should stand outside your suite.  I’ll be right back.”
On the way down Jake told Mike about how much the local FBI office appreciated what he did.  That the death of his buddies had some meaning.
“Buzz says hi.” he said.  Jake stopped in front of the elevator and before pushing the down button turned to Mike.  “Look, Mike, there are some strange things going on around here.  I could use your help.  Not now, but maybe down the road.  There are some tribal leaders who are getting a lot of heat from BLM.  This damn government, yours, not mine, thinks it needs to put solar panels across our land when there’s all the fucking geo-thermal energy available to light every city in Southern California.  They’ve already fucked up the landscape enough with their damn windmills killing all our birds.”
“I don’t know if I can help.”
“Maybe not, but it would be good to have the thoughts of a white man.  Maybe we could figure it out.”
“Yeah, Chief.  Let’s keep this one between us.  Okay, you can call me anytime.”
They retrieved the diamonds from the safe and made their way back to Vanderveer’s suite.  Over the next two hours he inspected and classified the diamonds.  Mike sat and watched the Cubs spring training game against the Padres, while Martin weighed and logged the diamonds.
After about two hours he looked up and said.  “De Beers has been making these diamonds disappear.  I can tell you they are of exceptional value and have been expertly cut.  Mike, I’m prepared to give you forty-five million dollars for these gems, and it will be in cash, deposited offshore in a Cayman account in your name.  Shake, and it’s a deal.”
Mike had played poker more than once.  “Mr. Vanderveer, I appreciate your offer, but such an offer as this requires fiancée to-be to be part of it.”
“Of course.  But may I caution you on something?”
“Go right ahead.”
“Sometimes women, being women, do not have an appreciation for negotiations, and perhaps it would be better if we settled this together, as men.”  As he said this, he held out his hand, as if to conclude the deal.
Mike stepped back, reached into his pocket and pulled out his cell phone.  “Andy?  Hi.  Yes, I understand you just won a hundred dollars.  Do me a favor, okay?  Come up to room 400 as soon as possible.”
Soon Andy showed up.  When she entered she saw the hundreds of diamonds Mike had brought back from the deposit box.
“Mike, what’s going on?”
“Well, the De Beers family wants to pay us for these diamonds.  They’ve checked with Uncle Sam, so to speak, and our government doesn’t want anything to do with them.  Martin, here, is offering us forty-five million dollars for them, so I thought I’d ask you, what do you think?”
Martin added in, “Really, Ms. Holmes, that is over market value.”
Just like their discussions with the diamond merchants Andy responded.  “Look, here’s the deal, these diamonds are worth in excess of seventy-five million.  Take it or leave it.”  She turned to Mike.  “Can I go back to my slots now?”
Martin jumped in, “No.  Wait.  Okay.  Seventy-five million.  Do you both agree?”
“It’s a deal,” said Andy, shaking his hand.
“Thank you so much,” added Martin. “This is such a relief.  I had authorization to 100 million.”
“Well, in that case,” added Andy, “I want DeBeers to design my wedding ring.  It has to be a pink diamond, no more than 3 carats, and an investment quality stone.  Deal?”
Martin stuck his hand out.  “Deal.”
“Oh, and one more thing.”
“What is it Ms. Holmes,” he answered.
“Can you fly Cathy back to Orange County?  Mike and I really have to get back.”
“It would be my honor.  Consider it done.”
As Mike and Andy walked back to the casino seventy-five million dollars richer, Mike said to Andy, “Up to your usual tricks again, huh?”
“What do you mean, dear?” she said innocently.
“Don’t go blonde on me.   You’re playing cupid.”
“Who?  Me?”
Chapter 26


Friday, March 10th

Mike and Andy spent most of their time at the ranch.  Alex and Mike spent a lot of time together in ranch operations.  Mike was quickly learning the business.  
Andy, on the other hand was busy planning a party.  She had found a private island that could be rented in the Virgin Islands, off Tortola, so she reserved it for the first week in April.  It had a ten thousand square foot colonial style main house and other bungalow style guest homes.  It was perfect.
When she first came up with the idea, she told Mike.  “Look, we were within five seconds of death on the ledge.  The thought of that makes me want to live all the more.  Let’s throw a big party for all our friends, yours and mine.  It will be a great time for people to get to know each other.”
Mike agreed, and they sat together and drew up a list of people they wanted to attend.  Mike’s dad, his brother and sister, Vince, Janet, Cathy, Sam, Buzz Smith, Uncle Bill, Jake, Mr. and Mrs. Ricci, etc.  When they were done they had over 50 people invited.


****


Janet Vasquez was having the time of her life.  Her breaking story made her instantly famous and since then she actually uncovered two other instances of corruption in Washington.  It wasn’t her work, however, that made her happiest.  It was Vince.  For the first time in her life, Janet was in love.  She had moved in with Vince.
One evening she came home, was making dinner and readying herself for when Vince came home.
“Honey, I’m home,” said Vince as he walked in the door and gave her a kiss.  “Make us a drink.  I’ll get the mail.”  When he returned with the mail he noticed a package from Mike and Andy.  “Holy shit!” he said as he opened the package.  “Janet!  Look at this.”
Janet opened the envelope in the package and read the invitation.

It’s a Party!
Mike and Andy
cordially invite you to join them
in a celebration for no other reason
than to have fun!
Your party packet is enclosed.
See you there!

When  First weekend in April
Where  Tortola – British Virgin Islands
What  A party for no reason

Enclosed are your reservations.  Don’t forget your bathing suit
Come and be ready to have fun!

Mike and Andy


Inside the package they found two first class tickets to Saint Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, along with a water-taxi transfer to Tortola and room reservations, a private cabana on the beach.
The calypso steel band was playing in the main house.  When people arrived they were presented with a specialized gift packet containing spa treatments for the women and snorkels and fins for the men.  Each room was completely stocked with provisions.  Thursday was arrival day and very informal.  Friday was to be a dinner on the south grounds, Saturday was boat excursions around the island, and Sunday a leisure day.  Each evening had entertainment.
Friday evening, April 1st, came and everyone was together at a cocktail party in the main house.  At around seven an announcement was made that dinner was to be served in the south garden.  People grabbed their drinks, had them refreshed and made their way to the garden area.  Everyone was in a joyous mood, the band was playing and drinks were flowing.  Tables on the lawn had name places set out so everyone knew where to sit.
After about thirty minutes the band stopped playing.  It was the queue for people to take their places for dinner, which they did.  Everything was complete except for one thing.  Angie noticed it first.  Mike and Andy were missing.  Another five minutes went by and still no Mike and Andy.
Then, from the back of the garden a single flute started playing.  It caught everyone’s attention, so they turned towards the sound.  There, standing in the Gazebo were Mike and Andy, facing the guests and holding hands.  Presently, the flute stopped playing and all was quiet in the garden.
 A little old man in a black suit walked up to Mike and Andy.  He faced the crowd holding one hand in the air, and when all was silent again, lowered it to his side.  He spoke loud enough for everyone to hear.  “Dearly beloved, we are here to witness the Marriage of Michael Foley to Alexandria Holmes.”

###
About the authors.  Edward and Anne Charles are a husband-wife team who love writing novels together.  They live in a small desert community close to Tombstone, Arizona in Cochise County.  Edward and Anne were high school sweethearts who lost track of each other for over forty years and through Facebook re-connected.  Today they are newlyweds loving life together.
The writers wish to thank their technical advisor, Major William Conaway, USMC, Ret., as well as all the crazy people living in The Imperial Valley.
As writers, they wanted to emphasize some things in the novel.  First, is the plight of homeless people.  Many of the homeless in the Imperial Valley are veterans living in the streets. They are really war casualties, shrugged off by our government.  Secondly, many of these vets suffer from PTSD in one form or another.  The scars of war never really leave the veteran, they just get tucked back in their minds.

The Mike and Andy suspense mysteries continue with Well Bred Connections and conclude with Hidden Connections.  Visit them on their website: www.EdwardAnne.com or facebook, Edward-Anne Charles.  Feel free to email them at edwardannecharles@gmail.com


An excerpt from Well Bred Connections follows
Well Bred Connections


Chapter 1

April 4, Monday

Mike Foley and Alexandria Holmes had a perfect wedding.  They had invited about fifty family members and close friends to a Party! never letting on to the real reason for their get together. They were married on April first in the most perfect setting- the south lawn of a large estate on a private island in the Virgin Islands off Tortola overlooking the turquoise waters of the Caribbean.  After the wedding guests departed Mike and Andy took their honeymoon aboard a very well appointed seventy-six foot Matrix-built Catamaran, the Dream Catcher.  The ship, fully provisioned, had a husband and wife captain team, steward and cook on board. They were heading off to explore the Caribbean and would end their cruise in Miami.
On Monday, April fourth, they boarded the cat.  Skipper James held out his weathered hand.  “Mister and Missus Foley, welcome aboard!  I’m Skipper James.  This is my wife Carley and those two over there,” he said pointing to the staff, “are Henri, your chef and Blanche, your steward.”  Henri and Blanche came forward and greeted their guests with enthusiasm.  Henri was a small man and looked French while Blanche was six foot four, very black, toting an infectious smile.
“How’d you get the name Blanche?” asked Mike shaking his hand.
“My mama tole me dee own-leee ting white about me ware my teeth, Mon,” laughed Blanche, shaking Mike’s hand even harder and smiling from ear to ear.
Skipper James turned to Mike and Andy.  “If you’ll follow me I’ll escort you to your suite.  I’m sure you’d like to relax.  Tonight we’ll anchor in West End Harbor before heading off to Saint Thomas tomorrow.  Blanche would like to catch your dinner this evening off his favorite reef and if you’d like to snorkel along with him you can point out your meal and Blanche will be happy to spear it for you.”
Andy’s eyes lit up.  “Oh, Skipper!  That would be so much fun.  What time do we need to be ready?”
“Well, Henri will have wine and cheese ready for you aft, probably around three.  We should arrive at the reef four-ish.”  He escorted them forward through a large dining area and across the living room and library.  The catamaran, unlike hulled sailboats, was very spacious and open.  He led them to the main cabin, their room, which contained a king sized bed, reading area and bathroom that contained a hot tub.
“This is exactly like the pictures in the brochure!  Mike, I’m so happy you chose this catamaran.”
“Well, I knew you lived on a sailboat for a time and didn’t want you to associate that with our honeymoon.
“Thank you, Mike.” she said tugging his arm and rising to his cheek to place a kiss on it.
“Well,” said Skipper James in his refined British accent.  “I’ll leave you two to freshen up.  Feel free to explore the ship at your leisure.  This will be your home away from home for the next week.  Your bar over there is fully stocked,” he pointed towards it.  “If it’s all right with you, I’ll tell Henri around three?”
Mike smiled at the skipper.  “That would be fine.  Thank you.”
Andy lay on the bed looking out at the sea through the cabin window.  “God, Mike, this is so romantic!”
“I need to use the restroom.  Be right back.”  He returned five minutes later and found Andy fast asleep.  He set his watch-timer for an hour and lay next to his newly-wed and beautiful bride.
Andy had a modest, yet revealing bikini that fit the Caribbean beautifully as it was a bright lime green with a floral pattern.  Mike had on his trunks and a Hawaiian shirt.  They found their way to the back of the ship and sat at the table looking aft towards the beautiful blue-green waters of the Caribbean.  On the table were two wine glasses and a bottle of wine cooling in ice.  Next to the wine was a beautifully prepared plate of assorted cheeses and crackers.  The ship was under sail so there were no sounds except the wind and a CD softly playing calypso music in the background.  They enjoyed the moment together, two lovers set adrift upon the seas, holding hands and loving being in each other’s presence.
A while later Blanche showed up with his diving gear.  “You want to help Blanche hunt for dinner?  Get in the dinghy, Mon and Lady.  I got your mask and snorkels.”  They climbed on board the dinghy and Blanche cast off.  He pulled the rope on the outboard and they were gone in a flash.
“I have fished this reef since I was a boy.  Careful not to take too much,” he shouted over the noise of the motor.  Ten minutes later he turned off the outboard and dropped anchor.  “We here.  Don’t worry about any bad fish.  Blanche will not let them eat you.”  He put on his mask, inserted the mouthpiece and flipped backwards into the water.
Mike and Andy jumped into the warm blue waters of the Caribbean.  It was amazing.  There were thousands of fish of all sizes around them swimming in and out of the reef that was perhaps twenty to thirty feet below.  They looked down and saw Blanche waving at them.  After a few minutes he beckoned them to come over to where he was.  He pointed down at a large Caribbean lobster hiding in the coral.  Mike nodded the affirmative and in a second Blanche had the lobster in his hand and into his sack.  A few minutes later he grabbed another lobster, equally as large and stuffed it into the sack hanging on his side.  While Mike and Andy were enjoying watching the fish swim around the reef Blanche went to work spearing more fish for dinner, including one large grouper.  No doubt, dinner would be fresh.
They came back aboard the catamaran and went to their suite to change for dinner.  Looking out of their stateroom window they watched in amazement as the sun slowly approached the horizon.
“Andy, your back is really tanned.  You’d better watch out not to get burned.”
She ignored him.  “Mike, look out there,” pointing to the western sunset.  “I’ve always been amazed how the sun seems to hang on to the last of day until it reaches the horizon, then once touching the sea how quickly it sinks out of sight.”
After dressing they walked to the dining area and found two places set.
“Do you like sushi?” asked Henri.  “I promise it is fresh.”  Mike could detect a slight French accent.
“Mike, I have never been a big fan of sushi,” said Andy swallowing a piece of raw fish, “but this is fantastic!  Do you like it?”
“Superb!”
Their meal began with a fresh watercress salad, followed by conch soup.  The main course was the lobster Blanche caught earlier.  Dessert was the finest crème brulee they had ever experienced followed by coffee laced with a touch of Jamaican coffee liqueur.  ‘This will be a honeymoon to remember,’ thought Mike as he gazed into Andy’s eyes.  He could scarcely believe three months ago he spent all his nights alone in an apartment in Arlington Heights, Illinois.  What brought them together was short of a miracle, he mused.
Mike had a surprise waiting for Andy in their suite.  It was the first night of their honeymoon and it had to be special.  At the door he swept her in his arms and told her to close her eyes.  Of course, she giggled.  As he entered their stateroom the aroma of lavender and roses drifted out.  He gently let her down and asked her to open her eyes.  The room was dimly lit but she could see rose petals scattered on a pathway leading to the bed as well as on the bed.  A short lace negligee was carefully draped across the chair.  The setting was perfect and Andy had to wipe the tears away as she turned to give Mike a kiss.
Slowly he slipped her dress off while he eased her onto the bed.  The night was young and he wanted it to last.  Mike was a true romantic but never let it show- until now, as he gently kissed and caressed her.  He took his time to allow her to feel his love for her in a different way than ever before.  When the moment was over they both rose and held each other gently for a long time.
Andy looked at the table across the room and saw the champagne being chilled.  Mike had taken the time to purchase two flutes, each engraved with their initials and their wedding date.  “Oh, Mike, how thoughtful.”  She placed a kiss on his lips.  “But do you remember champagne goes right to my head?”
“Of course I do.  That’s why I ordered it.”  With that he popped the cork and poured the champagne.  First, they sat at the table holding hands while sipping their drinks and laughed about their difficult first meeting and subsequent events that almost cost them their lives.  By the second glass Andy began to giggle so Mike suggested they try out their whirlpool bath.  Once in the tub both enjoyed the relaxing sensation of the jets and bubbles. After, they dried each other off and gently massaged one another with lotion.  It was time and they both knew it.  Mike folded down the covers, turned off the lights then laid beside Andy anticipating their second union to take place on this special evening.
Morning came and they decided to greet sunrise on the deck together as they held hands and drank coffee.  Later, around eight, Andy invited the captain and his wife to join them for breakfast.  They were under sail and headed to Charlotte Amalie, the main port town in Saint Thomas.
“I use the Local Boater Option so all I have to do is telephone customs once we arrive.  This is a new Custom’s system that allows regular tourist boats like ours to by-pass a personal inspection,” said the skipper.  “We should get there around noon.  Do you want to stay on board and have lunch, or would you prefer to dine locally?”
“I’d like to do a little shopping,” said Andy.  “Not much, but I’m looking for a special ring.”
“What kind?” asked the skipper’s wife, Carley.
“I’m looking for tanzanite.”
“Well then, you’re in luck.  There’s a shop just off the marketplace on Main Street that sells tanzanite.  I think the blue-to-purple is the best color, don’t you?”
“Oh, yes.  That’s just what I’ve been looking for.”
“Okay, then,” said Mike to the skipper, “we’ll shop around and have lunch in town.”
“One word of caution,” said the captain, “Watch out for young pickpockets.  They’re generally harmless, but they’re pretty quick.”
“Thanks for the warning,” said Mike.  “I’ll keep my eyes open.”
Just like he said, the captain cleared customs without having to report personally to the Custom’s House or immigration.  When they disembarked the captain had a golf cart ready and they shuttled their way from the pier to Charlotte Amalie.  Main Street was lined with all types of tourist shops.  There were three large cruise ships in port so the streets and shops were crowded.  It was a little after the noon hour so Mike and Andy decided to stop for a sandwich and something to drink.  After eating they walked down Main Street and there it was, a Tanzanite Gem Store.  Andy couldn’t wait, but Mike was not so excited.
“Honey,” he told her, “you enjoy the store.  I’ll be waiting there, across the street drinking a beer, okay?” he said as he pointed to an open air bar.
“Yes, my love,” she said placing a peck on his cheek.  “I love you.”
“Have fun,” he said as he walked into the outdoor bar, found a seat and ordered a beer.  The afternoon was warm and Mike felt happy sitting on the barstool, drinking his beer and enjoying life.  The crowded marketplace was behind him.  He could hear the typical sing-song of the Caribbean sales jargon.  “Come here sweet lady!  I have the best prices!” or, “Mister, mister, step into my booth, I will give you the best deal of any booth here.  Do you want something to smoke?”
Two beers later he saw Andy walk out of the tanzanite store.  She turned and looked for Mike.  When she saw him wave to her she stepped off the sidewalk and crossed Main Street.  A very tall, skinny black man suddenly appeared out of nowhere, ran up to Andy and with a knife, slashed the strap on her purse and ran off with it.
Mike jumped into action.  He’d seen this many times in his past.  The young punk had been scoping the store out and knew Andy had made an expensive purchase.  Many times they were in cahoots with the store owner and sold it back to them for pennies on the dollar.  After all, the cruise ships would depart at four regardless of the crime, and people had to be back onboard.  Mike spotted the robber’s route and took off after him.  The man ran through the marketplace dodging in and out of booths trying to evade Mike.  One time, making a sharp turn Mike caught up with him, grabbed his shirt and ripped it half off.  ‘Damn,’ thought Mike, ‘where’s my .38 when I need it!’ knowing full well he could not carry it outside the U.S.
Andy saw Mike take after the thief.  She was really pissed at the thought of losing the ten thousand dollar ring she’d just purchased.  As she watched Mike run after the man through the market she came up with a different idea.  The marketplace was crowded, so it made no sense to go in that direction.  Instead, Andy took to the alley that ran alongside the marketplace and headed in, what she thought, would be the direction the thief was going.  She reached the back of the market and made a left turn at the same time the crook exited the market and made a right turn out the back.  They stopped, face to face with each other.  The young thief took out his knife and pointed it at Andy.  He didn’t know, but that was the worst thing he could have done.  In an instant Andy spun around, raised her leg, pointed her toes and sent all her inertia into his solar plexus.  The man doubled over, dropped her purse and held his stomach.  A split second later, before he could topple over, Andy came in close to his body, took her right knee and forced it upwards into the man’s jaw, shattering it and destroying several teeth in the process.  The man fell, unconscious.
“Well, dear, I guess I should’ve stayed at the bar and finished my beer,” smiled Mike as he looked at the man passed out, bleeding profusely in the alley.  “You can handle yourself.”
Andy looked up at Mike.  She was panting from the run and attack, was bent over and had her hands on her knees.  “Yeah, well, if I can kill a black bear I can deal with this.  Ginger, my karate teacher, told me I need to practice more.”
After regaining composure she gave Mike a big hug.  “Time for a Kodak Moment.  Take my picture.”  Andy walked over to the man laying face down unconscious in the alley and put one foot on his buttocks.  “Just like when I killed that bear!”  She smiled wide, spread her arms out while Mike captured the moment on camera.  After calling the police they walked down the alley back to Main Street.
“I need to check my email,” said Mike.  “There’s a McDonald’s in town.  let’s stop there and I can use their free WI-FI.
“Okay.  I’d like a Coke.  When you come back I’ll show you my ring.”
While Andy sipped her Coke, Mike checked his email on the iPhone.  There were a bunch of messages from friends and family congratulating them on their marriage, especially a long one from Janet Vasquez that he quickly deleted.  One message, however, from his friend Vince intrigued him.  Vince, after congratulating Mike and Andy, wanted to know the name of their catamaran.  Vince never asked stupid questions, so he texted back, the Dream Catcher.
Back on board they met with the captain and told him their shopping story.  He was quite impressed with Andy’s skills.  Over drinks the captain opened a map and reviewed their itinerary.  They would stay in the Lesser Antilles for a few days then head on to San Juan, Puerto Rico for one evening.  After San Juan they would sail to the Dominican Republic and spend the night in Punta Cana.  After that it would be mostly at sea with a brief stopover at Turks and Caicos then a straight run up to Miami.  Typically, charters began and ended at the same place, but lucky for Mike and Andy, the Dream Catcher was due in for its annual dry dock cleaning and inspection and Miami was where the work had to be done.
Over the next several days they had the time of their lives with lots of Kodak Moments.  One day it was Virgin Gorda and the Baths, an area of beautiful beaches, tidal pools, rocks and caves to explore, another day St. John snorkeling in the underwater state park.  They swam with the dolphins, went zip lining and parasailing.  When they arrived in San Juan there was gambling and touring Old San Juan during the day and at night a salsa bar where they danced the evening away.  In Punta Cana they rented dune buggies and Mike had cigars made especially for him. In the privacy of their stateroom they had wonderful moments exploring each other, as well.
The Antilles islands are quite close together so they were never out of sight of land for very long.  But when they left the Dominican Republic they would be venturing into the deep Atlantic Ocean, whose waves could sometimes be daunting.  Luckily, no bad weather was in sight.  It gave one a strange feeling, though, seeing nothing but water in all directions, especially late at night with no moon, the only light coming from the stars.


* * * *


The next evening was especially dark.  Cloud cover blanketed the skies.  About eleven Mike was sitting on the bed with Andy’s head on his lap watching a movie from the library when, of all things, his cell phone rang.
“Mike, here.”
“Mike, Vince.”
“Hey, it’s my honeymoon.”
“I wouldn’t call if it wasn’t important.   By the way, Janet and I really enjoyed your wedding.  What a surprise.  I asked her to text you thanks, did she?”
“Yeah, she did.  What’s going on to bother me at a time like this?”
“Mike, I’ve been working with the Navy, Coast Guard and CIA on something for the last six months.  You know I wouldn’t let you in on it unless you had a ‘need to know,’ and you do.”
“Okay.  Gimme a minute to grab a pen and pad.”  Andy was asleep so he quietly removed her head from his lap and slipped off to the library.  He sat down and switched on a reading lamp.  “Shoot.”
“Mike, it started with our fly boys.  They were tracking some drug smugglers out of Colombia and Venezuela.  They’ve found a unique way to get their cocaine and meth into the US by skirting customs.
“Just cut to the chase.”
“I am.  Listen, six months ago there was a sixty five foot schooner out of Miami.  A sailor and his wife were enjoying retirement on their dream ship sailing the world.  One day their schooner was discovered in Miami harbor but the man and woman were not on it.  After a week the harbormaster got concerned and contacted the Coast Guard.  CG brought their drug dogs on board and discovered traces of cocaine and meth.  No one had seen the couple, but they really didn’t start look for them until a week after they docked.  Here’s the interesting thing, our flyboys were out scanning the area around the same time this couple would have been heading back into their slip at the harbor.  They noticed flames on the sea and took the best photos they could but didn’t identify any craft.  They dispatched the Coast Guard to investigate but they found nothing.  One thing the Coast Guard did see was a large sailboat heading towards Miami.”
“I think I’m catching on,” said a very alert Mike.
“Well, here’s the thing.  I think these smugglers are about ready to repeat the operation.  We’ve been tracking a fifty foot cigarette boat for a time now, and it’s damn close to you.”
“How do you know?”
“Mike, you are right now north twenty degrees fifteen minutes and thirty seconds and west sixty nine degrees fifteen minutes and forty seconds.”
“How’d you know that?”  He paused.  “Never mind.”
“Yea, well that boat we’ve been tracking is coming towards your location at a pretty good clip.”
“What do you want me to do, Vince?”
“If it’s like the past, they’ll overtake your catamaran, eliminate the passengers, transfer the drugs over, and then sink their boat.  That way they’ll enter the country undetected.”
“Fuck, Vince.  I figured that out!  What the hell do you want me to do?  I’m sure our captain has some arms, but what are we dealing with here?  Three people?  Ten?”
“Well, Mike, I don’t think you’ve got to worry about that right now.  I’ve got you covered.”
“Covered?”
“Yeah.  I’m saving the best for last.  Right now you are in about one thousand feet of water.  One hundred feet beneath you is a Virginia class sub.  The skipper is on the line waiting to have a conversation with you.  Mike, meet Captain Rodgers.  He’s the skipper below you in our sub.”
“Uh, hi!” responded a surprised Mike. 
“Mike, Captain Jim Rodgers, here.  We’ve got some logistics to work out.  You probably know this class of sub was designed to accommodate special operations forces.  My SEALS are suited up and ready to go.  I know we can pull this off with minimal casualties.”
Mike and the Admiral spent the next ten minutes finalizing the plans and discussing details.
“Gimme a way to contact you, Jim,” barked Mike.  He needed to get off the phone and alert the skipper.  When he got the number he hung up.
Mike made his way to the captain’s cabin and knocked on the door.  “We’ve got problems.  Wake the crew now.”  I’ll meet you in the library in five minutes.  And Captain, if you have any weapons have them ready and bring them with you.”
Mike turned on his heels and left to warn Andy, but before doing so turned back to the skipper and pointed at him.  “Have your wife maintain full speed.”
Mike burst into the room.  “Honey, wake up!”
“What is it darling?”
“We’ve got some problems.  We think someone is trying to hijack our cat.”
“Who’s we?” she said while throwing on a top over her sunburned back and some jeans.
“While we were watching that movie I got a call from Vince.”  He quickly briefed Andy on what he’d learned.
“Sounds like Uncle Bill,” said Andy.
“Could be.”
James, Carley, Henri and Blanche were waiting in the library when Mike and Andy arrived.  The cat was on auto-pilot.
Mike addressed a very confused crowd.  “I need to be quick because we’re in danger of being hijacked.  Please, just listen and don’t panic.  I’m recently retired from the Air Force as an intelligence officer and I worked closely with organizations like the CIA.  Tonight I received a call from Langley.  It appears they’ve been tracking some pretty mean drug traffickers.  Their MO is to capture a pleasure craft and transfer their drugs onto the ship, allowing them to sail into the US undetected.  Six months ago a ship was discovered in Miami but the couple who owned it was missing.  They believe smugglers stormed the boat, killed the couple, transferred the drugs and then sunk their own boat to avoid detection.  It turns out the CIA, along with the Navy have been tracking these smugglers for days.  When they came close to our location they notified me of the danger.  We’re close enough to Florida now that they could try it.
“We do have help, however.  Right now a hundred feet below the Dream Catcher is a Virginia class sub.  I spoke to the Captain and he’s in the process of bringing up a squad of Navy SEALS to make sure no harm is done to us or this craft.  As a precaution, though, we need to be on the lookout in case things don’t work out exactly as planned.”
Mike turned to Captain James.  “did you bring the weapons you have on board?”
Captain James produced a .38 revolver, a .45 semi-automatic, a twelve gauge pump action shotgun and Blanche raised his arm with a spear gun in it.  “We also have a gun with rocket flares,” the captain said.
“I’ll take that one,” said Andy.  “We used those on the cattle ranch all the time to alert work hands of problems.”
“I’m used to a .38,” said Mike, taking the pistol.
“I’ll give Carley the shotgun and I’ll keep the .45,” said Captain James.  “Henri is afraid of guns.  Henri?  Why don’t you get a knife from the galley?”
Mike turned to the captain.  “We should probably keep the ship dark with no running lights.  Can we do that?”
“Of course!  Mike, what’s next?”
“Well, the Navy SEALS should be here first, so we sit and wait.  But, I think we need to spread around the ship and keep on the lookout.  If we see a boat coming on us fast what can this ship do to evade?”
Carley spoke.  “I’ll pilot the cat.  If we see something approach I can perform maneuvers.  With the sails down our twin diesels can push us along pretty good, probably twelve to fifteen knots.”
“They can come at us at one hundred knots,” the captain told his wife.
“I know, dear, but I can turn this ship pretty fast and zigzagging could evade them for awhile.  I’ve seen those boats and they prefer to run a straight course.  They can’t take sharp curves at a hundred miles an hour.”
“Great,” said Mike.  “now we have a plan.  Let’s go.”
It was a simple plan.  The SEALS would arrive in a rubber dinghy and transfer passengers and crew onto the dinghy which would take off ninety degrees away from the catamaran.  The SEALS would remain on board and when the smugglers arrive, deal with them.  The submarine would surface and take Mike, Andy and the crew on board for safety.  The Navy would return them to the catamaran when the skirmish was over.
Carley was up front in the wheelhouse, the captain aft, Henri and Blanche were amidships and Mike and Andy were on patrol, moving fore and aft.  All lights were out on their ship, including the exterior running lights.
Mike’s phone vibrated.  “Mike.”
“Captain Rodgers.  Maintain your heading.  Our SEALS should greet you in five minutes.”
“Understood.”  Mike pressed the ‘end’ button.
As Mike walked aft with Andy he thought he heard something, so turned on his flashlight and pointed into the pitch black night.  There was a long skinny vessel about forty yards to the east easing in towards them.
“Captain!” shouted Mike.  “One hundred-eighty degrees starboard.”  Immediately, the catamaran came about, reversing its direction.  Mike was amazed how the cat could turn on a dime.
The cigarette boat roared into action.  No need for silence anymore.  They had been discovered.  The smugglers reversed direction and came at the Dream Catcher.  Captain Carley timed it so when the cigarette boat closed in on them she turned sharply ninety degrees east into its path.  The boat just missed ramming the Dream Catcher and had to make a long two hundred and seventy degree turn to come back at the ship.  They were about twenty yards out, travelling parallel to the catamaran when semi-automatic shots rang out, pelting a series of holes along the side of the ship.
Captain Carley was wounded and fell back into the captain’s chair.  She could no longer control the Dream Catcher so it kept on a straight path, allowing the smugglers to near their ship.  In what seemed like seconds they came alongside and jumped on board.  Six raided the ship and two stayed on board the cigarette boat until it could be safely secured to the catamaran.
Captain James came to the aid of his wife.  Her wounds were serious but didn’t look fatal.  He laid her on the deck and out of the way of further harm.  Just as he set her head on the deck shots were fired at him.  The person trying to get control of the ship was coming up the stairs to the helm fast, but James had good cover.  As the smuggler made his way up the last step of the bridge James bravely stood up, pointed his .45 and dropped three shots into his pursuer’s chest, flying the corpse back down the stairs.  He went back to Carley and attended to her wounds.
The leader knew he needed the Dream Catcher so gave orders to his men to be careful not to knock out any vital equipment.  All the smugglers boarded aft and two made their way towards the front of the ship.  They had to pass through the living area where Blanche and Henri were hiding.  Blanche was on the floor in front of the sofa and Henri was hiding in the kitchen.  They tried to enter the area but the door was locked.  The first man opened semi-automatic fire on the door tearing it to shreds, while the second man remained behind him.  Entering the living/kitchen area he sprayed the entire room with bullets until his cartridge was emptied, quickly unsnapped the spent cartridge and replaced it with a new one.  Blanche, unharmed from the spray of bullets, heard the sound of the cartridge falling to the floor so quickly stood up, saw the man reaching for his new load of shells and let loose the barbed arrow from his spear gun, shattering the man’s shoulder under the rotator cuff.  The force was so strong it went through the shoulder and into the wall, pinning him in place, making him pass out from pain.  The second man ran into the center of the room by the breakfast nook and started firing where Blanche had been, but it was dark and Blanche was smart enough to move forward, out the other end of the living room.  The man was in almost complete darkness leaning against the nook, moving his hand back and forth along the wall hoping to find the light switch when suddenly a knife sliced through his throat.  He fell to Henri’s feet gushing blood all over the kitchen floor.
Henri turned on the light and stared into the dying man’s eyes.  “Henri knows how to filet more than a fish!” and spat on him.  He dragged the body out of sight, turned off the light and secured himself back in his hiding place in the kitchen.
After the captain attended to his semi-conscious wife he secured the area by locking the door to the small cockpit.  He idled the engines.  Carley had brought the shotgun along with a box of shells which he quickly checked to make sure were loaded in the shotgun, and then refilled his .45.  He had a good view of the ship and with the cockpit secured it would be difficult for anyone to enter without a fight.  The captain had high ground.
Mike and Andy were aft when they heard the commotion in the living room and kitchen area.  They felt the catamaran slow to an idle.  The remaining two smugglers brought their craft alongside the Dream Catcher, tied up and leaped on the catamaran carrying AK-47’s strapped to their backs.  The men kept the engines running.  Mike didn’t feel ready to go after those two slimy Columbians, or whatever they were, with just a pistol, so he guided Andy forward along the very narrow starboard gunwale.  They made their way to the front of the cat being careful as they passed portholes and windows.  As they proceeded they could hear gunfire inside.  Mike surmised they were searching the vessel for passengers and crew.  He knew they had one advantage, the smugglers didn’t know how many of them were on board.
When they reached the front of the cat they were surprised to find Blanche, who seemed to pop up out of nowhere.  He whispered to Mike.  “Blanche, black like the night, Mon.”
“Just don’t smile, Blanche, you’ll give us away,” said a hushed Mike.
“Tee-hee.  Mon, that’s funny.  Boss, what we do now?”
“Where’s the captain, do you know?”
“Yeah, Mon,” he said as he pointed about twelve feet up.  “in the cockpit with Carley.  I think she hurt.”
Mike could hardly see in the darkness all around them.  “Blanche is there any rope around?”
“How much you want?”
“Fifty feet be fine.”  Blanche was back in less than sixty seconds.
“Thanks, Blanche.  Look, you hold the coil and I’ll throw it up into the cockpit, okay?”
“No, Mister Mike.  Blanche throw.  He better than you.”
“Okay.  Just toss it up there.  I want you to climb up and see what’s going on with our captain and his wife.”  With ease Blanche threw the rope into the open window of the cockpit.  Mike guessed the captain would know it was them, not the smugglers, and would secure it.  If he were up there he’d think the same way.  After all, if he didn’t like whom he saw climbing he could just cut loose.
Mike told Blanche to find out what was happening from the captain’s point of view and then, if possible, have everyone scale down.  He told Blanche.  “Tell the captain our best plan for safety is to stick together until the cavalry arrives.”  When the rope was secured Blanche scaled the rope like a cat up a tree being chased by a dog.
Two minutes later he came down with a semi-conscious Carley in his arms.  “Boss say better to fight up there.  He captain.  He stay.  Ask you to take care of Carley.”
Mike and Andy led followed by Blanche holding Carley upright as best he could.  She had a nasty bullet wound in her right shoulder area and a slight graze to the back of her head.  Her husband did a great job of first aid on Carley, who was now coming in and out of consciousness.   They proceeded to the narrow portside gangway heading aft.  As they were about amidships they heard voices in Spanish from the smugglers who were in the front of the ship, the very place they had been minutes ago.  They heard semi-automatic shots fired as well as several shotgun blasts.  The craft, being slightly bowed, fortunately hid them from their pursuers. 
“Boss!” Mike heard Blanche whisper.
“What?”
“Henri.  He in there.  Go in that door, Mon.”  Mike saw a door leading to the living area and entered.  Once inside he turned on his flashlight to see where he was.  It was the living room and dining area. On the wall was an unconscious or dead dark skinned man hanging by his shoulder with a harpoon stuck firmly in the wall holding him half erect.
“You do this?” he asked Blanche.  All he got was a bright smile.
Blanche moved toward the kitchen area.  “Henri?  Come out.  It’s us, Mon.”  Henri appeared, bloody from his experience with the smuggler.  “Oui?”
Mike told Henri.  “Henri, we must move away from those after us.  We need to get to the back of the ship.  Are you okay?”
“Oui.  I will follow.”
As they started towards the back of the ship Mike scanned his flashlight one last time around the room.  The light shone on the wounded man hanging from the harpoon and he saw a shine of metal.  The man, having regained consciousness, reached into his pocket with his good arm and raised a pistol towards Mike.  Mike hated to do it, but in a flash his .38 was out, pop-pop.
“We’ve got to move fast,” Mike spoke aloud.  “they’ll follow the sound of my gunshot and be on us like white on rice.  Everybody, move!”   They all exited through the door that was just minutes ago blasted apart by the smugglers.  Blanche was moving along helping, sometimes carrying Carley, Andy behind Blanche followed by Mike.  Henri was in the rear.  As they exited the door Mike looked back and noticed that Henri had fallen behind.  The next moment he heard a crash.  Henri had the cool of mind to take the library bookcase that was by the entry way where the smugglers were coming and sent it as a blockade in front of the living room door after locking the door.  This turned out to be a blessing, because it gave them time.
When they reached the rear of the ship Mike was pissed off.  ‘Where’s the fuckin’ SEALS?’ he thought.  ‘This was supposed to be easy.  Shit!  This shoulda been a simple operation.  How did things get so twisted and fucked up?’
Mike saw they only had minutes, maybe seconds.  He looked at the cigarette boat that was idling and made a quick decision.  “Blanche, get Carley on board, Now!  Henri, you help him.  Blanche, can you drive this thing?”
“With pleasure, Mon.”
“Okay, as soon as you get Carley on board, man the throttles and wait for my command.  I’ll unhook us from the Dream Catcher.
“Yeah, Mon!” smiled Blanche. 
 “Andy, jump on board.”  Andy balanced herself at the back of the catamaran and leaped on board.  She was at the rear of the cigarette boat facing the Dream Catcher watching as Mike bent down, untied the rope and readied himself to jump on board.  The first of the smugglers made his way to the rear of the ship.  He stopped, aimed and set his sights on Mike.
“Mike! DOWN!” she screamed.  “Now!”  Mike dropped from a squatting position to prone and looked up as a flare soared inches over his back into the smuggler aiming his rifle at him.  He watched as the flare exploded in the man’s groin.  Mike finished untying the boat, jumped on the back and ordered Blanche to take off.  In seconds they were out of harm’s way, about a football field away.  Mike had Blanche idle the engines.  They watched as the Navy SEALS boarded the boat.  There was about five minutes of rifle fire and flares, and then it was over.

###

Well Bred Connections is available on all e-readers and in paperback through CreateSpace.
