Mind Game
By Phillip Manning
Copyright 2012 Phillip Manning
Smashwords Edition
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Prologue
In Fremont Nebraska, seventeen-year old David Kent walked into his family living room. He was not as chipper as he usually had been. Something bothered him; unfortunately he had no idea what it was. He felt as if he was drifting through life now. Dave was not even sure if he was awake now. It seemed as if everything was a dream; none of what was going on was real, what he was about to do couldn’t have really happened.
David’s family noticed something was different; something was not right with him. His mother figured it was just him being a teenager. She had gone through it with Dave’s older brother Robert and she would eventually go through it with her youngest child, Monica. Julia never thought too much when her teenage children moped. She knew it was just something they did.
Dave, are you okay?” she asked, not truly caring to hear the shallow, faux-philosophical answer she figured he’d give her.
Dave nodded his head. He pulled back the long blonde hair out of his eyes to reveal his face, which had a light amount of stubble growing. At another point in his life, Dave was happy that the stubble had come, primarily because it hid at least a little of the acne that had accumulated on his face. Dave looked at his family in a trance. His older brother teased him.
“Dave, you bummed about not having a date to prom? If you ask nicely Stacey would go with you,” Dave’s brother Robert teased about their cousin.
Dave, who wore skinny black jeans, a white t-shirt, and black and white Vans, slowly turned to his brother, who sat in his father’s reclining chair. Without thinking twice David turned away from his brother and walked past the stairs, in which he had just come down, and he marched into the kitchen.
David rumbled through the drawers. He was looking for something, but wasn’t quite sure why he was looking for it. He stayed in the kitchen for about two to three minutes before he returned with a butcher’s knife in his hand. His brother Robert was watching television. When Robert turned to see his brother, he was confused and intrigued; that is until his younger brother stood in the doorway of the family room and began laughing.
Dave’s laugh was demented and was very unlike his normal laugh. This laugh showed that something was truly broken in the young man. Robert grew afraid as his brother approached him with the knife raised in the air. Robert thought his brother was playing an unfunny, cruel joke on him, therefore he did not move when his brother swiftly stabbed him in the left side of his chest. Robert was surprised, but could not move. Dave removed the knife and cut his brother’s throat. Dave’s mother ran over to him to stop him. Unfortunately before she could reach him, Dave swung to the left and with amazing speed stabbed her in the stomach. Blood poured from her mouth. David pulled the knife out of her stomach and cut her throat.
Upstairs ten year old Monica had heard a commotion. She was curious as to why there was suddenly so much fuss down stairs. Being the inquisitive little girl that she was, she made her way downstairs. She was horrified when she saw her older brother and mother dead on the floor bleeding. 
Monica barely saw David before he rushed at her from her left, knocked her down, and cut her throat. Dave’s little sister had run down the stairs of the once peaceful home and was cut down in the dawn of her life. Suddenly Dave fell unconscious as the last member of his family knocked him out by hitting him in the back of the head with a vase. Dave’s father, Robert Sr., stood over the body of his unconscious son in tears knowing that his son killed everyone in his family. He wished that he had come inside a little sooner. If he had maybe he could have saved his family and maybe even saved his son. Unfortunately all was now lost, his family was lost. Robert Sr. tied up his son, called the police and cried until they arrived.
In Vergennes, Vermont thirty-two year old Wesley Peterson was in a hotel room. The hotel was classy and expensive. Wesley had brought his mistress there many times. He loved the place and so did she. The hotel was made to look like a mansion. The front of the three floor hotel had many windows. Before the front doors were tall pillars that stood like sentinels watching the hotel and keeping it safe. In front of the pillars was a sheltered, inclined walkway that covered patrons from the driveway to the front door. The pillars and the walkway were painted white, which matched the light dusting of snow that was on the ground. 
The room that Wesley was in was exquisite. Next to the front door was a single seat cushioned chair. Beyond that was a mahogany coffee table that had the center cut out and glass placed into the cut. Past that was a fire place that had a steel gate in front of it. Behind the coffee table was a love seat. Following the love seat was a wall that flowed into a hallway that led to a kitchen which had a sub-zero refrigerator next to an oven.
The bedroom was in a door that was down a hallway to the right of the front door. The bedroom was sensuous and comfortable. The bed was a king size bed with five hundred thread count sheets and a dark blue comforter. The pillows were filled with feathers and covered in silk pillow covers. Across from the bed was a cushioned wooden chair in which Wesley sat.
The woman sitting across from him was a tanned-skinned, beautiful, educated young college graduate. Her breasts were perky and seemed to stand at attention at all times. Her butt was round, smooth, and soft. The young woman had full lips and long blonde hair. Quite simply, she oozed the aura of sex and lust. She was the complete opposite of the man who sat across from her. He was hairy all over, except on his head. He had begun going bald at age twenty-six. His skin was pale and he could not remember the last time that he had seen his toes. He wondered sometimes how he got a woman like Rachel to sleep with him on a regular basis. He wanted to believe that he was that debonair. In actuality it was because he made four million a year and Rachel loved rich married guys.
Rachel made her way over to the bed. Slowly she took off her robe to reveal her perfect body. Wesley could feel blood rushing south in his own body. He wanted to jump her then and there, but he restrained himself. She slowly laid down on the bed and put her index and middle finger in her mouth to moisten them. Then she slowly moved them down and began to rub herself as if she were wiping ink from a school desk.
Wesley could not restrain himself any longer. He stood with his manhood fully aroused. He made his way over to the bed and came to Rachel. As he entered her she moaned a little and winced. She was glad that if she was going to have an affair with a man like Wesley that he was nice in bed. Every time that he moaned and pumped forward she sighed a little enjoying every pump. Rachel could feel Wesley going deep inside her and she wished that the thrilling feeling she felt would never end. She began to moan more and more as Wesley began to speed up his pace. Her eyes were closed and she just allowed herself to escape into a fantasy world.
Eventually, she glanced back up to Wesley, whose countenance had begun to change. He slowly began to cease his actions and moved his hands up to her neck and began to choke her. She initially thought he was being kinky, but soon she learned that he was not. Before she could fight him off, her last breath escaped her.
Wesley got dressed. Then he left the hotel room. He ventured downstairs and was silent. The woman, Valerie, at the front desk tried to speak to him.
“Mr. Peterson is everything okay with your room?” she asked oblivious to the fact that there was a dead woman in there now.
Wesley only nodded, but said nothing. He draped his coat, which he had been previously carrying, over his shoulders and snaked his arms into the sleeves and made his way into the cold September Vermont night. He walked for at least five minutes before he entered a convenience store. He had no idea what he wanted to buy; he only knew that he wanted something.
The cashier cordially spoke to Wesley. Wesley did not respond, instead he went to the back and picked up a beer, opened it and began drinking. The cashier warned him to pay first. Without a single emotion on his face Wesley walked up to the counter and jumped over it. He then punched the cashier, who had been scrambling for his pistol, in the throat. Wesley quickly found the pistol and shot the cashier two times in the chest. Satisfied with what he had done, Wesley then walked out of the store and into the parking lot. Then pulled the gun to his head and pulled the trigger. His body hit the pavement with a loud thump.
Alan Yancey came home to his wife of three years in Santa Fe, New Mexico. He was twenty-nine and had a good life. He and his wife had just bought their new house in New Mexico. Alan worked for Mega Corp; a computer programming company. His wife Lori, he met in college at southern California. Alan had just returned from a business trip. He was hungry and asked his wife to make him a sandwich; she gladly did so. Alan turned on the television and began to watch a zombie movie on one of the premium channels. His wife loved those movies because it gave her and her husband a chance to cuddle.
As she entered the room, Alan admired the full-figured body of his wife. He never did like the stick-thin model types. Alan loved women with meat on their bones. Lori was especially cute now that she had recently gotten her hair done and her nails painted. Her chocolate skin tone made the light and dark brown shades in her hair sizzle. Alan loved that fact that he had a woman whose butt shook as much as it did when she walked. He used to tell his friends that Lori had, “more cushion for the pushin’” As his wife sat next to him he put his arm around her and pulled her close.
As they began to watch the movie Lori asked her husband for a soda. She had forgotten to bring them herself. Alan gladly agreed and walked into the kitchen. About two minutes later Lori felt a swift cutoff of air. She pulled her hands up to her neck to try to pull the rope down. She was unsuccessful. Alan held the rope tight until his wife stopped moving. Then with a demented look in his eyes he smiled to himself. He then went outside to get in his car.
Alan was about to leave when his neighbors, a husband and wife, walked over to invite him to a cookout. Alan got out of the car and began to beat the man with a tire iron he had in his back seat. The man stood no chance. The woman ran home and called police, unfortunately she was cut off by Alan who had come into her home. He then proceeded to beat her to a bloody pulp. Another neighbor saw all of this and called the police, but did not exit his house. By the time Alan had gotten to the end of the street, he was surrounded by police officers. Alan surrendered peacefully, he would remember nothing.
Brandi Ruiz was forty-three years old. Her story was different from the others. She was not a successful businessperson or a computer programmer. She was a lowly factory worker in Elma, Washington. She had worked at Harper Industries for twenty-one years. Her story began when she awoke from sleep at five-fifteen in the morning on September 17, 2012. She had to go to work, but instead she grabbed the gun from her nightstand and rolled over to look at the empty spot that she felt should have a husband lying in it. She walked down the hall to the room in which her sister stayed and kicked in the door. Her sister and her sister’s boyfriend were in the middle of sex when Brandi raised the gun up to them and shot six shots killing them both.
Brandi’s father, Emilio, ran down the hall to stop his daughter. He soon learned how foolish it was to do this. He was shot once in the head and his body slumped to the floor. Brandi then went to her car and drove to the police station and turned herself in for murder.
Part One: Alpha
Chapter 1
In East Orange, New Jersey a man turned down Central Avenue. He was running for his life. He felt like he had not done anything wrong, yet his pursuer was intent on catching him. The victim, Tim Bosco, turned off of Central Avenue and onto South Munn Avenue. He cut through a gas station to get to the street; that’s when he saw a car approaching him. Tim swerved just as the car slowed down; he barely missed the car. His pursuer was less fortunate. 
He tried to run onto the hood of the car and over the roof. Instead the pursuer rolled onto the hood and broke the windshield. Tim was safe, but not for long. His pursuer got off the car and popped his neck. A demented smile crept onto his face. He then began running toward Tim again.
“You have got to be kidding me,” Tim said to himself.
Tim approached a building with tall hedges surrounding it. The building was a single level brick building with many windows. He could not see him yet, but there was a security guard in a booth near the front of the building. What Tim could see was that there were many cars in the parking lot. He was determined to finish his task, but to do so he needed to get to his destination. A car would help him get there quicker.
As he ran through the bushes Tim pulled out his pistol and checked to see if it was loaded; it was. Once he was clear of the bushes Tim turned and waited for his pursuer. He was amazed when the man leapt over the bushes. Tim could have stood in awe because the bushes had to be at least four feet high. He had no time to admire the feat because once his pursuer landed he pulled up his own pistol and fired. He missed because Tim had shot him square in the chest and threw off his aim. The man who followed Tim fell to the ground. Blood poured and watered the ground. 
Tim turned and saw the security guard walking towards him. He threw the gun over the bushes and held his hands up. He was going to try to play the victim. Tim’s back was to his pursuer.
The guard was calm and relaxed as he approached Tim. Suddenly he pulled his pistol up and began to yell. Tim yelled back saying that he was a victim. Tim was surprised when a bullet hit the guard in the knee. The guard hit the ground and dropped his gun. Then the guard was shot again in the forearm. Tim turned and saw that his pursuer was up again.
“What the hell man? This is just not fair anymore,” Tim said as he ran off again. 
Tim ran and eventually approached a series of tall buildings; he was not sure if they were apartments or businesses. He pulled out a second gun, turned and fired at his pursuer again. The man swerved out of the path of the bullets. Tim began to wonder if he was even human. Tim ran between two buildings. Then he went into the side entrance of one of the buildings; there he saw a janitor’s closet. He ran inside and closed the door. He held the small box in his pocket between his fingers and hoped that the man would not find him. Tim waited for about ten minutes then he slowly exited the closet. There was no one around. In the distance he could hear sirens.
“The guard must have called the police,” he thought.
Tim reached his destination. He looked up at the front door and smiled. He knew that this would give him the satisfaction that he desired. He walked into the front door and saw that the place was filled with women. Tim was indifferent as to what was going on. He felt it was what the women wanted. They all seemed to have looks of anxiety on their faces.
Tim made his way past them. He reached a door that read ‘Employees Only.’ Tim thought for a second and then placed his hands on the door knob. He looked both ways and there were people coming, but they were too interested in what they were doing to pay attention to him. Tim turned the knob and entered the basement.
Once he was there he pulled up a chair and waited. He was sure someone would show up soon; that was part of his plan. He needed a lot of law enforcement to arrive. He wanted the attention and glory.
“You are a difficult man to catch, but I’m glad I did,” a voice called from the door.
Tim squinted as the figure walked down and faced him. Tim was very displeased with the fact that his pursuer had caught up to him.
“Hard to believe it’s been six years. Six years since I joined API,” Silas Hall said to himself while standing in the basement of an abortion clinic in New Jersey, “After six years this is what I’m doing.”
Within the past six years Silas had been shot, stabbed, mauled, run-over, and beat-up yet he still stood in perfect health. Every time he went through those things, Silas was forced to bear the excruciating pain of death without the peace of dying. Although he hated the pain with a passion, he came back to work every day because of the good he was doing in the world.
Silas had been working for the Agency for the Protection of the Innocent, or API for short, for the last six years. API is essentially the FBI, CIA, and NSA, all rolled into one agency. The only difference is that API acts without the blessing of the US government, therefore they are considered by some to be vigilantes and by others, terrorists. API’s job is to thwart the large-scale loss of innocent lives around the world, but mainly the U.S. API’s top agent is Silas Langston Henry Hall.
Six years ago, at the age of eighteen, Silas was forced to witness the murder of his parents, members of API themselves. Three days later Silas awoke in a hospital bed without a single scar on his entire body. He was told that he was shot twice in the chest. Later the Director of API Matthew Reid and the Co-Director Dr. Alexandra Williams explained to Silas what his parents did and why they died. Silas agreed to work for API in hopes of one day running across the man who killed his mother and father and hopefully finding his sister, whom he had not seen since he was eleven. 
Now Silas stood in the basement of an abortion clinic in New Jersey. A man named Tim Bosco faced him with a detonator, that if pushed would set off C4 on every level of the three story building. Silas was trying to talk Tim out of doing what he was attempting to do. 
“Okay what is your name again sir?”
“Tim Bosco. Why do you want to know?”
“Because it's my job to know who the wacko’s are that I put away.”
“Sorry to disappoint you but you ain’t gonna put me away, son.”
“Oh but I will grasshoppa,” Silas replied while jokingly bowing to Tim.
“How will you do that? I have the detonator. I can push a button and all of us will go BOOM!”
“But you will not do that, because dude you are not ready to die for a cause, especially considering the fact that you don’t have a cause. You are just doing this for attention.”
“I am not; I want to prove a point.”
“And that point is what?”
Tim was silent and angry. He wondered who this man was who was standing in front of him, but eventually he replied, “Abortion is wrong. It is murder in the eyes of God.”
“You don’t really believe that.”
“I do.”
Silas then pulled out a rolled up notebook from his pocket and opened the cover. He smirked as he began to read.
“Ten years, that S.O.B. judge gave me ten years in prison. I can’t do ten years…”
Tim interrupted, “How did you get my journal? Have you been following me?”
Silas continued to read, “I won’t survive prison unless I do something that gives me a rep before I go inside. I can’t kill a person, but what I can do is threaten to do it. It’s the next best thing. Sometimes I wish I had never done what I did. Then all of this wouldn’t be a worry for me now…”
“Shut up! Just shut up!”
“Can’t handle the truth? You never intended to kill anyone. I’d even bet that this building doesn’t even have explosives.” Silas paused to allow this to sink in for Tim. “You really were clever. We found this book partially burned. The books that were strewn around your house spoke of how abortion is wrong. Your bank accounts show that you had given money to Martyrs for Justice and Christhood; a known cult.”
Tim was fidgety.
“You laid this path for the authorities to find. That coupled with trying to blow up an abortion clinic and your well planned writings on your wall were a clever way to try to get yourself placed in an insane asylum.”
“Who are you? Why won’t you just leave me be.” Tim was beginning to cry.
“I’m like a cockroach; I’m always around and I just won’t die.”
“Who are you? Who you work for?”
“That is the beauty of this entire situation. I work for an agency that will not get recognition for stopping you today. There will be no news stories, no interviews from prison, and no prison book deals; none of that will happen. But do you know what will happen?”
“Many will die today!”
“Actually it will be few, because I have kept you talking for roughly fifteen minutes and during that time my associates have been clearing the building. Right about now this building has about 20 people in it give or take a dozen. So if you have the balls to kill 20 people at once go ahead, but personally I think you have the balls of a new born baby girl,” Silas answered with a smirk on his face, “Oh and Tim one more thing.”
Silas pulled out a knife and rolled up his sleeve. Then he rammed the knife into his arm and twisted it to make the wound larger. He pulled the knife out and let Tim watch the wound heal almost instantly. Overwhelmed with what he was seeing, Tim passed out. API agents rushed into the room and quickly grabbed Tim and the detonator and rushed both of them away. Silas’ field superior, Loretta Payne, came into the room and was livid.
“Hall you could have killed a lot of people.”
“Payne, he was not going to push that button. Plus there ain’t that many people in this place; not even after Valentines.”
“And how do you know that he wasn’t going to push the button?”
“Because he was a punk. Like I said he was doing this hoping that the FBI or somebody like that was going to come and take him down. When they searched his house they’d find his manifesto and his wall writings and  give him the media attention he wanted or move him to an mental institution. There aren’t even any bombs in this building. He was going away for tax evasion.” 
“But were you sure?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t think so. You were reckless and stupid. Just because you can’t die doesn’t mean that you can put everyone else in a situation to do so,” Agent Loretta Payne looked down her fit figure and then returned his gaze to Silas’ semi-muscular frame, “Good job.”
Silas smiled and then left the scene to get something to eat and get on his way out of New Jersey and back to North Carolina.
Chapter 2
In Lincoln, North Carolina, Silas Hall was finally home. He had spent the last twenty-eight hours in New Jersey looking for Tim and now that ordeal was over. He needed to sleep and prepare for the next day. Even though he had a higher amount of energy than other human beings he still needed rest and was finally about to get it. 
Silas got into his old beat up Pontiac and slowly drove away from Atkins International Airport. Along the way he looked at the city as it drifted to sleep. He passed a Wal-Mart that was in a shopping center with a J.C. Penney, Dillard’s, and Dollar Tree. He thought of how odd that combination was. He traveled along thinking to himself of how alone his life was, although he was content with it, he still desired companionship.
He couldn’t remember the last time he’d had a girlfriend. He’d had many run-ins and one night stands, but almost no girlfriends. This was not on purpose, but because he was never around. Silas respected women and did not want them to worry about him when he was working. He was usually in some other country. Often times he would be dropped into these countries under the cover of night, he couldn’t imagine a woman who would know this and not worry. Silas thought of just keeping it silent, but he could not bring himself to fall in love with someone and lie to them on a daily basis. Therefore Silas’ life was composed of his job, memories, and his only friend, fellow agent Jason Miller.
Silas’ apartment building was nothing spectacular. It had no secret hallways that led under the building. There was no bookcase that led to a lair. His apartment building was normal. It was a simple six story brick building that sat on West Almond St.
As he pulled into the parking lot of his apartment building; Silas felt a sense of relief come over him. The director had not called him his entire trip home, which meant the details wouldn’t have to be spilled until tomorrow. 
Silas entered the building and walked down the hallway towards the elevator. Along the way he heard the sounds of people living their lives in the apartments he passed. In one apartment he heard a baby crying. Further down he could hear children playing with a video game system, their screams brought a slight smile to his face. Another apartment contained a recently married couple arguing over jelly.
Silas sometimes stopped and wondered if these individuals would argue as much if they were as lonely as he. He wished they could understand the sacrifices he had made in the past six years to ensure that they were safe. Silas sometimes wished that he could switch places with them for one day so that he could have a life with family and friends. He desperately wished for a life where a woman was at home waiting for him, and when he arrived she would smile at the sight of him. He could imagine having someone to talk to when he got home. Instead Silas had nothing, except a best friend who might be clinically insane and a long list of people who wanted him dead.
Silas boarded the elevator and saw two men kissing each other. He had no problem with what they were doing, he didn’t even want to bother them so he didn’t speak. When they looked up at him, Silas only nodded his head; the universal greeting. Once the elevator started to move the couple had stopped their make-out session and laughed amongst themselves. Silas wondered if they were laughing at him, but ultimately he decided that he did not care what it was at which they were laughing. Silas got off on the fourth floor of Highland Heights, his apartment building, and went to apartment 9D. Silas unlocked and opened the door and was not surprised to see Dr. Williams sitting in his living room.
“Guess you’re surprised to see me here?”
“Not really, considering I could hear you whispering to the director that I was unlocking the door,” Silas replied while opening his fridge and putting some pizza into the microwave. Silas then turned to Dr. Williams and offered her some pizza.
“No thank you. I don’t eat anything out of a microwave. You shouldn’t either it can kill you. Tests have shown it.”
Silas looked at Dr. Williams and was trying to figure out if she was trying to be funny or if she was serious. Sadly enough she did not crack a smile meaning she was serious. Once she realized what she said it was too late, Silas had already begun to laugh.
“Why are you here doc?” he asked once he stopped laughing.
“I came here to give you the information you asked for.”
“Reid allowed you to do that?”
“What Reid doesn’t know won’t hurt him.”
“Is it significant?” Silas asked reluctantly hoping for a positive answer.
“It’s about the Brotherhood.”
Silas stopped chewing for a second to be sure he had heard her correctly, “The Brotherhood of Unity?”
“Yes.”
“The Brotherhood is the group that killed my parents. I have been waiting six years to find them.” Silas began to drift back to the day his parents were killed. Before he drifted off too far he allowed himself to return and ask Dr. Williams another question, “All I want to know is where I can find them?”
“This is the file on them,” Dr. Williams said as she motioned to the two manila folders on the couch.
Silas looked at the folders and then he glanced back at her. For years he had been waiting for this type of information on his parents’ killer. He motioned his hand at the folders and slowly they rose into the air and floated across the room and landed on the kitchen counter next to him. Silas knew that Dr. Williams didn’t like for him to use his telekinesis unless he really needed to, however Silas was not concerned with that at the moment.
Silas looked inside the one labeled BOU and stared for a minute at one picture. The picture was one of a man, a white man. He was short, no taller than five foot six. He was wearing an expensive suit. His face was menacing yet afraid. The individual had great authority, but in the picture he looked like nothing special. This was a disappointment to Silas, who had seen the man on television, but still hoped there was more to him than what was there.  Taylor Fabian, the man in the picture, was very stout and ugly with a pencil thin goatee that made him look like a porn director. However, Silas knew the man attracted women; he was a multi-billionaire. Silas finally looked up from the folder.
“Taylor Fabian ordered the hit?”
“Yes, we believe so.”
“Then imma kill him.”
Dr. Williams knew that API protocol was to hold the little fish for the bigger fish, but this time she knew there wasn’t a single agent who would or could stop Silas from killing Fabian. She knew that API would have to use Silas to get them near Fabian then hold him at bay until they got what they needed out of Fabian. Also they had to manage to get some dirt on him; in the past Fabian had gotten off every time he was captured. The hard part was going to be keeping Silas at bay if he ever caught Fabian. Dr. Williams looked at Silas and decided to leave him alone. She turned to leave.
“Thanks doc,” Silas said with one tear rolling down his face. 
“You’re welcome Silas.”
Silas was no longer hungry or sleepy. He spent the next few hours studying the file on the Brotherhood. He had never dealt with them before directly, but he had heard stories and wanted to be prepared for anything.
The next day Silas awoke at around eleven in the morning. It was Monday and he had no memory of ever falling asleep. By now he really was hungry. He washed a pan and made scrambled eggs, sausage links and buttered toast; it was quick and easy. After he was finished with his breakfast he went for a walk.
When Silas wasn’t traveling the world with API, he was a Private Investigator, a janitor, or whatever else he could do to pass the time. The director wondered way he kept doing odd jobs. Silas’ reply was always the same; ‘It keeps me connected to the outside world’. However, today Silas took the day off. 
Silas walked down one street and then turned down another and then another. He still knew where he was, but was now roughly a mile and a half from his apartment. No matter where he went around the world he always felt that there was no place as beautiful as the American southeast. Myrtle Beach in South Carolina, the Appalachians of North Carolina, and the Florida Everglades all mesmerized him. Although the south was once known for, and in some places still is littered with racism, its natural beauty is as radiant as ever. 
This was a good day for Silas; for the first time in six years he had proof of who killed his mother and father and would soon be tracking the person down. Nothing could ruin the day, until Silas thought of his life. His mother and father were dead, and he hadn’t seen his older sister since he was eleven. His love life was non-existent. Silas’ only close friend was a man who was a trigger-happy, maniac, however, today everything changed.
Silas was on First St. when he saw a woman walking out of a coffee shop. In her hands she had a laptop and a lot of papers. She was struggling with the papers and seemed to need help. The woman mesmerized Silas. Her skin was a chocolate brown color; her hair was black and cut in a layered look. She was dressed in a black skirt and white blouse. The glasses that she wore were plastic with a rectangle frame. Silas had not realized that he had stopped and was now staring at the woman struggling with her papers. The woman looked up at Silas and realized he was staring at her. She threw a quick frown at him that snapped Silas out of his daydream. Silas rushed over and helped her with her papers; she was grateful. Silas carried some of her papers and walked her across the street to her car.
“Thanks for helping me. I really should have organized these papers better. It’s just that I thought I had them until I walked out, but thanks for helping me.”
“No problem.”
After all of her stuff was in her reddish burgundy car. The woman looked at Silas and began to wonder why he was still standing there.
“My name is Silas,” Silas said while extending his hand.
“Alana,” the woman replied.
“Alana. That is a pretty name.”
Alana noticed that Silas was probably going to try to hit on her so she quickly ended the conversation. 
“Thank you Silas. Well I have got to go. Thanks again for helping me.”
Silas was smiling and was oblivious to what Alana was doing until he read her face and saw that it said, ‘please walk away.’ Silas’ feelings were hurt but he was used to this type of rejection. He slowly turned and walked away. However, he stopped in his tracks and turned back and knocked on Alana’s window.
“Alana I know you know nothing about me, and quite frankly I know nothing about you. But I think you are very pretty and I want to get to know you. I am not a freak or weirdo. I am just a man who wants to ask you out on a date. If you say no you won’t see me again, but I am hoping you go out on a limb and take a chance.”
Alana smiled and replied, “That is the cheesiest thing I have ever heard someone say trying to get a date with me.” She stopped and turned her head and looked forward then back to Silas. “Yes.” She took out a piece of paper and handed Silas her phone number. Silas tried as hard as he could not to smile, but he failed to do so and couldn’t keep the kool-aid grin off his face. He took the number and then gave her his number. As Alana then drove off, Silas turned and started to walk off towards his house.
Silas was happy and it seemed like nothing could destroy this day until the funeral music played on his cell phone signifying that API was calling.
“Hello,” Silas said.
“Agent Payback, this is Agent Smiley.”
“What is it? And just call me Silas.”
“Go to the train station on 13th street. Be there in five minutes.”
Silas hung up the phone and walked to the station. He wondered why they wanted him to be in a station that was so far away. He also wondered why they just didn’t tell him what they wanted over the phone. The phone’s API gave them were secure. Silas figured it was just API’s attempt at being over dramatic.
Once Silas arrived at the station he noticed how slow business was. Then he thought about the fact that it was Monday, why would the train station be packed on a Monday in a suburban town? He smiled to himself thinking of how silly his thoughts were now.
Once inside, Silas turned to the left and saw a place called Angie’s Pizza Inc. Silas thought to himself, “They have got to do a better job at hiding the name.”
Silas walked in and waved at the employees as he walked into the kitchen, then into the freezer. There wasn’t really a freezer just a satellite facility for API. On a screen in front of him a man appeared. He had dirty blonde hair and even though he had on a suit Silas could tell the man was muscular. His beard had grown longer than usual, but Silas didn’t ask about it he just listened.
“Agent Payback, on tomorrow morning at 8 a.m. you will take a plane to Nebraska. Once you arrive, you will go speak with a seventeen year old boy named David Kent. This young man murdered his mother, brother, and sister before his father knocked him unconscious. This case is unique because there were three others that happened on the same day which were equally as gruesome. The murders are also similar because none of the living murderers remember a thing. Dr. Williams should have given you a folder that gave more details.”
Silas then remembered the second folder. He was so consumed with the folder on his parents that he hadn’t even paid much attention to the other.
“FBI isn’t handling this?”
“As far as they are concerned these are not that important, however, we have a feeling that they may be connected. I want you there to determine if they are. Worst case scenario they are and we find the culprit; best case they are separate and local authorities solve them and we have no worries. Agent Payback do not make waves; we don’t need a lot of static on this understand? Furthermore if you are captured we will not be able to help you in any form. Understood?”
Silas felt betrayed, but reluctantly answered, “Yes sir.” Silas walked out of the freezer and began to walk home. The day was half gone and he had nothing to do. He turned down Webb Ave. and began to make his way to his street. On the corner of his street and Webb was Wayne’s Pit Stop. Silas had a taste for a yoo-hoo.
He entered the door of the convenience store and saw a white man in a jean jacket and sweatpants. His shoes were dirty and well worn. His hair was messy and his five o’clock shadow was scraggly. Silas could smell the man several feet away at the front door. The man was leaning against the counter as if he was having an intimate conversation with Wayne. Silas paid them no attention, instead he walked down the aisle closest to the door. It was the potato chip aisle. Silas examined the chips and looked to see if there were any exotic flavors. He didn’t want any chips, but he never felt right going into a convenience store and just buying one thing and leaving. He felt as if he needed to put up the illusion of true shopping. As Silas walked past the chips he did consider the salt and pepper chips. Silas forced himself to walk past them and to the back wall, which had the drinks. The API agent walked past the beer and finally reached the middle door. Silas grabbed his drink and approached the counter. He looked at Wayne in the face and asked him a question.
“Who you pulling for this season?” Silas asked.
“Don’t know, as long as it ain’t the Rams,” Wayne responded.
Upon hearing this Silas paused for a second and then handed Wayne the money for his drink. He laughed then told Wayne to take care as he walked out. Silas walked to the side of the building and tried to think of how he was going to stop the store robbery.
Wayne was an elderly man who had known Silas and his family since he was a little boy. Once Wayne had gotten up in age, Silas decided to drop in on him from time to time to see how he was. Silas’ father viewed Wayne as a second father. Therefore he felt it his responsibility to look after the man. Silas’ father, Nathaniel, would help the man stock shelves, sweep floors, or even run the cash register as a way of relieving some of the load on the elderly Wayne. Once Nathaniel was dead, Silas continued the pattern laid by his father.
Wayne always said that he felt the Rams stole the big game from the Titans. Mentioning this led Silas to wonder if the store was being robbed. Just before leaving the store, Silas caught a glimpse of the revolver that the man was trying to conceal. Silas made sure to not let on that he had seen the gun.
Silas finished his drink rather quickly and braced himself and went back into the store. The robber was startled, but regained his composure. Silas slowly walked up to the man and examined him closely. The man was becoming nervous because Silas had not said anything; he only looked at the man. Finally Silas broke his silence.
“Why are you doing this?”
“Doing what? I am only talking to Wayne here.”
“Look I’m not stupid; quite frankly I could care less why you are doing what you are doing. I just asked that because it seemed like a cool thing to say at the time. But seriously just please leave Wayne’s store and promise never to come in here again or I will be forced to thrash you.”
The man quickly swung his gun around and fired at Silas. Unfortunately for him, Silas anticipated this and dodged to his right out of the path of the bullet. The bullet shattered the glass in the entrance door. Silas ducked and came up on the left side of the man and landed a hook to the left side of his face. The man fell against the counter and then onto the floor. He hit the floor with such force that he dropped his gun. When Silas went to grab the man, the robber pulled out a concealed knife and cut the left side of his face; Silas fell back in pain. The cut was deep and blood was running profusely. He wiped away as much blood as he could; then Silas returned his look to the robber. The robber was petrified when he saw the cut he made heal instantly and the blood stopped running.
“What are you?” The robber asked.
“You really don’t wanna know,” Silas replied.
Silas then pulled a small metal box out of his pocket and pulled out a sewing needle. The robber was afraid and kept asking what Silas was going to do with the needle. Silas smiled and stuck the needle in the man’s neck the man slowly went to sleep. Silas pulled the needle out and placed it back into the box.
“Wayne, you did not see me. You took care of him yourself, ok?”
Wayne nodded in agreement and amazement. He was half amazed by what he just saw and half amazed because the plan was for Silas to call the police not deal with the situation himself.
Unbeknownst to Silas, Alana was about to go in the store when she saw Silas get cut then seconds later wipe the blood away to reveal the absence of a scar. She was afraid and quickly left. Silas escaped out of the back as the police, whom Wayne had signaled for earlier, arrived.
Once he was at home again. Silas turned on his police scanner to make sure that Wayne had kept up his end of the deal. The plan was that Silas would call the police. However, because of the seriousness of the situation and boredom Silas decided to take care of things himself.
After he had determined that the police were not looking for him, Silas looked at the folder Dr. Williams had given him earlier. He noticed that the folder contained information on four murders. The first one was the done by a young man named David Kent. He stabbed his own brother and smiled the entire time while he did it. The young man was questioned by police and remembered nothing about what he had done. His father disowned him and did not pay for any legal aid. Silas was initially confused, but later chalked it up to rap music. He then got a phone call. He did not recognize the female voice on the other end.
“Who is this?” Silas asked.
“Alana, the girl you made your speech to earlier today.”
“Oh, hey. I didn’t think you were really going to call me.”
“I said I would.”
“Yeah you did. How are you doing about this time?”
“I’m fine. Just grading a few papers and decided to call to ask you if you wanted to go out Friday night?”
Silas thought to himself. He had to leave tomorrow which was Tuesday and go to Nebraska, but he figured he would be back by Friday. So he replied, “Sure, what time would be good for you?”
“I am done at the school at five, so any time after that.”
“How about seven?”
“Seven seems fine; meet me at the coffee shop I was at earlier.”
“Cool.”
“Alright I will see you then.”
“I will see you to then, I mean okay er uh. See ya.”
As Silas hung up the phone he kicked himself for messing up the conversation at the end. He felt it was so easy. All he had to say was see you then. Yet he managed to mess that up. He knew he was out of it when it came to women.
Chapter 3
Silas had been flying for several hours and was ready to get off the plane. He could not be happier when the plane landed and he could finally get off at Fremont Municipal Airport. It was nearly eleven forty-five in the morning on a Tuesday. Silas knew he had to get his job done as quickly as possible. If the US government got wind of what he was doing they would surely swoop in and take over. That was the last thing he needed.
The government knew that API existed and they did not pursue them persistently because API was good at what they did, therefore they allowed them to work and took the credit for what API had done.
Silas learned this on his first solo mission. The job was outside of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. He was tracking a man who had planned to blow up a village that was just outside of the city. A villager had recently found oil under the ground in the area. Silas caught the man and thought the United States would congratulate him.
The result was quite the opposite; the CIA seemed to appear out of nowhere and they were heavily armed. Silas was alone, but he was going to try to go toe to toe with the CIA. He later realized this was not a good idea. He retreated into the city of Kuala Lumpur. Unfortunately the CIA followed and unleashed hell on him. Silas managed to get away with the help of Loretta Payne, Jason Miller and another agent named Teresa McBride. Once he was back in the US, Silas heard claims that the CIA had managed to thwart a terrorist attack outside Kuala Lumpur. To rouse up the emotions of Americans they said that the attack happened on soil in Malaysia that the United States owned.
Once he had returned to North Carolina, Silas was told that API kept their job quiet and acted as vigilantes. Silas knew from that moment forward that he was not to ever cross any of the American acronyms. He would get the job done then he would leave just as quickly as Batman when he was finished speaking to Commissioner Gordon.
Silas walked out of the airport and dialed the number five on his red cell phone. The speed dial on his cell phone automatically called API. Silas recognized the voice on the other end, but he was going to be professional.
“This is Agent Hall, I require badges and clearance.”
“Go to 12 West 23rd Street. There you will meet with Dr. Rollins. She will give you what you need.” The agent then hung up the phone. 
Silas thought to himself that the agents at API could be rude sometimes. He shrugged it off and then looked up and down the street. He realized that Fremont was a really small town. The airport had a few cabs driving around, but there were not nearly as many as there were in London Heathrow or JFK International. Silas eventually managed to hail a cab.
Silas hopped in with a look of urgency on his face. He gave the driver the location in which he wanted to go. The cab slowly moved down the street. The cab was comfortable, but Silas always felt that the back seat of a cab was one of the dirtiest places a person could be. He felt uneasy but did not want to make it obvious. The driver tried to make small talk.
“This your first time in Fremont?”
“Yeah, how did you know?”
The driver didn’t want to say that the reason was because not many black people were in Fremont, instead he replied, “Just making conversation.”
Silas looked at the man and sized him up. The man was a middle aged white male. He had a good grade of hair and was overweight, but solid. Silas could tell that at one point the driver probably worked out regularly.
As Silas examined the cab he realized that he was really in a trusting place. There was no bulletproof glass that separated him and the driver. He noticed that the driver had a gun in between the driver seat and the passenger seat, but after judging the man he came to the conclusion that the man would probably hesitate pulling the trigger on him.
Silas wondered what the driver would do if he just jumped out at a curb and ran off. Silas was really in Middle America. That is what made the murders that happened here so anomalous.
After the cab arrived at the building, Silas got out and told the driver to keep the meter running. Silas looked up at the tall building and went into the front door. The building was made of brick and was run-down. The paint on the walls was peeling. The floors were made of wood, but were warped. Silas stood at the end of a long corridor. He knew he had to go into the last door on the right. He stood and thought to himself, “I hope this is the right building.” He slowly made his way down the hall and the floors creaked with every step he took. Silas arrived at the room labeled Human Resources. He wondered what a dilapidated building like this needed with a human resources office.
He walked in and was amazed at the room. The room was much more organized and clean than the hallway and outside of the building. Silas walked in and was met by a dark-skinned black woman. She wore a lab coat and was full-figured. She wore big glasses and had her hair in box braids. Her lips were shiny as if she had just applied lip-gloss. She looked at Silas and greeted him professionally.
“Agent Hall, welcome. Director Reid spoke to me of your mission and sent me here last night to prepare for your arrival. Here is the badge you will need. Also this is my number should you need to call for any questions. Also this number can be given to anyone who doubts your credentials. You will need to move fast. As of right now the FBI is not on this case, but if it is discovered that we are on this case they will make their presence known.”
“Thank you Dr. Rollins,” Silas said while inspecting the badge and three business cards. 
“Also I have taken the liberty of providing you with a black suit. Dr. Williams gave me your measurements.”
“Thanks,” Silas responded while undressing so he could put on the suit. 
Dr. Rollins turned to do something on her desk while Silas shamelessly changed. Silas had not stopped to wonder if she was comfortable with this until he had begun to change. He figured that if she was offended it was too late now. Once he was fully dressed he asked her where Dave Kent was being held. 
“He is at the police station on North Park Avenue. Also you should know that his father has disowned him and refused to provide a lawyer for him.”
Silas frowned then nodded and left the room. He exited the building and got into the cab.
“North Park Avenue,” Silas commanded. 
“Police station?” the driver questioned.
“Yes I have some business to attend to.”
The driver shrugged and then pulled away from the curb. The man had wondered why Silas wanted to go to the police all of a sudden, but he did not dare ask Silas. He had studied the API agent and realized that in this case it was probably best that he take the man where he wanted to go get his payment and leave. The cab driver thought that the less he knew the safer he would be. Silas was secretive enough and a stranger to these parts; there was no need to anger him with pointless questions and inquiries.
As Silas arrived at the police station he paid the driver and gave him a tip. He looked at the tan colored brick building and began walking up the sidewalk towards the front door. As he entered Silas was met by a black officer. He was surprised because he thought there were no blacks in Nebraska other than himself. Silas entered the front doors with authority. He hoped that doing so would make him look more important. The receptionist looked up amazed as Silas presented his badge to her.
“I’m Kevin Hill, with the Nebraska State Patrol. I am here to speak with David Kent.”
The woman looked at Silas with amazement in her eyes. At the same time Silas could sense that she was judging him. She was wondering what Silas wanted with the murderer child. It was her job to answer phones and things of that nature, she was not a detective, but she couldn’t help but to examine the man who stood before her. At the same time she questioned his reasons for being present. The receptionist picked up the phone and dialed some numbers and spoke to another person.
“I have a Kevin Hill with the state patrol to speak with the killer kid.”
The voice on the other end was silent as they searched the database for a Kevin Hill. As soon as the name came up the voice spoke, “Alright I’m coming to take him back.”
A man opened a door next to the receptionist. He was a muscular white man with blonde hair in a buzz cut. His mustache was neatly trimmed and he commanded authority in the room.
“Hill, follow me.”
Silas followed the man down the hall into a room with a metal table and metal chairs.
“I’m Lieutenant Keller.”
“I’m Kevin Hill with the NSP Major Case Unit.”
“Didn’t think this was a major case. Kid killed his family then said he don’t remember anything else. Seems open and shut,” the man said.
“Yea, this type of thing isn’t common around here. When it happens we feel it needs to be at least looked into.”
The man looked inquisitively at Silas then turned and extended his hand to invite Silas into the room. Silas sat with his back towards the two way mirror. He did not want the men to read his lips when they could no longer hear him.
“I’m gonna go get the kid.”
Silas was happy that Dr. Rollins was able to hack into the State Police database and insert the name Kevin Hill. Silas reached into his pocket and pulled out a small plastic box with a red button on it. He placed it on his lap so it would be concealed. The door opened and Dave Kent was led to a chair across from Silas. Silas looked at the child and noticed the stubble that was trying to grow on his chin. He also saw that Dave’s eyes were puffy and light red; he had been crying. The orange jump suit he wore seemed to hang off of him. Silas looked at Keller and nodded to him. The officer left the room and closed the door. Silas faced David Kent.
“My name is Kevin Hill. I am with the Nebraska State Patrol. I am here to find out just what happened a few days ago. Can you help me understand?”
“I don’t remember killing no one. The last thing I remember, I was playing a video game. The next thing I remember I was here. The police officers say that my momma, Robert, and Monica are dead. They say I killed them. That can’t be true ‘cause I love my family.”
“What do you think happened to them then?”
“I don’t know maybe I am being set up like in them movies, but it can’t be my fault,” he was starting to cry again. This was contrary to how the report said. The report that Dr. Williams had given him said that he had been laughing before his father hit him. His father said that David seemed to be enjoying himself. A man who took joy in murdering his family, was not a man who could cry tears like David was now.
Silas’ finger moved to the button and pushed it. Outside of the room the screen the officers were watching scrambled and the sound went out. Now all they could do was watch in silence through the two-way mirror. No matter what they tried they could not get the electrical equipment to work.
“David, you say the last thing you remember was playing a video game; can you tell me what game it was?”
“Kalimdur’s Revenge.”
“What is that?” Silas asked while making notes of how David looked when he answered and what he said.
David was reluctant to answer. He wanted to go home and did not care about the game he was playing. David wondered why this man wanted to know these things; fortunately for Silas David answered the question. David was afraid not to answer the question, “It’s a game about a medieval badass named Kalimdur, who falls into a magic pool and reappears in Los Raton, a fake city in today’s time. He has to then kill his way through the city and try to find clues on how to get back to his time. It’s like Lord of the Rings mixed with Grand Theft Auto.”
“Sounds like an odd premise.”
“It’s actually is a pretty good game. It had the best graphics of any game WorldTech has released. Only thing is I couldn’t get past level 7. I finally beat it and then I didn’t get a chance to play any further because the game seemed to mess up after that. That’s all I remember. Please can you help me Mr. Hill. I don’t want to be here, I can’t stay here. I’m scared,” David was crying again.
The name WorldTech sparked the interest of Silas. He knew that WorldTech was a cover organization for the Brotherhood of Unity. He was happy to know that his personal task had bled over into his professional. He had all he needed. He figured maybe it was subliminal messages that led Dave to kill. Silas pushed the button again. Sight and sound returned to the room in which the officers were doing their monitoring. Silas stood and thanked Dave for his information.
“Are you going to help me get out of here?”
Silas stood and silently stared at the young man. He knew that even if he proved it was subliminal messaging that led David to kill, David would still be punished. Instead of lying to the child Silas only turned and left the room. Silas went up to the police officers and thanked them.
“This case will not be handled by us. Upon questioning I learned that this may be a matter that this department has the capabilities to handle. I apologize for using up your time. I was sent here to investigate and I will report that this station has the competence to take care of this matter, although I would exercise leniency when dealing with the child.”
The officers said nothing. They only watched as Silas left the building and pulled out his cell phone. Silas then dialed the number five again. The voice that answered asked him a few unnecessary questions. Silas asked to speak with the director. A husky voice came to the phone.
“Hall, what did you learn?”
“The kid was playing a video game called Kalimdur’s Revenge before he murdered his family. That ain’t all; the game is made by WorldTech. I’m thinking subliminal messaging by the Brotherhood.”
“You might be on to something Hall. Go meet with Dr. Rollins she has your tickets you are going to investigate the New Mexico killings next. If it is subliminal messaging try to find out why the Brotherhood would want to do this.”
“Alright.”
Silas had hoped he could go home, but he knew that he probably wouldn’t yet. He called a cab and made his way back to the good doctor. After receiving his tickets, badges, and credentials, Silas went to the Fremont Municipal Airport and boarded a plane destined for New Mexico. It was two thirty-five in the afternoon.
Chapter 4
“I’m telling you he healed himself from a deep knife cut to the face,” Alana yelled to her sister Shelly.
“And I am telling you that you are going crazy,” Shelly responded.
“I know what I saw. I drove up to the store and saw him outside drinking a yoo-hoo. Then as soon as he walked back into the store he was cut in the face. I know what I saw Shelly.”
“I know you think you know, but you have to stop and think about how this sounds. Normal human beings can’t heal themselves.”
“There was blood all over his shirt and on the floor.”
“So if we go to the store now we will see blood?”
“Probably not because they more than likely cleaned it by now.”
“You are stressed and buggin’.”
Alana looked away from her sister and replied, “Maybe I am, but will you at least come to the coffee shop and sit at the next table or something.”
“What if this guy is a crazy serial killer?”
“What kind of serial killer does good Samaritan acts?”
“Dexter.”
“Come on Shelly. Please do this for me. I asked him to meet me at a public place in case he is crazy and if you’re there I’ll feel safer. Will you please come with me?”
Shelly hesitated but reluctantly agreed, “Yea, I can do that, but you have to do something for me.”
“What?”
“You are going with me to help momma this weekend.”
“No, I can’t I have papers to grade.”
“Bring’em with you and I’ll help you grade’em.”
“Why does momma still insist on us helping her with spring cleaning? It ain’t even spring; it’s September.”
“She’s your mother.”
Alana smiled as she thought about how she was going to get Silas to explain himself. She felt she needed to know how it was that he could heal himself so quickly. The truth would come out Friday night she hoped. It was getting dark now. She had to get ready for the next day. She was going to take out her frustrations on her students the next day, before she took her shower she devised a pop quiz. As her sister gathered her things she frowned at her.
“You are wrong to give them a pop quiz because you’re angry.”
“I’m giving them this quiz to make sure they have been reading.”
“Everybody shouldn’t be teaching,” Shelly joked while shutting the door leaving.
Alana ignored her and kept writing.
The plane began to make its descent into Santa Fe, New Mexico. As the jet hit the runway Silas released a sigh of relief. He was happy to be on the ground where he felt humans belonged. If the plane had crashed he would walk away with only minor scratches, due to the testing done on him as an infant, but he still would rather be closer to the ground than the clouds. As he got off the plane with his one bag he quickly pulled out his phone and pushed the number five and ‘send.’
“Agent Hall.”
“Yes.”
“You are to go to the police station tomorrow morning. There you will find Alan Yancey. For now go to Luiz’s Place, a motel at the airport and stay there for the night. Be awake and ready at nine a.m. sharp. We will send a cab to you. Remember the address. Do you understand your mission?”
“Yes.”
The line then went silent and Silas made his way down the sidewalk towards Luiz’s Place, which sat a few blocks past the airport. It had been a few hours since he had left Nebraska. He had boarded his plane a little after leaving Dr. Rollins. She managed to get a flight leaving immediately.
Silas walked into the front door of the motel and noticed the receptionist staring at him. She was a heavy-set Hispanic woman. Her name tag read ‘Rosa’. Her blouse looked too tight for her to be wearing. Her brightly colored bra was a unpleasant treat that shined through her thin blouse.
As she stood to greet Silas the old wood chair in which she sat creaked in relief. She stared at Silas in a manner that let him know she wanted to jump his bones right then and there. He did look rather suave. His black suit concealed his semi-muscular chocolate body and was made to fit him comfortably. He was not fat, but not cut. He was bulky, kind of like a linebacker. His hair was well groomed and neatly edged. His goatee was trimmed so well that it looked as if he had used a ruler to help him cut it. Silas walked up to the counter.
“Hello stranger. You need a room?” Rosa asked.
“Yes I do, but only for one night.”
Rosa smiled and asked, “Will you be needing one bed or two?”
“One.”
“Okay, that will be forty-nine thirty five. You will be in room number 102. It is on this floor just two doors down,” Rosa said while handing Silas a gold key.
“Thank you Rosa,” Silas replied while giving her a credit card that read ‘Kevin Hill.’”
“Will you be needing any other…services, Mr. Hill?”
Silas had caught on to what she was doing and bluntly replied, “Nope.”
“Well if you need anything, anything at all just call for me.”
Silas smiled, nodded and walked away. He unlocked the door to his room and walked in and turned on the light. For it to have been a rinky-dink motel it was surprisingly clean. Silas walked over and sat on the bed. He couldn’t help but to sit and think for a second about Alana. He was surprised that she called him to go out. He figured that she gave him her number to get him to walk away. Silas had not even planned to hear from her again. As his mind drifted it went to a place it always went. The day his parents were killed and the revelations of that day.
Silas remembered sitting in class bored and ready for the school day to end. He’d had a headache all day and his stomach was queasy; he had no idea why either. Silas thought to himself that if he did some work maybe time would go by quicker. He reached into his book bag and grabbed a piece of paper. As he placed the sheet on his desk his thumb slid down the side and he got a paper cut. Silas quickly jumped and shot the thumb into his mouth. As he looked at his thumb he was surprised to see the small cut heal before his eyes. Being surprised Silas quickly yelled, “WHAT IN THE …” Silas caught himself before he cursed. His teacher Mr. Moore shot him a look.
“Mr. Hall is there a problem?” he asked.
“No sir. May I go to the bathroom for a minute?”
Mr. Moore sighed and pointed to the wooden bathroom pass. Silas quickly walked over and grabbed it. Silas left the classroom and turned right towards the stairs that led to the double doors that concealed the bathrooms. He then rushed to the bathroom faster than a lion chasing a gazelle. As he reached the bathroom his nostrils were overwhelmed by cigarette smoke. He never understood how some students constantly got away with smoking in school. Silas ignored that thought and ran to the sink and threw handfuls of water on his face. With his face dripping with water Silas looked at his thumb again. Now not only had his thumb healed it had no scar either. Silas didn’t know what to do. He did not want to think about it.
At lunch that day Silas was eating with his friend Keith. He was not sure whether or not to tell Keith what happened. Silas eventually decided against it thinking it would be too weird. No matter how hard he tried Silas could not forget what had happened to him. He had healed himself.
Since the incident that morning Silas was afraid, but throughout the day Silas began to wonder to what extent he could heal himself. He knew that he would find out later that day. Silas was the second string running back on Northern High School’s football team.
By the end of the day Silas had grown anxious to see what he could do. He was so in thought that he did not even converse with the other players as they changed into their practice uniforms. Silas slowly pulled the navy blue jersey over his head. He grabbed his helmet that was full of skull and crossbones and star stickers and a picture of a Viking on the side and pulled it over his head. Silas pulled on his other pads; then he strolled out of the locker room.
Silas hit the field and knew he was going to get banged up. The coach used Silas a lot when they needed to get some yards against a tough defense which meant Silas was the smash mouth running back while his counterpart starter Adam Hawkins was the teams finesse guy who got all the points after Silas did the hard part.
After stretching and running Silas took his first snap and was hit hard by a defensive lineman. He was banged up, but not hurt. The coaches were angry with Silas because he never cut. Silas always tended to run straight ahead and try to power his way through defenses. The coaches did not like this. Usually Silas got the yards they wanted, but the coaches were just mad because Silas didn’t do it their way.
The second snap came and it was to Silas again. Again he did not cut and was hit hard. This time Silas was slid. The coaches were livid and threatened to bench him if he didn’t cut when they wanted him to. The next snap was to Adam and Silas saw what the coaches wanted him to do. Silas watched in jealousy as Adam took his five foot eleven muscular frame down the field. Adam was cutting and spinning so much he looked like the Tasmanian Devil.
Once Adam got to the end of the field he took his helmet off and pointed to Silas and shook his long dirty blond hair. He then looked up the field towards Silas with his green eyes and said, “That is how it’s done son.” Silas rolled his eyes and turned to prepare for the next snap.
The next play was a play that went directly to Silas. As soon as Silas had the ball he took off running like a racehorse. Up ahead Silas saw a defender; as he approached, Silas spun and got away. The head coach pumped his fist. Silas then saw another defender right in front of him. Silas didn’t have time to spin or cut so he tried to stiff-arm the guy; it worked. Another defensive lineman charged at him. Silas prepared to stiff-arm him as well. Oddly, the player fell back as Silas held his arm out; the guy went down, hard.
Suddenly Silas was stopped by Troy Irvin, a linebacker, who had hit him hard. Silas laid on the ground even after Troy walked away. Silas looked and saw that his arm was bruised; finally he was hurt. Silas looked at his arm as the blackish blue faded away and his natural chocolate skin returned. Silas was amazed and got to his feet to see the guy he stiff-armed still on the ground. As Silas got closer he saw blood all around the guy.  A few minutes later the paramedics arrived and carried the guy, Lloyd Ward, off to the hospital. The head coach turned to Silas and told him to put his pads up and that he was suspended for two games. Silas angrily obeyed and went home to question his parents as to what was going on with him.
Silas ran the entire way to his home and burst into the door with great anger.
“Ma!” Silas yelled, “Dadday!”
“Silas why are you yelling like that what do you want?” Samantha Hall asked.
“Ma something weird is going on with me.”
“It’s probably puberty,” replied Nathan Hall jokingly.
“I was sitting in class today and I went to grab some paper out of my book bag. My thumb slid down the edge and I cut my thumb. You know how when you cut your finger you put it in your mouth for a second. I did that, but when I looked at my thumb again the cut was gone.”
“Maybe it’s still there and you can’t see it,” replied Nathan. 
“That could be it; but explain why in practice today I got hit and my arm was bruised. I looked at my arm, it healed and the discoloring went away. I also accidentally sent Lloyd to the hospital. I tried to stiff-arm him, but I don’t even have that much strength. I tried to stiff-arm another guy and he fell back without me even touching him.”
Samantha Hall had a terrified look on her face and could only reply, “Oh my…I did not think this would happen.”
“What, you didn’t think what would happen?” Silas asked.
Samantha looked at Nathan and the both of them asked Silas to sit down.
Samantha began, “Silas I am not a nurse and your father is not a construction worker. We tell everyone including you that we are so that we won’t have to tell you who we really are. I am a scientist who works for a secret agency called API.”
“API?” Silas asked.
“Agency for the Protection of the Innocent, it is a group of scientist and former spies who thwart large scale attacks on innocent people,” responded Nathan.
“Okay let’s pretend this is believable what does this have to do with me healing?”
“About twenty-two years ago your mother worked on a team with several other scientists on a job called the ‘Guardian Project’. It was a project designed to find a way to increase the immunity and metabolism in humans and their ability to heal from fatal wounds. After a little over three years of work your mother and the others were ready to test the serum. By an unfortunate series of events, you happened to be tested on as a baby.”
“You were testing on babies?”
“No,” Samantha answered. She hesitated knowing that what she would say next would likely make her son angry, “Working for API makes you a target and enemy to many people. When your father and I were young we managed to have our cover blown and you were kidnapped in the process. The man who kidnapped you stole the serum. He was going to test the serum on himself, but he tried it on you first in case it killed him. Before he could replicate it API agents found him and arrested him. You were sick for a while, but you got better and we figured all was well.”
“Well what is happening to me now?”
Silas was quickly snapped out of his trance by a panicked knock at his door. Silas quickly glanced at his watch and saw that the time was three-fifteen Wednesday morning. He had no idea who would be knocking at his door at this time. Silas had only been in New Mexico for a few hours and had only been here once before and even then he made no friends. As Silas contemplated whether or not he should open the door, he thought to himself of how badly he did not want it to be Rosa standing on the other side of the door. Suddenly a frantic voice cried out to Silas.
“Please help me my daughter has been kidnapped,” the voice cried. 
Silas grabbed his gun and quickly opened the door. He faced a woman who was fairly shorter than him, but also fairly older. Her hair was sandy blonde and her eyes were wild and puffy. Her face was drenched in tears and her nose ran profusely.
“What happened?” Silas asked.
“My daughter has been kidnapped. I sent her to the store across the street to get something for me. She has not come back. I went over there and the cashier thinks it is funny. He said that, ‘They took her out to have some fun.’ I have knocked on every door out here and you are the only one to open it up. Please help me.”
“Okay first of all come inside and sit down and tell me everything.”
The woman came in, sat down and explained to him that she had sent her daughter to the convenience store across the street to pick her up some cheese puffs and donuts. She knew that it would not take long. The woman, named Shirley, stated that she went over to see what had taken her daughter so long. When she asked the cashier about it, he pointed down the street and began to laugh about them having fun with her.
“Did he tell you who, ‘they’, were?” Silas asked. 
“No, he just kept laughing. I was going to try to call the police, but the phone is out in my room and my daughter has my cell phone.”
Silas felt that this was suspicious; so he went and picked up his room phone; it was dead. He wondered what was going on. He looked at Shirley who was terrified. Silas wanted to just tell her he couldn’t help. If he did that he could get some sleep and start his day in the morning. Besides he had four murders to investigate that possibly may have ties to a crime syndicate. Why should he help this strange woman whom he just met? Silas thought and then he felt the gun in the belt of his pants. He knew that his job was never over; as an agent for API his job was to protect innocent people at all times. He stood and faced Shirley to tell her of his decision. 
“Ma’am, I can try to get your daughter back, but I will need transportation to find her,” Silas said this while loading his specialty gun which API developed years ago. 
The woman saw the gun and was initially worried. Silas picked up his Stallion .357 with fingerprint safety and screw on suppressor. He then turned to Shirley to see if she would respond to his statement. 
Shirley eventually replied, “You can use my car. Here are my keys please just bring my baby back.”
Silas knew that Shirley was distraught. She had just lent her car to a complete stranger without asking too many questions. At a time like this Silas had no time to try to hotwire a car; so he purposefully played on the woman’s emotions.
“What is your daughter’s name?” he asked.
“Desiree,” Shirley said handing Silas a picture.
Silas took the keys and assured her that he would do everything in his power to do so. After she told him which car was hers, Silas ran out and sped down the road in the direction which Shirley said the cashier pointed. Silas had no idea where he was going he just hoped he would get there in time. 
Chapter 5
In the eleven story New York City WorldTech headquarters, the CEO of the company walked down the hallway with clout in his step. He looked over and saw his secretary.
“Tasha, how is your mother?” Fabian asked.
“She is getting better. The doctors say she will survive,” Tasha replied.
“That is good to hear. If you need anything, just ask and I will do what I can to help.”
“You have done enough already sir. I can never thank you enough for paying for her bills. I would have never been able to do that on my own.” 
“Tasha, you know I have a frugal accountant. If you need a raise or anything just ask me, you don’t have to let her know. Don’t be timid, you are the best secretary I have ever had. I do not want to lose you. I just want you to have more confidence in yourself. Don’t ever be afraid to ask me for help. You will never know if I will help if you never ask. Understand?”
The secretary nodded and smiled her big kool-aid smile.
For some reason as dangerous and ruthless as Taylor Fabian was, he always managed to take care of his secretary. It was something about her. Fabian could not figure out what it was. Usually when he had a secretary as beautiful as Tasha he tried to hump her as soon as possible. Mysteriously he had never tried anything with her. He looked at her as if she were his daughter. He treated Tasha better than he treated his own daughter. For some reason Tasha softened his heart. He chalked it up to the fact that he wasn’t a complete monster. As long as he was nice to Tasha, Taylor felt he could treat the rest of the world like crap. Tasha was his one good deed for each day.
Taylor Fabian reached the end of the hallway on the floor of his office. He looked at the elevator and then out the floor to ceiling window. He looked out into New York. He looked out into his domain, Manhattan. This was his city; no one had more pull or influence in this city than him. Fabian turned and entered his elevator. He pushed a button to go to the basement. After the elevator started its descent from the eleventh floor, the CEO put a key into a private keyhole. A panel opened out of the side of the wall and scanned the CEO’s eyes. The CEO then spoke his name, ‘Taylor Fabian’. The elevator came to a sudden stop and then continued below the basement into a large research facility that was reminiscent of the MIB headquarters. As the doors of the elevator opened, Fabian stepped off and was greeted by many individuals dressed in white lab coats. One of the individuals, a man, approached Fabian.
“Mr. Fabian sir, how are you?”
“How long Dr. Goode?”
“It actually depends.”
“Depends on what? How much time do you need?”
“We need a week.”
“You have two days.”
“We can finish in two days, but the effects will be felt on a far smaller scale.”
“What is the difference between two days and a week?”
“New York City and the entire eastern coast.”
Fabian looked at the doctor intently. He noticed the bags under the doctor’s eyes and the dull look of his usually glowing baldhead. The doctor’s skin normally was a healthy shade, but today he was pale and looked sickly. Fabian had sympathy on him.
“You have a week, but no longer than that understood?” Dr. Goode nodded his head. “Good, API is drawing closer than I like. We need Ace and Atlas to throw them off of our path. Especially since Agent Hall is coming into his own lately. As soon as they are ready, have them occupy API.”
“Yes sir.” 
With that Taylor Fabian entered his elevator and went back upstairs to continue living his multi-billionaire life. He left the building it was now six-fifteen in the morning, a three hour difference from where Silas was at the time. Taylor had been in his office for roughly thirty minutes before he left to tend to some outside business. He knew that his plan had been compromised and that API would eventually find out what he was doing, but he felt as if he had the upper hand as long as they did not know the full plan of what he was doing.
Fabian arrived at a building on East 32nd Street. The building was five stories tall. It was made of brick and had many expensive looking cars parallel parked outside of it. Fabian carried his overweight frame into the front doors of the building. An unnaturally beautiful woman sat at the front desk. She was a brunette with long hair. Her skin was an olive color. She had the face of a girl next door like Katie Holmes, but she had the body and sexiness of Kim Kardashian. Fabian knew who she was and why she was hired. He laughed every time he came to this building and wondered why he had not hired a secretary who would sleep with him like his colleague.
“Chrissy, is he here?” Fabian asked the woman.
“Yes sir, he is on the fourth floor in development with the share holders,” she replied in her school girl voice.
“Thank you Chrissy. You know if you ever want to work for me you can just leave this guy and I will pay you four times what he does, and you get to do all the things you do here.”
As Fabian walked away, Chrissy wished he was telling the truth. She wanted more money, but she knew that she was hired because of her looks not her skills. Her skills as a secretary were poor, but as a sex partner she could have been a porn star. She just didn’t have the heart to be one. Instead she settled for getting paid eighty thousand a year to do nothing all day and have bad sex with a guy she hates three nights a week. It sounded like a fair trade off to her.
Fabian walked into the elevator down the hall and wondered what his employee was doing in development. He knew that one day he would erase this branch of WorldTech, but for now it was making money. The only problem he had with it were the secrets they kept here. He came to deal with that problem today.
Taylor Fabian got off the elevator on the fourth floor. Before him was a long corridor with walls that were made of cinder blocks painted white. He started walking down the hallway and saw the windows of several rooms. In one window a man practiced his shooting. Though he was dressed in all black special ops, it could clearly be seen that he was very muscular. His blonde hair was cut in a buzz cut.
In another room children practiced an obscure form of martial arts. Fabian smiled knowing that many of them would be future killers for the Brotherhood of Unity, hopefully.
As he reached the end of the hall, Fabian saw a large oak door. Taylor saw two guards standing on both sides of the door. Fabian saw the men and they looked at him and stepped aside. Taylor Fabian approached the voice recognition box and spoke his name clearly.
The door unlocked and Fabian walked into the room full of shareholders for WorldTech and The Trooper Corporation (a firearms branch of WorldTech). All of the individuals in the room looked at Fabian in amazement. They all knew who he was legally and illegally. Because of this they feared him. Fabian and the individuals in the room were some of the few people who knew that WorldTech had only one ruler and that was Taylor Fabian. These individuals were there for show and were paid to do work that did not matter. Daniel Trooper, the head of Trooper Corp, spoke to Fabian.
“Mr. Fabian welcome. We were just having a meeting about some new weapons we want to develop.”
“Cut the crap Trooper. I know what you’ve been doing. I know everything. I came here to resolve the issue with you personally before it got further out of hand.”
“Sir I understand your desire to solve personal matters…well…personally, but I have no idea of any quarrels you would have with me or the shareholders.”
“Leaking.”
“Excuse me sir?”
“Trooper Corp has become a hole in a tire.”
“I am not sure I understand what you are speaking of sir.”
“Are you sure? You say you don’t understand, but my intel says that you may know more than you are letting on now. You may not actually be as stupid as you look. Isn’t that right Mr. Ito?”
The very fit Japanese man with thick glasses stumbled for words.
“Mr. Fabian sir, I uh...like Trooper have no idea what you are talking about.”
“Are you sure?”
“No sir, I do not understand.”
“Well it was someone in this room. Since no one will own up to their treachery I will have to do something my parents did to my siblings and I when we were children. Does any of you know what that was?” No one moved so Fabian continued with a story. “Once my sister Valerie broke my mother’s china plate she got as a wedding gift. Naturally Valerie tried to hide it; she hoped that my mother would not find it. Unfortunately for us all she did find it. My mother called all seven of us into the living room. She and my father asked all of us who broke the plate. No one responded; much like you all did today when confronted with this matter here. Do you all know what my mother did?” No one responded, so Fabian continued. “She and my father punished us all.”
Fabian motioned toward the door and the two guards from the door walked into the room. Fabian smiled and turned to leave the room. He whispered his orders to them, laughed and left the room. The guards raised their HK MP7 and shot everyone in the room. As the shots sprang forth, Fabian laughed. He knew who was leaking the information the entire time, but he also knew that the traitor had pressured all of the others to share in his betrayal. He just felt it necessary to kill everyone because he wanted a fresh start. The people he would replace them with needed to have an example of what would happen if they crossed him. Fabian walked down the hall and saw the man dressed in black still practicing his shooting. Fabian felt it weird that he had never seen the guy before, but then again he hired many people he had forgotten about by now.
As Fabian got to the bottom floor he walked past Chrissy. He turned back and jokingly gave her orders.
“Chrissy now that you work for me personally I want you to be at work bright and early tomorrow morning at six am. I was serious about that raise to, but your duties will be the same as they are here. All of them.” Taylor Fabian laughed as he left the building knowing that tomorrow morning he would have that beautiful woman bent over his desk. 
As Fabian left the building his driver had the door opened and the engine running.
“Where to sir?” the man asked.
“Are you hungry Benjamin? I am. I want some Chinese food.”
“Okay sir, right away sir.”
The driver drove Taylor Fabian down the street to a large apartment building. Taylor Fabian stepped out of his limousine and walked up the steps of the brownstone. He rang the bell for apartment 3B. A woman’s voice came on.
“Hello?”
“It’s me, Taylor.”
A few seconds passed before the buzzer sounded and Taylor walked into the door. As he walked towards the elevator his cell phone rang. Fabian cursed to himself when he realized it was his wife. He answered the phone angrily.
“What do you want?”
“I am at the spa and our daughter got into trouble at school. I need for you to go pick her up.”
“I am busy now; take your lazy ass over there and get her yourself.”
His wife took a few seconds to respond. Finally she did, “You are with that Chinese whore aren’t you?”
“What’s it to you?”
“I could take half of your stuff for this Taylor.”
“Try it and I will be a billionaire with a dead wife and daughter.”
“What does she have that I don’t?”
“First of all if you have to ask that you can’t get what she has. Secondly, I need release and you are not exactly here right now. Thirdly, she is just such a freak and you are nothing more than a gold digger with big lips.”
“I wonder why I married you sometimes.” 
“Me to, now I have got business to tend to. Go pick your daughter up.”
The line went dead and Fabian knocked on door 3B. The woman who answered was stunning with her smooth skin, and brown eyes. She must have known Taylor was coming because she wore the sexiest lingerie she owned. Her jet black hair went slightly below her shoulders. She stood in the doorway with an open robe exposing her lingerie. As she smiled Fabian noticed her perfectly straight and white teeth.
“Can I come inside?” Fabian asked.
“Now Taylor, you know I never let you come inside.” 
Fabian laughed at her joke and began kissing her. The two of them kissed all the way into the room. Fabian quickly closed the door. The two of them started undressing as soon as the door was shut. They did not even move to the bedroom. The woman quickly swiped all her things off the coffee table and laid on the table spread eagle. Fabian looked at her and smiled. He laid on top of her and had not stopped once to wonder if his daughter was okay, or if he was hurting his wife.
Chapter 6
Three hours behind Fabian in another time zone, an hour and fifteen minutes had passed since Silas had left Shirley at the motel. At four-thirty in the morning, it was still dark and Silas had hardly gotten any sleep since leaving Nebraska. He was on the roof of a van outside of a red barn. Silas did not know what was going on in the barn, but he had recently heard gunshots; this made him realize that he needed to at least investigate the building. He had driven thirty minutes down the road. He passed a building with a lot of pickups outside parked haphazardly. Silas parked Shirley's car down the road and walked the distance back to the barn.
A large Hispanic man walked out of the barn to smoke a cigarette. As he took his first draw, phlegm bubbled in his throat. He hacked until he had the green stuff in his mouth; he spat it on the ground next to him. Silas shook his head in disgust and then slid down the back of the van, and moved quickly from car to car. The man smoking a cigarette could not see Silas because of the cover of night. Silas was moving so swiftly that he was sure he would be behind the man before he realized it. 
Unfortunately Silas made a mistake; he slid on the ground and hit a car trying to regain his balance. The Hispanic man noticed it and raised his Uzi up and quickly asked who was out there. The man slowly carried his large frame toward the car that had moved. 
As he got to the hood of the car, he quickly dropped to his knees and looked under the car. Before he could realize what was going on he felt a sharp pain in his neck and then it left. He turned to see Silas and then fell out from the poison Silas injected him with on the sewing needle.
“No preocupe a señor; usted no se despertará en unas cinco horas con un dolor de cabeza y no más.”
Silas then walked to the barn and saw a ladder on the side that led to a window near the roof. As Silas walked up to the ladder he saw a building off to the side that looked dilapidated. It looked like it used to be a slaughter house of some sort or maybe a stable for horses. Silas felt drawn to the building. As he stood in the space between the barn and the stable building, Silas contemplated which building she should investigate first. Silas decided to go and look in the stable because he heard something sluggishly moving inside; he approached it slowly. Once he was at the door of the building he noticed it was locked with a brand new lock. He felt this was odd for building as raggedy as this one to have a new shiny padlock on the door.
“Hey," a voice called. "Who are you?”
Silas quickly swung around and saw another Hispanic man. This man was tall and skinny. His black hair was red at the tips and was smoothed back and slick. He held a 9mm semi-automatic pistol aimed directly as Silas' heart. Silas held his hands up high so as to not look menacing. 
“What are you doing out here? The show is in the barn?”
Silas drew from what he had heard from Shirley and this man to form an answer.
“I just wanted to see how the other girls looked. You know if I’m gonna spend my money I want to know if I’m spending on something that will please me.”
“Well look at the brochures we gave y’all.”
“A brochure is nothing when the real thing is in front of you. That just like beating off to a picture of Rosario Dawson when she is in the other room naked. Come on unlock the door I just want to see them for myself.”
The man quickly looked back at the barn, and that was all the time Silas needed. Silas met the man as his gaze returned to him, the API agent pushed his palm up into the man’s chin. The man stumbled back, but he did not fall. The man regained his balance and tried to fire his gun. Silas swung to his left and came up on the man’s left side and struck his jaw with his elbow. Silas spun around and faced the man with his underarm over the man’s wrist and pulled back causing the man to drop his gun. Silas then cupped his hand and hit the man in the throat. The man coughed and gasped for air. The API agent then pricked the Hispanic man in the neck with a needle and the man fell to the ground; he would be unconscious for five hours.
“This is sick; I should kill you for this, but maybe later sweetie.” 
Silas searched the man’s pockets for the keys and unlocked the stable door. Once inside, he turned on a light switch to the left of the door. As light flooded the stable, Silas saw a long line of cages on both sides of him going down the walls. In the cages women were gagged and were chained to post many of them were nude, some were bleeding, and one was passed out.
Once he busted open the cages and took the gags off the women, he asked one of the women what was going on there. The woman was Hispanic and wore nothing more than a bra and underwear. Under different circumstances Silas would have thought she was pretty, but now he only felt sorry for her and the mental anguish she probably had endured. 
“The men in the barn kidnap us and rape us. Then they sell us to whoever pays the most. They beat on us to; please save me.”
Silas ran out of the barn and grabbed a cell phone off of the unconscious man outside. He ran back in and told the woman to call the police and tell them to come. Silas looked around and asked about Desiree and showed her the picture Shirley had given him. 
“They have her in the barn now. She just got here she is the one they are going rape now to show her off,” a nude black woman said. 
Silas turned and ran back towards the barn. He quickly climbed a ladder that led into the building and entered a window that led to the second level of the barn. He was on a walkway that was above the men below that circled the entire top level of the barn. The walkway was the perfect spot for Silas to see what was going on in the pit of horror below. He could see bales of hay stacked up against the back wall. The front door was huge and was cracked open. Silas looked down on the men and saw many of the sick individuals drinking beer and crowded around a table next to the front door. The rest of the men talked amongst themselves while looking at the brochures. They laughed as if they were children in Chuck E. Cheese’s. The things Silas saw below sickened him. He could see blood on the floor next to the table. He laid on his stomach and looked at the activities below.
On the lower level next to the back wall was a panel for the electricity to the building. Silas stayed low and moved slowly along the walkway to the back of the building. He realized once he was above the panel that the only way down from the walkway was at the front of the barn. There were stairs that led down right beside the front door. Silas sighed in despair. He had only one way to get down and he knew it was going to hurt. But first he focused and closed his right hand into a fist and tried to focus on pulling the power lever down.
A large-bellied white man stood with his pants around his ankles. In front of him was Desiree who had her skirt pulled up and her wrist and ankles bound. She was crying and her eyes were puffy. She squirmed and tried to scream, but the gag in her mouth made her screams low and near inaudible. Her nose was bleeding; Silas figured she had put up a fight and the fat man hit her. Her blouse was wrinkled. She kept trying to stand up and run. Every time that she tried the fat man would grab her and laugh. He would then bend her back over the table. The fat, gross, man laughed heavily and Silas could hear the phlegm in his throat. He leaned over and licked Desiree in the face and neck. He then slowly pulled down her underwear. The demented men in the barn howled and cackled like witches. The fat man rubbed his fingers in between Desiree’s legs. Desiree must have known what was about to happen, because she squirmed more than she had before. The fat man seemed to take pleasure in this. He then grabbed his manhood and tugged on it a few times before he tried to insert it.
Suddenly blood splattered all over the wall beside him. The fat white man fell onto the wall and then onto the floor. All the laughing stopped. One of the seated men went over to get a closer look. As soon as he felt for a pulse, death took him. The men looked up to the walkway and saw no one. The lights went out and the men were one by one knocked out or killed. When the lights came on they were all down. Desiree stood and faced Silas as he walked up to her.
“Your mother sent me.”
Silas then cut the rope on her wrists and ankles. She quickly pulled up her underwear and hugged Silas. Silas wondered how old this girl was. He knew she could not be more than fifteen. 
“Is my mama safe?” She asked. 
“Yea, she is at the motel.”
Desiree’s filled with terror. “She is not safe at that motel. They will come for her to.” 
Silas thought for a second and told her to follow him. The two of them quickly ran outside and jumped into Shirley’s car. They sped down the street and towards the rising sun. As they got back to the motel the sun had arisen. Silas hopped out of the car and was running back to his room. He kicked the door in and saw Shirley on her knees crying for her life with Rosa facing her, a gun pointed to her face. Without thinking Silas shot Rosa in the back. As she fell to the ground Silas kicked the gun away. 
Hours later as Silas headed to the Santa Fe Police Department on Camino Entrada, he learned that Rosa was the head of a kidnapping and prostitution ring. The motel was a cover. Women would stay there and go missing. Rosa’s husband, the fat white man, would kidnap the women and sell them to the highest bidder. Business was not great considering they were in the middle of nowhere, but when they did do business it was for large sums. Director Reid fussed at Silas for allowing himself to get involved and possibly draw the FBI to Santa Fe, but he also commended him on protecting innocent people. 
At eleven-fifteen in the morning Silas arrived at the police station. He was supposed to be there earlier, but the powers that be at API reworked his itinerary. This was done to give Silas time to get away from the mess at the motel before the authorities arrived. 
Silas looked at the building and considered questioning Mr. Yancey, but decided against it. Instead he reentered the taxi and told the driver to take him to Avenida Juliana, the former address of Alan and Lori Yancey. 
Silas arrived in the neighborhood and noticed that it was not a rich neighborhood, but it was not the ghetto either. He saw the Yancey household and told the driver to stop. Silas slowly walked up to the driveway and past the two car garage. He noticed that there was a silver Honda Civic in one of the spaces. Silas made his way over to the sidewalk and up to the front door. He rang the bell and waited. Silas knew that there was someone There. The Santa Fe police had finished their investigation. A man was seen killing his neighbors by many different people. When the police stopped him he was covered in blood. What was there to investigate? That was Silas’ job to find out. 
The woman who answered the door looked like a slim version of her sister. Lori’s younger sister, Jasmine, looked just as beautiful as her sister. Her hair was black. She had it pulled into a ponytail. She wore Capri pants and a yellow blouse. She had on no makeup, but she looked stunning enough to be in a movie. From the reports Silas had, he knew that she was only 23 years old. She had just recently graduated from a college in Santa Fe. 
“Hello, I am Kevin Hill with the New Mexico State Police. May I come in and ask you a few questions?”
“Sure,” Jasmine replied without even giving a second thought to whether or not Silas was telling the truth. 
Once Silas entered the house he saw that the house was very clean. There was a white cushioned chair to the left of the front door, which led directly into the living room. The living room was immaculate. There was a coffee table at the center of the room. Old issues of Jet, Ebony, Essence, Popular Mechanics and Black Enterprise sat atop of the table. Beyond the coffee table was a wall that faced the front door. At the end of the wall was an entrance to a hallway. Silas looked around the living room and saw that to the left of the hallway entrance was a love seat and to the right of the coffee table was a large white couch.
A man sat on the couch and he was a bull of a human being. He looked as if he was born to lift weights. The man looked so huge that his ears even looked strong. Jasmine’s husband, Darryl, looked like he could take a bullet to the face and not be fazed.
Silas sat on the cushioned chair near the door and began his line of questioning. Before he could begin Jasmine made sure to introduce her husband.
“Mr. Hill this is my husband, Darryl Lawson.”
“How are you sir?”
Darryl just nodded to indicate that he was okay.
“Mrs. Lawson I am not going to hold you up long so I will just get to the point; did you have any knowledge of your sister and brother-in-law arguing?”
“They seemed happy to me, but I was not here all the time I don’t know about their private life.”
Silas nodded as she answered his questions. Eventually he continued his questions.
“Did Lori tell you about any bad habits that Alan may have had?”
After ten minutes of questioning Darryl was beginning to get suspicious.
“The police have asked a lot of questions already. They have Alan in custody. Why is the state police involved?”
“Although the police have the suspect in custody, we still have no motive for the killings. Mr. Yancey says that he doesn’t remember a thing. We would like to know if he truly does not remember or if he is pushing for a plea of insanity. Quite frankly we just have to get clarity on the matter.”
Silas knew that the police could still handle something like that, but he hoped they bought it. Fortunately they did and Darryl went back to looking at the television.
“Mrs. Lawson did Mr. Yancey have a home office?”
“He was a computer programmer. He has a room of CPU’s and motherboards thrown all over the place that he called an office.”
“May I see it?”
Jasmine hesitated for a minute and nodded indicating that she wanted Silas to follow her. She went down the hallway that was next to the wall Silas saw earlier. Once they had walked down to the end of the hall they reached a stairway. Jasmine led Silas up the steps and to a door marked, ‘Alan’s Dominion’. She opened the door and led him into the room.
“I mean no offence, but I would like to investigate this room in solitude.”
“No offense taken we'll be down stairs.”
Silas was relieved that it had been a week since the murders; the police had let the family into the house to clean up and prepare for the funeral. He was also relieved that Jasmine and Darryl had been so trusting; between them and Shirley he came to the realization that many people are probably too trusting of strangers. Then again no one wants to believe anyone would purposely do them bodily harm.
Silas looked at his watch; it was twelve thirty-one. Silas looked around at the computer covers from all of the top computer companies. The room was covered with wires and different computer programming books. In a corner there was a group of power cords, power strips and extensions cords. Silas put on a pair of latex gloves and began searching the room starting with Alan’s computer desk.
He sat at Alan’s desk and opened the first drawer he reached and saw that the drawer was full of computer disks. He had World of Warcraft, StarCraft, and Age of Empires, all games that Silas had played and loved. The game that caught his interest was one that David Kent had mentioned. It was called Kalimdur’s Revenge. Silas opened the case and saw that the disk was missing. Putting his chin in his right hand, he sat and thought for a few seconds. Silas glared out of the window trying to figure something out. He was deep in thought and wondered if there could be a connection between the murders and this video game.
A light bulb went off in Silas’ head. Then he looked at the computer on Alan’s desk; he pushed the button to open the CD-drive and found the disk. As he restarted the game he saw that the game had been stalled on level seven. Actually Alan had finished level seven, but the game was frozen on the victory screen. Silas tried to see if the game would continue; it wouldn’t.
Meanwhile the door bell to the Yancey household rang again. As Darryl opened the door, he saw a man and a woman dressed in black suits and ties with white shirts.
“I am Agent Roberts,” said the white female with blonde hair pulled back.
“I am Agent Johnson and we are with the FBI. We have come to ask you a few questions about you. You must be Darryl Lawson.”
“I am. That’s funny because a guy from the state police is upstairs in Alan’s office now. I didn’t know that the state police and the FBI are both on this case.”
Agent Roberts pulled out her service pistol and replied, “We aren’t.”
Roberts looked at Johnson and they both immediately knew who was upstairs. Johnson was the only one to say it, “API.” Roberts nodded and then both agents pushed their way past Darryl and slowly made their way up the stairs.  They made sure that they did not make a sound as they went up the stairs. It was times like this that Roberts and Johnson were happy that carpeting was inventing. The sound of their shoes was muffled in the carpet. They knew from what Darryl had whispered to them the room in which Silas was. Johnson stood to the left of the door and Roberts to the right.
Inside the room Silas hung from the window. Before he let go he motioned his hand towards the door and the entire computer table slid across the room and slammed into the door.  Johnson held up three fingers and counted down; once the count was at zero they kicked the door; nothing happened. Johnson and Roberts pushed the door in and slid the desk back. They had arrived in the room just in time to see Silas as he leapt from the window.
Chapter 7
“Dr. Williams there is a call for you. It’s Hall.”
Dr. Alexandra Williams sighed a breath of relief and despair as she walked towards the phone. the took the receiver from the young man holding it and whispered to him to go away. 
“Silas what have you gotten yourself into?” Dr. Williams said this while hearing sirens in the background.
“I was investigating at the Yancey house when the FBI showed up. They came after me; so I jumped out of the second story window, but I’m okay. I took a cab here so I had no way to leave. I stole a car.”
“Whose car did you steal?”
“I think you’re forgetting an important part of that statement Doc, I’m okay.”
“Whose car is it Silas?”
“I have no idea. The first person I saw driving down the street I stopped them and took their car. They didn’t seem that mad though,” Silas responded.
“That’s because you probably had a gun pulled on them.”
“Well…maybe, but we don’t have time to argue about the little stuff, Doc.”
Dr. Williams was angry and amused at the same time. She hated that Silas found ways to get himself into trouble. But she was amused at the ways that he would get out of trouble. He was supposed to go to the station and speak with Alan Yancey; instead he went and spoke to Yancey’s family. Reid would be livid. Williams used to think Silas did these things to piss off the director. She later came to realize that Silas actually thinks he is doing the right thing when he breaks a rule. 
“Silas you do know that stealing a vehicle is against the law?”
“Doc, most of what I do is against the laws of the land. Quite frankly this is the least of my worries. I really need you to get me a way out of here.”
“If you can shake them, tell me and I will send you a chopper.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
Silas drove a 1996 Lincoln Continental as fast as it would go. He could see the three cars following him down Airport Road. Eventually Silas found himself on I-25. All was well until the FBI agents started to shoot at him. Silas could see that only one of the cars was a federal vehicle the others were Santa Fe police. Silas knew that he could not kill them, so he had to just drive fast and hope that he eventually lost them.
Silas sped down the interstate at a mind-boggling speed. He passed cars so fast that they looked like blurs. Silas knew that his pursuers would not waste innocent lives to kill him; he took solace in this. He had to stay close to the civilians on the highway and hope that the FBI agents did not become desperate.
As he drove, Silas looked behind him and grew nervous. He saw a Dodge Charger quickly approaching from the rear. He saw the car pass the police cars. He was amazed that this was what the police were using for an unmarked car. He suddenly remembered that several cities in North Carolina were experimenting with using Chargers as patrol cars.
The driver of the Charger pulled up next to Silas on the left. The passenger window went down and a pistol was raised. Silas ducked and slammed on the brakes as bullets sprang out in front of the car. Silas slammed his foot onto the gas and sped up. This time he had his own gun in hand. He hoped he wouldn’t have to shoot, but he was expecting to do so. 
Once he had caught up to the white Charger, Silas smiled and turned his wheel counterclockwise and hit the side of the car. The driver was not happy about the dent on the passenger side; he was more pissed about the one on the driver’s side once he slid against the concrete partition. The driver swung his wheel clockwise and hit Silas and sent him over into the far right lane of the four lane highway. 
The driver pulled his gun back up and fired a couple of times in Silas’ direction. Silas was amazed because there were other cars on the interstate at the time. The shooter could have easily hit one of them. Silas pulled up his gun and shot out the front right tire of the Charger. He then got back into the lane next to the car and hit the side of the car again. The car hit the partition again, but this time the back end swung around and the car flipped over. Silas hated doing that, but it seemed like the only choice he had.
Behind him shots tore through the air. He had just broken up a prostitution ring not twenty four hours ago; now FBI agents and Santa Fe police were trying to kill him because he didn’t have an official badge to fight crime. Silas thought this was total and utter BS. 
Silas weaved between cars at speeds that were dangerous. He knew that the more dangerous this chase became the more the FBI would become conservative. They would not risk putting an API agent in a tight corner; if they did they would put themselves at a disadvantage. They were always amazed at how API seemed to remain out of their grasps; it was something they just could not understand. Then again there were quite a few things they did not understand about API, like why API did all the work they did and willingly turned over credit to the US government. The government took the credit, but still had a deep desire to put away everyone in API, especially Silas, Dr. Williams, Silas’ best friend Jason Miller and Director Reid. Silas was not planning on getting captured today. The only way to ensure that he was not caught was to add to his list of crimes which already included extortion, first and second degree murder, manslaughter, robbery, grand theft auto, larceny and a laundry list of other things.
Once Silas had gained a considerable amount of space between him and his pursuers, he began looking for an exit. Once he found one he hopped off the highway quickly. He was on Water Street and was quickly speeding down the semi-busy road. Soon he realized that traveling off the highway at high speeds was probably not a good idea. As he approached an intersection he saw that the light was yellow. He was roughly ten seconds away. By now the cops were behind him again. Silas tried to push the gas pedal through the floor. The car engine revved as high as it could. The cars behind him were right on him. This was the reason Silas regretted the city streets. He thought that he would ditch the car and hide away until he could escape. Instead his movement was slowed and he encountered many more drivers. 
Silas reached the intersection and barreled through it as a city bus came through. Silas had to maneuver just right to miss the bus. The car closest to him was not as brave and immediately slammed on the brakes. The bus had stopped soon after Silas had passed through. Although the first car chasing him hit the brakes they still managed to hit the side of the bus tearing a hole into the driver’s side of the bus. The passenger in the car was not wearing a seat belt and shot through the front windshield. The other cars were lucky enough to be able to stop. Agent Johnson was in the second car and got out and expressed his anger.
“Damn it. When I find him I am going to put a bullet through his head.”
Though Silas had managed to shake some of his pursuers off he was not out of the woods yet. Silas still had two police cars that came to join the fun. He had now turned down a two-lane one way street. He smashed the brakes and sat and thought as the police cars charged down the road. Silas pulled the gear lever to reverse, placed his right arm over the passenger seat head rest and pushed the gas pedal down. The tires squealed as the car lurched back. The police cars were not expecting him to do this. They stopped and tried to reverse themselves.
As Silas drove the wrong way in the left lane, the police cars pulled into the right lane and stopped traffic. The cars that were going to go down the road saw Silas speeding the wrong way and pulled over into the right lane as well. 
The police pulled their guns and began firing at the stolen vehicle. Silas ducked and turned the wheel to skim the cars, which forced the officers to dive out of the way. As Silas hit the main street again the front end of the car spun to the left. Silas pulled the lever down to drive and pulled off again. 
About ten minutes later Agent Johnson and Agent Roberts arrived at a house on Cabeza Drive. The house was a two story brick home. Outside there was a Caucasian family tied to a tree. The two FBI agents went to tend to them as several police officers slowly walked towards the Lincoln that had been crashed into the garage.  
Once the gags were off the family quickly yelled for the officers to stop and turn back. Unfortunately, it was too late. The car exploded igniting the garage. Fortunately, there was more damage done to the house than the officers. Silas was sure that the blast would be small. He was amazed by his work as he swiftly made his way from across the street and got into a police cruiser and sped off.o late.
All of a sudden all of the remaining vehicles exploded in unison. Agent Roberts cursed like a sailor. Agent Johnson just stood in silence, he knew that they had been gotten by API again. There were no curse words to express how Johnson felt. 
Later Silas called Dr. Williams and she sent a chopper to take him back to North Carolina. Once Silas looked at the time and saw that it was seven-thirty in New Mexico. He looked up, not at anything in particular just in thought; he then figured that in North Carolina it was nine-thirty. It would take several hours to get there by helicopter. Silas decided that he would get some sleep in the chopper. 
“Hey Giddy,” Silas said to the pilot named Gideon, “You need someone to keep you awake or can I go to sleep?” 
“I’ll be fine.”
Silas was relieved and slowly drifted off to sleep.
“Silaaas,” a familiar voice called. 
“Huh,” replied Silas. 
As Silas opened his eyes he saw his mother sitting next to him on the chopper. He was amazed considering she had been dead for the last six years. Silas forced himself to stare at her and try to understand what was going on. 
“Ma?” he finally cried.
“Yea, Silas it’s me.”
“And me,” said his father who sat on the other side of him. 
“Pops,” Silas replied, “What are you guys doing here?”
“That is what we should be asking you,” said Nathaniel Hall.
“I just finished a mission in New Mexico; I’m going home.”
“We aren’t talking about that SySy; we are talking about in life. What are you doing with your life?” Samantha Hall asked.
“I’m doing the work you two did. I work for API, I’m saving the world.”
Nathan Hall laughed and then replied, “How do you expect to save the world and you couldn’t even save me and your mother? For six years you have worked for API and not once did you consider us. I’m beginning to wonder if you even cared son.”
“I did care, I do care. I…I have a lot of work to do. A lot of people depend on me, I can’t let them down.”
“So you let us down instead SySy?” Samantha said calling Silas by a name she hadn’t called him since he was a small child.
“I didn’t mean to let you down mama,” Silas couldn’t control the tears flowing from his eyes.
“It doesn’t seem like you didn’t mean to let me down. For six years you managed to travel the world and have a grand ole’ time, while your mama and daddy turn in their graves.”
Silas hated having this dream. He'd had it so many times and yet it still bothered him every time. In the dream he was always unable to wake up and escape the guilt he felt over his parents’ murder and his inability to catch the man responsible. 
“Mama I am so sorry. I swear I have tried as hard as I could.”
“Then I guess you truly are sorry. If what we have seen is the best you can do, then you are sorry. I guess Taylor Fabian will never be brought to justice,” Nathaniel said.
“I’ll get him this time. I’m on a trail that leads to him. I promise I will catch him. Please believe in me again,” Silas was crying profusely; he could not stop crying no matter what he did. 
“What about Jade? She died not knowing the truth of her parents. You drove her away Silas. You failed me, you failed your mother and now you have failed Jade. You will never be worthy of love or friendship until you release the monster and do what you know you have to do.”
Silas knew what his father was talking about. For the past few years he had felt a well of emotion build in him quite often; Doc and Jason were the only ones he had told about it. Doc told him it was psionic energy and said that he could cause a great deal of damage if he ever let go. She helped him keep it in check with certain exercises that kept him from releasing. Although Silas was always able to contain it, he often worried what would happen if he lost control of it. 
“I can’t,” Silas whispered. 
“You must if you will avenge us,” yelled Samantha, “RELEASE.”
“I CAN’T,” Silas yelled snapping himself awake. 
“You okay?” Giddy asked.
Silas only nodded, but he wondered for how long.
Chapter 8
Once he arrived home, Silas felt like a weight had been placed on his shoulders. Not only did he have to figure out the connection of the four murderers, he also had to find a way to rid himself of the guilt he felt over his parents’ murder. Silas felt shaken up every time he had the dream of his parents. He could heal from a bullet through the neck, but this wound was too large for him to heal. He knew that it would take time.
As the helicopter landed Silas unbuckled his belt and slowly exited the chopper. On the pad Dr. Williams was already waiting for him. Silas knew he was in trouble. As Giddy turned the chopper off, Silas just looked away from Dr. Williams and into the distance. Here he stood in the middle of a field. He looked out and saw nothing but tobacco fields and trees. To the left of him was a highway; interstate 85 to be exact. Silas turned back towards Dr. Williams who had now begun to watch the chopper. The pad, of which Dr. Williams and Silas had stepped off, was now being lowered into the ground. Silas was amazed that under this field was seven stories of building. He always wondered how they constructed it without garnering too much attention from the authorities. It was a question that he felt would be best left unanswered.
“How mad is he?” Silas said to Dr. Williams, whom he called ‘Doc’. 
“Extremely; why didn’t you just go to the station?”
“I didn’t feel like it was what I was supposed to do. Don’t you ever get a hunch about something?”
“Yes, but I still manage to follow orders,” Doc said while walking to a spot in the field and lifting a hidden hatch in the ground. Silas followed and the two of them continued as they were lowered into API headquarters. 
“If I were to follow every order Reid gave me I would not be as efficient as I am.”
The two of them jolted a second as the elevator lowered them further underground. Silas paid little attention to Doc. Instead he watched as the glass elevator lowered them into the heart of API headquarters. Silas immediately spotted a recently bearded white man. His suit was black with gray stripes. He was tense and on edge. His blonde hair was beginning to fade to gray in places. His beard was filling out, kind of like a mountain man. Silas was amazed that Director Reid had allowed his beard to grow that long. The man usually was not into long beards. Silas braced himself for the thunderous voice that was about to bombard his ears. At this moment Silas realized that he had completely tuned out Doc. 
Silas stepped off of the elevator into the wide room that was made warehouse style with steel beams used as supports. The ceiling had steel beams as supports and wooden beams as well. Silas had no idea why the wooden ones were used. Desks lined the area in front of the elevator and followed the middle of the room all the way to the back wall. The back wall was painted white and had two hallways, one on the left and one on the right. Also against the wall was a winding metal staircase that led to Reid’s office. His office had a white wall in the back and glass walls on the side. 
All of the desks were full of pencil pushers who wished they could be in the field like Silas, Jason and Loretta. Now was one of the times they were pleased with their jobs. They did not want to be in Reid’s line of fire. 
“Who in the hell do you think you are?” Reid yelled at Silas.
“I am Agent Silas…” as Silas began Reid cut him off.
“I know who the hell you are you smart ass.”
“I know you are mad Reid.”
“Mad? I am passed mad, I am passed pissed. How I feel right now can’t be described in the English language. You deliberately disobeyed a direct order.”
“I felt like going to the house was the more efficient thing to do.”
“More efficient thing to do? In doing that, you stole a civilian vehicle and blew it up, put a police officer in the hospital and totaled his thirty thousand dollar car. You led a high speed chase through a city and led a police car to hit a bus. One of the officers in that car flew through the windshield and is now in intensive care. You blew up a civilian’s garage and a federal vehicle and five Santa Fe police cars. You kidnapped a family at gunpoint and tied them to a tree. Not to mention your little stunt breaking up the prostitution ring which brought the FBI to Santa Fe in the first place. Hall, is this what you call efficient?”
“As a matter of fact I do. We are called Agency for the Protection of the Innocent. When that woman came to my door, I could not turn her away. That would have been wrong. How could I have? I’m sorry I got the attention of the FBI, but the alternative was far worse. That prostitution ring would have gone on for God knows how long.”
“Okay, I accept that. That still does not justify the fact that you disobeyed me when I told you to question Alan Yancey.”
“And what would we have learned? The Santa Fe police found him covered in blood with both murder weapons. He got to the police station and remembered nothing. What else was I supposed to find out? I was doing my job Reid. I did my job, there were problems, but as long as we're considered criminals and vigilantes by the US government, we always run the risk of danger knowing us on a first name basis.”
Reid looked at Silas a while and with an angry sigh, turned and stormed off. He knew that Silas was right. API was a criminal organization according to the law. They would never escape that fact; the best thing for them to do was to focus on doing their job efficiently and try to stay as far away from trouble as possible. 
“You always have to cause waves don’t you Hall,” said Payne. 
“Payne, you know that I do the best job I can do. Reid knows that and so do you. The both of you always play like I’m so horrible, but you know that I’m the best here.”
“Hmm,” she replied as she walked off. 
As she walked away Silas couldn’t help but to notice the way she carried herself. She was more than ten years older than him, but Silas always thought that Payne was cute in a sexy, trained-killer, teacher kind of way. Her chocolate skin looked like it was as smooth as silk. Her voice was authoritative and mothering at the same time. Silas feared her in the beginning, but eventually came to respect her. He hoped that one day she would view him as a co-worker and not a pupil. Days like today did not help his chances. 
“Boy I heard you blew up a thirty thousand dollar car,” a voice said behind Silas. 
Silas turned to see a man who was twenty-four, but looked eighteen. He stood slightly taller than Silas at six foot two. He was also slimmer at one hundred and eighty pounds compared to Silas’ two fifteen. His complexion was fairly lighter than Silas’ as well. Jason and Silas had begun training together a little over six years ago. Since then the two of them had been best friends. They are API’s best agents next to Payne, but for some reason when they got together on a mission bad things happened. Silas was already trigger-happy, but when Jason was around it seemed as if he became more laid back and nonchalant; that was not the attitude to have in the field, it led to more deaths. After nearly blowing up an entire neighborhood to catch one man API realized that maybe Jason and Silas should not be together on a mission. For that reason API kept them apart in the field. 
“Don’t want to talk about it J.”
“I do,” Jason decided to try to embarrass Silas; so as he continued he began to speak louder so that everyone in the immediate vicinity could hear, “I thought we vowed to stand by each other’s side through sickness and health and not keep secrets from each other as long as we both lived.” Jason yelled this while grabbing Silas’ hand and softly caressing it. 
Silas twisted up his face and jerked his hand away from Jason, who by now had amused himself by making Silas uncomfortable. He then laughed because for some reason he could never be mad at Jason. Jason was always there for him and he was always there for Jason. 
“I’ve been investigating murders in Nebraska, Vermont, New Mexico, and Washington,” Silas began seriously.
“Are they connected?” Jason asked now as serious as Silas.
“I don’t know; that’s what I was trying to figure out.”
The two of them walked to the back wall and made a left at Reid’s office steps. They went to the end of the wall and journeyed down the hallway that was there. Along the hallway walls were many bulletproof glass rooms. Individuals in lab coats were in the rooms conducting several tests. 
“I thought they could have all been coincidental, except for the fact that even though they were in different time zones the murders all happened on the same day.”
“That still don’t sound like it puts that case in our jurisdiction.”
“Yeah, but it ain’t everyday that a person stops living their normal life and just kills everybody around for a few minutes and then don’t remember a thing later. It seems like they may not have anything to do with each other, but I think they do.”
“Why is that?”
Silas turned and opened a door to his right. The door led to an office that had white walls and a white computer desk and a white computer. As a matter of fact the man sitting in the room was a white man. He was fairly young; perhaps younger than Silas. He had a fancy expensive haircut and had his feet propped on his desk. Dr. Xavier was probably the most arrogant computer guy in all of API. The bad thing was he had every right to be arrogant. 
Silas walked up to his desk and handed him the disk he got from Alan Yancey’s house. 
“Dr. Xavier I need for you to test this disk. Break it down and tell me if there is subliminal messaging on it; if you can please pay close attention to level seven.”
Dr. Xavier took the disk from Silas and analyzed it before he responded. “Kalimdur’s Revenge, I’ve heard of this game. Sy you know it is made by WorldTech?”
“Yeah that game is the only thing so far that I have that ties the murders in Nebraska to the ones in New Mexico. Can you analyze it?”
“Did the Intel 80386 CPU chip with 32-bit architecture and paging capabilities revolutionize personal computers?”
Silas and Jason stood with blank looks on their faces. On the inside they understood that the nerd was trying to be funny. He knew that neither Silas nor Jason could fully comprehend what he was saying. On the inside Dr. Xavier took pleasure in this. 
“Yeah I can analyze it,” Dr. Xavier responded.
“Thanks,” Jason said back angrily. 
Silas and Jason began walking down the hall again and came upon two large swinging double doors. Jason pushed the doors open and the two men walked into the cafeteria. Silas was hungry; Jason just wanted more details of the trouble Silas had gotten into without him.
Silas picked up his food. He picked up a steak and cheese chipotle hoagie sandwich, original potato chips and a twenty ounce Sierra Mist. Jason grabbed a Pepsi and followed Silas to his table. 
“You still didn’t answer my question did you or did you not destroy a thirty thousand dollar eclipse?”
Silas took a large bit of his sandwich and just laughed.  It was nine-thirty on a Wednesday night and he was glad he had made it back before Friday.
On the following morning, in New York a woman, who was dressed in a sleeveless green leaf print dress that flowed down to just below her knees, walked into the police station near her home. She wore shades and a fur coat, even though she needed neither. She looked like she could have once been a model, although she was getting older. Her lips were full, her breast were round and perky, her butt was tight, and her legs traveled to the sky. The world’s best surgeons and lots of money had been good to her. 
Once she walked into the station many of the officers took a double take. She looked around the room and spotted the receptionist. He was a man who was named Larry Robinson. He was fair skinned with brunette hair and green eyes that he could not take off of Bethany Fabian. As Taylor Fabian’s wife walked up to him he was mesmerized. She passed many cops and seemed to be walking right into Larry’s dreams. Larry was so into his daydream about Bethany that he had not realized she was now trying to get his attention. 
“Excuse me sir,” she said.
“Huh, oh yes ma’am how may I help you?”
“I had an appointment to meet a man here named Joo-Chan Pak.”
Larry looked down at a calendar that was on his desk. Then he turned to the computer and began typing away a mile a minute. He looked up at Bethany and she smiled at him before he dropped his head back down again. Larry stopped typing and looked back at her. He returned his focus to the computer one more time before pushing his chair back and walking around the table to join Bethany Fabian. He looked at her in her hazel eyes and extended his right hand saying, “Right this way ma’am.” 
She followed behind him to a room that was at the beginning of a hallway next to Larry’s desk. Larry opened the door and walked Bethany into the office. Larry turned to walk away, but turned his head back and looked at Bethany sit down to get one more glance at her. Once he realized that she was watching him he looked down at the floor and stuck his hand into his pocket as if he had lost something. Bethany couldn’t help but to giggle. 
As Larry shut the door Bethany turned to face the Korean man sitting at the desk across from her. This was his temporary office. Bethany Fabian agreed that she would only talk if she felt comfortable. She had come to this police station to tell what it was that Taylor Fabian was planning. She once was friends with the captain. The captain had arranged for Agent Pak to meet with Bethany today. She looked at the man and noticed that his hair was beginning to leave him. It was jet black in places in other places it was beginning to gray. 
“Where is Captain Mathers?” Bethany began.
“He stepped out to get deal with some matters. He should be returning shortly. Would you like to wait until he returns to begin?”
“Agent Pak, are you sure the FBI can protect me and my daughter if I tell you this?” Bethany asked.
“Mrs. Fabian, I assure you that you will have nothing to worry about. We have a great desire to capture Taylor Fabian. With your statement here today we will be able to put him away for a long time. We don’t want to ruin that. We will protect you, “Agent Pak replied.
“Okay, well where should we begin?”
“Let’s start from the beginning. Tell me are the recent murders in Nebraska, New Mexico, Washington, and Vermont tied together.”
“They are and they mean more than you think they do.”
“How so?”
As Bethany gave up her husband, a Jamaican hot dog vendor pulled his cart in the front door. He had long dreads that flowed to his lower back. His clothes smelled as if they had not been washed in days. He was a dirty individual in general. His face was scarred; they were all old scars he got on the island. Several police officers approached him to find out what was wrong with him.
“Sir you cannot bring that cart in here,” one officer said. 
“I can’t leave dis’ outside,” the vendor said in a heavy Jamaican accent. 
“Well you can’t leave it in here,” Larry chimed in. 
“I tell nuting to you over deer,” the vendor said to Larry. Larry laughed as the officers tried to calm the Jamaican down. In the commotion the hot dog cart turned over and all the buns, wieners, and condiments wasted onto the floor of the police station. The Jamaican began to yell about his cousin helping him to clean it up. 
“I will go git Claude, my muders sister’s son, to help me clean dis 'ere. Just you wait ‘ere,” with that the Jamaican left the station to get his cousin.
The first officer to speak to the vendor was not amused, but just wanted to get the mess cleaned up. He didn’t even bother sending anyone after the Jamaican. Why would he; the man said that he was just going to get his cousin so they could clean their mess up. The officer sent for a janitor to come and clean up the mess. 
As soon as the janitor got there and began to clean, an explosion which could be heard from several blocks away went off. The police station was engulfed in flames. Two men entered the building with machine guns and fire proof suits. They walked into the station and into the office where FBI agent Pak and Bethany Fabian were and checked to see if they were dead; they were. The Jamaican pulled out a grenade and pulled the pin and set in on the table. He and his cousin Claude ran out of the station and were just far enough away that the grenade didn’t affect them too much. Their job was done. Claude pulled out his cell phone and called his boss to let him know it was done. The Jamaican and Claude disappeared into an alley. Across the street from the station Taylor Fabian sat in his car with his driver, Benjamin. Taylor commented to Benjamin on what was going on. 
“I told her that it was not in her best interest to cross me when I have a job to do,” Taylor said this almost as if what happened had been a something of which he had no knowledge. The truth was quite the contrary he knew what had happened, but felt forced almost as if he had no choice but to order the murder of his wife. For the first time in a long time Taylor felt sad about his wife. He knew he needed to be cheered up. “Benjamin, I wanted some Chinese food today, but I think now I want something different; let’s try some good ole’ American food.”
“Yes sir, should I call Mrs. Pickens?”
“No, she likes it when I surprise her.”
Part Two: The Plot Thickens
Chapter 9
Silas looked down at his watch; it read six fifty two. Silas wondered if he was looking overly anxious by being early. He had been at the coffee shop for thirty minutes. He had come early because he didn’t want to risk being late. He had on his best shirt, which was a blue, black, and white striped long sleeve shirt that buttoned all the way down the front. Silas wore jeans that he had just bought that day. He had on a pair of expensive shoes he had borrowed from Jason. Silas didn’t go out much so he owned mainly sweatpants, old baggy jeans, and polo shirts. His heart was beating a mile a minute. 
Silas had managed to push the news he had gotten that morning out of his head. He had learned that the day before, Bethany Fabian had been killed in an explosion in New York. It was odd because Silas was just beginning to think the Brotherhood of Unity and Taylor Fabian had something to do with the recent murders. Silas knew that in the morning he would be heading to New York to speak with some friends, but for now he wanted to focus on his date. 
Silas glanced at his watch again; this time it read six fifty-nine. As he looked up from his watch towards the door, Silas saw a young woman who looked a lot like Alana entered the coffee shop; she walked in and sat at the table behind Silas. Silas looked back at the door again and saw her. She was the picture of all that was beauty. Alana’s hair had been freshly done. As she walked in the door her bright smile lit up the room. Silas was amazed that she could get more beautiful than she had been the other day. He looked at her in her black skin tight jeans, white blouse and black high heel shoes and noticed that her physique was that of a person who used to run track or play basketball. Silas walked to her side of the table and pulled her chair out. As she sat he pushed it back.
“I am glad you called me the other day,” Silas began.
“I told you I would.”
Silas smiled and ran through a hundred things to say. He had been all over the world and managed to outsmart terrorist and mad scientist and yet here he was in front of a middle school teacher nervous. He tried to think of something to say, but he was drawing a blank. Silas was relieved when she spoke.
“Do you come to this shop much?”
“Actually this is my first time actually coming inside of here. I pass by it a lot though. How about you; you come here often?”
“Yea, I love coffee. This place has the best coffee in town.”
“That is good to know I’ll have to come here more often.”
“Hmm.”
“What?”
“Nothing. You know what I do for a living, but I have no idea what you do.”
Silas thought for a minute about what he should say. He could have told her of his job at API, but even if he could tell her that, would she believe him? He could have told her about his job as a janitor or private investigator. He decided to test the waters.
“I'm a janitor.”
“Really, where at?”
“Jordan and Sons Law Firm.”
“Is that the building over on Fifth?”
“Yes it is.”
Silas and Alana had both ordered a chicken Caesar salad. Silas had finally managed to warm up and was not as much as on edge as he originally was. He had begun to become more laid back, so much so that he was able to crack a few jokes that made her laugh a little. Silas was on a roll, he could not be stopped he knew he would most definitely be on a second date until about after forty minutes after the date began. 
“Silas, I am not going to keep you long I just want to know what you are.”
“What do you mean? I’m a human,” Silas said with a high inflection. 
“I mean what are you?”
“Is it the janitor thing, you don’t want to date a janitor.”
“No it is not the janitor thing. On Monday when you went to the convenience store I saw you.”
Silas was terrified, “You saw me? Why didn’t you speak?”
“Silas!”
“Okay, I will tell you everything, but as long as the woman behind me is listening in to this conversation I will not say a thing.”
Alana was amazed. She hadn’t even thought too much about Shelly being there, yet Silas knew the entire time. He wanted to see what was going on. Silas wondered why this mysterious woman was listening in to his date; later after Alana’s questioning Silas learned that the woman behind him had been brought as a witness for Alana. 
Alana nodded at Shelly letting her know that everything would be okay. Shelly was not satisfied. She marched up to the table and stared at Silas directly in the eye. 
“If I sense that things are going awry I will have the police here so fast it will make your head spin.”
Silas only laughed a little and responded, “I am not going to harm her. I only want to fully explain everything so that she won’t remain in the dark.”
Shelly turned and stormed toward the door. She turned at the door and Silas could see that she looked like a stouter, older version of Alana. She put her index and middle finger to her eyes and then pointed them to Silas. Silas smiled and gave her a thumbs up; then he returned his gaze to Alana. 
“I guess I should start explaining.”
“I would like it. You can start at the part where you healed. How did you do that?”
Silas hesitated and looked around the restaurant and then back to Alana.
“Well?” Alana asked.
“I-I’m not like other people. Because of things done to me as a baby I have the ability to do things regular people can’t do.”
“Meaning what?”
“My metabolism and immunity have been enhanced…a lot. What would take a normal person to a week to heal from; it takes me a day or shorter; sometimes even minutes. I am virtually immune to every disease and poison currently known to man and all of my bodily functions have been elevated to the peak level of human efficiency. So that means that technically I am faster, stronger, and more durable than any living human right now. A side effect that was unforeseen on the part of my mother was telekinesis.”
“You have telekinesis?”
“Well I’m not fond of that word so I call it gravity manipulation. My bosses explained that in repairing my body the stuff inside me unlocked and enhanced certain functions of my brain such as telekinesis.”
“Prove it.”
Silas looked around and then looked at the salt shaker on the table. He glanced up at Alana who was still staring at him. Silas looked back at the salt shaker and placed his right hand on his chin. He laid his left arm on the table and extended his index and middle finger. Ever so lightly he twitched them and the salt shaker slid what looked to have been at least six inches over.
Alana sat looking at Silas with a blank look on her face. Normally she would have thought he was crazy, but after she saw him heal from the wound days earlier she believed anything was possible. 
“How is this possible?” she asked.
Silas explained to her who his mother and father were and who API was. He spoke of the day his parents were murdered and how he learned the truth of what was happening to him. He began to slow down when he got to the part about his parents' murder.
“I begged my parents to explain to me what was going on. They spoke slowly, but eventually told me that once my mother created the guardian serum, it was stolen from her and I was kidnapped. The man who was responsible injected me thinking that if I died it wouldn’t mean too much. Before he could tell if the serum worked API agents found him and killed him. After that my mother decided to never try to recreate the serum."
Alana hung on Silas' every word.
"When I was eighteen I found out from my parents what had happened to me. Shortly after, there was an explosion at the front of the house. My parents were injured in the explosion."
"What had happened?" Alana asked not waiting for Silas to continue.
"A man came into the house and shot and killed them both in front of me and then he shot me in the chest. Two days later I awoke in API HQ. I learned what had happened and vowed to work for them until I found who killed my parents and why.”
Alana looked as if she was struggling to take in all of the information Silas was presenting to her. Several minutes went by as the two of them sat at the table in silence. Neither of them was sure of what to say to the other. 
“So you're essentially a black, American James Bond.”
“Not really. API is not funded by the United States government therefore ninety percent of what we do is a federal offence. Unlike James Bond, who worked for MI6, I do not adhere to any laws except my own. My job is to stop terrorism at all costs no matter the consequences, which means I cannot do my job successfully and operate within the law simultaneously.”
Silas sat and thought to himself for a minute. He had a question that he wanted answered. He only had to think of the proper way to word it.
“Alana, how did you know that I wasn’t a serial killer?”
“I didn’t that is why I picked this public place, and brought my sister. I figured if you tried anything all of these people would be my witnesses. I also agreed to meet you here so you wouldn’t know where I lived. You know I’m a teacher, but that could have been a lie and also you don’t know if I told you my true name.”
“Is ‘Alana’ really your name?”
“Yes, it is.”
“Clever, but still dangerous.”
“It is no more dangerous than going on a date with anyone else.”
“Yes, but questioning me is what was dangerous.”
Alana sat and thought to herself. “Yes I guess it was dangerous.”
Silas laughed and went to pay the bill and offered to walk Alana home. Alana was intrigued by Silas’ job; she wanted to know more.
“So you have this job where you get to stop terrorism all over the world. I know you have been into some countries that are hostile and in some hostile situations. Have you ever had to shoot someone?”
Silas thought for a second before he responded, “Unfortunately, I have had to shoot someone before. I have shot more people than you or I can count. I have blown up houses, stolen cars, and jumped from exploding boats.”
“It must be fascinating,” Alana asked as the two of them walked down the street. 
“The job is tedious, what I get to see is fascinating and beautiful. About a month ago I was in New Zealand and I got to see the Great Barrier Reef. The water there is the clearest water I have ever seen. It is one of the places on the earth where man has not sucked it dry yet. I saw a turtle this big,” Silas said this while holding his hands apart to signify the size of the turtle he saw. “I saw plants that I had never seen in my life. There were large schools of fish that looked like underwater clouds. The sharks were so large that they looked like floating dinosaurs.” 
“That must have been breath-taking.”
“It was I just wish I could have enjoyed more of it. Instead I had to stop a man from trying to eradicate a village of Aborigines that the authorities had ignored in Australia.”
After walking for quite some time they arrived at Alana’s building. Silas was going to offer to walk her up. He decided not to ask her. Instead he walked her to her door and thanked her for going out with him. She apologized for trying to trick him. Silas forgave her with the condition that she was never to tell anyone who he was; she agreed.
“Silas, I had a good time.”
“Me too. We should do this again, minus the spy work,” Silas immediately hated that joke. He was relieved when Alana told him she would love to go out with him again. She leaned in and kissed him on the cheek and said ‘good-night’. Silas responded with a ‘good-night’ and was relieved that he got it right. He walked down the steps toward his apartment and rejoiced. All was well for now.
Silas was still smiling to himself as he arrived at his apartment building. His building was four stories high and had vinyl siding on it. Silas stayed on the third floor. As he entered the building Silas saw the hallway that led past many units to the stairs. Silas decided he would take the elevator which was just next to the stairs. He pushed the button to go up and pulled out his phone. He was checking the time; it was ten twenty-three. His heart skipped a beat when it began to ring. He was let down when he saw that it was Jason. 
“J, what’s up?” Silas said, while stepping onto the elevator and pushing the ‘3’ button. 
“So how did it go? Did you smash? You let her touch one-eyed Willie? Did you inject your donut cream? Did y’all do the horizontal bump?”
“J, I’m hanging up. You are sick.”
“Hold up, hold up I’m just playing. Seriously how did it go?”
“It went fine. Did you follow me or something how did you know that I was at home now?”
“I know you Silas.”
By this time Silas had gotten off of the elevator and was walking down the hall to his apartment. Silas was suspicious, but did not know why. He knew that he would be off guard if he kept talking to Jason now. He nicely told Jason that he would call him back later. Jason asked if everything was well. Silas assured him that it was.
Once Silas reached the door of his apartment he pulled out his key and unlocked the bottom lock. Then he went to unlock the dead bolt, strangely enough it was unlocked. He thought that it could have been Dr. Williams, whom he called Doc, but he was on guard just in case. 
Silas opened the door as if there was nothing wrong, but his eyes traveled through the room swiftly. He flipped the switch to the right of the door. Silas then walked to the kitchen and opened the refrigerator. He pretended to look around for something, in all actuality he was listening for anything in the apartment that was weird. He finally heard the sound for which he searched. Footsteps were stifled by the carpeting in the living room behind him. Silas listened for the footsteps closely. They were heavier than Doc’s so Silas knew that it was an intruder. He wondered if it could have been Jason, but he was still on the defensive. Silas swiftly turned to face his intruder. 
The man was dressed in all black from head to toe. He was taller than Silas’ five foot ten frame. The man wore a black balaclava or ski mask. The man figured he could surprise Silas. He hadn’t expected Silas to turn and face him. Out of fear the man quickly tried to pull his pistol up to shoot Silas. Hall anticipated this and swung to his right and pushed the man’s arm to the left. The Jericho 941F 9mm with suppressor fired towards the wall next to the refrigerator. Silas then punched the man in the stomach and then again in the throat. The gun fell from his hands as they grabbed his throat. Silas then punched him on the chin; the man fell to the ground unconscious. Silas stood over the man, but eventually he felt a presence behind him. Hoping to take the presence by surprise, he pushed his elbow straight back hoping to hit the midsection of the individual. He felt as if he had hit a brick wall. 
Silas swung to face the man who stood at what Silas figured had to be near seven feet tall. The man had on a ski mask as well and, like the first man, was dressed in all black. He quickly grabbed Silas by the throat and threw him against the counter by the kitchen sink. With the swiftness of a kung fu movie ninja the large man came up to Silas. Silas sat on the floor near the sink and sensed the man and quickly pushed his foot up into the man’s groin. The man suddenly doubled over, but it was not out of pain but merely because his forward motion had been stalled. 
His head was directly above Silas’. Silas stood quickly so as to drive the top of his head into the face of the man. The man flew back. Silas swung his left fist and was surprised when the large man caught it and lifted Silas off the floor and threw him into the living room. Silas was able to get to his feet in time to be hit in the stomach and then receive an uppercut that sent him onto the wooden coffee table breaking it. The large intruder grabbed Silas by the groin and collar and lifted him over his head then threw him against the wall that ran parallel to the front door. Silas felt the pain, and tasted the blood and wondered how long it would take him to heal. The gargantuan was not giving him time to heal or use telekinesis to push him back; this assassin had been briefed. 
Next to Silas was a baseball bat he had bought at a sporting goods store once. He picked the bat up and noticed then how light it was, he was disappointed that it was a novelty bat; but he hoped it would do the job. As he got to his feet he had just enough time to swing the bat. He hit the large man on the left side of his body and the bat shattered into many shards of wood. The man swung his right hand at Silas, but Silas pulled his left forearm up to block and then he came across with a left hook that sent the big man back a little. The man regained his footing and Silas was in his face and kicked him. 
When Silas tried to hit him again, he caught Silas’ hand and flipped him over onto his back. Before Silas could even try to get up the man used a large piece of wood from the broken table to hit Silas’ chest. Silas pulled a switchblade from his pocket and managed to get to his feet and stabbed the man in the shoulder. The man looked at Silas and grabbed his hand and twisted it. With his other hand he pulled the knife out and threw it in the opposite direction. The large man lifted Silas completely off the floor by one arm and punched him in the chest. This pushed Silas back several feet. Silas had now been pushed in the direction of his bedroom. 
As he got to his feet Silas shook his head trying to regain his balance. Before he could do so fully, the large man punched him again on the left side of his face then again on the right. Silas was bleeding badly from the mouth. The man then lifted Silas by the throat and held him against the wall. He began to choke the life out of Silas. Silas fought to get free. He punched the man’s arm and futilely kicked out his legs. Silas could feel himself blacking out. Then he heard a voice. It was the voice of the other man who had regained consciousness.
“Atlas, boss wants him to stay alive,” the little man said. 
The big man then dropped Silas to the floor and put his foot on his throat. While Silas flailed around he managed to slip a tracking device onto the inside part of Atlas’ boot. The little man walked up to Silas and squatted down. 
“We know who you are and we know how to find you. So stop investigating these murders or we will come back and put a bullet through your head. We know you won’t come back from that. Understood?”
Through short gasps for air, Silas managed to agree and Atlas took his foot from Silas’ throat. The two men then left the apartment. Silas sat with his back against the wall that was between his bedroom and his bathroom. He thought to himself of what he had just done. He could have easily pulled out a gun and shot both of the men. He could have killed both of them with his bare hands; he would have done so if the fight had escalated more than it did. Silas did none of this because he needed to know why they had come to him. He was successful; the little man told him to stop investigating the murders. This solidified the fact that they were related. 
Silas stood to his feet and walked into his bathroom. Once in there he turned the water on in the sink and cupped his two hands under the flow of running water. He allowed a significant amount of water to collect then he quickly threw the water on his face. Silas then looked at himself in the mirror. There was a scar on his bottom lip that was bleeding profusely. Silas stared at it as it slowly sealed up before his eyes. A smile crept onto Silas’ face; he was more clever than the men thought he was.
Chapter 10
“Did you do what I told you to do?” Fabian asked Ace.
“Yes sir, Atlas gave him the message, but I still don’t understand why you didn’t just let us kill him.”
“People better than you have been trying to do that for years. Whatever chance you thought you had, you didn’t. If you beat Silas it was because he wanted you to. He wanted to get a message out of you and he got it.”
The large man took the phone from Ace. He wanted to speak to his boss.
“Ace was taken out quickly. I have told you several times boss that I work best alone. Sending Ace with me only puts him in danger. He is my brother, but this work may not be good for him,” Atlas said.
“Yes, you may be correct, but answer this for me? Whose idea was it to choke Silas to the point where he could not breathe?” Fabian asked knowing that Ace had told him what Atlas had done. Fabian received his answer when he heard no answer on the other end of the line. “That is why I keep him with you at all times. You are the muscle, but when I give you and your people work you obey me. Do I make myself clear?”
Atlas nodded and Fabian responded.
“Zigfrid I cannot see you if you are nodding.”
“I understand Fabian.”
“Good, now go forward with the remainder of our plan.”
“Yessir,” Atlas responded with his thick German accent.
As Atlas closed the phone he started the engine of the 1990 Ford Econoline van. The van started with a roar and pulled off quickly. The two individuals were silent as they rode. Eventually they spoke and did so viciously. 
“You want to work alone?” Ace asked.
“Don’t look surprised. You know I don’t like you and don’t want to work with you and you feel the same,” Atlas said.
“Yeah, but I didn’t think you were going to say it then. I guess you really want to work alone.”
“I need to. You are slowing me down. I took care of him while you were out cold on the floor,” Atlas responded.
“And you would have killed him and we wouldn’t have gotten paid, asshole.”
Atlas looked at his brother with a look that harbored much anger and resentment. They were brothers, but hated one another as much as dogs hate cats. It took every bit of energy in Atlas’ body not to strike out at his brother. His powerful hands would obliterate his older sibling. He ached with anticipation; the anticipation of hitting his brother and watching as his hands flew up to where Atlas hit him. He wanted so badly to punch his brother until he bled. Fortunately for Ace he was right. Atlas was far stronger than him, but he had a quick temper. His temper had to be kept in check and Ace was the perfect person to do so. Without Ace, Atlas would never get paid for any of the jobs he performed. He slowly loosened his fist and turned to the road and continued to drive. 
About five minutes later the two criminals had reached their next destination. They were sure their target was still awake. The apartment building they arrived at was in the middle of town. The two never stopped to wonder how Fabian was able to learn the location of Silas Hall. All they knew was that for some reason Fabian was not to be crossed. No matter how smart Ace was or how strong Atlas was neither of them could take down Fabian. The best thing for them to do would be to do what he asks, get paid and stay out of his way. 
The building was seven stories high. The target stayed on the fifth floor. Ace would have to gain access to the apartment, drug the target and Atlas would have to carry her down. The walls were made of concrete. They faced the building and noticed that there was an alley between the apartment building and the office building next door. Ace pointed his black gloved finger towards the alley and Atlas nodded. Atlas pulled the van into the alley. On a job like this one they were relieved that this building had a fire escape. Atlas turned the van off and both of the men exited the van. Ace pulled his ski mask out of his back pocket and pulled it over his long blonde hair. He then rolled the mask down until only his eyes were exposed. Atlas did the same. 
Atlas looked up at the building and jumped to grab the ladder to the fire escape. He pointed to Ace, who swiftly ran and jumped up onto the ladder and began climbing to the fire escape. Once he was up he began to go up the steps two at a time. All the while he managed to keep quiet. 
Once he reached the fifth floor he saw that the apartment was dark. He had hoped that the target had not left the building again. Ace slowly pulled out a very sharp blade. He then managed to cut the glass around the window lock. Once the glass had been cut Ace slipped three fingers in and unlocked the window. Ace placed a flat metal rod under the window sill and pushed it down. The window opened just enough for him to put his fingers under it. He lifted and the window made a light creaking sound as it was slowly raised. Ace noticed that below the window was a wooden kitchen chair. He slowly lifted the chair and set it beside the window. Ace then leaned into the window and slid his body in head first. As Ace got to his feet he stood and looked around the pitch black room. He reached into a bag he carried and pulled out a pair of thermo graphic goggles. He scanned the room and to the right of where he stood; he saw an image that stood in a room. 
Pulling the goggles off, Ace made his way towards the room. He quickly threw himself to the side when the door to the bedroom was cracked. Ace stood as silently as possible and was eased when no one left the room. Ace returned to his path and reached the door. He stood with his body behind the door. He craned his neck around the door and looked into the room to make sure it was the target. In the room he saw an African-American woman with short neat hair. She wore a bra and tight jeans. Ace wondered how much he could see before he made his move. The woman looked at her phone and thought about calling the man she had just left, she decided against it. She slid down her pants revealing the sexy underwear she wore that scantily covered her tight butt and made Ace want to charge into the room, throw her on the bed and mount her. He restrained himself; now was when he would make his move. 
Before Alana could pull her pants completely off, Ace entered the room. He startled her. She had no idea who he was or what he wanted. 
“Go ahead and put those pants back on,” Ace reluctantly commanded.
Alana was terrified, but Ace was amazed at the odd level of boldness she had within her as she responded to him, “Who are you? Why are you in here? How did you get in here?”
“Do not worry about that now,” Ace said in his German accent. “Just do what I am telling you to do and you will not be hurt.”
Alana did as she was told. She had made up her mind what she was going to do. What she didn’t know was that Ace was prepared for what she was going to do. Once Alana was fully dressed again, she slowly walked toward Ace. Ace tried not to smile knowing that Alana was going to hit him. She began to walk past him when she swung around and with the outside or her right fist caught Ace on the right side of his face. Ace stumbled; he knew he would be hit, but he didn’t think it would be so hard. Alana ran as fast as she could to her front door. As she opened it, she was terrified to see Atlas standing there. Atlas pulled out a needle and injected her with the contents. Immediately Alana was unconscious. Atlas threw her over his shoulder and walked over to the window. He turned back to his brother, who had taken off his ski mask to reveal a bruise on his cheek, and told him to continue the job. Ace nodded and commenced destroying the apartment. 
Meanwhile, Atlas took Alana down to the van and tied her up and gagged her there. He then slammed the doors of the van and went to the front seat and waited for his brother. About ten minutes later Ace got into the van, alerting his brother that it was time to go. The van sped off down the alley towards the street behind the apartment building. 
In a tobacco field in the middle of nowhere, just outside Lincoln, North Carolina, Silas was lowered into API headquarters. Upon his arrival he saw many of the individuals at the desk straighten up their backs in their chair. They knew that Silas had no rank, but they respected him nonetheless. Silas saw different faces from the day time. He was amazed that API could find people who were willing to be here at night and on the weekend. 
Doc had received his phone call earlier and had Reid, Payne, and Jason present for his arrival. Doc was worried about Silas. It was at times such as this that she looked at Silas as her child instead of her employee, besides she was his godmother. 
“Silas are you okay?” Dr. Williams asked.
“I’m fine Doc, it was only a few scratches,” Silas responded.
“Scratches I heard you were thrown all over your apartment like a rag doll,” Jason joked as he approached Silas. 
“There were two of them. I got the first, but the second one took me by surprise. Also Jason why are you here? Don’t you have a home?”
“Yeah, but all my dishes are dirty.”
“So you came here to dirty the ones here?”
“Ain’t that obvious.”
“I don’t really care about the fight itself, I only want to know about this message you said you had, Hall,” Reid had just been lowered into the room and was upset that he had to leave his home for this.
“Yessir,” Silas and Jason responded. 
Payne walked up and shook her head as she saw Silas standing there having made more trouble for himself. She had faith in Silas, but knew that there was still a lot of childishness in him. For him to truly be as great as he had the potential to be, she knew that he would have to abandon many of his childish ways. 
The five individuals made their way to the stairs that led to Reid’s office. Silas saw in his peripheral Dr. Xavier approaching. Silas waved him to join the crew that headed to the director’s office. Once everyone was present Silas began to describe the events after his date and before his arrival at HQ. Once everyone heard what Ace said, they were intrigued to learn more.
“Silas please tell us that you have something on those murders?” Reid asked. 
“Yes sir. When I spoke with David Kent in Nebraska he told me that he had been playing a video game and had gotten stuck on level seven. He said that he came down stairs because he was tired of being stuck. The game was called Kalimdur’s Revenge. When I went to the Yancey household in New Mexico I saw that Kalimdur’s Revenge was in the computer of Alan Yancey. When I began to run the game I saw that it had been frozen on level seven. I took the game and gave it to Dr. Xavier here,” Silas then pointed to Dr. Xavier, “to analyze. Before arriving here tonight I called him to ask if he had found anything; he has.”
Silas turned the conversation over to Dr. Xavier. The doctor set up some electrical equipment and began his presentation. 
“I wondered initially why Hall wanted me to analyze this disc. I now understand why,” Dr. Xavier turned on a screen that shined against the wall to the right of Reid’s desk. “I created a computer program that analyzes the game and automatically decides the best way to complete it. The program analyses all possible outcomes and chooses the best one; this way there are never any mistakes in the game and it is completed in a timely manner. It automatically wins each level within a matter of minutes. The way this is done is that my program breaks down each level and sees the direct path to the end. It is sort of like doing a maze on a paper. If you cannot figure out how to get to the other end, you look at the back of the book. This is essentially me looking at the back of the book. The intriguing thing is this,” Dr. Xavier stopped his presentation on one screen. 
“Here we see that this game has only seven levels. Once the seventh level is completed several images are burned into the brain. These images alter the brain and temporarily give the brain the desire to kill. The unique thing about this process is that the killing will not happen until a trigger has been set off. I do not know what the trigger is, but I imagine it will be different with every person.”
“So the Brotherhood of Unity is using subliminal messaging?” Payne asked.
“Not necessarily. I analyzed ten more disc all bought from different locations. None of the discs have the subliminal messaging. As a matter of fact the other games go to level thirty-two. I imagine that all four murderers played discs with messages on them; saw the triggers, killed anyone in the vicinity and then remembered nothing.”
“But why would the Brotherhood only make four discs like this?” Jason asked.
“Are they prototypes?” Reid asked.
“I am not sure the Brotherhood has anything to do with this. You see we all know that WorldTech is a cover for the Brotherhood. WorldTech has released fifteen games since creating the gaming branch. Kalimdur’s Revenge is the fifteenth game. The fourteen other games have fingerprints of the Brotherhood, but not this one.”
“What do you mean fingerprints?”
“I do not mean normal electronic fingerprints or natural fingerprints, but what the Brotherhood has been doing for all of their games is marking them. They leave little hints of themselves on WorldTech games. For instance on First Strike, the protagonist was a man who was the CEO of a company until he lost everything. In the game he had to fight the people who stole everything from him. The company was called United Trust and was based in Philadelphia, the City of Brotherly Love. This seems like it doesn’t matter, but when dealing with the Brotherhood everything matters. All of their games have things like this and some are much worse and blatantly obvious. Unfortunately, Kalimdur’s Revenge has no fingerprints. In fact WorldTech did nothing more than distribute the game. They didn’t even program it; some company in Wyoming programmed it.”
“So this has nothing to do with the Brotherhood?” Doc asked.
“According to my research it is unlikely, but I think we should still investigate this,” Xavier replied. 
Reid dismissed him and Xavier began to disassemble his things. He made his way out of the office. Everyone sat in silence; no one knew what to say. 
“I say we still need to investigate the Brotherhood,” Silas uttered. 
“Right now we need to focus on these murders,” Reid said while leaning back in his chair. He then looked at Doc. “See who programmed that game. Get that info to me as soon as possible. Silas go see our pigeons. Jason back up Silas, but do not and I repeat do not kill anyone unless they try to kill you. Payne, monitor every move Fabian makes. If he takes a dump I want to know the color. Does everyone understand?” Everyone nodded. Silas and Jason were the first to leave. They wanted to leave before Reid changed his mind about pairing them together. 
“Reid, are you sure you want to put Hall and Miller together?” Payne asked.
“Yes they are both trigger happy, but they are also the best at getting information. Together they are Sherlock Holmes and Watson. Just in case, Payne while you are keeping an eye on Fabian, keep tabs on them.”
Chapter 11
“So where are we going to start Holmes?” Jason asked Silas. 
Silas had no idea where to start. He felt like there was nothing he could do in North Carolina. He wanted so badly to connect the murders to Taylor Fabian and the Brotherhood of Unity. Unfortunately going on what Dr. Xavier told him he would have to start his investigation elsewhere. Silas then knew where he could start.
Silas looked ahead as he and Jason were walking to a hangar. The hangar contained many different types of cars. Silas walked over to a black 1976 Chevrolet Camaro. He could tell that Jason had recently put new tires on the car. Jason and Silas had the same sentiments about cars when it came to tires and rims; the factory knows best, don’t change it. 
Silas walked over to the passenger side and opened the door. He then threw a black bag into the back seat. Jason was glad that Silas had not put up much of a fuss wanting to drive. Jason opened the driver side door and sat down. He left the door open and let his left leg hang out as Silas buckled his seat belt. 
“Well, where are we going to start our little investigation?”
Silas had an idea where to start, but still he stopped to rethink it before he uttered his response. He knew where he wanted to start, however he wanted to make sure he would be investigating the murders and not the Brotherhood. Silas glanced down at his watch; the time was twelve eighteen am on a Saturday morning. He knew where they would start.
“Let’s see what Cakes knows.”
Jason smiled as he pulled his left leg into the car and fired up the powerful engine and roared off toward the shaft that would raise them to the surface level. Once the car was on the road Jason tore off towards the city. He was excited he would be seeing some action soon. He had to hide it though, because he knew that Silas would try to find every way possible to make sure that Jason’s fun was stifled. Jason’s fun meant lots of attention and dead people, and to quote one of Silas’ favorite movies ‘Dead men tell no tales.’
Silas and Jason pulled up at a swanky hotel and tried to imagine why someone like Johnny Knowles, also known as Cakes, would be allowed into the place. Silas walked into the hotel first and was unfazed by its beauty. The chandeliers that hung from the ceiling looked like they had been carved from ice. The floors had a deep mahogany look to them. All of the patrons looked like they owned a yacht somewhere. Silas most definitely did not fit in with his baggy jeans, polo shirt and a light wind jacket. Fortunately Silas didn’t care. 
“Hello…Julio,” Silas began as he read the receptionists name tag. “I need to know if a Johnny Knowles is staying here.”
“I cannot release that information sir.”
“I understand.”
Silas walked back to Jason as they backed out of the immediate view of the receptionist.
“Didn’t work did it?”
Silas frowned and shook his head from side to side slightly.
Jason looked around at the women in the lobby. Then he spotted the one he was looking for. She was a Caucasian woman with a tight butt, and big breast that were on display in her low cut skin tight dress. Her hair was teased and curly. She wore makeup, however, it was not excessive. In the face she was beautiful almost like an angel. Jason wondered what led her to this life as he approached her.
“You here for Johnny Knowles?” he whispered as Silas watched.
“I don’t know no Johnny,” she whispered back.
“What about Cakes?”
The woman paused, “I don’t know no Cakes either.”
“I’m not a cop I promise, but I do need to speak with Cakes. So you will let me speak to him or you are no use to me and I will off you the next time you are by yourself.”
The woman had a nonchalant look on her face, but on the inside she was horrified. She had no idea how crazy this man was. She nodded slightly and her eyes followed Jason as he walked over to Silas.
“I got a way to Cakes, but I can only get one of us.”
“Shoot,” Silas responded, “You gonna do it?”
“I can. Up to you pimpin’”
“You go. But Jason don’t draw attention to yourself okay.”
“Cool.”
Johnny Knowles was a nervous man by nature. He needed a way to release sometimes or he would explode from the tension and anxiety in his life. He laid back on the chair in the hotel room and had his pants and boxers at his ankles. On the television screen a woman was on all four moaning and a man was behind her pumping and sweating. Johnny Knowles was polishing himself. 
After reaching his crescendo he sat for a minute as another scene began. His heartbeat was lowering and he used his clean hand to wipe the sweat from his brow. He then reached over and grabbed a wad of  fast food napkins and cleaned himself off. Johnny then stood to his feet and pulled his boxers and pants up. 
Cakes strolled across the room into the bathroom and flushed the napkins down the toilet. He then returned to his chair and looked around his room. He splurged on himself with this room. It was top of the line with fancy sheets and carpet. Elegant curtains and an imported rug. All of this was fit for royalty and Johnny Knowles dirtied it with porn and masturbation.
A knock came at the door that startled Cakes. As he got to his feet he grabbed his gun and called out to see who it was. ‘Room Service’ was the response. Cakes smiled because he didn’t order room service. It was the girl he ordered. He buttoned his tacky red jeans and fixed his multicolored shirt and opened the door.
“Hello…there must be a mistake, but I didn’t order room service,” Cakes said.
“I’m sorry it must be my mistake,” the woman responded turning to leave. She suddenly turned back. “Sir I’ve done this before and my bosses say that if I do this again they will fire me. I thought this was your room service and it’s not. Please don’t tell my bosses that I screwed this up.”
“Well ma’am if you come inside I think we may be able to work something out.”
The woman came into the room and looked at Cakes.
“What would you like for me to do?”
“First I want you to…strip.”
The woman slowly stripped off her jacket and then unbuttoned her blouse. The striptease went on for several minutes until the woman wore nothing more than a thong. She then glanced over at the television and saw the pornographic movie playing.
“You get started without me?”
“You feel so good I didn’t want a repeat of last time; two minutes ten seconds was embarrassing. I just wanted you so bad that I was excited. But not tonight. Once I’m in I’m not finishing until after you. I just had to clean the pipes out.”
The woman smiled as Cakes lowered his pants. She got on her knees in front of him and was about to begin when she heard a clicking sound. 
“Woman put your clothes back on,” Jason said standing behind Cakes with a gun pointed to his head. 
To woman grabbed her things and ran off. Jason kicked the door closed and turned to Cakes.
“Look I don’t have a lot of time so I’ll get to the point. What do you know about Fabian’s video game murders?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about. Who are you?”
“You really don’t wanna know.”
Jason stood and tied Cakes to a chair and asked him again about the murders.
“I don’t know. I just do the low stuff in the Brotherhood. I collect money from shop owners and little stuff like that and I sell a few drugs, but nothing like on the levels of Fabian. I don’t even have knowledge of what he’s doing.”
“Who would have knowledge?”
“I don’t know.”
“You do know that if you don’t supply me with an answer I have no use for you. Then it doesn’t matter to me if you live or die.”
“Mario…the owner of Mario’s Lounge and Bar, Mario. He used to get guns for Fabian, but I don’t know if he’s still the guy…but at one point Mario was the guy.”
Jason smiled and stood and was about to walk out when his foot hit something. It was a picture book. Cakes told him to just leave it. Jason lifted the book and opened the cover and looked inside. Inside the book Jason saw the most horrific things he had ever seen in his life. There were dozens of pictures of men and women who had been mutilated. Jason knew he had seen some of the people before. 
“Cakes, who are these people?”
“They are no one.”
“They are more than no one. They're dead; these are pictures taken before police arrived on the scene. How did you get these? You said you do the minor stuff. This is major; how did you get these?”
At that instant Jason remembered who the people were he was seeing. They were individuals that the police had found that had been raped and killed. The killer was still on the loose and the media had called the killer The Sweet Tooth rapists, because he left sweets at the scene. 
“You’re the Sweet Tooth Rapist?”
“You don’t understand.”
“Well please enlighten me.”
“I get lonely sometimes. All of those people led me on then laughed at me.”
Jason thought back to the prostitute a few minutes ago. “These are people you slept with and when they laughed at you being a two minute man you got angry, raped them and killed them.”
“I was excited. They shouldn’t have laughed.”
“You are a sick bastard.”
Minutes later Jason walked down the hall and a loud explosion went off in Cakes’ room. Jason was not at all fazed by what he had just done. He felt he had done the right thing. Cakes had raped four women, three men and molested four children. Jason’s only regret was that Cakes’ death hadn't lasted longer than timed grenades strapped to his mouth and genitals.
Chapter 12
It was just after one when Jason pulled up two blocks away from Mario’s Lounge and Bar. Silas had listened to Jason explain everything that happened in Cakes’ room and understood. He knew why this hit close to home for Jason. He knew that they both would get chewed out later for this, but for now they were proud. 
Before Jason could get out of the car, Silas turned to him and told him how they would operate once inside the night club. 
“Jason put your guns up.”
“What? You wanna walk in Mario’s without hardware?”
“Do you think you gonna get inside Mario’s with hardware?” Silas said half-serious, half-joking.
Jason didn’t respond; he only gave Silas a look that let him know that he wanted to know Silas’ bright idea for carrying out this plan. Silas got out of the car and pulled his favorite pistol from his belt and put it under the seat. He then removed the clips from the inside of his jacket and placed them under the seat as well. Jason wanted to know what Silas’ plan was, so he refused to follow Silas’ example until he had a solid reason to do so. Silas, realizing Jason wasn’t following his example, responded to Jason’s silent questions. To do so he reached into the back seat and grabbed a black bag. He unzipped it and pulled out an eggshell colored pistol that looked like a subcompact Glock 29. He threw it to Jason and explained to him what it was. 
“This is a gun that some girl that works for Doc developed. It’s made of ceramic and made to look like the Glock 29. It’s small enough to conceal anywhere and can’t be detected by metal detectors. The bullets are made of a hard ceramic coated in Teflon. These bullets will not kill anyone unless we are at point blank range and shoot’em in the head, but if everything goes the way I plan we won’t need’em.”
Jason stared at the gun for a second and looked at how many bullets the gun would hold. He had five rounds. Jason was highly disappointed that he was walking into a gangster’s club with a gun that wouldn’t kill anyone and only had five shots. He was beyond pissed, but figured he had come this far he might as well continue. Jason put the gun in his shoe next to his ankle. He looked over at Silas who did the same. The two of them then walked down the sidewalk towards the club. 
“When we get in we have to mingle until we get our chance to get close to Mario,” Silas began.
“How are we gonna get close to Mario? The man has at least five fully armed guys around him at all times,” Jason responded.
“Just follow my lead and keep your eyes on me. When I move you move, understand?”
“Yeah; so what are we going to do until we make our move?”
Silas regretted saying what he had to say because he knew how Jason would take it, “Mingle.” Silas was right; Jason smiled like the Grinch on Christmas. Jason knew he had the opportunity to dance with women and possibly get some phone numbers before the night was over. Knowing this Silas cleared things up. “We are on a mission J, we don’t have time for you to find your next awkward morning after.”
“Silas you don’t trust me to do the job?” Jason asked sincerely.
“No,” Silas said with an equal amount of sincerity. 
“Well I am glad you have so much faith in me. What reason do you have to not trust me?”
Silas looked at Jason with an irritated look upon his face and said, “Hamburg, Germany.”
Jason looked ahead with a shamed look on his face and said nothing more. 
About four minutes later it was approaching just after twenty past one; Jason and Silas approached a two story building that looked like it used to be a warehouse. It had a large door in the front. To the right of the door were two poles that stood about waist high with a velvet rope extended between them. A large man about six foot five stood at the front door with his arms crossed. He wore a shirt that looked too small for a five year old, let alone a grown man. The shirt was so tight that Silas and Jason expected to see his heart beating. He had a long beard that was turning gray. His blonde hair was in a crew cut. The bouncer looked straight ahead. By his side he had a Beretta 96 semi-automatic pistol. 
To the left of the man were stairs that led to a second level. Lined up the stairs were people waiting to get into that door. By that door was a man who was dressed like the man at the bottom. He was black and bald and seemed like he had been living off of a diet of only steroids. Silas and Jason approached the man at the bottom and hoped they could find a way inside. Jason decided to speak.
“My man, we need to get inside,” Jason began.
“I can’t do that we're filled to capacity,” the bouncer, whose nametag read Archie, stated.
“Look, what is it gonna take to get us inside?” Jason said flashing his million dollar smile. 
Silas thought about all the trouble that smile had gotten Jason into. He hoped it didn’t have the same result this time. He let Jason continue to negotiate.
“Go to the back of the line. Maybe if you are lucky you can get in here before Armageddon,” the bouncer laughed.
Silas wondered how long Jason would stay calm. He was prepared to step in at any moment to calm things down.
Jason reached into his back pocket. Silas then forgot where Jason had put his ceramic gun and prepared to stop him. He was relieved when Jason pulled out his wallet. Jason opened his wallet and pulled out a crisp ten dollar bill. He waved them in front of the bouncer. The bouncer followed the money with his eyes, but he made no move towards it. Jason put the money back and pulled out a twenty dollar bill. The bouncer uncrossed his arms and crossed them back again. Jason returned the twenty. The bouncer was playing hard ball. 
Jason reached into his wallet and pulled out a fifty. He held the bill out and the bouncer looked around. He snatched the bill and stepped aside letting Silas and Jason inside the club. Silas and Jason walked into the club and immediately saw how difficult it would be to find Mario. The building was dark on the inside with a few lights near the bar and on the upper deck. Everywhere else there were flashing neon lights. There were very few tables, which made for a lot of dance room. Silas and Jason separated as they came in. Silas went to one end of the bar and Jason went to the other. Jason looked around and saw that there was an upper level. There were more tables there and more women as well. Jason made that his destination. In less than three minutes he had managed to do the complete opposite of what Silas wanted. 
Jason made his way up to the upper level. As he traveled up the stairs he noticed above the bar were five huge floor to ceiling windows that separated one side of the upper level from the other. Jason figured that this was where Mario looked out at the club goers through a two-way mirror. Jason spotted Silas who was still at the bar and then focused on the women of the upper level.
Silas had ordered a Ginger Ale and turned to look out at the club goers as he drank. Silas looked nonchalant when in all actuality he was in deep thought. He analyzed every person that passed him. He remembered their face and would remember where he saw them. Silas waited for Mario. He knew where the gangster was, but he hoped he wouldn’t have to go to him. 
Meanwhile Jason had set his sights on a woman. She was beautiful with long black hair. Her eyes were light brown and her skin was a caramel color. Her bosom was ample. Her cleavage was enticing. 
She sat at a table with a friend, a girl, who was not as pretty, but was no ape either. Jason wasn’t concerned with her. He waited for his opportunity. The friend got up and the pretty one nodded taking the pocket book from the other. Jason then noticed a guy who took the friend by the hand and led her off to the side to dance. The two of them began to dance so seductively that Jason was convinced that the next day they would need a pregnancy test. Jason saw his chance and sat at the table with the pretty girl. 
“So how are you doing tonight?” he said loudly trying to be heard over the rap song that was playing. 
“I’m okay and you?” the woman asked.
“I’m good. I saw you over here by yourself and thought I would come over and say hello.”
The woman smiled wondering when Jason would try to buy her a drink or offer to dance. Jason knew she was expecting this so he did the opposite.
“I’m Jason. You are?”
“Millie.”
Jason nodded. “Do you come here often?”
“Not really, but sometimes.”
“This is my first time coming here. It’s a pretty cool place seems like.”
Millie was not sure what game Jason was running. Jason had not complimented her body or her eyes or her smile. She began to wonder if he was gay. Millie had no idea that this was part of Jason’s plan. 
“You here by yourself?” Millie asked.
“Nah, a friend of mine dragged me here. He’s down there somewhere with some girl. So what are ya’ drinkin’?”
“Strawberry Ice Pick.”
Jason nodded and chuckled a little.
Millie smiled and asked him, “What’s funny?”
“Nothing that’s a cool drink. But whenever I drink it around my friends they say it’s a girlie drink.”
“Well it is,” she jokingly responded.
“I know, but I am secure enough in my manhood to admit to drinking it.”
A man who wore a baseball cap pulled just to his eyebrows walked up to the table. His jeans were extremely large and his shirt had some rapper on the front with a blunt in his mouth. The young man himself wrecked of marijuana. He was bold in his approach; Jason had to give him that. The man acted like Jason was not even sitting at the table. The young dude grabbed a chair from the next table and pulled it up to the table next to Millie. He then proceeded to whisper things in her ear. Her face contorted and she muttered, “What?”
“I’m saying ma, what’s good wit chu? You lookin’ kinda good over here and I just knew I had to holla at chu. So you gonna let me show you what’s the deal? You gonna give me the digits?”
Jason allowed this to go on long enough. He knew that Millie was waiting for him to bail her out any moment now. He found it humorous that this young man felt that his lines would work. Jason was tempted to allow the man to continue trying, but the man had played right into his plan so he decided to help Millie out a little.
“Yo my man, this lady is here with me. You mind?”
Jason was surprised when the young man looked at him. The young man genuinely had not noticed Jason sitting there. He had become so infatuated with Millie that he ignored everything around her. Jason hoped that the young man would do the respectable thing and drop the gangster persona and walk away, else he would really have to hurt the man. That would blow the entire job.
“No disrespect my nigga,” the young man said as he rose out of the seat and walked away.
“I didn’t do something you didn’t want me to do did I?” Jason asked. “I don’t want to come between you and your man. You just seemed like you needed a little help.”
Millie laughed, “I didn’t mind and thank you. I can’t stand when these fake gangster types think they can throw some New York lines on you and think you are going to be impressed. We are in the south; speaking like you are from New York when you are from North Carolina is just stupid.”
“I totally agree. Word bond son,” Jason said jokingly.
Millie laughed. She was really beginning to warm up to Jason. Jason wondered could it really be this easy. Now was time for Jason’s final act. He looked at Millie and put his game into overtime.
“Well it was nice meeting you Millie. You take care and judging from the way your friend is dancing, make sure she takes the morning after pill.”
Millie nodded and laughed as Jason went to another table with a group of guys and sat. He grabbed a mixed drink off a tray that an employee had and began to sip it. He made out as if he was looking at the dance floor below when actually he was watching Silas as well as Millie. 
Jason saw that Silas was dancing with some girl. This meant that he had some time. He realized his plan had worked when in his peripheral he saw Millie approach his table. Jason looked up and saw her standing there. Jason noticed that to a normal guy her looks would be intimidating, but to him she was just another woman he wanted to hump. 
Millie looked around at the other guys at the table and they all got up and walked away. Millie sat down at the table and just stared at Jason.
“What kind of game are you playing?” she asked.
“I'm not playing a game,” Jason joked.
“Lemme guess, you come to my table and try to make conversation and then just walk off.”
“What was I supposed to do?”
“Offer to dance or buy me a drink.”
“Did you want to dance? Are you thirsty?”
“That is not the point.”
“Look, you are fine as hell. I would love to dance with you, but I saw what you did to those other guys just by walking up to the table so I know you would walk all over me.”
“So you are just not gonna try.”
“Nope, what’s the use? Men like women who are weak and dependent. You are strong and independent.”
“Does this game you playing usually work on women?”
“Nah not really. I just keep doing it anyway,” Jason said smiling. He then stood and extended his hand to Millie and they made their way to the dance floor. 
Silas made his way back to the bar and shortly after saw Jason on the upper level with a beautiful woman dancing. They were dancing close. Jason held the woman’s hands and she stood with her back against him. Her big, tight butt was right up against his pelvis. The woman slowly gyrated against Jason and Jason moved right along with her. Silas looked at his watch and saw that it was now almost two. They had wasted time. Silas knew he was about to make Jason mad, but they had a job to do. 
Silas made his way up the stairs to the upper level. He then made sure he got Jason’s attention. Jason looked like he was ready to rip Millie’s clothes off and throw her on one of the tables; Millie looked as if she wanted him to do it. Silas knew that Jason would have some choice words for him. He smirked to himself then made his way towards a door to the left of the stairs. Silas leaned against the door and waved his hand over it; in doing so he picked it without using a single tool. He slid inside and hoped that Jason would follow.
Once inside Silas saw two doors to the left of the entrance door. He reached into his shoe and retrieved his ceramic gun. He checked to make sure the bullets were loaded and he tried to open one of the doors. A voice came from behind him. 
“What do you want? How did you get in here?” a heavy set Asian man said. 
“I was looking for the bathroom,” Silas replied with the ceramic gun behind him. 
“Sure,” the man replied pulling his Uzi up to Silas. “Drop the gun behind your back and come with me.” 
Silas dropped his ceramic gun on the floor and looked towards the entrance door. He noticed that Hamburg was happening again. Jason had forgotten him. Silas held his arms up and walked into a room filled with Mario’s men. A long table stacked with money sat in the middle of the room. Straight across from the door was the two-way mirror Silas had noticed earlier. Silas could see the entire club. He was amazed when he saw the woman Jason was dancing with sitting at a table by herself. 
Mario was dressed in all white from head to toe. He was no taller than five foot five, but he had the muscle build of a body builder. He was dark skinned and had a constant smirk on his face. 
“Silas Hall what are you doing in my club?” Mario asked.
“Just dancing Mario.”
“If you just wanted to dance you wouldn’t have brought a gun in here that would be undetectable.”
“I gotta stay safe.”
“I really don’t have time for games.”
Suddenly the door fell in and a large black male fell to the floor. His gun was being held by Jason. Jason walked into the room and immediately shot three people. All three of them were dead in an instant. 
Silas swung to his left and extended his hand out; the Asian slammed against the wall. Silas slowly closed his hand into a fist and the man against the wall began to choke. The man dropped his gun and both hands grabbed his throat; he was trying to pry Silas’ hands off of his neck, unfortunately for him Silas was not touching him; a perk of telekinesis.
Silas walked up to the man and kicked him in the groin. The man fell to his knees. Silas then hit him in the back of the head and he was out cold. Silas retrieved the man’s guns and instantly shot Mario in the knee. Mario fell onto his back. Jason kept the remaining men at bay. Silas squatted down beside Mario and pointed the gun he had gotten from the Asian man in Mario’s face. Before Silas could begin his questioning he had to first reprimand Jason.
“You’re late,” Silas began while looking at Mario.
“Sy, you saw that girl I was dancing with. You don’t hurry with a girl like that. Besides I made it; that’s what matters.
Silas sighed. He then spoke to Mario, who was in a great amount of pain, but looked surprisingly cool in the face. Silas had to move fast. Undoubtedly there would be others who came up soon.
“Now if you answer these questions honestly you will live. You lie; you die. Understand sweetie?” Silas concluded his initial question with a smile and tone fit for a four-year old.
Mario painfully and defiantly nodded. 
“What is Taylor Fabian planning?”
Suddenly four gunshots were heard. Silas turned to see that Jason had shot the remaining henchmen. Silas threw him a look. 
“I told them not to move and they moved. I got scared and shot’em.” Silas gave Jason a look of disappointment. “Sorry?” Jason replied nonchalantly.
Silas refocused on Mario knowing that soon many more people would come up and then things would get really ugly. 
“Answer me, Mario.”
“I ain’t got no idea what he's planning.”
“But you are his weapons guy. You should know something,” Jason added.
“He cut his orders from me in half about a year ago. Then he stopped getting them from me all together. I don’t know where he getting his weapons, but it ain’t from me no more.”
“When did he stop getting his weapons from you?”
“About six or seven months ago?” Marion replied.
“Do you know anything about him? Or about him using video games to kill people.” Silas asked.
“What are you talking about video games; I ain’t got no idea what he’s doing. He didn’t exactly share details with me. He placed orders transferred money and that was it.”
“I think you’re lying. We don’t have a lot of time; so if you are useless in providing information you are useless in general. I’m outta here and I’ll let Jason deal with you.”
Mario was terrified of Jason. He knew how crazy the man could be. “All I know is that he is using Whitenight as his personal bodyguards. He’s been bringing in military grade weapons. Not the handguns I was getting him. He is moving up in the world. Other than that I ain’t got no idea what he is doing or why he stopped a lot of his business with me.”
Silas looked out the two way mirror and saw about ten men headed up the stairs to the upper level. Two of the men were the bouncers from outside. Silas turned to Jason.
“We got company. Load up.” 
Jason turned towards the door and dropped the gun he had. He grabbed an Uzi that one of the dead men dropped. He walked towards the door. He peeked out and several shots rang out. Jason walked over to Silas. The two of them walked over to the table and turned it over. They both had Uzi’s in their hands. They dropped to their knees and waited for the men to enter the room. 
“They’re in here. Come and get them take their damn heads off,” Mario yelled. 
Jason shot Mario in the temple. Silas looked at him. Jason shrugged, “He was being an asshole.”
Silas shook his head, “Stop cussing.”
The black, bald bodyguard was the first through the door. Silas let off two shots into his chest and he fell to his knees. Jason shot him once more in the head and blood poured from him as he hit the floor. The rest of the men were more cautious. Everyone involved was in a stalemate. Jason decided to spice things up. He lifted Mario and dragged him to the door and pushed him out. The men outside the door littered Mario’s body with bullets. Two of the men went to check on their boss. Jason then ran out of the room shooting wildly into the crowd of men. Silas had no choice but to follow. 
Silas regretted doing so. After firing for quite some time Silas and Jason were out of bullets and Silas did the only thing he could do. He focused himself and then released a concussive blast that Jason had never seen him release before. The men surrounding them were instantly knocked unconscious. Jason wanted to ask Silas how he did that, but he refrained and followed him back into the club. 
They were back inside the club and made their way onto the bottom dance floor. They were headed for the front door when a large man came up to them. He swung at Jason. Jason ducked, but Silas was hit; he had been standing behind Jason. Jason rolled out of the way. Silas waited for the man to swing again. When he did, Silas caught his large hand and twisted it and kicked the man in the groin. Then he punched the man in the nose. The man hopped up swiftly. Silas was surprised, but did not have time to fight the man. He held his hand out and forced the man against a wall, then threw him over a table. Then Silas looked at the front door; he waved his hand at it and blew the doors into the street. Silas and Jason continued their path out the doorway and began to make their way back towards the car.
They were happy when they were in the car. Jason started up the engine and turned into the street. Jason made sure he drove the speed limit so as to not draw too much attention to himself. Eventually he noticed a black suv following him; Jason sped up. Silas noticed it as well and climbed into the back seat with his gun he had retrieved from under the seat. He loaded the gun and waited.
“Jason drive normal,” Silas ordered.
“Gotcha.”
It was times like this Jason wondered where the police were. He figured they were giving out speeding tickets or hiding behind a billboard trying to give out speeding tickets. He hated police; he felt that crime would drop drastically if police spent the time and energy they used writing tickets, investigating violent crimes. Instead he did what they should have been doing. 
The black suv sped up and bumped Jason’s car. Jason was enraged. He had just polished the car the afternoon before. He grew angrier when Silas did nothing. 
“Boy, do something,” Jason commanded Silas.
“Don’t call me boy,” Silas replied.
The suv hit the Camaro again. This time Silas dropped his pistol onto the floor. As he lowered his head to the floor to retrieve it, the back windshield burst in. Shots sprang into the car and surprised Jason. Jason swerved the car from side to side. The shots shocked him and caused him to come over to the opposing side of the road. He was able to finally get the car back over onto the right side of the road. 
Silas retrieved his gun and aimed it and let off two shots towards the suv. He missed the driver. He was happy when Jason managed to get the Camaro back over onto the correct side of the road. Silas let off a few more shots and shattered the front windshield. In that instant he noticed that the passenger had been hit. He was not dead, but hit. 
Jason turned down Cherry Street. He raced down the street and by now the speedometer read fifty-five. Jason turned onto Montgomery Street. Once he was at the intersection of Montgomery and Fairview Lane, he did a U-turn and faced the suv. He raced towards it in a deadly game of chicken. Jason gave up, but on purpose. He turned to his right and got onto the correct side of the road. As he drove along the driver’s side of the car, Jason slowed and pulled up his pistol and shot the driver side several times. Jason sped up and continued down Montgomery Street. 
As Jason drove, Silas got back into the passenger’s side. He looked in the rear view mirror and saw the car slam into a light pole. They waited for someone to exit the car. Jason slammed on the brakes, smashed the car into reverse and squealed tires back to the suv. He dodged cars that were behind him. He slammed on brakes beside the car and put the car in park. Jason and Silas noticed that the noise would eventually draw a crowd. It would be anytime now that the fear of gunshots wore off from the onlookers and they exited their domiciles for exploration. 
Jason reached into the glove compartment of the car and pulled out a small pineapple shaped grenade. Silas’ eyes grew as large as quarters. He did not want Jason to draw this much attention to them. 
“Jason what are you doing? We don’t need this kind of attention.”
“They scratched my car Silas; besides, they are still alive. We need to send a message to Fabian and all of his associates.”
“You heard Mario, Fabian barely has associates here.”
Jason stared at Silas with the grenade in his hand. He then glanced down at the grenade. Silas then remembered how unstable Jason could be at times. Then he wondered to himself, ‘who carries a grenade in the glove compartment?’
Jason slowly lifted his eyes back to Silas and then allowed a demented grin to cover his face. He got out of the car and walked over to the suv. Silas did not follow. He sat in the passenger seat and only stared forward. 
Jason approached the car and noticed that the passenger side contained a heavy-set woman. She had been shot several times in the chest. She was dead. Two men in the back were breathing heavily. Jason looked at the grenade. Silas had gotten through to him a little. Jason raised his gun and emptied the clip into the remaining living passengers. He then laughed and ran back to his car. Silas looked at him and was relieved and felt dismayed at the same time. Jason drove like a sane person down the road. The two of them had no idea what they were going to do until Silas got a phone call. 
“Hall,” said Silas.
“Where the hell is my sister you asshole?” Shelly asked.
“What? Who is this?”
“You know who the hell this is and what I want. Tell me where my sister is or I will call the police on you. I’ve seen you and can describe you to them. Now tell me where the hell is my sister.”
“Is this Alana’s sister, Shelly?”
“You know who I am. Tell me what I want to know. I know people who will whoop you ass. They will rearrange you face.”
“What are you talking about? I walked her home and then went home.”
“Well she is not here now.”
“I don’t know where she is. Look I am coming over.”
“No don’t; the police are on their way, Silas Hall.”
“I am the police. Look, don’t call them I will be there shortly. This may have been an inside job. Please just trust me and don’t call the police.” The line went dead. Silas slammed his phone to the floor. Jason looked at him with sympathy.
“What’s up Sy?”
“The girl I went out with last night, Alana; that was her sister. Alana is missing.”
“Where does she stay?”
“Water Crest over on Adams Street.”
Jason pushed the pedal to the floor and raced down the street.
Chapter 13
Shelly paced back and forth inside the living room of the apartment. She contemplated calling the police. She also wondered why she had not done so earlier. Alana seemed so sure of Silas Hall. Alana knew she was going to be safe. How did she know that Silas wasn’t going to do anything to her? Why did she trust him so easily? The actions of her little sister troubled Shelly. Her own actions troubled her as well. Why did she believe Silas? He did sound genuinely surprised didn’t he? He was either a good actor or truly oblivious as to what was going on. 
She thought to herself and considered her options. Alana had a way that she kept herself safe. Shelly looked around in the mess of an apartment. She had no idea where to start looking. The lamp on the book table next to the couch was broken; it had been thrown against the wall. Shelly looked at her watch as she approached the lamp; the time was twelve minutes to three. Her sister had not called her after her date. 
Shelly knew that the date had to have been over. She came over to learn what had happened on the date. She also wanted to know what Alana had learned about Silas. Once she arrived at the front door she saw that it was cracked. She abandoned all apprehension and pushed herself forward into the apartment. The apartment was in ruins. All the lamps were broken. The television cord was cut. The telephone was thrown against the wall. Alana’s clothes were strewn all over the bedroom. Shelly was amazed when she saw that Alana’s phone was still on the floor. 
Knowing she should call the police first, Shelly opened the phone and searched for the last number called. She had called Silas and kept the phone open for five seconds. Alana had called and hung up. Shelly redialed the number and cursed out Silas. She was amazed at his level of oblivion. 
Shelly was now in the bedroom. She looked under the bed and saw several shoe boxes that were full of old receipts and pictures. Shelly looked through them quickly she had not found where Alana felt kept her safe. She walked over to the closet and looked through several bags. She found a large wooden rod. She walked over and set it by the door. Shelly then sat on Alana’s bed and looked around the room. The lamp that set on her nightstand had been smashed on the floor. The ceiling light was on and illuminated the room. Shelly looked at the nightstand again and noticed a drawer she had not noticed before. She pulled the drawer out and saw what it was that made Alana feel safe. 
Shelly reached in and grabbed the silver Beretta 92. She checked to make sure it was loaded. At that moment she heard noise approaching the front door. It was at that moment that she realized she had left the front door cracked. She swiftly shifted to the bedroom door. To the left of the door she switched off the light. Just as quickly as she had done that, she was in the living room and had managed to switch off the light in the living room. She ran back and stood to the right side of the door by the hinges. There she waited for her prey to arrive.
“Silas are you sure we should just waltz in there like this?”
“Please don’t tell me you’re scared. Look, Alana is missing I have to find her.”
“I don’t have a good feeling about this. I feel like as soon as we step in the room someone is gonna swing a bat at us or let off some hot lead in our chest. You would walk away from that I won’t...so...I’m just saying let’s be cautious.”
Silas looked at Jason and twisted his face. He turned back towards the cracked apartment door and shrugged. He had not considered pulling his gun out. If Shelly was still here, Silas would look less menacing with his gun out of sight. He slowly pushed the door open and called out to Shelly. 
“Shelly, it’s me Silas.” Silas looked back and saw that Jason had not moved. He more than likely wouldn’t move until he felt he was in control again. 
Silas moved forward into the apartment. He could sense the pressure in the air behind him change. He swung to his right as Shelly pulled the gun up to him. Before Shelly knew what was happening Jason had come in and taken the gun from her. He put the gun in the back of his pants inside the belt; then he pulled his shirt over it.
“We ain’t come here to hurt you,” Jason said.
“I don’t even know who you are,” Shelly replied.
“Shelly you didn’t call the police did you?” Silas asked. 
Shelly was silent. The confusion and anger returned. She was angry for not calling the police and she was confused as to why she had not done so. She looked at Silas and understood why Alana would think he was cute. She found no comfort in this, instead she became afraid. Fear was an emotion she had felt the moment she stepped into the apartment. Before she had managed to suppress the feeling, it was not until now that she was able to feel it. She could hide it no more. She feared for her life. Silas could sense her fear.
“You did the right thing by not calling the police,” Silas stated.
“You aren’t gonna kill me are you?” asked Shelly.
“Kill you? No I have no reason to kill you.” Silas turned to Jason. “Look around for any signs of struggle.”
“Signs of struggle, her things have been thrown all over the place. What do you mean signs of struggle?” Shelly asked in an angry manner.
“More than likely this mess is a sign of a struggle, but there is a chance that this was done to throw us off the path of what happened here,” Silas replied.
Jason began searching the room and looking around. Silas slowly walked up to Shelly. At the same time he held his right hand up as he reached into his left back pocket. He pulled out a badge that read his true name. The only difference is that said it was issued to him from the DEA. Shelly had no idea what it was that she was looking at. She saw Silas’ face on it and saw that seal that had an eagle with a ribbon that read Department of Justice. Below the eagle was a round seal that said in bold letters US. Around the letters that were the words Drug Enforcement Administration. Shelly nodded and looked back up at Silas. 
“You work for the government?” She asked.
“Yes, we both do,” Silas said while pointing to Jason. “He’s Agent Miller.” Jason waved and continued his search. 
Shelly felt a little more calm, but she still did not allow her guard to be let down. She glanced at the floor before returning her gaze to Silas. She thought for a minute about what she should say next. She finally responded. 
“What about your face? Alana said that there was something weird going on with your face.”
Silas smiled reluctantly and replied to what had been asked to him. “The day she saw me in the convenience store I was being a good Samaritan. I saw that the store was being robbed and I called the police. Then I went back inside the store and knocked the robber out. The owner then tied him up until the police got there.”
“What about the cut on your face? Alana said that you healed up like almost instantly.”
“Really, she said that? You know she even asked me if I was an alien. The robber had a knife and I took it from him and in the process he got cut. Some of his blood got onto me and that was all. I wiped it away that is why there is no cut on my face now.”
Shelly shook her head in embarrassment. She had listened to her sister’s hair brained explanation and as much as she did not want to, she bought into it. Silas could tell that Shelly was becoming more relaxed around him. Her shoulders had dropped and her eyes became less wild. Silas felt comfortable enough to return her weapon. He turned to Jason and whistled to him. Jason looked to him and Silas waved his hand towards him. Jason tossed the gun to Silas. Shelly looked at the gun as Silas handed it to her wondering if this was really happening. She slowly reached her hand forward and grasped the gun in her hand. 
“When was the last time you saw or heard from Alana?” Silas began.
“When she was with you; I haven’t seen her since then. I figured her date was over so I called to see how everything went. She didn’t answer. So I called a second time and she still didn’t answer so I decided to check things out for myself. I didn’t trust you and I thought you might have done something to her. I got here and found the place like this.”
Silas glanced at his watch and saw that it was almost four in the morning. He pulled out his cell and dialed the number five. A voice came on that Silas recognized. Doc hoped that Silas had good news. 
“I need a team to come to Adams Street. An apartment complex called Water Crest apartment 21F. I need the placed checked over and watched.”
“Silas have you found out anything about the murders?” Doc asked.
“No, not yet.”
“Whose apartment are you sending us to?”
“Doc, please just trust me. Send the guys.”
There was silence on the other end of the line. Silas wondered what Dr. Williams was thinking. He hoped she would not tell Reid. He knew that Reid undoubtedly knew about Mario’s earlier. He would be beyond pissed. Silas could hear Doc breathing on the other line before she finally responded to him. 
“They're on the way.”
Silas was happy, but regretted having to ask her for another favor. He regretted it because he knew she would not want to comply with all the shadiness Silas was employing. 
“I need a safe house with around the clock guards.”
On the other line Doc was confounded. She had no idea what Silas was doing. She had heard that he and Jason had killed a gangster named Mario earlier. They also were involved in a shootout in the middle of a crowded club. They led a high speed chase through the city and now he needed a cleanup and investigative team to a civilian’s apartment. On top of all of that he now wanted a safe house for someone. Doc had had enough of being left in the dark. 
“Silas you either start explaining or find your own safe house.”
“Alright, alright. I guess I’ll find my own safe house. I thought we were supposed to protect the innocent. I try to do that and you stand in my way because I won’t let you in on all of my business,” Silas said as he closed his cell phone. He turned to Jason. 
“No, I already know what you are going to ask. No!”
“C’mon J.”
“Silas I don’t know this girl,” Jason said pointing to Shelly.
“Wait why can’t I just go home?” Shelly asked with a perplexed look upon her face. 
“Because we have no idea why Alana was kidnapped, but if it has something to do with me, then being close to the people I work with is the safest place for you now.”
Shelly crossed her arms in resistance. She even looked like she was about to start pouting. Finally she grabbed her jacket and walked out the door. Jason gave Silas an angry look and then shrugged and followed her down stairs. Silas knew exactly what Jason was thinking. At that moment he changed his mind about where Shelly would stay. Silas figured he couldn’t leave Shelly with Jason especially alone in his apartment. It would be too tempting for him. 
Loretta heard about what had happened the night before. Now she was on her way to the airport and within the next thirty minutes it would be nine am and she would be in the air going towards New York. Loretta could not understand why Reid would send Silas and Jason together. They got little work done and created a large body count when they were together. Payne tried to take her mind off of them and refocus on what she had to do now. Taylor Fabian’s wife had been murdered in a police station bombing. Payne felt it odd that as soon as the pressure began to come down on Fabian, even a little bit, his wife takes a dirt nap. Upon further investigation using a traffic cam, Loretta was able to see that FBI Special Agent Joo-Chan Pak entered the police station earlier that morning. About an hour and a half later Bethany Fabian entered the station. Strangely enough a hot dog vendor with dreads entered about twenty minutes later. The hot dog vendor made sure to keep his face away from the traffic cameras. 
Payne would not go near the blast. Her job was to find Fabian and keep an eye on him. She would of course investigate several things such as WorldTech’s dealings with Trooper Corp and the video game murders. Loretta needed to see one man as soon as she got to New York, only her friend, one of the world’s best computers hackers, could help her now. 
It was a Saturday, ten seventeen in the morning. Loretta Payne had been in the air for an hour and seventeen minutes. She had roughly twenty five minutes left before she arrived at Newark Liberty International Airport. She spent the time reviewing the files API had on Taylor Fabian. The files were small. There was not much to read, the man was private and most of what API could find were the things that were based on Fabian’s day life.
As soon as Loretta had reclaimed her one bag she went outside to hail a cab. She told that driver she needed to get to Manhattan. He asked her where in Manhattan. Loretta let herself drift back to the last time she was there. She opened her eyes and told him West 37th Street Manhattan. 
Roughly twenty-two minutes later, Loretta Payne had arrived at her destination. She hoped the man she was looking for was home. More than likely he was, but she still hoped anyway. 
Loretta walked up to a large brick building. Outside were several trash cans full to the top. One of the cans had been pushed down and trashed had flowed onto the street. She walked up the steps of the apartment building called Hillcrest. Several individuals were sitting on the front steps of the building. All of them were smoking. There were two problems with the picture before Agent Payne. One they were smoking marijuana; and two the oldest person sitting out there appeared to be no older than fifteen. Loretta pushed past them and entered the building. She began to walk down a corridor. She noticed the walls had been repainted since the last time she was here. As she reached the end of the hallway she turned to her right and began to ascend a set of stairs. She had her bag in her left hand and grabbed the rail with her right. As soon as her hand grasped the rail she realized that this was a mistake. There was a sticky moist film on the rail. Loretta quickly jerked her hand away and wiped it on her pant leg.
Once she was on the second floor, Payne passed two apartment doors before stopping at apartment 238. She knocked twice. There was no answer. Loretta hoped he was here, so she tried again.
“Who is it?” a voiced yelled. 
“Who do you think it is?”
The door flew open and a chunky white man with long blonde hair and scraggly facial hair faced Loretta. He wore a tank top that he should have stopped wearing sixty pounds ago. His pants were supposed to be denim blue jeans; instead they were nearly black. The lack of washing them contributed to their color as well. 
“Loretta!” the man exclaimed.
“Joe Blow!” Loretta yelled. 
“How long has it been?” 
“Too long.”
Joe stepped aside and held his hand toward his apartment. Loretta walked in and set her bag beside the door. Joe closed the door and followed. He pushed aside some empty pizza boxes and sat on the couch. Loretta grabbed a bar stool and sat across from Joe. She realized that the apartment was horrendous. There were fast food wrappers everywhere. Payne wondered if Joe had been collecting them. The place smelled of wet dog and garlic, with a side of farts and musty butt. This was the kingdom of a genius. 
“What brings you to NY?”
“Assignment.”
“Please tell me you want my help. I have not had any exciting things to do since the last time you came. That was what…two years ago,” Joe looked at his stomach, “and seventy pounds ago as well.”
“Actually I do need your help. I need names of people who have had interactions with Taylor Fabian on a professional level, who also have the same night owl complex as the Father of the Brotherhood of Unity.”
“You always bring me the good stuff. I get aroused just seeing you because of jobs like this.”
Loretta chuckled because she knew he was telling the truth. Years ago Joseph von Blumenthal was a computer hacker. He was the greatest at what he did. He was paid by computer companies to try to hack into their systems. The big names in antivirus software called his name when they wanted to test a new product. Eventually Joe grew tired of that life. His skills caught the eye of Matthew Reid. Reid sent Agent Payne to speak with Joe about working with API. Joe declined initially, he changed his mind eventually. Ever since then he has been operating in New York. He monitors a lot of things in New York. Every so often Reid will give him a new target to monitor. His overweight frame and nonchalant attitude toward hygiene made him the perfect guy for tasks like his. He is unofficially a part of API, but he is vitally important. 
“I have some beers in the fridge if you want one.”
“Thanks Joe,” Loretta replied walking over to the refrigerator. 
“So have you been able to keep the science project and the maniac in check?” Joe said while walking over to his huge table of computers. 
“I don’t think there is a single person alive that could keep Hall and Miller in check. Just this morning a little after midnight, they shot up a night club and led a high speed chase through the city.”
“That town isn't that big. Why were they going on a high speed chase? I bet you the maniac was driving.”
“I don’t know for sure, but I would put money on it that he was. Silas is a completely different person around Jason. He allows Jason to do pretty much what he wants and that usually leads to them getting into trouble.”
“I know," Joe said before frowinig. "Wait a minute, why are they even on the same task? I thought you guys were keeping them apart.”
“Ask Reid. I never know what Reid is thinking when he makes a decision like that.”
Joe chuckled and tapped away on his computer. On the screen was a webpage for the Federal Bureau of Investigation. Loretta grew nervous. As an API agent she knew to steer clear of the initials involved with the Department of Justice. Joe could sense that Loretta was nervous. 
“Don’t be nervous. They aren’t gonna come crashing through my window.”
“How do you know?”
“Because I helped create their computer network,” Joe said with a smirk and a chuckle. “Here look, read this.”
Loretta read a report on a murder in a building called Trooper Corp in Manhattan. The board members of the organization had gone missing. The FBI was keeping things quiet. Loretta knew that Trooper Corp was a division of WorldTech; they made weapons. Daniel Trooper, CEO and founder of Trooper Corp, was one of the missing. She knew that if the FBI were investigating this and were keeping it silent; they wanted Fabian to know nothing about it. That meant that they were going to try to go after him again. More than likely the entire Department of Justice would go after Fabian. If they did they would fail…again.
What Loretta couldn’t figure out was why Fabian would have Daniel and the Board of Directors killed. He owned Trooper Corp. She knew that Taylor Fabian had bought Trooper Corp a few months ago because it was on the news. Why kill him? Loretta needed to get closer to Fabian to figure out what was going on. 
“Joe, where did Daniel Trooper live?” Loretta asked.
Joe switched to another computer and began to type like a madman. He paused and glanced at the screen. Then he resumed typing. He eventually looked up and slid his chair back. Loretta stepped up and read the screen. She was amazed that Joe was able to acquire this amount of essential and confidential information on Daniel Trooper. Loretta read the information silently.
Daniel Trooper
Age: 43
Marital Status: Married
Spouse’s Name: Elaine Trooper
Occupation: Weapons Development; Research and Development; CEO of Trooper Corporation.
Address:  Park Avenue; Manhattan, New York 10017
Children: Three (two girls, one boy)
SSN: 11-25-9658
Home Phone Number: 212-555-0011
Cell Phone Number: 212-555-8189
“Joe, how far is this address from here?”
Joe slid his rolling chair over to the computer and glanced at the screen. He then leaned back in his chair. It squealed from the pressure of his weight. He closed his left eye and began to think. His lips poked out to show that he was deep in thought. He pulled up his right hand, which was balled into a fist; then he extended his index finger. About ten seconds later he responded. 
“About fifteen minutes. I believe it is six blocks east.” 
“Cool. Joe would you mind if I left my things here while I went there?”
“Na, I don’t mind, but do you really think you can get into that place? Fabian knows that we probably are on his trail so he will have people watching that place.”
“I'm good at blending in,” Loretta said smiling. 
Loretta threw on her jacket and left the apartment. She got onto the street and began to walk. After two blocks she hailed a cab and gave him the address. He frowned initially then drove off towards the place she told him. Minutes later, and many curse words later Loretta arrived at the building. The building was large and magnificent. She could tell just by looking at the building that a person had to have substance to even consider living there. The place had a door man at the front door. 
Before Loretta got out of the cab she looked through the badges she had been given by Dr. Rollins the night before. She had been given two badges; one was for Special Agent Lois Hill of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The second was for Loretta Washington of the New York City Police Department. Loretta played it safe and grabbed the one for the police department. She felt it would be easier to portray a police officer than a Federal agent. She placed the badge inside her inner jacket pocket. The other she placed in her back pocket. Loretta then headed to the front door and greeted the door man.
“Hello, sir I am Loretta Washington with the New York Police Department. I am here to speak with a Mrs. Elaine Trooper.”
The door man who was an older man, around his mid-fifties, with gray hair that had hints of his youthful red peppered around, glanced at Loretta and asked to see some identification. Loretta pulled out her badge and flashed it in front of the doorman. He leaned forward to see it. He shook his head; Loretta grew worried. 
“They changed the way those things look. I used to be with the sixteenth precinct. The badges look different than they did years ago. Tell me, where do you work?”
“I work in the eighteenth.”
“Do you know an Office Jerrod?”
“No, can’t say that I have. Now that I got bumped up to senior detective I try to stay in the office as least as possible.”
“I know what you mean. I’ll buzz you up. Mrs. Trooper is on the fifth floor. It’s a shame what happened to her husband. I hope you guys can manage to give her closure.”
“Well we don’t know if he’s dead yet.”
“Yeah well just in case I hope she can find closure.
As Loretta walked inside she turned and responded, “So do I.”
As she reached the fifth floor, Loretta realized that the fifth, sixth, and seventh floors all belonged to the Troopers. Loretta knocked on the door of the condo on the fifth floor.
“Who is it?” a female voice called.
“New York Police,” Loretta responded.
Several locks made noise as Elaine Trooper unlocked the door. Then she opened the door. She was a woman who looked to be about 40 years old. Her hair was blonde. Her eyes were puffy and slightly pink. She had been crying recently. She held a tissue in her left hand. Her jeans blue jean pants were dingy and well-worn. Her once white blouse was now an eggshell color. She looked up at Loretta. 
“May I help you? Have you all figured out why this happened to Daniel?”
“No ma’am. I am Detective Loretta Washington. May I come in and ask you a few questions?”
Elaine said nothing; she only turned and walked inside. The apartment was elegant; everything was white. Even the carpet was white and was spotless without a single blemish. A line of shoes sat beside the front door. Normally the Troopers wanted everyone to set their shoes there. Mrs. Trooper was so devastated that she had not bothered to ask Loretta to do so. By the time Loretta noticed the shoes she had already walked on the carpet. She would later be glad she had not taken off her shoes. 
Mrs. Trooper sat at a vast glass table. There were several chairs seated at the table. Loretta took it upon herself to sit across from the grieving widow. Loretta noticed how stylish the family room in which they sat was. There was one couch that formed a right angle that sat around a glass coffee table. On the wall beyond the family table was a flat screen television. Next to the television were several shelves of family photographs. The table in which Loretta and Elaine sat contained several articles of mail and salt and pepper shakers. Loretta did not want to marvel too much so she turned her attention to Elaine.
“Can I ask you a few questions about your husband?”
“I guess so. The police and the FBI have been here already though. I figured they had all the information that they needed.”
“When matters are as violent as this one, we want to make sure that we have all of the facts that we can gather.”
Elaine frowned for a second then allowed her face to return to a countenance that showed a sense of being forlorn. At times like this Loretta felt determined to finish her job as well as provide closure for the family members left behind. This was not the first time she was forced to compel family members to relive horrific incidents. Only now she had begun to accustom herself to it by convincing herself that she was doing this for their good. 
“Did your husband have any business deals that were going bad?” Loretta began.
“Danny spoke very little about work. I knew he had a few government contracts, and he provided weapons for a few private security contractors. That is where most of our money comes from. The government uses us some, but it is the few private contractors that provide most of our money.”
Loretta nodded. She wondered if Whitenight was one of those groups. Whitenight was a private security group that had gone on missions all over Africa, Eastern Europe and the Middle East. Because of things that happened in Africa about thirteen years ago they were no longer recognized by the US government. In the past thirteen years they'd moved from being viewed as vigilantes to outright terrorists. Furthermore, there were murmurings that they had been doing genetic testing to recreate the serum that gave Silas his abilities.
“Can you tell me any of the private security companies Trooper Corp has dealt with?”
Elaine frowned, “I told the FBI agents that all the companies’ names are confidential.”
“I knew that, but we believe that maybe it was one of your clients who did this to your husband.”
“I don’t deal with Danny’s business too often.”
“I understand that, but isn’t there a notebook or a ledger that would have these things in it.”
Elaine thought for a second. She then got up and walked out of the room. Loretta was slightly nervous. She had no idea what Elaine was doing in the other room. She could have been working with Fabian. This entire thing could have been a set up. Loretta thought through the events that had transpired since arriving at the condominium. There was nothing that seemed like a set up. She remembered looking into Elaine’s light green eyes and seeing something she had seen six years ago in the eyes of a young boy who had just lost his family. The young boy took every bit of punishment that Loretta threw at him. He continued to come back every day. He continuously spoke of avenging his parents. He made his outer shell tough and rugged. Unfortunately, Silas could not hide the fear of failure. 
Elaine returned about five minutes later with a black flash drive. She handed it to Loretta. Loretta wondered what was on the flash drive. 
“This is the thing that he kept separate from all of his other things. I never asked him why. I guess I was afraid of what the answer would be if I asked.” Elaine paused then looked towards the television which was on, but was muted. Elaine then frowned and returned her gaze to Loretta. “You know I didn’t tell the other people who were here this, but I sometimes believed that Daniel was into something illegal.”
“What makes you say that?”
“He seemed so afraid at times. Danny would sometimes get jumpy when the phone rang. Then one time a Dr. Goode stopped by, and once he left, Danny seemed to fall into a temporary depression. Things got worse about six months ago when Taylor Fabian bought out the company. Danny talked about it as if he had no choice in the matter. After meeting Fabian I understood why Danny didn’t like him. But that also raised questions about why he went into business with him.” Elaine had begun to temporarily rise out of her stupor. “Once Fabian took over he began calling here often. The weird thing was that he mainly called at night. I would ask Danny what the call was about and why so late. Danny’s response was always the same.”
“What was that?”
“It’s just business. What really made me think that something odd was going on was about a month ago. Taylor called at twelve fifteen in the morning. I went into the kitchen and listened in. I was too late and all that I heard was Fabian’s vile voice saying something about a ‘project golden regal.’ I have no idea what that even means.” 
There was a knock at the door. Loretta was nervous as she stood with the flash drive in her hand. As Elaine opened the door, Loretta slid out of view of the person at the door. Elaine had very little time to ask who the people were at the door before blood splattered behind her. Her body quickly hit the floor and the blood from her head wet the white carpet turning it a deep red. She was dead before she hit the floor. No one at a distance could have heard the small, short ping from the gun with a suppressor. 
The woman who stepped inside the condo was brazen and stupid. As soon as she stepped in she was shot herself twice in the chest. She was dead as well. Loretta lowered her gun and made her way into another room. The room that was next to the family room had a doorway that led into the hallway. Loretta jumped into the room and rolled over a bed. She squatted onto the floor and waited to hear footsteps. As the footsteps came near the front door she let off two shots in their direction. They dropped back out of Loretta’s line of fire. They stood on either side of the doorway and fired several times into the room. Loretta waited for the shots to stop. As soon as the last bullet left the barrel of her pursuers she returned fire. They had not expected return fire so quickly. They dodged out of the way just in time to not be hit. They hit the floor trying not to be hit. This was Loretta’s time to move. 
Loretta bolted for the door to the hallway. She had not stopped to think whether or not there were people in the hallway. She only knew that she did not want to have a gun fight in a bedroom. She left the room and ran into the hallway. Once she was in the hallway, she noticed that there was no one in the corridor. Loretta ran as fast she could towards the elevator. She pushed the button to go down. She glanced back towards the doors and saw that two individuals were exiting the condo. Loretta had no time to wait for the elevator. She saw a door to the stairs. Loretta ran towards the door and began running down the steps. Behind her she heard several gun shots ring past her. She turned quickly and fired two shots. Loretta got to the second floor, when a man ran out of the door. 
The man swung at Loretta. Loretta expected it and leaned back out of the path of the punch. Loretta held the flash drive Elaine had given her in her left hand. She then punched the man in the ribs. He dropped his elbow to protect the area. Loretta then kicked her left leg out and hit the side of the man’s knee; the man went down. She then struck him in the back of the neck. Loretta turned and fired a shot up the stairs and hit a man in the arm. This slowed the man down, but it did not stop him. Loretta continued her descent. 
Once she reached the bottom level, she ran out and paid no attention to the door man. Loretta ran as fast as she could. Once she was as far away as she felt she needed to be, she slowed and hailed a cab. She looked at her watch it was one fourteen. She had not been in New York for a full day and she had already been shot at, she was on the right track.
Chapter 14
Silas arrived at API headquarters around eleven fifteen the morning Loretta left. He had found a safe house for Shelly. Silas was not sure anyone would be after her, but he did not want to take a chance. Jason was already at headquarters when Silas arrived. Silas wondered how Jason survived on so little sleep. He walked up to him and the two of them collaborated on their next move. 
“Silas I am glad to see that you are here. I talked to Dr. Xavier and Dr. Rollins this morning. We have bad news,” Jason stated.
“What is it Jason?” Silas said hoping that Jason was making a mountain out of a mole hill.
“We checked for the tracking device you put on the big guy. We ain’t get nothing. We tried to boost the power of our search. Either he has passed our area or he found the chip.”
Silas thought for a second. He thought back to the night before when the two guys came into his apartment. They beat him and obviously knew that he could not heal from a gunshot wound to the head. Why did they not kill him and be done with him? If they knew how to kill him they had to know other things, such as threatening him would not keep him away. They had to know that he would continue his investigation. It was almost as if they wanted him to continue investigating the murders. Silas wondered about what Mario had said the night before; Mario told him and Jason that Taylor Fabian was using Whitenight as his own personal bodyguards. He also told them that he stop getting weapons from him several months ago.
“Jason, do you remember when that big weapons company was bought out by WorldTech?” Silas asked.
“Hmm, yeah a few months ago. What was the name of that company?” Jason asked this question to himself more than to anyone in particular. “I believe it was the Trooper Corporation.”
Silas’ eyes widened. He knew that he had to speak to someone with ties to Whitenight. In North Carolina there was only one person. 
“Jason, who do we know in Whitenight that we can talk to?” Silas asked this with a smile.
“Hell no. I'm not going to see Bruno,” Jason answered adamantly. 
“J, Bruno is our only chance. We find Bruno we may find Alana and learn what Taylor Fabian is planning.”
“But I really don’t care too much for seeing Bruno. How about I stay here and you go see Bruno alone. I will try to see if we can boost the power in this computer thing to track…your…friend.”
Silas thought it was funny how Jason tried to all of a sudden pretend like he knew about computers. Silas had no intention of throwing Jason any rope. “I am sure Dr. Xavier and Dr. Rollins can handle the computer work on their own.” Silas said this pointing to the two doctors who were nodding in agreement with wide grins painted on their faces. 
Jason stared forward in anger. He wanted no part of Bruno. Jason was not afraid of Bruno; he merely did not want to deal with the behemoth. The beast known as Bruno was a former bodybuilder, who left competition to join the likes of assassins and mercenaries. Bruno lived just outside of town in a city called Raleigh. It would take them only twenty minutes to arrive there. Silas smiled and walked off knowing that Jason would reluctantly follow.
Jason was really an odd man. He rarely hesitated to kill anyone and he feared no one. Jason would even stand against an army if it meant he could shoot some people or do them other forms of bodily harm, but for some reason the beast known as Bruno was able to cause Jason to flinch. 
Once the two of them were in the hangar, Silas could tell that Jason did not want to go. He could tell this when Silas hopped in the driver’s seat of the Camaro and Jason said nothing.  Silas pushed a button and the car raised up to the surface level. Then he roared off through the field and onto the Cromarty Road towards highway US 1. 
Once he was on the highway Silas made sure to maintain a normal speed. Although the damage to the car had been fixed, he did not want to take a chance at making the car stand out. Along the way Jason was silent. This was unusual because Jason had a tendency to be a chatterbox. Silas took great pleasure in this. The man, who had shot down sixteen expertly trained assassins without back up, was afraid of a former bodybuilder. Silas thought this was hilarious, but he was polite enough to keep it to himself. 
“Jason, are you going to be okay?”
Jason turned to Silas and gave him the most wicked and hateful look he could muster. He knew that Silas was restraining himself from laughter. 
“I don’t know why you think this is funny. The guys who took your girl probably raped and killed her by now. Then all of this will be pointless.”
“You can really be a sick guy Jason. Why would you say something as despicable as that anyway? Besides I am pretty sure Alana is alive. “
“What makes you think that Sy?” Jason said with his voice half full of sarcasm, half full of intrigue. 
“When they were in my house the little guy said that they knew how to kill me. They knew about me not being able to heal from a fatal head wound. That is an intricate detail about me; if they knew that, they knew my character. They knew that a threat would not stop me. If they really wanted to stop me and keep me away they would have killed me then and there. I believe they want me to find something and just in case I don’t find the right path in time they left a bread trail in Alana.”
By this time Jason had temporarily allowed his anger to subside and his inquisitive side to surface. He wanted to know what Silas was hinting at; he knew it would be important. “Silas what are you talking about? What are you trying to say?”
“I believe Taylor Fabian has traitors in his organization.”
For the next fifteen minutes Silas and Jason sat in silence. Soon after they saw a sign that read “Welcome to Raleigh. The Capitol City.” Jason’s bad attitude returned upon seeing this sign. Silas felt it was finally time to console Jason and tell him what his plan was. 
“Jason, I will do all of the talking. The only thing is that I have no idea who is with Bruno. So I will need you to back me up while I speak with the monster.” Silas then turned off of US 1 onto W. Peace Street. 
Silas stopped in front of a house that was made of brick. It had two massive Dobermans outside. Silas then passed the house and parked about half a mile down the road in the parking lot of a hotel. Silas turned the engine off and pulled out his pistol and made sure it was fully loaded. Jason did the same, but made sure that he had two more guns. He was the first to exit the vehicle. He placed one gun in the waist band of his pants. Then he put on his shoulder holster and placed the second and third guns in the holster. Silas smiled and got out putting his one gun in his back inside his pants waistband. The two of them pulled on jackets, both black. 
Silas moved first. He was clothed in blue jeans and a short sleeved shirt with buttons up the entire front side. The shirt was checked in blue, yellow and white. He wore black Reebok tennis shoes. Jason was dressed in black jeans and white Nike tennis shoes and wore a white t-shirt. He had a black and white fitted cap with the letter A, which represented the Atlanta Braves baseball team. 
Silas and Jason approached the house with caution. Jason went to the front door and pretended to ring the doorbell at the same time he threw handfuls of beef jerky at the Doberman Pinschers. Meanwhile Silas went around to the back door and picked the lock. It took him no time because Bruno had not locked the bolt lock, only the one on the doorknob. 
Silas tiptoed into the house. Silas was grateful for Jason preoccupying the dogs in the front yard. Silas moved through the kitchen and was disgusted at the shape in which the kitchen was. He noticed flies flying around a sink full of dishes. On the worn out kitchen table were many empty fast food containers. The three chairs that surrounded the table were ragged; the seats were torn and the stuffing had begun to escape.
Next Silas made his way into the living room. There was not much to look at other than a television and a single couch that was torn and repaired with duct tape. Silas then journeyed across the living room to the front door and slowly and cautiously unlocked it. Jason stood there with an impatient and perturbed look upon his face. He walked in and twisted his face in repugnance. He could not see how someone could live in filth like this. Silas put his right index finger to his lips, signaling to Jason to remain quiet. Silas then turned away from the door and headed towards the only bedroom in the house. 
Jason pulled one of his guns and followed Silas. He wondered how long he would be able to stand the smell of the house. It smelled of must and unwashed genitals. The two men passed a bathroom and found their noses being bombarded with the smell of feces and must. Jason reached to pull the door closed. It creaked loudly. Silas swatted Jason’s hand and the two of them stood in silence. When they heard nothing, they continued forward. They reached a bedroom. Now Silas pulled his gun and prepared for the worse.
The bedroom was bare. On the floor were used condoms and empty fast food containers. There were also small plastic bags that once contained crack cocaine. There was no furniture in the room other than a nightstand. Across from the bedroom door was a box spring which sat under an old mattress. There were no sheets or blankets on the bed. The nightstand that was next to the bed had a bag of marijuana on it.
On the bed was a figure that was hulking with muscle. Silas and Jason wondered how Bruno did so many drugs and still managed to stay so huge. Bruno had short hair now, and wore no pants only underwear. This was much to the dismay of Jason and Silas. Bruno was topless as well. Jason felt more and more angry as he came closer to Bruno. Silas leaned close to Bruno’s ear.
“Brunoooo,” Silas whispered.
Bruno turned quickly and rolled over to the other side of the bed. Jason and Silas quickly pulled up their pistols and aimed them at Bruno. Bruno sat still and watched the two agents. 
“Hall, what do you want?” Bruno said in a high-pitched feminine voice. Bruno then stood and exposed her breast to Jason and Silas. 
“I don’t know what Silas wants, but I want you to put a shirt on or something,” Jason said to the woman with the masculine face and huge, misshapen breasts that were the result of implants and steroids. 
“Jason I know you only say things like that because you want me. I will let you in on a secret, I want you to. I want you inside me going in and out until you explode. I want to have your kids,” Bruno said with a smirk on her face. 
Jason coughed to hold down the vomit that was trying to come up. He tried to refocus on Bruno, but found it difficult to focus on her man-like body. Almost any other time Jason would appreciate seeing a topless woman in a thong, beckoning him to have sex with her; this was not one of those times. Instead he turned his back and allowed Silas to do the talking. 
“Bruno, I am going to lower my gun now that you know it is me.” Silas lowered his gun and Bruno walked around to Silas’ side and sat down. “I came here to see if you have any knowledge of what is going on inside Whitenight?”
“If I did, why would I tell you? That would be like biting the hand that’s feedin’ you.”
“Look, Bruno you are an intelligent woman,” Jason laughed as Silas spoke. “I just want your help. No one will know you even said anything. Look I believe Whitenight is involved in some crooked things that could put a lot of people in danger.”
“Well that is what we do Silas.”
The more Silas saw of Bruno the more disgusted he got. He tried not to be like Jason. He knew that the only way he would get any information out of Bruno was to be polite to her. Silas put on his best sympathy face and pleaded with Bruno for her help.
“Look the Brotherhood of Unity is an evil organization. Taylor Fabian killed his own wife to get ahead; he will not hesitate to do the same to Whitenight. You help me, I stop Fabian; I stop Fabian, and Whitenight doesn’t get screwed over.”
Bruno thought for second and stood up and walked to the other side of her bed. She pulled down her thong. Jason turned thinking it was safe. “Aww, man!” he exclaimed as he turned back around. 
Bruno revealed her unattractive muscular body as she thought to herself. Silas thought she was hideous. He saw veins popping out all over her body; she even had veins in her breasts. There were veins that traveled down her rock hard abdomen. Silas tried to stop his eyes from traveling down Bruno’s body, but it was almost as if he was watching a car crash; he could not turn away. The veins continued down to her pubic area. It was shaven clean with a tattoo that read ‘Bruno’s Diner; Eat Up.’ Silas lowered his head to the floor in disgust; he hated himself for looking and was grateful when he looked back up. Bruno was pulling on a shirt and jeans. She then slid on a pair of tennis shoes. 
“If I help you it will be on my terms. Also if I help you it will only be because of self-preservation. Understood?”
Jason had turned back around and nodded in unison with Silas. Bruno walked past them, but made sure she stopped and blew a kiss to Jason. “You two stay here and I will get what I have on Whitenight.” Bruno then left the room. 
“Jason, I think she likes you,” Silas began.
“And I think you’re a jackass,” Jason retorted.
Silas laughed; just as quickly as he had begun to laugh he dropped it. Before he could say anything Jason let off four shots killing both Doberman’s that had entered the room. The two men took off running. They ran out of the house and saw Bruno running down Peace Street towards the intersection of West Peace and N. West Street. Silas and Jason followed her on foot. Silas could see that she was on a cellular phone. This was not good.
Because of Silas’ special abilities he was able to quickly outrun Jason. When Jason had grown tired, Silas still ran strong. By the time Silas had crossed the intersection Jason was nowhere to be seen. Silas slowed because he had managed to lose Bruno. Then a gunshot rang behind him. Bruno had turned on to N. West and was behind him. Silas turned and ran after her. He had Bruno in his sights when he heard a familiar ping sound. He jumped to the right and landed on his stomach as a bullet hit the ground next to him. Silas then rolled to his right. He got up and ran across a parking lot; there was a brick building there. Silas ran behind it and waited. There was an alley there and he stood at the front of the alley with his back to a dumpster. At the end of the alley he heard slight movement.
Bruno knew she could sneak up on Silas. She made no sound at all as she crept from behind the dumpster. She could see Silas peeking around the corner trying to see where the shot had come from. Bruno had her gun out and prepared to shoot Silas in the back of the head. She had not once stopped to think what if Silas knew she was there all along. Just as she was about to pull the trigger, Silas swung around and to her left. He hit her wrist with his fist and caused her to drop her gun. Then just as he pulled back his wrist he struck with his other fist to her collar bone. Bruno dropped to her knees in pain. Then Silas pulled his pistol up and pointed it at her. 
“Who are the guys that Fabian sent to my house and where can I find them?” Silas demanded without a single bit of humor. 
Bruno smirked quickly, but let it drop. She then made a mistake and let her eyes momentarily go past Silas. Silas dropped to the ground as the shooter shot and hit Bruno in the neck. Her hands flew up as she gagged on her own blood. Once Silas was on the ground he shot once at the shooter and hit him in the shoulder. This forced the shooter to drop his gun. He was down, but not out. He turned and began running down the street. Silas was in pursuit. 
Jason was amazed at Silas speed, stamina, and most of all his healing ability. He had seen Silas get shot many times, yet the two of them still were alive to work together. Sometimes Jason found himself becoming slightly jealous of Silas. Silas could do so much and he so little in comparison. For that reason as (well as the fact that he was slightly imbalanced) Jason acted the way he did in API. He never wanted to feel inferior, so he acted brash and cocky whenever the chance arrived.
Jason hopped into the car and started the engine and roared down the street. He turned down N. West Street and saw Silas chasing a Caucasian man dressed in black. Silas turned down a corner and was now running down Cleveland Street. Jason sped up and caught up to Silas. Silas paid no attention to him; he only focused on his target.
Silas followed the man into a building. As Silas opened the door to the apartment building several shots rang out. One of them hit him in the right shoulder. Silas fell back onto the pavement in pain. He writhed for a few seconds before the bullet fell out of his shoulder onto the ground. Silas slowly made his way onto his feet and ran into the apartment building. Silas had no idea where to go. He turned towards the elevator when he heard a faint whisper in the staircase. Silas slowly made his way up the stairs. Along the wall he could see smeared blood against the wall. He was on the right path. 
Silas had climbed the stairs until he reached the fourth floor. There he left the staircase and slowly walked past the apartments. He had his gun pulled and listened for any sound he could hear. He passed apartment 4A, 4B, 4C; he heard nothing. Finally at apartment 4K he heard the sound of a small child sniffling. Silas closed his eyes and thought of what he was going to do. He walked past the door. Suddenly in one movement he doubled back and kicked the door open. He pushed his gun through first as he cautiously entered. There was an Asian family in the room. They had a look of horror on their face. There were two children sitting next to a window. In their hands was a clothes line. It was the type that ran building to building. Silas knew what his target had done. He had used the clothes line to reach the other building and then he cut the line.
Silas wondered if he could go into another apartment and do the same, but by the time he did that the man would have been long gone. That also left going back down the stairs out of the question. This left Silas with only one choice.
He stood back and took a running start towards the window and leapt through it. Once he was in the air he realized he should have thought this through more. He crashed through the window of the opposite building and hit the floor of the apartment hard. As he stood to his feet he saw his target standing at the door of the apartment. He had a look of amazement on his face. The man was taken out of shock when Silas quickly drew his gun and fired twice at him. The man left the apartment too quickly and Silas missed him. Silas would have cursed; if he did. Instead he continued to chase the man. 
The man knocked down everyone in his path. His goal was to lose the mad man who had just leapt building to building and showed no signs of letting up. He was terrified. The man repeatedly asked himself why he took this job. He regretted answering the phone when Bruno called. Furthermore he regretted being in the neighborhood when she called. He wondered what Silas would do to him if he caught him. 
The man hurried down the steps of the apartment building and ran out the front door. He thought he was home free when he saw another man, who was slightly taller than Silas, running towards the building. Silas suddenly emerged from the building, pulled out a gun and fired once hitting the shooter in the back of his thigh. The man went down hard. As he tried to get up again he was hit by the second man who was with Silas. The last thing he heard was the two of them talking about taking him somewhere safe. 
“Wake up,” Silas commanded in a very high tone of voice. “Wake up sleepy head.” Silas said this with a hint of compassion in his voice. The man began to become relaxed until he felt a hard slap against his face. 
The man who Silas chased was tied to a tree near Northshore Lake. He wondered why Silas and Jason had not killed him.
“Jason is an expert at tying knots so trying to wriggle out won’t work,” Silas said.
There was nothing but trees around them. This was the assassin’s worst nightmare. He had been caught by Silas and he had no way of getting free again. He looked in front of him and saw Silas and another gentleman he did not now. He noticed the guy was taller and slimmer than Silas. He remained silent as Silas spoke; he was sure that the tall man had slapped him. 
“I guess that woke you up. My friend here doesn’t have a lot of patience you see.”
As hard as he fought, the shooter could not stop the single tear from escaping his eye. Truthfully he had only been a Whitenight shooter for roughly three months. He was excellent in marksmanship, but he had no training in what to do if he were ever caught. He had heard stories of Silas Hall, but he had no idea what was true and what was legend. 
“We are going to start with something easy. What is your name?” Silas began.
The man looked around. Past a few of the trees he could see a lake. He saw that there were a few people there who strolled along the edge of the lake. A few more were on a pier doing some fishing. He could scream for them, but he knew that by the time anyone heard him and arrived, Silas would have put a bullet in him and moved on. He knew his best bet would be to hold out and hope someone would come along jogging or something.
Silas grew angry and waved to Jason. Jason pulled out a pocket knife and heated the blade until it turned black and hot. Silas walked over to the shooter and placed a balled up cloth in his mouth. Jason then proceeded to jab the hot knife in the shooter’s arm and twist it. The shooter tried to yell, but his screams were muffled. Silas pulled the cloth down to see if he was ready to talk. The shooter managed to squeeze out a mumble.
“Melvin…Melvin Kearney,” the shooter answered.
“Well Melvin, do you know who me and my partner are?”
The pain in his shoulder began to bother him, but Melvin fought through it to respond to Silas’ question.
“You are Silas Hall an agent for API. I’m not sure who your partner is though.” Melvin said this with shallow breaths because he was quickly losing blood and energy. He fought to stay focused on Silas. 
“That’s good enough. Well I have a few questions for you. First of all do you know anything about two guys who were sent to my home a few days ago?”
Melvin nodded showing that he did have knowledge of it.
“Can you tell me who they are?”
Melvin said nothing. Silas waved to Jason and he began to heat the blade again. Melvin squirmed before agreeing to continue.
“The little one is called…” Melvin paused and closed his eyes in pain. He had not noticed until now that several more tears had left his eyes. He fought through them and the pain to continue. “Ace; the big one is like you; his name is Atlas. They’re from Germany; Adler and Zigfrid Werner are their real names.”
“What do you mean Atlas is like me?” Silas asked.
“We know all about you and we study you for weeks. We know about the Guardian Serum that you took that makes you so hard to kill. Whitenight is constantly trying to recreate the stuff. Zigfrid is one of the subjects. It didn’t work; he just got really strong, and he can’t feel pain. Other than that it was a failure. There’s a bunch of others, but they aren’t ready yet. I don’t know anything else about them.”
Silas pondered what Melvin was saying. Jason took it upon himself to speak up. 
“Melvin, is Whitenight planning anything big?”
“I don’t know. A few months ago we learned that we had better weapons. Then I was still in training so I paid no attention to it. Then I started seeing Taylor Fabian at the training house. He had been walking and talking with Adler and Zigfrid. A few days later I heard that he had bought Trooper Corp. I figured that’s where the weapons came from.”
Silas had regained his composure. He then took over the questioning. 
“Does Whitenight or the Brotherhood of Unity have anything to do with the subliminal messages in the video games,” Silas asked.
Melvin looked confused. He sincerely had no idea what Silas was talking about. Silas realized that Melvin was out of the inner circle of Whitenight. He was nothing more than an assassin who was given an order to kill a person from afar. This was the task given to assassins because if they found out details they could develop remorse and back out of an assignment. Melvin belonged nowhere near this line of work. 
“How did you get to Bruno’s so fast?” Jason asked.
Melvin sighed and reluctantly answered, “We are…”
“Ahh man eww. I’m sorry I asked; that’s just gross. How do you...? Who’s the man? No I don’t wanna know.”
“So you were leaving; when we arrived?” Silas asked.
“Yeah we had just finished…you know. In my rearview mirror I saw you two sneaking around the house.”
Silas turned and pulled Jason aside.
“Melvin has no idea about the video games,” Silas started.
“I kind of picked up on that. I think our best choice is to find the guys who took your girl. Let’s see if he at least knows that.”
“Melvin, can you tell me where I could find Ace and Atlas?” Silas asked politely.
“I couldn’t they’d kill me,” Melvin responded.
“I will kill you if you don’t answer the question,” Jason spoke.
Melvin felt as if he had betrayed those who had helped him so much. He couldn’t reveal anymore. Melvin knew he had to find a way that Silas and Jason would be satisfied and he would live. He slowly grew to understand that that was not going to happen. Melvin decided to stick with Whitenight, so he remained silent.
Jason pulled out a knife and a cigarette lighter. He flicked it and held the flame near the knife. Jason held the flame there until the knife began to turn a black color. He slowly walked towards Melvin. Silas tied a gag around his mouth. Melvin knew what they were going to do so he squirmed and writhed in fear. Jason smiled all the while, he inched closer and closer to Melvin’s gun wound in his shoulder.
As the knife went inside, Melvin cried out in pain again, but no one heard. The pain was excruciating; Jason made matters worse when he twisted the knife around. Melvin thought to himself that Whitenight had allowed him to get in this predicament. He no longer cared for them. He felt like Winston Smith in George Orwell’s Nineteen Eighty-Four and suddenly loved his tormentors.
Once Jason took the knife out and Silas pulled the gag down. Melvin sang like a bird. His breathing was shallow. His forehead was drenched in sweat. Blood poured from his shoulder. Melvin repeated the same two words through his pained breaths.
“Winston-Salem, Winston-Salem, Winston-Salem. Adler and Zigfrid are in Winston-Salem. They are on a road called…Reynolda. Please just let me go.”
“Thank you Melvin we appreciate your cooperation. Once we are a safe distance away we will call the paramedics. We can’t have you telling them everything and we are still in the area. For now we will leave you here.” Silas then put the gag back on and tied Melvin to the tree with rope. “And once we are some ways away we will call some help for you.”
Jason thought and then ran back and swiftly pulled the gag down, “Are they American?”
“No, I told you they are German. They came here about ten years ago and then once they got the money they moved their parents here.”
“Family members…who is alive and where?”
“Their mother is the only parent alive; Adler the little one has a son and a daughter. His wife has them in Houston Texas. Zigfrid got nothing.”
Jason replaced the gag. He then gave patted Melvin’s cheek three quick times. He thanked him and rejoined Silas.
As Silas and Jason walked away, Melvin knew they would forget all about him. They would let him die there. He always figured he would die in this line of work, but he had hoped it would be in a line of fire not tied to a tree in North Carolina. 
Once they were ten minutes away Jason pulled over the car. Silas walked over to a pay phone and called 911. He gave them Melvin’s location and made sure to tell them to check the bullets in Bruno and match them to Melvin’s gun which was covered in his prints. Silas had placed Melvin’s gun several feet behind Melvin. Melvin would be tied to the tree expecting to die only to be elated when the paramedics to arrive. Then his hopes will crash down when he learns he will be tried for murder. Silas laughed as he got back into the car. He looked down at his watch it was now nine minutes past one. They had an hour and a half drive ahead of them.
Chapter 15
Loretta smiled to herself as she rode in the cab that afternoon in New York. She checked to see how much time she had left in the day. It was just after one in the afternoon and she had lots of work to do. First she had to get back to Joe’s. She told the cab driver to take her to West 37th street. He nodded in agreement and sped off down the road. 
Taylor Fabian sat on the edge of his bed. He was livid at what he was hearing. There was no way that API could have gotten so close to him so quickly. He was not foolish; he knew they would eventually be on to him, but how did it happen so quickly?
“Who did they send?” Fabian asked the voice on the other end.
“I'm not sure who it was. I know that it was a woman, a black woman.”
Fabian thought for a second. He allowed his mind to travel through the ranks of API’s inner circle. He knew Silas Hall, the most famous; Matthew Reid, the mastermind; Dr. Alexandra Williams, the co-Director; Jason Miller, the psychopath. Unfortunately he could not remember who else was there. Fabian ignored the voice on the other end waiting for a response. The person on the other end did not dare try to rush her boss. She only waited patiently.
Taylor Fabian suddenly snapped out of his trance and spoke loudly as if he had just been awakened from the dead. “Payne; Loretta Payne trained Silas and Jason. She is who they sent. If Loretta is here then I know where she is going.” Fabian paused and thought for a second before he continued. “Look I need you to do something for me. Send several people to an address that I will fax you. Tell them to kill her on site; I don’t want any fancy stuff. Loretta Payne is extremely dangerous, perhaps just as or more dangerous than Silas or Jason. As soon as there is a clear shot on her take it, understand?”
“Yes sir,” the female voice replied.
The line went dead and the woman knew her boss had hung up on her. She was disappointed she would not be able to stay in her apartment in her oversized t-shirt all day, but she was glad she had exciting work to do. As soon as she got the call that there was a woman snooping around the Trooper home she knew she had to call Fabian. Taylor had given her the task of following Elaine Trooper and a few minutes ago she was called and told that several of her men had been gunned down by a woman who had escaped. The woman, called Reyna Garza, immediately called Taylor Fabian and alerted him. 
Reyna looked down at her fax machine. There were instructions on it that read:
Go to Hillcrest on West 37th Street. I am not sure which apartment he is in, or what his name is, but API has an informant in that building. He is on the second or third floor. Station some guys there; I have sent you ten Whitenight agents. Use them wisely. Remember what I said kill her the first chance you get because if you don’t you may not get a second chance.
Reyna nodded and picked up her cell phone. She dialed number four and then send. A male voice answered. He sounded like he had smoked all his life or he had a cold. 
“Yeah boss lady?” he asked.
“Go to Hillcrest on West 37th street. Watch the second and third floors. I will be there shortly. If the woman Ramon spoke of is there, kill her. Don’t try nothing fancy just kill her.”
“Okay boss lady.”
Much like her boss had done Reyna hung up before the man could say anything else. She then set the phone down on the table next to her window. Reyna then turned and faced her apartment. She was amazed that two years ago she was living on the streets and now she had a nice apartment in the Upper East Side of Manhattan. She walked across her carpeted floors and opened the double doors of her bedroom. She sauntered past her king size bed. Across from her bed against the wall were two more doors. Reyna opened these double doors and looked at her massively unnecessary amount of clothes. Reyna had showered earlier in the day and had hoped she would not have to get fully dressed, but when working for Taylor Fabian a day off is never guaranteed.
Knowing this Reyna had several outfits set aside ready; each one was for a different task. For her task today Reyna had set aside a pair of jeans. A green shirt that read “Lead us not into Temptation…Just tell us where it is,” in white letters. Her shoes were black Nike Shox. Reyna needed to look as harmless as possible. Besides why wear camouflage in New York in broad daylight to kill someone. 
Reyna pulled off her shirt and revealed her bare chest. She glanced at herself in her full length mirror. She blew a kiss to herself. Some days she loathed having to wear a bra. Today was one of those days. She sighed as she put on a black bra. She slipped her pants on and shirt. She grabbed a light jacket as she left out.
At five foot four and one hundred and thirty pounds, no one would think that Reyna Garza from Brooklyn could do the damage she had done. Reyna had killed people in sixteen countries, stolen millions in money and jewelry, she was an expert in two types of martial arts by the time she was twenty-six. Her life had been full of hard work, but the hard times surely paid off.
Once she was at the bottom floor of her building she went into the garage and walked over to her spot. In her parking space sat a 2009 Infiniti G37 Coupe. She considered this her starter car. One day she felt she would move up to something a little more expensive. 
She started the engine and sped out of the garage towards 37th street. It was one thirty in the afternoon. 
Joe walked into his kitchen and was looking for a white box with green dots all over it. He looked under days of trash that was on his table. A smile crawled over his face and his teeth shined brightly; he'd found his Krispy Kreme box. Joe closed his eyes and whispered a prayer as he opened the box. He opened his left eye first and then smiled even harder once he learned that there were three donuts left in the box. Joe had wanted to wash the donuts down with milk, but he was so elated that he ate two of the three without even thinking. Once he was out of his donut trance, Joe turned and walked over to the refrigerator to get a glass of milk. His hands were covered in glaze. As he grabbed the handle of the refrigerator he left a deposit of glaze behind. 
Joe set the milk on his kitchen table on top of some old newspapers. Then he walked over to his cupboard to see if he had a clean cup. He knew the answer, but had hoped for something different. Once he was sure that he had no clean cups, he took the top off the milk and began to drink directly from the gallon jug. Joe then turned and quickly wolfed down the last donut. He took another swallow of milk and replaced the jug. Joe then stood in the kitchen and looked like a discontent child. At one point he had eaten fifteen Krispy Kreme’s; three was like an appetizer. His phone rang; Joe answered it and was not surprised to hear Loretta’s voice.
“Loretta, is everything okay?” Joe asked.
“No. Joe is this line clean?” Loretta asked back.
Joe paused for a second and hooked something up to his cordless home, then he returned to Loretta. “Yea, clean as a whistle.”
“I want you to go to Carmen’s Café two blocks away. Bring your laptop. Make sure you are not followed. Alright?”
“Gotcha, but what is this all about?” Joe asked with a feeling of anxiety about the answer. 
The line was silent. Loretta had hung up. Joe put the receiver down and went into his room to put on some shoes and a jacket. He looked in his closet and pulled out a black laptop. He had several in the closet, but this one he felt would be appropriate. Besides, the others were various colors; too noticeable. 
Joe made his way down the street. Across the street he noticed a man in running shoes, shorts, and a light jacket stretching. Joe did not think this was suspicious, except for the fact that it was the end of September and New York. The API informant made a point not to stare at the man too long. His feelings about the man were reinforced when he suddenly began to run as Joe made his way down the street. He eventually turned onto Broadway. Once he was on Broadway he went inside of a storefront McDonald’s. Joe made it to the bathroom and went into a stall. He waited for a few minutes. Then he came out and ordered a number one, Big Mac Meal. Once he got his meal he put the bag his laptop was in over his shoulder and walked out. He proceeded down the street until he saw Carmen’s Café. Along the way he had been eating his food and he called the bank to check his balance. Joe was trying to look unaware of what was going on around him.
Joe went inside of Carmen’s and got a table and started up his laptop. He knew that there would be someone in soon to check and see what he was doing. He was correct. A man came inside the coffee shop and looked directly at Joe. He then turned his attention to the counter and made his order and left. Joe faced his computer, but turned his eyes to see the man. He stood outside of the café and made a phone call. He looked around and then back into the café. He was silent, receiving his orders. Then he took off back in the direction Joe had come. 
Joe was startled when his phone buzzed. He looked at it and saw that it was a text message from Loretta, “Stand up and greet me. I will kiss you on the cheek.”
Joe had to catch himself and make sure he didn’t frown. He then looked up and saw a black woman walk into the café. She wore a thin blue velour jacket and thin black stretch pants. Her shoes were old and worn. The woman’s hair was messy, but it was natural like an afro that had not been taken care of properly. She walked over to Joe’s table and in a deep southern accent called to Joe.
“Well, well if it ain’t Josup,” Loretta was pretty good doing a thick southern accent.
Joe was amused, but did not show it. He quickly stood and turned his head to allow Loretta to kiss his cheek. 
“It’s been a long time Gabby.”
“Too long. So what cha doing in here?” Loretta asked.
“Please sit, I am just checking some things on the internet,” Joe was very amused at how Loretta had slipped the drive into his jacket pocket. If anyone was looking they would've only seen him pull the drive out of his pocket and begin using it. “I wrote another poem you want to read it?”
“Josup, you know I do.”
Loretta slid closer to Joe. By now both of them were completely covering the screen. Joe plugged in the flash drive and opened the file called, “My Daily Woes.” The two of them spoke in low tones. 
“It’s Project Golden Eagle,” Loretta said.
“What?” Joe asked.
“When I was talking to Mrs. Trooper she said something about a Project Golden Regal. She heard it wrong.”
Joe closed his eyes and was in deep thought. Loretta could not snap him out. After a full minute Joe opened his eyes and turned to Loretta. 
“Project Golden Eagle is a government weapon that was discarded years ago. Outside of that I don’t know too much about it, but I do know that the reports of this weapon are kept highly classified.”
“How high?”
“Area 51 classified. So classified that I can’t even hack my way inside.”
Loretta thought for a second. She then scribbled down an e-mail address. She slid it over to Joe. She then glanced out the window. When her gaze returned to Joe it was a look of fear. “I want you to save the contents of this drive as a draft. When I tell you to  to Reid, Dr. Williams and myself. Then delete the entire contents of this computer. I mean every little detail.”
“Okay. What is wrong?”
“A lot,” Loretta said standing to her feet. “Oh and give them the laptop and the drive.”
“What?” Joe asked, but it was too late Loretta was already headed out of the café.
 Joe looked down at his computer and did as Loretta asked. He sent the flash drive files. Then he erased his entire computer. Joe stood and walked out of the café. He looked at his watch and saw that it was two twenty-five. He began walking down the street in the direction towards his apartment. He was being followed. Joe then figured out why Loretta had told her to let them take the laptop and the flash drive.
He turned down an alley and waited for his pursuers to follow. He had his whole routine planned out. To save himself he would sell Loretta out. Once the two men came around the corner Joe began to beg for his life. 
“I know what you two want and I never wanted to be involved in this. The woman made me. She is very dangerous. I will give you this laptop and this flash drive if it gets me out of harm’s way. I have no intentions of being a hero or running. I am a computer programmer that is what I do. I just want to get back to that life. Please don’t kill me. That black woman I was sitting at the table with is the one you are looking for she is in disguise. Please just don’t kill me.”
Joe was impressed with himself. He had even managed to scare up a few tears. Joe then handed the laptop over to the men and then he gave them the flash drive. The bigger of the two men was Caucasian and flabby. He had a gun in his waist. He had on a tacky suit and a five o’clock shadow. His hair was messy, brown and unkempt; he was about six foot five and he had to be around three twenty. The second man was about five foot nine; he looked to be about a buck eighty. His hair was neat and trimmed. He wore only a mustache with a neat suit and clean fake alligator shoes. This man’s gun was in a holster that went over his shoulder. He was the complete opposite of his partner. 
“Did you read any of the files?” The big messy man asked. 
“No, she wouldn’t let me. She just told me to load it or API will send someone to kill me. I wish I had never worked for them the first time.”
“Alright then,” the big man said as he held the laptop and the flash drive. He then stepped aside to let Joe through. As Joe walked past him he kept his eyes on the big man; this was a mistake. The little man quickly drew his gun and hit Joe in the back of the neck. Joe was unconscious before he hit the ground. 
Reyna pulled up at the corner of West 37th and Eighth Avenue. She got out of her car and leaned against a building. Reyna reached into her pocket and pulled out a cigarette box and pulled out a single cigarette. She placed it in her mouth and lit it up. Reyna inhaled and waited for her target. She knew that either Loretta or Joe would be crossing her path soon and she would be ready when they did so. 
Loretta walked down the street. She had walked onto Eighth Avenue. Further down the street she saw a Hispanic woman smoking a cigarette. She stood facing an expensive looking Infiniti. Loretta paid close attention to the woman. Although Loretta was in disguise, a trained assassin could still tell who she was. She only hoped there were no trained assassins in the immediate vicinity. 
As Loretta got closer to the woman smoking the cigarette, she decided to pay closer attention to her, but she wanted to do so in a manner that was inconspicuous. She decided to be cordial to the woman as she passed her.
“Wazzup,” Loretta mumbled while tilting her head back.
“The sky,” the woman responded.
Throwing Loretta off guard she responded the only way she knew how, she laughed it off and kept walking. As she walked she turned down West 37th, but as she approached Joe’s apartment building she decided to keep going. She stopped at a newspaper stand and bought a tabloid and a candy bar. She made sure to keep a close eye on the woman from the corner who was unassumingly tailing her from across the street. 
Loretta made sure to stand at the newspaper stand and read the tabloid. Actually she faked read it. She really kept her eyes on the Hispanic woman as she passed her location. Loretta felt it was weird that the woman kept glancing over at her. She knew all was not well.
Reyna walked down the street and tried to get Loretta’s attention. She knew that Loretta would suspect her and would follow her. Reyna only needed Loretta to follow her long enough so that they could be in a quiet place, then Loretta would take her last breaths. Reyna leaned against a brick building and puffed on a second cigarette. She was giving Loretta time to catch up to her. Loretta had crossed the street and was trying to blend in with the crowd. She was that foolish that she thought she was going to outsmart Reyna. 
Reyna continued walking down West 37th Street. It seemed as if she had been walking for some time. Eventually she arrived at the intersection of West 37th and Tenth Avenue. This was the outskirts of the neighborhood that had come to be called Hell’s Kitchen. She entered into a construction site. It was Saturday so there was no one working only a few people walking by. Reyna felt this was the place that Loretta would die. 
Loretta felt like the Hispanic woman had been walking forever. She wondered when she would stop and take a break or something. Up ahead she saw the woman enter a construction site. Loretta had no idea why. The API agent followed like a foolish sheep into what could possibly be her death.
The construction site was not very large. It looked as if it was going to be another apartment building. There were some support beams up and a few cement trucks outside. The site was surrounded by a chain link fence that would eventually be torn down. 
Once inside Loretta saw that the Hispanic woman was waiting for her. Loretta was anxious to see who she was.
“Hello Loretta Payne. That is a nice disguise you have there. My guys almost couldn’t tell it was you.”
“Who are you?” Loretta asked.
“Your murderer,” Reyna asked while simultaneously swinging to Loretta’s left and punching her in the ribs. 
Loretta shrunk to the left. She was in such pain that she was not prepared for the hit to her right jaw. Loretta fell back against the fence. The woman pulled out a gun and was about to kill her right there. Loretta thought fast and ran up to her before she could fire and turned 180 degrees with her back to the woman and grabbed her gun out of her hand. Before Loretta could use the gun, the girl was in front of her and chopped her wrist with an open palm. Loretta dropped the gun. She then swung her right fist at the woman. The woman blocked the fist and punched Loretta in the stomach. 
Loretta was doubled over in pain, but she knew she had to fight through it. She swung at the woman, but the woman leaned back and sprung back with a kick to the stomach. Then she punched Loretta in the face. Loretta fell back, but not down. She stood and fired a left at the woman. The woman caught the punch and extended Loretta’s arm. She then jabbed Loretta in the underarm. With Loretta’s wrist still in her hand the woman flipped Loretta onto the ground. 
“You are less than what I thought. I was given an order to kill you, I expected an API agent to be difficult to kill. I guess that right is reserved to only one of you.”
The woman followed by pulling Loretta off of the ground by her hair. By now Loretta’s disguise was non-existent. Once Loretta was on her feet, she drove her closest elbow back as hard as she could. She hit flesh, but she was not sure where. The Hispanic woman stumbled back, but as Loretta turned the woman was running towards her and did a baseball slide next to her. As she stopped sliding she quickly delivered a chop to the back of Loretta’s knee. 
Loretta was on one knee and was in excruciating pain. The woman then turned and faced Loretta and punched her in the mouth. Loretta could taste blood. The Hispanic woman smiled at her handiwork. 
Reyna made the mistake of allowing Loretta to get to her feet once again. She was fairly younger and cockier than Loretta as well. She had no idea how well trained Loretta was. Reyna thought nothing about whether or not Loretta was playing with her. By the time she realized that Loretta was toying with her it was too late. 
Reyna threw a right fist forward; Loretta grabbed the fist with her left hand and pulled Reyna to her. She kneed the woman in the stomach. Loretta then squatted down and swatted Reyna’s legs. Reyna knew that she was faster than Loretta. She was sure that she would be able to pop back up before Loretta was able to go on the offensive again. Again Reyna’s speed was no match for Loretta’s experience. As she tried to pop herself up like the ninja’s in movies do, Loretta met her mid jump with a powerful punch to the face that broke Reyna’s nose and knocked her unconscious. 
A man and his daughter were passing by and saw the end of the fight and called out to see what was going on. 
“Hey, what’s going on over there?” the man called. He was a slim man with neatly trimmed hair black and he wore a navy blue sweat suit. His caramel colored daughter could not have been more than five years old and was walking next to her father eating out of a large bag of gummy bears. 
Loretta looked at the man and quickly grabbed everything she could out of Reyna’s pocket, including her cellular phone. She then ran off in the opposite direction. She exited the construction site from the other end of the future apartment building. The man shrugged, it was New York, and he was not going to ask questions. 
The man then hit the outside of the fence hard. His daughter was pushed down and her knee was scraped. Many different individuals ran past them after Loretta. Loretta had grabbed Reyna’s gun and wallet. She ran back in the opposite direction back down West 37th street towards Joe’s apartment. She heard the footsteps getting closer. She knew she had to move and not allow herself to be an open target. Up ahead she saw a few restaurants with tables on the sidewalk. Loretta ran towards the restaurants. The makeup that was on her face had wore off and she was her natural self once again. Just as she got to the first restaurant, a single shot flew past her. She swung back and fired twice. A man ducked to his left to dodge the bullets. Loretta adjusted her aim and fired two more times.
The man did not get up. Two shots had hit his chest instantly making his heart useless. Three more men followed. The last one stopped for a second to tend to his friend. He then joined the other two in chasing Loretta. Loretta ran into a beauty salon. Not many customers were present, but it was enough.
Loretta ran through like a gust of wind and into the back room. There were several lockers in the brick room. Against the back wall were numerous shelves that contained different shampoos, conditioners, dyes and other essentials for a beauty salon. Against the wall adjacent the door was a window that undoubtedly led to the alley.
Loretta could hear footsteps behind her now. She grabbed a pair of scissors and swiftly went behind the door. The first man foolishly ran into the supply room. He immediately looked to his left. He saw the same thing that Loretta had seen. There was nothing in the room. The assassin turned to leave the room. Instead he stopped and decided to get one more look at the room. His hand glided towards the door slowly. The man was preparing himself for whatever came his way. Once his hand was firmly on the door knob, the man quickly jerked the door back. Before he could raise his gun, Loretta stabbed him in the chest with the scissors.
The women in the salon had begun to scream, but they did not move; they were frozen in fear. The two men who accompanied the dead man heard the screams and ran inside the salon.
The two assassins had been watching the alley in case Loretta tried to escape from the alley. They arrived in the supply room and found their friend dead. They saw that the window in the supply room was open. They turned and returned to the alley, but they were too late. Loretta was long gone. In the distance they heard police sirens. One of the men tapped the other man and they both disappeared into a crowd of people on the other side of the street. 
Joe sat in his apartment with the worst headache he had ever had in his life. He only wanted to go to sleep. Joe wanted to be a part of the action that was API, but now that he had experienced it, his desires diminished. His cell phone played the Pirates of the Caribbean movie soundtrack song. He looked at it and saw that it was Loretta.
“Hello,” Joe spoke.
“Send the e-mails,” Loretta demanded.
“I thought you told me to wait until you were back in NC.”
“Well things have changed and our enemy knows that we are on to him. We can’t risk them getting too far ahead of us.”
“Alright I can do that.”
“Joe, I also need all of the information you can get on this ‘Project Golden Eagle.’”
“I can have it by the end of the day, but it’s classified so I can’t promise it’ll be good info.”
“Thanks, I’ll be back shortly,” Loretta answered as she hung up the phone. She couldn’t help but to wonder how good Silas and Jason were doing.
Chapter 16
It was four o’clock and Jason was now just exiting a town called Kernersville. He felt it was a small town, but the mood seemed calm. This was the type of place he felt he would like to retire once he was finished with his API work.
He looked over at Silas. Silas had periodically been talking in his sleep. Jason had his own problems to work through, but he was equally as concerned for Silas. When the two of them were in the field Jason was clearly the more vicious of the two. However there were times where Silas would tap into a part of himself that he kept hidden. This was the part of him that was a result of the Guardian Serum, six and a half years of killing people, and guilt.
Silas never stopped blaming himself for his parent’s murder. His reasons would make very little sense to a third party, but in Silas’ mind his reasons made a great deal of sense; so much so that Silas’ mind sometimes could be viewed as equally as disturbed as Jason’s.
Jason followed the GPS in his car. The voice told him to take an exit that would lead him to another road highway called Highway 52. Jason took it; eventually he took the Akron Drive exit. By now Silas had awoken.
“Where are we?”
“Winston-Salem. According to the GPS we are a few miles from this Reynolda Road.”
“Cool, I slept the whole trip? I’ll drive back. Give you some rest.”
“Oh no, you are not to drive my car again. You’ re a terrible driver.”
“I am not.”
“Out of the two of us who was the last one to kill someone using a car?”
Silas laughed and replied, “That doesn’t count.”
Jason chuckled. Soon he returned to a serious gaze. “Silas did you know you talk in your sleep?”
“I’ve heard that I do, but I have not heard it personally,” Silas replied with a grin. “Why?”
“You talked quite a bit on the way up here.”
Silas’ smile rescinded. He knew what Jason heard; Silas only hoped that he would not bring it up. He did not want to talk about it. Jason and Dr. Williams were the only individuals who knew about the dreams Silas had about his parents. They knew that Silas continued to blame himself for what happened to them. Dr. Williams respected Silas’ wishes and never questioned him about it. Jason had his own personal struggles to deal with so he rarely spoke to Silas about his. However, today he could not resist.
“You still have the dream about your parents?”
“J, you know I don’t talk about that.”
“And you know that we both got stuff we don’t mention much, but we both had some hellish times in our lives. If we gonna speak on it we should speak to each other.”
Silas thought for a second before he responded, “It is always the same dream. Lately it has been coming a lot more often. It’s like wherever I fall asleep they appear there and tell me how horrible a person I am.”
“You don’t believe that do you?”
“I wish I didn’t.”
“But it ain’t your fault. You can’t keep blaming yourself.”
“I can’t help it.”
“Yes you can, just stop doing it.”
“Have you stopped blaming yourself for Lucas?”
Jason got quiet he tried to keep his brother out of his mind as much as possible. The loss of his brother led him to kill for the first time. He never stopped blaming himself for his little brother’s death. Since Lucas’ death Jason had slowly deteriorated into a more psychotic state of mind. API and Silas had been the barriers that have kept the beast caged. The same could be said of Silas. Truly Jason and Silas were two caged monsters waiting to be released.
Coming up Fairlawn Jason came to Reynolda Road. Across from the intersection he saw a grocery store. He pulled his car into the parking lot and turned the engine off. He and Silas sat and thought about what they would do next. They saw several individuals leaving the store. One heavy set fellow walked to a white Mazda 626. He looked relieved to be leaving the building. The black man stopped and chatted with a taller heavy-set white male driving a black pickup truck and a fit white male driving a burgundy Nissan with muddy tires and sides. The three of them laughed loudly at something. Silas turned his attention back to Jason.
“They look happy. It would be nice to have a normal life like that wouldn’t it?”
“They don’t look that happy to me. I feel like our lives are normal. Who decides what is normal? They’re forced to work in a grocery store because they are probably afraid of doing what they really want to do in life. I seriously doubt their life goal is to work here part-time. How is it normal to put aside what makes you happy for what is accepted by society?”
“So you never try to just fit in? You never have a desire to just be normal and fit in with the world.”
“To answer your question I quote Frederick Douglas, ‘I prefer to be true to myself, even at the hazard of incurring the ridicule of others, rather than to be false, and to incur my own abhorrence.’”
Silas looked at Jason and wondered how he could be so deep sometimes. This was the same man who idolized SpongeBob Squarepants. He was amazed that Jason could have thoughts that were so deep and knowledgeable. Jason never ceased to amaze him.
“You have a point.” Silas then changed the subject to something more serious and on topic. “If we are going to find Alana, we have to search this road.”
“That is a good idea, but we have no idea what we are looking for.”
Silas thought for a second about what it was they would have to look for. He looked at his surroundings. Down the street from the grocery store was Wake Forest University. In the opposite direction were several stores and another shopping center. Between those two areas there were several residential areas. It was now a quarter to four. They had to very little daylight left. Silas knew they had to work fast.
“Jason if you were going to kidnap someone and you knew you would have to travel down highways; would you want your victim to be able to signal other drivers?”
“I see what you’re getting at. So we are looking for a van with very few windows.”
“You got it.”
Jason started the engine and the two of them roared out of the parking lot. As they left Silas took a look back at the three grocery store workers. They were still laughing. He pondered what his life would have been like if he were one of them. Just working enough to get by in life, but never truly being satisfied. There were times that he truly desired to be like everyone else, but he had to admit Jason made sense when he quoted abolitionist Frederick Douglas. He had to be true to himself. He was not normal and he never would be; that was what made him special. Silas figured that being a special version of himself was something no one else in the world could do.
Jason turned out of the intersection of Fairlawn and Reynolda onto Reynolda Road. He ventured past a Shell gas station. Then they passed a bank, followed by a fried chicken fastfood restaurant and a dry cleaners.
Jason and Silas kept their eyes peeled. They knew that even though they were near no houses yet they had to be aware. After driving for a few short minutes they approached a community where all of the houses were covered in vinyl siding. It was called River View. Jason was the first to see the van in the drive way of one of the homes. The yard was unkempt and the house itself was very dusty. Jason alerted Silas to what he had seen. Silas then told him to park at the bank which was just on the other side of the community. Jason pulled in and repeated his action in which he had done earlier that day before approaching Bruno’s domicile.
The two API agents then slowly approached the neighborhood. As they walked, Silas slowed down and took another path towards the house. Jason listened as Silas told him his plan.
Silas then handed Jason a stack of magazine subscription forms. He hoped Jason wouldn’t ruin things. He would have done it, but he didn’t want to take a chance of either of the two men recognizing him.
Next to the house was a road that led deeper into the complex. On the opposite side of the house were several bushes. Silas walked past the house, but then quickly jumped into the bushes. Jason had stopped and pulled out his cellular phone and pretended to make a phone call. Silas was confused until he saw the little guy leave the house and get into the white van and pull off. Once the man was out of sight Jason made his move and approached the front door step.
Silas exited the bushes, but remained cautious. He saw that there were five windows on the side of the house on which he was. He looked in the first window and the blinds were almost closed, but not tight. He could see a bed and a television stand sans the television. He moved to the next window and the blinds were drawn tight and the curtain was pulled. Silas checked the next three windows and got a clear view of the rooms. He figured Alana had to be in the room with the tightly drawn drapes. Silas returned to that window and began to try to open the window. Now he only hoped that Jason could buy him some time.
“Hello sir. My name is George Sanford.” Jason began, he had constructed this name from two of his favorite seventies sitcom names, George Jefferson and Fred Sanford. “I am here to see if you are interested in one of these magazines.”
Jason was angry when he saw the applications Silas had given him; Redbook, Cosmopolitan, Sister 2 Sister, Men’s Health, and Wizard. Some of those he could deal with, but since all of the applications were from the inside of magazines, Jason wondered if Silas read Redbook, Cosmo or Sister 2 Sister.
“No thank you, Mr. Sanford I have no desire for a magazine subscription. I will not be living here for a long time.”
“Well you know that we can send the subscription to wherever you go. All we need is one payment of fifteen dollars and ninety-nine cents and you will receive two years of any of these subscriptions.”
“I don’t read magazines,” Atlas answered.
“Well Mr. Werner you see this price here, that says fifteen ninety-nine, I can cut that in half, two years for seven ninety-nine. How does that sound?”
“That sounds suspicious because I didn’t tell you my last name.”
“What are you talking about I didn’t call your last name,” Jason said with confusion.
“You just called me Mr. Werner.”
“No I didn’t.”
“Yes you did and this seems fishy. Why are you so adamant about selling magazines?”
Atlas then grew suspicious and turned to go back into the house. Jason did the only thing he could think of and he ran and grabbed Atlas by the arm and spun him around. He then gave him a right to the left side of Atlas’ face. Atlas barely moved, he turned his head and faced Jason. Jason faced him with no fear in his heart.
Silas had gotten the window open and had climbed inside the room. It was a nearly empty room with a full bed that was absent of covers or a blanket; there was a chair in the room as well. Other than the chair and the bed there was no other furniture. Tied to the chair Alana sat blindfolded and gagged. Silas slowly made his way to her and untied her feet. She began kicking wildly. Silas quickly took her blindfold off and allowed her to see that he had come to save her. She was so happy that she could have cried. Silas put his index finger to his lips signaling for her to remain quiet. He then began untying her hands. Before he could finish, Silas heard a loud thud in the front room.
“What was that?” Alana whispered.
Silas closed his eyes and shook his head. He knew now that he was more than likely going to have to face Atlas…again. Before he could think twice, there was a loud grunt outside the door and suddenly Jason flew through the door onto the floor. His nose was bleeding, but mainly his ego was hurt. He looked up at Silas.
“Why didn’t you tell me he was part bear?” Jason asked.
Silas looked up and saw Atlas charging into the room. He quickly ran and met him at the doorway with an uppercut that sent Atlas back a few steps. Then Silas punched him twice in the ribs. Once again Atlas was stopped, but not by pain, just stopped. Atlas quickly drew a knife from his pocket and swung it at Silas. Silas was not quick enough and he was cut on the arm. It healed quickly. The behemoth then cut Silas again on the face; again Silas healed.
Silas then went on the offensive again. He punched Atlas in the face again. Atlas fell against a wall. He was shocked, he had no idea that Silas had this much strength. Atlas then understood that Silas was toying with him the night at his apartment. Atlas ran at Silas with everything. He swung at Silas; Silas ducked, but Atlas expected that and quickly recoiled and grabbed Silas by the neck and tried to choke him. He used both hands to try to choke him; eventually he had lifted Silas off the floor. Jason had got back on his feet. Atlas sensed this and held Silas in one hand and used the other to push Jason against a wall hard. When Atlas tried to put his hand back on Silas’ neck, Silas caught it and twisted it. Since Atlas felt no pain he could not tell that he should have been trying to pull away. Silas let go of the hand and pried the other hand off his neck. Then he jumped on Atlas’ back. Atlas reached over and slung Silas against the wall. He tried to punch Silas, but he moved and Atlas punched a hole in the floor. Silas stood for a second in amazement. Atlas had true strength. Silas thought for a second and realized there was no way he would get any information out of Atlas.
As Atlas got back to his feet, Silas grabbed his wrist and finished breaking it. Atlas felt no pain, but realized it was broken when he tried to use it and it had no effect on Silas. Silas then spun around to Atlas’ back and placed his hands firmly on his chin and the back of his head. In one movement Silas jerked his hands in opposite directions. Atlas hit the floor with a hard thud; he died painlessly.
“How are we going to get information out of him?” Jason asked.
“He has a brother who’s normal. To put it in video game terms we got an extra man,” Silas answered.
Jason pulled out his gun and put the suppressor on the end of it. “Well in that case,” Jason then shot Atlas twice in the forehead.
“Jason, what was that for?” Silas asked.
“I thought I saw him move.”
Silas shook his head and went to Alana. Even though she hadn’t bathed and was sweaty and sticky, he still thought she was beautiful. He was glad he had found her.
“Are you okay?” Silas asked Alana.
“I’m fine. I am so glad you found me. Where am I?” Alana responded.
“You’re in Winston-Salem,” Jason responded. “I’m Jason, by the way, Silas’ partner.”
“Silas, why did they take me?” Alana asked.
“I have no idea. I wonder how they found us,” Silas answered.
Silas stood and thought for a second. He had not thought once about how it was that the men had followed him. He thought he had taken great precaution not to get noticed. Then he remembered the robbery he thwarted. He made Wayne promise not to speak of what had happened. The robber was unconscious at the time. By the time the police had come he would have told them everything. More than likely they wouldn’t have believed it, but they would still have to report it. Fabian could easily learn about this once he had heard the reports. He had people stationed all over in every state of the United States. He even had people in Mexico and Canada. He could easily find out what had happened. From there it would have been a simple task to find Silas. Silas could have kicked himself for being so careless.
Jason had been thinking to himself. He wondered if Alana had heard the two men say anything in the day they had her. He knew what she did remember would be fragmented, but he had to ask her anyway. He felt it was better to ask and learn than to not ask and speculate.
“Alana did you hear these guys say anything in the last couple of days about murders, Whitenight, or the Brotherhood of Unity?” Jason asked.
“I heard very little, but I did hear the little one say that Taylor Fabian was calling early this morning.”
“Did you hear anything else?” Silas asked.
“No,” Alana responded.
Jason made a face that was a mixture of frustration and despair. Silas carried on a quiet conversation with Alana. They discussed Bruno and the other obstacles Jason and Silas endured before reaching her. She continued to thank him for coming for her.
“It was nothing much, but your sister thinks I work for the government. So when you see her make sure you keep up that charade.”
Alana chuckled and responded, “I’ll make sure I do.”
Jason suddenly called to the two of them and snapped them out of their miniature date. “The little guy is coming back.”
Silas quickly stood and motioned for Alana to move against the wall adjacent the window. He wanted her to stay out of harm’s way. Silas wanted Alana to have no part in what was going to happen next.
Adler also known as Ace walked into the house as if everything was well. He walked into the living room and sat on the only couch that was in the room. It was a three seated couch with flower designs. Adler put his feet onto the table and grabbed the remote which had been left on the couch. He turned the television on and began flipping through the channels. When he had come inside he had two drinks and a bag of food from a fast food burger chain. He began eating.
“Zigfrid, I have your food. Come and get it,” Ace called.
No one came to get the food. So he repeated himself. Again he heard no answer and he grew curious. His brute of a brother rarely let food get cold around him. There was a door to his right which led to his bedroom. The door was still shut just as he left it. Ace then looked towards the hall. Just down the hall was the room they were keeping Alana. Once Ace saw the absence of a door he jumped up and made his way to the room. As he got to the doorway he found Silas standing there with a sawed off shot gun he had found in the next room. The man sighed a breath of defeat.
“Come on over here and sit down,” Silas commanded in a joking tone.
Ace refused and tried to reach for a gun on his side. Silas was too fast was able to meet Ace before he could fire. He then disarmed him and threw the gun to Jason. Silas told him to sit; Ace complied.
Jason then tied him down and checked his pockets. He turned to Alana and told her she might want to go into the next room. She refused; she wanted to see the men who had kidnapped her get repaid.
Jason shrugged, but Silas pleaded with Alana to leave. He told her that what was about to happen was going to be painful to watch, or hear; Alana refused. Silas realized arguing with her was futile. So he turned his attention to Ace.
“So what is your name?” Silas asked.
Ace was silent. Silas nodded to Jason. Jason had tied Ace’s arms to the chair with his palms down; then he put a gag on Ace. Jason then pulled out a knife and slowly inserted it under the fingernail of Ace’s right index finger. Ace cried out, but his cries were muffled. Jason did not stop until the nail was all the way off. He then looked to Silas who told him to take the gag off.
“I am going to ask you again, what is your name?”
Again he was silent. Silas nodded at Jason, but before Jason could begin Ace yelled. “Werner, my name is Adler Werner.”
“That was not hard was it? You know this is the second time I’ve had to do this today. It really is annoying that people take so long to answer simple questions.” Silas paused for a second and smiled as he continued. “Now the next question I have is a tricky one…”
“Before I answer anymore questions I want to know where my brother is.”
“Would you believe in the closet?” Jason asked as he opened the closet and Atlas’ lifeless body fell out. Jason then decided to try to eat at Adler. “I think it was Colonel Mustard with a lead pipe in the kitchen.”
“Now if you don’t want to end up like him you will tell us what we want to know. So, as for my next question, what is Taylor Fabian planning? How big is it?”
“I can’t tell you anything.”
Silas nodded at Jason. Jason once again gagged Adler and this time he removed all of the nails from his right hand. Jason then took the thumb nail from the other hand. By now Alana had left the room. Silas felt bad that she had to see this, but he had a job to do that would save lives. Sometimes that meant having no life for himself.
Jason removed the gag and asked him once more. Again Adler refused to say anything. Jason replaced the gag and removed the remainder of his fingernails and two toenails. Jason took the gag down from Adler’s mouth. Adler was breathing hard. He had had enough of the pain.
“It’s all a mind game,” Adler blurted out.
“What’s a mind game?” Silas asked.
Adler got quiet again. Silas decided to persuade him to talk, he would just use the information Jason had gathered from Melvin earlier in the day.
“Adler, Ace or whatever you call yourself, let me explain to you what I plan to do to you today.” Silas had Jason turn Adler’s chair to face the bed as Silas sat at the foot of the bed. “Once we are out of fingernails and toenails, we will then break the bones in your fingers. Next we will pull your teeth out one at a time with pliers. How does that sound?”
“I have been trained to withstand torture. Quite frankly I think it is you who may have a problem with it,” Adler said through short breaths.
“What about your son and daughter in Houston? Have they been trained? Or how about your wife can she stand what you can stand?” Silas said.
From the next room Alana listened in amazement; she had no idea Silas could be so violent, but she could not feel sympathetic for Adler, seeing as he drugged and kidnapped her. She especially hated what he had done earlier in the morning. He had snuck in the room and pulled up her shirt. He stuck his hands under and began to fondle her breasts. He then unzipped his pants to show her that he was erect. The big guy then came in and told him that his cell phone was ringing. She later heard the name Taylor Fabian and it seemed as if the two of them had forgotten about her for the rest of the day and she was grateful.
“How do you know where my family is?” Adler asked.
“A little birdie told us? So are you going to start talking?” Jason asked.
“Why should I? If I talk Whitenight will find me and my family and kill us.”
“If you don’t talk we will torture and kill you and your family. If you talk to us we may let you go and you will have a chance of getting to your family before Whitenight learns that you talked to us. That way you could at least give your family a fighting chance. If you die at least control who dies with you. Will you talk? Keep in mind we have people in the Houston area now waiting for our command.”
Adler closed his eyes. In his head he thought of his son and daughter. He loved them so much that he would gladly lay his own life down for them. Unfortunately he had laid down their lives for his job. He had been loyal to Whitenight for years, even before they began the illegal acts. Adler loved Whitenight and the rush he got working for Whitenight. As he slowly opened his eyes he fought through the pain and began to tell them Taylor Fabian’s plan.
“Taylor Fabian has a weapon called Sarin-X. It is a successful mixture of Sarin and VX. He stole the materials for this weapon from the United States Department of Defense. It is code named Project Golden Eagle,” Adler began.
“Wait a minute the United States destroyed all its chemical weapons under order of the first President Bush,” Silas interrupted.
“Correction, only forty-five percent of the weapons have been destroyed. The United States has until 2017 to destroy all of the weapons. Fabian has five of them. On Thursday he plans to use one of them in Miami, Florida.”
“Why would he want to do that?” Jason asked.
“Because the Brotherhood of Unity wants more than judges, senators, and lawyers in their back pocket, they want an entire country. What better country to have in your back pocket than the United States of America.”
Silas thought heavily, but he was still confused. “What does any of this have to do with the video game murders?”
“Those four instances were nothing more than distractions. There was no motive, rhyme or reason to those murders. I imagine you know about the fingerprints of the B.O.U? Why do you think there were no signs that pointed to the Brotherhood even though it was a Brotherhood game? It was all deception. The more confusing things were, the harder you all investigated. Taylor made you all look at one hand while he fingered you with his other hand. And Mister Hall leaving you alive was part of that plan. API relies on you heavily, Fabian used your hatred of him against you. You were so intent on pinning the video game murders on him that he left you alive to lead API in that direction and away from the weapons.”
“If that’s true, then why kill his wife?” Silas asked.
“She knew what Fabian was planning and she wanted to divorce him, but he threatened to kill her and their daughter if she did. She did the only thing she could; she went to the FBI. Only thing is Fabian found out and killed her.”
“How does Daniel Trooper fit into all of this?”
“I don’t know a lot of the details beyond what I’ve told you?”
“Then you and your family are no longer a use to us,” Silas uttered.
“Wait, I know who can help you more than I can.”
“Who?”
“It’s a man who helped Fabian created his version of the weapon. He was forced to do it the same way you are forcing me now so he is really innocent. He is hiding here in North Carolina in a small town where he thinks no one would find him. It a town east of here about an hour and a half near the Virginia line called Henderson. It’s a very small town. He stays in a small trailer on NC 39 which is right off I-85.”
“What is his name?”
“Dr. Peters; Dr. Stanley Peters. There is another doctor who helped him who is in New York called Dr. Goode; I don’t know his first name.”
Silas wrote a lot of this down and then he stood and faced Adler. He then grabbed Adler’s cell phone out of his pocket and searched through the phone for Fabian’s number. Once he saw a name that read Boss TF he dialed it and told him to tell Fabian everything was fine, but he wanted to know what to do next. Adler obeyed only because he wanted his family to be safe. When the call was done Silas hung up the phone and made sure he reassured Adler of a few things.
“First of all there is no one in Houston ready to torture and kill your family we just really needed you to talk. Besides, we would never torture children that is just sick, so rest assured that they are safe. If we determine that they had nothing to do with your work then they will be protected by API. If we learn otherwise, we will make sure that Whitenight knows who spoke to us and where your family is. It truly is a shame that your kids will never again see their father.”
“What do you mean ‘never’? You said you would let me go.”
“Correction I said we may let you go to warn your family. I didn’t like your attitude, and your brother made Jason’s nose bleed. Also we know you are loyal and all we can’t have you running off and telling Fabian what we know now can we?”
Silas nodded at Jason who smiled a demented grin. Silas turned and left the room. He walked up to Alana and the two of them walked out of the house. Alana was happy to see sunlight. She was happy to be free. She owed it all to the man that she only met a few days ago. She couldn’t resist; she leaned over and kissed him deeply and passionately. Alana normally wouldn’t kiss someone so fast, but she figured considering the circumstances and the fact that Silas traveled all the way to get her, he earned the kiss. As she pulled away, Silas grinned like a middle school boy who had seen his first Playboy magazine. He couldn’t say anything except, “That was awesome.” Alana giggled and the two of them walked to Jason’s car, started the motor and roared down the street to the local convenience store.
Meanwhile Jason looked Adler in the face. He raised his gun up to Adler’s temple and pulled the trigger. He still had the suppressor on so no one heard the shot. He then drug Adler’s body to the bathroom filled the bathtub with cold water. He then placed the body in the water. He then went into the kitchen and looked in the freezer. There he found five ice trays. He gathered all the ice and placed it in the tub with Adler. He then drug Zigfrid or Atlas into the kitchen and looked around. Next to the back door was a deep freezer. He used all of his strength lifting Atlas up and placing him in the freezer folded up. He then began wiping the blood from the walls. Soon Silas came inside with seven large bags of ice. He walked past Jason who was finishing up the cleaning.
Silas then went into the bathroom and poured the ice onto Adler’s dead body. This would slow the decomposition process. Once the two were finished they made sure to turn the air conditioning as cold as it would go. Finally they turned all of the ceiling fans on in the house and closed the windows.
Minutes later they were on University Parkway headed towards highway 52 and eventually to Henderson. Silas knew that Loretta was in New York so he decided to call and tell her of his findings.
“Silas?” Loretta asked.
“Yeah it’s me. Look, me and Jason found out that the video game murders are a cover-up,” Silas began as Loretta cut him off.
“I know; I have Daniel Trooper’s journal. It tells almost everything in it. Apparently Fabian got afraid of what Trooper would do so he had him killed. He bought Trooper Corp so he could create the weapon without too many questions asked. You make a weapon and you own a weapons company people tend to leave you alone. However, some of the pages have been ripped out.”
“Well our sources say that two people can still stop Fabian’s explosion. We are going to see one of them now in Henderson. The other is near you in New York, his name is Dr. Goode. We don’t know his first name. Maybe they can tell us what’s on the missing pages.”
“I’ll check it out, but Silas don’t screw this up. I know how you and Jason can be when you are together. You two sometimes cause more trouble than your worth.”
“Look we get the job done. If you don’t like it then bite me, Payne.”
Silas hung up the phone and Jason automatically knew what had happened.
“She step out of line again?” Jason asked.
“You know it, Jason you need to get some sleep. We have no idea what is waiting for us with Dr. Peters.” Silas spoke to a person who was already drifting off to dream land. 
Part Three: Realizations
Chapter 17
Loretta hung up the phone and cursed at Silas indirectly for hanging up on her. She couldn’t believe he would do that. Joe sat across from her in his dirty apartment and came to a realization about the relationship between Loretta and Jason and Silas. She never stopped viewing them as green agents. Loretta still thought of them as young boys who were new to the experience of API. At that moment Joe von Blumenthal felt the need to stick up for two people he had often teased himself. 
“Loretta perhaps you should go easy on those two,” Joe began. 
“On who? Jason Miller and Silas Hall? They are the most destructive agents in API. They always are in gunfights, they blow up stuff unnecessarily, they…” Joe then interrupted Loretta.
“They get the job done, they are part of the reason terrorists all over the world fear the name API, and they are great agents who don’t really need your training anymore.”
Joe looked directly at Loretta. He felt almost angry with her, but he understood that she was afraid. That was why she constantly rode Silas and Jason. They were API’s most violent agents, but they were the most efficient. Loretta had a hard time understanding that she did a good job training Silas and Jason. She refused to let them go. She held on to them so tightly that she did not stop to think why Silas and Jason were the way they were. 
“Maybe you should just think about their past. I’ve watched their sessions and I have a better understanding of the two of them. Maybe you should do the same,” Joe said. Joe then allowed his mood to change. “My head hurts from that hit earlier; I need food to feel better. I’m going out you want anything?”
Loretta was pondering what Joe had said to her. She snapped out of her daydream when she realized that Joe was still talking to her. “Huh, oh yeah where are you getting something from?”
Joe shrugged. “I’ll probably decide once I get there. How about I call you when I decide?”
“Cool,” Loretta said as Joe nodded and left the apartment. 
Once she was sure Joe had walked down the hall Loretta got on one of his computers and logged into API’s intranet. She looked up Jason’s name first. There were things on the first page that were typical like his age, height, special skills, etc. Loretta typed in a thirteen letter word into space and a different list appeared on the screen. She had used her clearance to see items only a few people could see. She strolled down the list until she got to psychiatric exam. She clicked it and then three more items appeared in a dropdown menu. One was for a manuscript of the meeting, the second item was for a video of the meeting and the third item was the recommendation of the doctor. Loretta closed her eyes and thought about what it was she was about to do. Then she clicked the video. The video started in a new window. 
The room was all white with many different plaques on the wall. Jason Denis Miller sat across from an Asian woman. She wore a tan blouse and a black skirt. Her legs were lean and without a blemish. Her black and gray hair was pulled back in a bun. Her lips were rather thin with a light brown shade of lipstick. Her wire rimmed glasses sat further down on her nose than she probably needed them to. 
Jason was twenty years old and has just been kicked out of the Army for beating his commanding officer until the C.O. no longer had use of his legs. Jason sat wearing jeans and a t-shirt that said R.I.P. Tupac. His shoes were Nike Air Force One’s that had been customized. Jason had paid someone to put Spongebob’s face inside the Nike check. He looked around the room and did not look very menacing. He was tired; he and nine other guys had begun training a week ago with Loretta. He thought basic training was difficult, but he had no idea. Jason was so relieved when he heard that there would be no training today because of psychiatric exams. He noticed the woman who sat across from him looked like an older, heavier Lucy Liu, but then again Jason thought most Asian women looked like Lucy Liu. Not because he was racist, he just loved Lucy Liu. He wouldn’t dare call her Lucy Liu, he simply called her Dr. Shen. She began the meeting.
“How are you doing today?” She said.
“I’m good; you?” Jason answered.
“I’m well. Let’s begin shall we. Now before we begin you do understand that this meeting will determine whether or not you continue your training. It will be by my discretion whether or not I feel you are fit to train for API. Do you understand?”
“Yeah.”
“Alright. First question, please state your full name as it appears on your birth certificate.”
“Jason Denis Miller.”
“Good. Next question, how old are you?”
“I am twenty years old.”
“Okay, now things will get a little more personal. What is your earliest good or happy memory?”
Jason thought for a second. He hadn’t had many good memories recently, but he had had a lot of them before his mother passed away. He tried to travel back to that time; he was successful. Jason began to smile even before he started to verbally recall the memory.
“When I was five my mother, and my little brother had a picnic at a lake. The lake had a little playground on it. I remember my little brother, Lucas, running up to it and climbing the rails to the slide. I was right behind him; once we went down my mama came down to.” Jason fought back a single tear, and then he continued. “We must have stayed on that playground for at least an hour. My mama was chasing us pretending she was going to eat us.” 
“Where was your father?”
Jason gave the doctor the angriest look he could muster, “I don’t remember and I don’t want to remember.”
“Why don’t you want to remember?”
“He doesn’t deserve to be remembered. As a matter of fact when he dies I hope it is in the most painful and embarrassing way possible. He doesn’t even deserve to be alive now.”
“Why do you hate your father?”
“Because he should be hated.”
“But why?”
“My father is an evil man who took everything near and dear away from me starting with my mother.”
“What…”
“Don’t ask because I will not talk about it.”
“Jason you need to talk to me or I cannot recommend you for training.”
Jason thought for a second. He even contemplated not joining API and leaving his emotions bottled up inside. He grinded his teeth together in an effort to not cry. He felt crying was a sign of weakness. Eventually as the painful memories came rushing back he could not fight it. Jason tried as hard as he could, but he failed. The tears flowed from his eyes. He hated himself for allowing it to happen, but he could not stop. He broke down. 
“When I was six, I remember my mama coming home from work and starting dinner. She kept mumbling something about being late. Lucas and I were just happy to see our mama home. I had to watch after Lucas during the day sometimes. Ain’t that something; my mama worked two jobs and my father stayed out doing nothing, but he couldn’t watch after us.” 
“I remember him coming home about ten minutes after mama. He looked at the kitchen table and saw there was no food there. He questioned my mama about it. She told him she had to work an extra thirty minutes. He said it won’t no excuse and he smacked her in the face. Her nose started bleeding. I was frozen, like a punk, I was frozen in place. Lucas was three at the time and he charged at my daddy. Daddy pushed him back and he hit the table hard. I still couldn’t move. Mama tried to fight back, she smacked daddy. Daddy was bigger than her so he overpowered her and whooped on her bad.”
“Was that the last time?”
“Nope not at all. He whooped on her badly. Eventually he whooped on me and Lucas. He beat Lucas out of sleep for peeing on the toilet seat once. Lucas was four then. He was four, that son of a…” Jason paused and gathered himself. “When I was eight, mama told me she had planned for me, her and Lucas to go away to where we could be happy again.”
“What happened?” asked Dr. Shen.
“Mama died in a car accident. Police say her brakes were bad.”
“You don’t believe that?”
“No, that is why I hate police. They didn’t even try to investigate they just said it was bad brakes. They didn’t even bother to investigate that bastard of a man who called himself my father.” 
“What happened to you and your brother?”
“We stayed with our father. We didn’t stay home much that way he couldn’t beat us.” Jason looked across the room at something; then continued to talk. “About four months after mama died daddy remarried. He married some woman named Yolanda. She was ugly with a big butt and small titties. Her legs had scars and her face looked like someone had beaten her in the face with a stick. I think she was on drugs. Come to think of it I believe she and daddy were having an affair while my mama was living.”
“What happened to her?”
“Daddy married her when I was eight. We stayed out of the house as much as possible for the next five years.”
“What happened after five years?”
“Yolanda started molesting Lucas.”
“How do you know?”
“Because one day when I was looking for food, Lucas ran up to me crying. He told me that Yolanda made him pull his pants down and she started playing with his ten-year old johnson. That is when I made the decision for the both of us that we would live on the streets from then on. Every once in a while we would break into the house and take a few things out of the house, steal money from the house or steal food from there. Many times there would be men leaving the house when daddy was gone; Yolanda was a hoe.”
Loretta stopped the video. She was in tears she had no idea what Jason had been through. When she began training him she knew basic things like where he was born, his age, he had no family, and that he had been kicked out of the military. She thought he only needed structure and discipline. She did not want to watch anymore, but she forced herself to go on. 
“What became of Lucas?” Dr. Shen asked Jason.
Jason’s face tightened and he physically fought back tears. He did not want to cry anymore. He had already cried too much as it was. He knew that speaking of what happened would make him vulnerable; he did not want that. He forced himself to go on because for the past nine years he had not had a friend in the world. The week before he had met an eighteen year old that had just lost his father and mother to gun fire and the two of them seemed to have gotten along well. Jason did not want to ruin this chance to possibly have a friend. 
“One day Lucas decided that he wanted a hat that he had left at the house. He had just turned eleven at the time and really wanted the hat my mother had bought him years ago. I decided to let him go to the house alone. After an hour I became worried and started to go back to the house. Once I got there, the front door was cracked. I could see my little brother’s hat on the floor. I pushed the door in and walked into the house. I saw Yolanda tied to a chair; she was naked. She was covered in tears and blood.” Jason paused and gritted his teeth before continuing.
“I walked past her, she was floating in and out of consciousness. She saw me and whispered, ‘I’m sorry, I just wanted him one more time.’ I looked at her and asked what she was talking about. From what she mumbled I understood that Lucas had snuck into the house and she saw him. She forced him to pull his pants down and now that he had begun puberty, he could get hard. She had thrown him on the couch and got on top of him. Apparently Lucas could not throw her off and so she raped an eleven year old boy. I blanked out and began punching her as hard as I could in the face. I felt great, I let go of all the hurt and pain from the past few years. I punched her in every body part I could see. I punched her until she wasn’t breathing anymore.”
“What happened next?”
“I went to the back yard and saw my father digging a hole. Behind him was Lucas’ body. That bastard had beat him to a pulp. He did this to his own son.” Jason threw his arms up for emphasis.
“I found a metal pole he used for arm curls and took the weights off. Then I snuck up behind him and hit him in the back of the head. I was going to beat him like I had beat on Yolanda, but the police had come up. They restrained me, but I got away and managed to get one of the police guns and shot my father. I smiled thinking I had finished him off. I found out later he lived and is now paralyzed from the neck down. He’s lucky.”
“What happened to you after that?”
“I was turned over to the state and eventually turned over to an orphanage. The police investigated my past and my father’s past. They realized how sick my father was and then they decided to do something about him. Since I was a minor and because of the circumstances I was under, they let me go under the care of foster parents and an orphanage. When I was eighteen I joined the military. About six months ago I was let go.”
“Do you blame yourself for Lucas’ death?”
“Every single day I blame myself. Yolanda wouldn’t have tried that sick stuff if I was there. I even wonder why I let him go back by himself.”
Loretta stopped the video and looked down. She had no knowledge that any of this had happened to Jason. She read Dr. Shen’s report on Jason. In the report she stated that ‘Jason is borderline psychopath. Blames himself for the deaths of his mother and brother.’
There were three more sessions where Jason spoke of the foster parents with whom he stayed. By the end of the four sessions Dr. Shen stated that ‘Jason speaks very highly of Silas Hall. Presence of Mr. Hall brings calming effect to Mr. Miller. However, Mr. Miller exhibits a very liberal view of what is considered right and what is considered wrong.’ She recommended him for API stating that if he doesn’t work for API ‘he will more than likely become a serial killer.’
Loretta walked to Joe’s kitchen and grabbed a cold beer. She knew she had to watch Silas’ video next. Silas only had one session. His session was only a formality since he had been injected with the guardian serum. API only needed to know his mental state. His session was even shorter than Jason’s. Dr. Shen once again conducted the meeting. She repeated the introductions she had done with Jason and then she asked Silas to recall his earliest happy memory.
“It was when I was six and my sister Jade was thirteen. I’ve watched brothers and sisters on television. They always argue and the older one always dislikes the younger one. It won’t that way with me and Jade. She always kept me near her and played with me. She protected me when bigger kids tried to tease me. I remember when I was six this guy was eight years old tried to beat me up. He pushed me on the ground and punched me in the chest. Then he rolled off of me and was on his back. Then I looked over and saw Jade lifting him off the ground. She looked at me and told me to kick him where I pee. I kicked him as hard as I could. She held him and laughed. I laughed right along with her. She then told him that if he messed with me again she would call her best friend ‘Hulk Hogan’ to beat him up. Children believe anything; he believed her and ran off he never messed with me again. Jade then took me to the store and used her allowance money to buy me ice cream and candy. We weren’t supposed to have it before dinner so we ate it all under a tree. Then we went down to the pond and skipped rocks. Some of Jade’s friend’s stopped by and asked her to hang. She turned them down to hang out with me. I was impressed.”
“What happened to Jade?”
“When I was eleven, she came into my room crying. She told me she had to leave for a little while. She wouldn’t tell me why or nothing. She just said that we would see each other again one day. Then she left the house, I haven’t seen her since.”
“Silas, what about your parents? How do you feel about them?”
“They were the best parents a person could have. They always were there for me and they always helped me out. How did I repay them? I got my father killed.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because when the explosion happened my father was still alive. He was scrambling to get something. I imagine it was a gun. I was disobedient to what he had told me to do. I remember him yelling to me and my mama, ‘Get down and stay down,’ I stood up, he saw me and turned away from getting his gun and stepped in front of me to pull me down. As we went down he was shot twice. He died before we hit the floor. Then that bastard walked in and shot him again. Then he shot my mother in the chest. Then he shot me. If I hadn’t stood up my father would have gotten his gun and killed that man. Both of them would be alive now.”
“How do you know that?”
“My father was Superman. He could have gotten that gun and killed Fabian so fast, Fabian would’ve been dead before he realized what was happening.”
“Silas, if you were to see the man who murdered your parents today what would you do?”
“I would get close to him and I would put a bullet between his eyes and then I would destroy his entire family.”
“If he had children you would be willing to murder children?”
“I am not a monster like that man was, I would make the lives of his family members a living hell, but he would be the only one who would take a long walk off a short pier into a deep gorge.”
“If anyone tried to stop you from achieving this task what will you…” before Dr. Shen could finish this question Silas interrupted and answered.
“Mow ‘em down.”
That was the end of the video. Dr. Shen’s comments said that ‘Silas suffers from extremely misplaced guilt. He improperly blames himself for his parents’ murder and will more than likely overcome his pain with time.’ Loretta saw that another comment had been made ten months later. Apparently Silas had begun to have dreams of his parents. The comments said that the “…dreams have altered Hall’s mind. His mental stability is still present, however his conscious is blurred. Agent Hall is hiding something within him that quite possibly could make him a highly volatile individual. He has become so immersed in the job that he honestly believes he can kill five innocent people if in the process he saves fifty. Needs to be watched closely.”
Loretta’s cell phone rang. She realized it had been forty minutes since Joe had left. She answered. Joe was at a Chinese restaurant and wanted to know if she wanted Chinese. She told him what she wanted and hung up the phone. As soon as Loretta had hung up the phone she collapsed. She trained Silas and Jason and had never stopped to think of how they got to API. Loretta cried until her eyes were red. 
Shortly afterwards Joe returned from the restaurant. Loretta had his television on and was watching cartoons. Joe wondered why, he then looked at her eyes and decided not to ask. He simply gave her the food she requested and sat next to her. Loretta thought to herself, “Jason is right, Spongebob is hilarious.”
Chapter 18
Silas had decided to take an exit that read Dabney Drive because he saw a fast food sign. As he pulled into the parking lot he woke Alana and Jason. They both looked happy to see the fast food restaurant. As soon as Silas brought the car to a stop, Alana was opening the door and getting out. Jason followed her. They did not even give Silas time to follow them. Once inside, they saw that there were several young women at the counter. The lines were long and backed up. They each got in different lines and waited.
About ten minutes later the three of them sat at a table and watched the town that was Henderson. Silas looked down at his watch it was seven o’clock on the dot. It was dark outside and the town looked as if it was already about to head to bed. Silas and Jason had traveled all over the world and had managed to see things in the past few years many people save for years to visit, yet they were amazed at Henderson. They wondered why the town was dull at such an early hour. They chalked it up to it being a small town. Why have things that are open all night if the people aren’t?
Silas had almost finished his food by the time the other two were half way through. Silas even had more food than them. He had ordered three sandwiches, two fries, two apple pies and a large sweet tea. Jason and Alana looked at Silas in amazement.
“What?” Silas asked wondering why they were staring at him. 
“How can you eat so much and stay in shape? If you eat like this all the time you would need to exercise twenty-four seven,” said Alana.
“I have an extremely high metabolism. It helps me to heal faster if I have food in my system and I’m well-rested,” Silas replied.
“Yea, I remember when we were training,” Jason pointed to Silas. “This guy over here never had to work out as hard as the rest of us. He was always in perfect health. He was faster, stronger, and more agile than all of us without even trying…punk,” Jason said jokingly. 
“Shut up,” Silas said.
“Well I wish I could do that. Unfortunately I have to watch everything I eat or else my hips will spread like butter,” Alana said.
Once they had finished their meal. They sat for ten minutes trying to decide how they were going to get into Dr. Peter’s home. Jason laid out a plan. Silas proceeded to dissect his plan as soon as he was finished. Jason was angry, but it was directed at himself more than Silas. Even Alana threw in her two cents; she was practically ignored. 
Jason got up from the table and walked to the car. He stood at the driver’s side door as Silas and Alana walked up. Silas did not even attempt to drive. He knew that since Jason was wide awake he would not stand for anyone driving his car other than himself. 
It was five minutes to eight when the black Camaro pulled out of the Henderson McDonalds. The GPS in the car told them to turn off of Dabney Drive and onto Beckford Drive. Then they made another turn onto West Andrews Avenue also called NC-39. They traveled down this road for what seemed like eternity. They passed a turn that led to a series of trailers. 
“Yo, J, I think that was the turn back there,” Silas said.
“Why didn’t you say something before we got to the turn? You see we out here in the middle of nowhere and you gone pick now to be all mute.”
“Just do a U-Turn and tone down all the lip.”
Jason turned the car around and turned in the correct turn. The road was bad and bumpy. Jason cursed out loud when he turned on the road. He was just sure that his shocks were going to be ruined after this. 
Silas told him to stop at a red trailer that had a four-wheeler outside of it. Jason stopped then he pulled off and went to the end of the park. There were a series of trees there, under which he parked his car. Silas opened the passenger side door and got out. Alana looked at him as he prepared two guns. Silas reloaded them and then made sure that he had extra clips in his pockets. Silas could tell that she was afraid; mostly for Silas’ safety, but a little for her own safety. 
Jason was already locked and loaded when Silas signaled for him to follow. He was ready for action and was hoping for some evil doers to stop by.
Stanley Peters was afraid for his life. He had recently heard about Dr. Goode. He was not at all surprised at what happened to him. Peters saw it coming a mile away, so as soon as he had a chance, he fled to North Carolina. He wondered where he could hide after driving for several hours. Peters decided to get off the highway and stopped at this trailer park in Henderson. He was happy that the town was so small and cozy. It would be the perfect place in which for him to blend. 
On this particular night Peters had just returned from the convenience store just up the street from his new home. He had a hankering for pork rinds, ice cream, and potato chips. He had no idea why either, but more than likely it was because he had begun eating uncontrollably every since he began working for Fabian. He used to be a fit one hundred and seventy pounds. He stood at six foot one and was very muscular for a man almost sixty. His hair had just begun to go gray. After working for Taylor Fabian, he’d gained twenty pounds of fat, his hair was nearly all gray and his body ached in parts he didn’t know he had.
Upon his return home, Peters got out of his car and walked up to his front door with his bag of goodies in hand. As soon as he put his key in the knob, he felt a poke in his back. He did not dare look back. Peters accepted the fact that he was dead and was ready to accept his death with dignity. As soon as he opened the door a black man with blue jeans and a blue, yellow and white button up shirt was staring at him. The black man yelled for him to duck. Peters did as he was told and two bullets hit the assassin, behind him, in the neck. The back door was kicked in and two men ran inside. Before they could make it to the living room, Jason had risen and shot them. There was another shot from outside of the trailer. The bullet hit Silas in the shoulder. He was angry that he let that happen. His healing ability pushed the bullet out and healed his arm. Silas then ran around the trailer and saw nothing. He scanned the area as good as possible. Then he heard it; from his left he heard a distant ping noise. Silas moved out of the way while charging in the direction of the shot. 
“S1, have you hit the target?” a voice said to the sniper approximately fifty yards away in a tree. 
“That is a negative,” the first sniper replied.
“Take out Hall S1.”
 The sniper reloaded his weapon and aimed again. He waited for a sign of something. Unfortunately he could not see Silas or Jason anywhere. He couldn’t even see Peters. The sniper waited with the stillness of a rock. He was determined that he would not move until he had hit his target. He heard a twig break from below. He took his eyes off the scope and looked down. He was amazed at how had Silas managed to get to him this quickly without him noticing. Silas showed no mercy. He shot the sniper right between the eyes. The sniper hit the ground with a thud. 
Jason was in the trailer helping Dr. Peters gather his essential belongings. Peters had files on Project Golden Eagle and Jason had to make sure that those files made it into the hands of API analysts. Once all of the files were gathered, Jason told Dr. Peters to stay close to him. They walked out the front door and down the steps. Suddenly around the house two assassins in ski masks charged at them. Jason shot twice, but he missed. Jason re-aimed and fired again. The first man went down after being hit in the face. The second man was lucky and he made it to Jason. He knocked the gun down out of Jason’s hand. Then he swung around and tried to shoot Jason himself. Alas, Jason was too fast for him. By the time he had turned back around to face Jason, the API agent had pulled out a knife and stabbed the assassin in the chest. Then Jason ran behind the assassin to catch him. He then pulled off the ski mask and saw that it was a woman. Jason traveled down her body with his eyes and whistled, “Under different circumstances we could have had a long walk on the beach or a picnic in the park.” Jason then proceeded to cut her throat.
Jason and Peters arrived at the car and saw no one. As they looked in the back seat they saw Alana tucked in on the floor. She glanced up and saw them. Alana felt as happy as she could be at that time. She looked behind them for Silas. As Jason got into the car he looked around for Silas. 
Jason got back out of the car and looked back towards the woods. He then heard rustling and he pulled up his gun. Twigs broke, and someone was breathing heavy. There was a gunshot and then an assassin fell out of the woods. Jason was about to run in after Silas, when he heard a weird sound and several other assassins flew out of the woods.
Silas raised his right hand up and one of the men lifted from the ground. Silas then slowly closed his fist as the man’s breathing slowed. Once Silas’ hand was completely closed the man’s eyes closed as well. Jason and the others looked in amazement. 
Silas stepped towards the car with his guns both aimed forward. He stepped over one of the assassins then turned back and shot one, that was faking death, in the face. He then proceeded to the car. He hopped in the passenger’s seat as Dr. Peters got into the back seat with Alana. 
Silas narrowed his eyes and got back out of the car. He pulled his gun up quickly and shot twice. He changed the clip and shot again. A body fell off the roof of Dr. Peter’s trailer. Jason roared the engine and tore off down the dirt road.
Everyone was sure that they were home free until they got to the main road. Four vehicles seemed to appear out of the woods. Two of them were Jeeps; the other two were Suburbans. Silas held an odd weapon towards the vehicles and fired. The two suburbans then flipped over onto their side. He would have done the two jeeps as well, but he was too close.
The Jeeps came to a screeching halt. They could drive through the woods with ease. Fortunately a Jeep could not keep up with a ’76 Camaro on the road, especially with Silas in the car. Jason pushed his car to the limit as he traveled down NC-39. In the distance Jason heard what he did not want to hear, police sirens. Someone in the trailer park had seen some of what was going on and alerted the police.
Jason was still not worried. As he looked in his rear view mirror he noticed several Crown Victoria’s. He smiled knowing that they would never catch him. His smile dropped quickly when he saw three sheriff deputies pass the police; they were driving Dodge Chargers. They would be a problem to elude. 
They came up to his bumper and all three of them were in a line. The first one bumped the Camaro and Jason was pissed.
“Hey,” Jason exclaimed.
“I didn’t know small towns like this could afford to give their officers Chargers,” Silas added. 
“This apparently was done about a year ago,” Dr. Peters added.
Jason frowned and then smirked. He pushed the gas pedal to the floor and the back end of the car seemed to drop a few inches. Jason took off ahead of the police. He looked at how fast he was moving; the needle was moving past seventy-five. He moved past two convenience stores that sat across from each other, which also signified that he was back in the city limits. Jason made a sharp turn onto a road that led to a housing community. As he turned he ran perpendicular to the police. Silas leaned out the window and shot several times. He hit the tires of one of the cars. The driver temporarily lost control. The car wobbled and then turned sharply and sat horizontally across a vertical road. Another police car slammed into it and the two cars flipped several times. The other two police cars avoided the accident and cut across the gas station parking lot. 
“Man these police ain’t like the ones in the movies. In the movies that would have took out half the cars following us,” Silas said.
Suddenly shots zipped from the three Chargers which were still on their tail. Jason entered a series of connected homes and drove through the neighborhood. He eventually reached a metal gate. He pushed the gas pedal down harder and hit the gate, knocking it down. Jason realized it was a dirt road behind the gate. Jason turned the wheel hard to turn the car onto the dirt road. The engine roared and the tires spun as the tail of the powerful car fishtailed and then straightened up. Silas leaned out the window again and shot a few times at the police officers. They were following each other so closely that they did not have the same mobility as Jason. They slammed into each other and one of the cars fell off the road onto its side in a ditch. The second Charger could not turn quick enough and roared into the woods. The third car passed through barely; it was followed by the remaining Crown Victorias. 
Jason had gotten some distance on his followers. In doing so he had allowed himself to be a bit more relaxed. Dr. Peters was afraid and Alana wondered what was happening.
“You two are supposed to be protecting me, am I correct?” Dr. Peters asked.
“We are,” Silas replied.
“I don’t believe being chased by police and shooting at them is protecting me.”
“Well if you want we can drop you off here and let you try to explain how you helped create a weapon that could kill millions of people, and that now you are just hiding out in their small town because you thought the people wouldn’t notice you,” Silas said.
Peters was silent. Suddenly ahead of them a Jeep quickly approached. Jason pressed the brakes hard. He looked at Silas and wondered what he should do next. He knew what he wanted to do, but they had to try to keep Alana and the doctor safe. 
“How we handlin’ this hoss?” Jason asked.
“Can you push yo’ baby to the limit?” Silas asked.
“I can if situation calls for it.”
Silas looked at Jason and then gave a worried look to Alana and Dr. Peters. Alana and Dr. Peters grew more afraid than they were before. They buckled their belts in anticipation of what would happen. Jason pushed the pedal down and the engine growled as it took off. In a game of chicken with the Jeep, Jason’s face was as plain as stone. Silas’ was more of a dirt rock, it looked tough, but that was looks alone. Alana and Dr. Peters’ face was drenched in sweat and they felt as if they were on a roller coaster ride they didn’t want to be on. Jason was determined to win this game. He did not want to lose at what he was doing. Silas sat in the passenger seat hoping what they were trying worked because if not, it would be very difficult to explain to the police why the three other people in the car died and he didn’t have a single scratch on him.
The driver of the Jeep was peering ahead. He saw blue lights behind the Camaro. The police were not his concern. His main concern was to kill Dr. Peters. His speedometer read sixty-five. He was going this fast on a dirt road. A smile crept on his face as he saw the Camaro turning.
Jason was an expert driver. He had managed to get the car to a speed where if he turned the wheel it would spin the back end of the car around 180 degrees; drifting. As Jason spun clockwise, the driver of the Jeep realized he had been tricked; Silas leaned out of the passenger side and shot at the driver. Silas shot four times and hit the driver three, once in the arm and twice in the chest. The driver was not even alive when he lost control of the Jeep and pushed the gas pedal down and plowed head-on with the Charger. Jason pushed the gas down and threw up gravel as he spun the car around to drive off. They were home free. 
The dirt road eventually turned into a paved one. Jason had no idea where he was, but he kept driving anyway. He passed a feather company. Further down the road he saw a building that was made of brick with glass doors and black trimming. A metal fence surrounded the building. Jason noticed the front gate was open. He drove inside the parking lot and around the building. He then parked behind the brick building. The two police cars had managed to get pass the wreckage and continued pursuit. Silas hopped out of the car and peered around the building. He saw the police cars pass. He turned and gave a thumbs up to the passengers. Dr. Peters and Alana climbed out while Jason fumbled with the GPS to try to find a way out of Henderson. 
“Are they gone?” Peters asked.
“Yeah, but if we don’t move soon we will run into the others they’ll send later.”
Silas walked over to Alana who was leaning against a building. Since their date the night before she hadn’t had much sleep. Even Silas himself was running off a few hours. He grabbed her hand and felt it shaking. She looked into his eyes and searched for comfort. Silas pulled her to him and held her head against his chest. She wept softly; she had tried to be strong and not let all that had happened get to her, but she couldn’t hold it anymore. 
They were interrupted by Dr. Peters. He leaned over and coughed a few times, and spit. Then everything came up; it was not a pretty sight. Once he was finished Dr. Peters fell to the ground and breathed heavily. He involuntarily created a weapon that could kill millions, but he had never seen a person get shot, or get in a head-on collision. He had blood on his neck and all over the back of shirt. None of the blood was his. It belonged to a man who had put a gun at his back, but was shot by a man who had mysteriously appeared in his house. Dr. Peters regretted ever having anything to do with Taylor Fabian. 
“We are about forty-five minutes from home,” Jason said oblivious to what was going on to the others around him. Jason couldn’t have cared less if Alana or Peters could handle what they had seen. Jason figured that his life was hard enough without trying to worry about others. Besides he always let Silas do the comforting thing. The only person he tried to comfort was himself and Silas. They were the two most important people to him.
“J, you really need sleep,” Silas said.
“Silas you are not driving my car. I slept on the way to this place,” Jason replied.
“Well you need sleep; you know I can get by with far less sleep than you. Just slide over.”
Reluctantly Jason slid over and got out to allow Alana and Peters to get back into the car. Minutes later the foursome was on I-85 headed towards home.
In New York the next morning Loretta awoke with stiffness in her neck. She had slept on Joe’s couch. She looked at the cable box and saw that it was three minutes after ten Sunday morning. Joe was already up. Once he saw that Loretta had awakened he brought her a cup of coffee. He began to tell her what he learned about Fabian.
“Looks like Taylor was supposed to be in L.A. two days ago. Today he was supposed to be in Chicago. He’s cancelled both engagements.”
“Did we learn anything from Trooper’s journal?” Loretta asked.
“Williams called this morning and said that it looks like Fabian has fallen off the grid. There has been no movement at his home in Miami. He has pretty much gone ghost. But the science project and the maniac showed up late last night with good news.”
“What was it?”
“They got one of the two doctors in charge of helping create Fabian’s version of Project Golden Eagle. They are analyzing his notes and comparing them with notes from Daniel Trooper.”
“They come up with anything substantial?”
“They know what the weapon does, they know about the video game murders and they have proof that ties the video games to WorldTech and The Brotherhood of Unity. However we have no Fabian so we can’t stop the bomb from going off in four days.”
 The two of them sat in front of the television and Loretta once again turned to cartoons and laughed as she drank coffee. Joe wondered why she watched cartoons now.
“Loretta what’s up with the cartoons?” Joe asked.
“Well I noticed that Silas and Jason spend a lot of time watching cartoons. I’ve actually learned that cartoons provide a temporary relief from the stress of a job like this one.”
Joe began to channel surf he stopped on a news program about the invention of the thong, much to Loretta’s dismay. Suddenly the show was interrupted by breaking news. The anchor stated what Loretta had hoped she wouldn’t hear, but was sure she would.
“Today a Dr. Laurence Goode was found in his apartment dead. It appears he was murdered with his hands and feet tied. Police arrived to find Dr. Goode lying on the floor in a pool of his own blood. If anyone has any knowledge of this terrifying act please call the number at the bottom of your screen.”
“I can’t believe that,” Joe said.
“I can. I knew it would happen; I only hoped I was wrong. Silas or Jason called yet?”
“No, but Williams told me about the damage the caused yesterday. Apparently they had a woman killed in an alley. They tortured a man and left him tied to a tree. I think Williams said they rescued a kidnapped girl and killed two Whitenight guys. They put one in the freezer the other in a tub of ice and turned the air conditioning up. Then last night in Henderson they led a high speed chase that killed three officers and put four in intensive care. There were also thirteen dead bodies found around Peters’ home.”
“They cause a mess all the time, but somehow they manage to always come through. Especially with this doctor.”
“You have a point there.”
In North Carolina Silas was trying to find a way to bring Taylor Fabian out of hiding. He knew that Loretta would more than likely never find him. He had to think of something. Unfortunately, Jason’s snoring tortured Silas’ ability to focus. He would normally have told Jason to go home, but he did not want to wake him after they got home last night. Jason would not have been able to stay awake during the drive home so Silas covered him in a blanket and allowed him to sleep. Peters was at API’s headquarters helping the analysts and doctors find Fabian. Alana and Shelly had been reunited. A team of five agents were stationed around Alana’s home as she and Shelly cleaned the place up. 
Silas went into his bedroom and sat on the edge of his bed. Eventually he laid back and before he knew it he was asleep. He awoke about an hour and a half later. He heard the television on and the SpongeBob theme song. Under his breath Jason sang along. Silas chuckled at the idea of a man like Jason singing the Spongebob Squarepants song. Silas peeked in the living room and saw Jason sitting up eating a bowl of cereal. Silas sat back down and pondered to himself. 
The only way to get Fabian out of hiding was to take away his ability to hide. Silas ran into the living room and smiled from ear to ear. Jason was confused, but continued to eat his cereal. He gave Silas a frown to show that he was dumbfounded.
“If a person like Taylor Fabian has enough money to hide anywhere he likes, how do you get him to come out of hiding?”
“I don’t know,” Jason answered with a mouthful of overly sweet and overly childish cereal.
“You take away his money,” Silas said with a demented smirk on his face. 
Silas had piqued Jason’s interest. “How we gonna do that?”
“We don’t have to do it ourselves. Get all the information we have on the video games with the subliminal messages. Also get everything Dr. Xavier told us about the fingerprints on the games. Gather everything we have on Fabian that ties him to the video game murders.”
“Then do what with it?” 
Silas’ smile grew larger, “Go public.
Part Four: The Big Finish
Chapter 19
At FBI headquarters in Washington D.C, a phone call was placed at twelve fifteen Sunday afternoon. A lowly analyst took the call and figured that it meant nothing. He was not concerned about the call until he heard certain keywords that set him off. The moment he heard the words his eyes gleamed with the possibility of promotion and fame.
“With whom am I speaking?” the voice asked.
“I am Special Agent Waters with the FBI. You have called the toll-free number so I assume you have important information you want to share. So to begin what is the nature of this call today?” said Waters.
“I have called because I can connect murders in New Mexico and Nebraska with ones committed in Vermont and Washington. I know you are investigating them. You know, the ones where the teenager murdered his family and the man murdered his wife and neighbors.”
“How can you do that?”
Silas could not help, but to smile. He knew that Fabian would never see this coming.
“May I speak with someone with a rank higher than yours?” Silas asked.
“Why, why don’t you just talk to me?”
“Because you can’t help us. Just like the two you sent after me in New Mexico couldn’t help us.”
Waters’ attention was sparked, “And who is ‘us’.”
There was a pause, and then Silas uttered, “The Agency for the Protection of the Innocent or API.”
The line went silent as the analyst rushed to get the highest ranking person he could find. He just happened to find the Deputy Director of the FBI. He knew that API was a secret only high government officials knew of.
“Sir, I have someone you might want to speak to. He says he can connect the weird murders in New Mexico, Vermont, Nebraska, and Washington.”
“Tell him to provide us with solid evidence or don’t waste our time.”
“I thought the same thing sir initially, but I think we should take this call seriously.”
“Why should we? Did the caller provide anything solid? We are the FBI we can’t go gallivanting and charging head first because of every call we get.”
“But sir he knew about the agents in New Mexico and he says he’s with API.”
The Deputy Director felt his heart drop. The FBI wanted to shut down API with a passion; since they could not they simply took credit for the work they did. They knew that if API went public they would be hunted down by every acronym in the US Department of Justice. The Deputy Director (DD) followed the analyst back to the phone and grabbed the receiver; he identified himself and waited for a response.
“Check all of the games produced by WorldTech and you will find virtual fingerprints and taunts that tie the games to the Brotherhood of Unity. Also if you have not done so yet, search the homes of Wesley Peterson in Vermont and Brandi Ruiz in Washington for a video game called Kalimdur’s Revenge. Once you have done this analyze the seventh level of the game and you will find the subliminal messages that Taylor Fabian’s company implanted into the game.”
The DD noticed that a fax machine across the room had begun to hum. Silas was amused at how clever he was being at the time. He wanted so bad to laugh at the DD and the people who were trying to trace the call and would soon raid an apartment building in Kannapolis, North Carolina.
“The faxes that I am sending you are copies from the personal journal of Daniel Trooper. You are investigating his murder. These pages tell of Fabian’s involvement as well as the involvement of many others around the country. In two days I will send you the original journal itself. Finally if I were you I would freeze all of Fabian’s American assets and accounts. Also I would raid all five of his homes.”
 An analyst across the room smiled and whispered that they had a lock on where the call was coming from. Silas continued.
“Oh and if you are planning to raid Kannapolis looking for me, good luck.” Then the line went dead. 
The DD was a tall Caucasian male with brown hair and wore a navy blue suit today. His shirt was white and expensive. His tie was red and was a father’s day gift. The DD was happy to have this information. Compared with the information his people had obtained on Trooper earlier he knew this would be enough to do what he wanted. Only obstacle now was going to be an easy one; he would have to present the information to the Director and hope he would be as eager as the DD was now.
The Director was a stern man with a square chin and strong facial features. His hair was black, but gray streaks raced from front to back. He usually wore a black suit, a white shirt, and a red tie. He had a lot on his plate. He currently was investigating the theft of a several secret weapons from a United States armory. The armory housed the remaining chemical and biological weapons the United States had not yet destroyed. He was not in a good mood when the DD came into his office.
About thirty minutes later the DD had explained everything to the Director. The Director thought and pondered. He showed no emotion. On the inside he was ecstatic and overjoyed; however on the outside he was composed and calm. After he pondered what he would do, he told the DD to freeze Fabian’s American accounts and assets. He also told him to stop all operations at WorldTech and its components. Finally he told him to keep everything out of the news.As soon as he was out of the Director’s office the DD radioed in for all agents to move.
On the following Monday morning in New York, it was seven fifteen and Chrissy, a former secretary with Trooper Corp, sat at her desk. She had no idea what was about to happen. She had not seen her new boss in days; she was grateful. When he was not around she was able to practice her skills. She had decided that she did not want to go through life being an expensive stress reliever. Her first day on the job Taylor Fabian called her into his office. She was forced to sleep with him on his desk. Once he had finished he simply pulled his pants up and told her to clean herself off and get back to work. It was at this moment that Chrissy decided to take herself seriously. Today was a new day for her; it was a new beginning.
Suddenly, dozens of Federal agents stormed the building with body armor and assault weapons. Chrissy was escorted out of the building along with the other three hundred and fifteen employees.
The same happened in New Jersey, Chicago, LA, Charlotte, and Houston. Federal agents seized computers and people they considered ‘of interest.’ Calls were put in to banks all over the United States and Fabian’s money was frozen. All control and monitoring of his accounts was delegated to the FBI. 
By eleven that Monday morning Taylor Fabian’s day life was over. The DD entered his office and was happy with his accomplishments. All he needed to do now was find Taylor Fabian. He knew that even though they had frozen his accounts he could still be extremely mobile. Fabian’s day life was only a part of who he was. Taylor’s monetary worth was still high because of his nighttime persona. 
Silas had counted on this and he needed extra help in apprehending Taylor Fabian before his Miami announcement in a little less than four days. He had practically destroyed Fabian’s day life, but he needed to do a little more damage to the man. Silas thought for a while. Who could help him in making Fabian’s life a living hell right now? The television was on in the background he saw some celebrity running to their car to try to get away from the paparazzi. A light bulb went off in his head. Silas gathered the originals of the information he had sent to the FBI and sent copies to the top newspapers all over the country. He then sent copies to the major networks. He spent the next three hours sending copies and parts of the information gathered all over the United States. By Tuesday morning Taylor Fabian would not only have the FBI looking for him, but paparazzi and journalists from all over the country. Silas even sent word to The Guardian, The Observer, The Times and others in Great Britain.
In an unknown location Taylor Fabian rolled off of a young Hispanic woman. His body and hers were both slick with sweat. They both had been satisfied and were breathing heavily. They had just finished having sex and Taylor Fabian’s manhood was just now lowering itself. He looked at the woman who laid next to him. She was only twenty-one years old. Her skin was the color of caramel. Her hair was dark brown with light brown streaks. Her implants were not too big, but managed to stand straight up even though she laid flat on her back. 
Taylor Fabian usually dominated the women he was with and forced them to be ready anytime he called them. But this woman was different; it took all the energy in his body to keep up with her. Many times he thought he was going to lose it. At one point she was on top of him and gyrated in a manner that drove Taylor mad. He grabbed her butt and squeezed the big soft cheeks and smacked them. As she went up and down he could barely contain himself. He felt as if he were controlling her on him. 
During sex Fabian told her numerous times that he loved her and he wanted her to have his child. A few seconds earlier he was elated that he had held on long enough to please her as her face contorted and her nails dug into his back. As he reached his own climax he repeated that everything he had was hers. He swore to her that everything he had was hers if she never left him. Fabian did not want the moment to end. Unfortunately for him it did end. 
“I don’t want you to leave,” Fabian said.
“I don’t want to leave,” said the woman named Carla.
“I love you so much. I have millions of dollars and I can make sure that you never have to worry about a thing.”
Carla was silent. She felt that the sex was good and she was grateful that she had been satisfied, but she had no idea that Taylor Fabian would be so attached. Fabian read her silence and understood.
“I know you may not feel the same about me, but I care about you so much that I want to give you the world. I want you all the time. I want me and you to always be one flesh. Our lovemaking was wonderful and world shaking.” Fabian then leaned in to kiss her on the lips. Carla kissed him back and breathed heavily as Fabian’s kisses traveled down from her lips to her neck to her chest. She was in anticipation as he kissed her inner thigh. Before he could begin what he wanted to do, he was interrupted by one of his followers.
“Sir, I am sorry to bother you,” the black man began. He saw the nude Hispanic woman and was instantly turned on himself. He wanted to push his boss aside and rip his clothes off and hop into bed. Unfortunately he remembered what his task was and it was not a good one. “The FBI have stormed all seven of our offices. They have seized all WorldTech money and brought all executives in for questioning.”
Fabian looked at Carla. He then threw on his pants and undershirt. He leaned over and kissed her on the lips and walked out of the room.
“What the hell is going on Jones?” Fabian said to the man walking with him.
“About an hour ago we got a report that Ace and Atlas hadn’t checked in. I sent someone to check on them. They found Ace in a tub of ice dead from a gunshot wound to the head and Atlas was in the deep freezer with a broken neck and several gunshots at point blank range to the face. Ace had all of his fingernails removed and a few toenails and he had rope burn. He’d been tortured,” Jones said.
“With what is going on, I bet they told everything.”
“That is what I was thinking. That means we’re in big trouble. Maybe we should postpone the event.”
“Not by a long shot. We do that; API wins. We have the weapon; they know we have the weapon, now we just have to show them we are serious. Everything continues as planned. Understand?”
“Yes,” Jones answered.
At nine-fifteen that night Silas called Loretta. She was still in New York and was impressed with what Silas had done. She also knew that Reid would be livid and Silas would have to wait a while before he returned to API headquarters. 
“I heard about your little stunt Silas,” Loretta began.
“I know you’re angry, but I felt it was the best way to force Fabian to make a mistake,” Silas responded.
“I’m not mad. I just hope you know that Reid will not see things your way. He has already contacted me and ordered me to stand down. He says we are not to step foot in Miami.”
“What! How are we not going to go? We have to stop Fabian. We know where he is and what he is going to do; why not stop him?”
“Reid has had Miami monitored. Whitenight troops and B.O.U. guys are arriving in Miami in droves Silas. Even the head of Whitenight, Earl Jennings, has shown up. We don’t have the manpower for an assault like that. Besides, Fabian would see us coming and detonate that weapon as soon as we got in range.”
“So we aren’t going to do our job because it’s dangerous?”
“I know, I wouldn’t make the same decision, but you and me got to follow orders. Now that you have involved the FBI maybe they can stop him.”
Silas then was full of joy. He had just realized a way to attack Fabian and do so without Reid’s blessing. Silas now just needed to explain his plan to Loretta and hope she went along with him.
“Loretta how many people in API owe you big favors?”
“Nearly everyone.”
“How many of them would be willing to go against a direct order from Reid?”
“Most non kiss ass agents would love to make Reid angry.”
“Could you call in favors to as many as you can?”
“I could, but why?”
“We could take Miami without Reid’s blessing.”
“Silas I was afraid that is where you were headed with this. We would never be able to mount an assault of that magnitude without all of API backing us and we ain’t gonna get that without Reid.”
“Look, I promise you we can take on and bring down Fabian. Please, can you have faith in me?”
Loretta did not want to put her faith in Silas. She had read his file and knew he desperately wanted to kill Fabian and he did not care who he sacrificed to do it. She also knew that Reid and the FBI wanted Fabian for other reasons (though she had no idea what they were). She was torn between letting Silas get to him or letting the FBI or Reid get to him. Fabian was a little fish that could be left out as bait for the bigger fish. Loretta sat silently and allowed her mind to drift back to Silas and Jason’s psychiatric sessions. She then put herself in their place and she came to a new understanding. If she did not help Silas, he would go it alone or with Jason alone and the two of them would end up dead. 
“Silas I will see what I can do. I will call you in three days okay?”
“Okay, Loretta thank you so much. You don’t know how much this means to me.”
Loretta hung up her phone and sighed. She wished Silas hadn’t asked her for a favor that was so large and complicated. Loretta agreed so she could not back out now. She opened her cell phone and began calling.
Chapter 20
It was Wednesday; in a little over twenty-four hours Taylor Fabian would announce that he had a weapon of mass destruction. He would prove that he was serious by detonating the weapon in Lake Clarke Florida. Over half a million people would be dead from Lake Clarke to Palm Springs all the way to Miami and in surrounding areas. There would be no life within thirty six hours. A madman with a deadly chemical weapon planned to hold America hostage and claim many weapons by using a few. 
For the past few days Silas and Alana had been inseparable. Neither Jason or Shelly could come between them. Silas had sent flowers to her job on Monday. That night she invited him over and cooked for him. He spent the night at Alana’s home and they talked all night long. She took Tuesday off and they went and had breakfast. Then they drove to a lake and talked for hours. Near the afternoon they drove to an IMAX theater to catch a movie. That night they danced at a night club. 
It was twelve fifteen Wednesday morning when Silas stood at Alana’s front door. The two of them had danced the night away. They had told each other intimate secrets for the last few days, but now when this certain moment arose they were like two timid teenagers. Alana fumbled with her keys. She repeated how much fun she had had with Silas. Silas smiled and said he had not enjoyed himself this much in a while. Silas wanted to make a move, but he knew he would probably be kicking himself later for not making a move. Finally he threw caution into the wind and he leaned forward. Alana followed his lead and she leaned forward as well. Both of their eyes were closed as their lips met. As quick as the kiss started, it had ended. They stared at each other for a second and then simultaneously they began to kiss again. This time the kiss was longer, deeper and more passionate than the previous two. They stood there kissing for what seemed like an eternity until Alana opened her door. 
The next morning Silas looked at Alana. She was using another personal day to be off from work. She couldn’t help but to smile at Silas. Silas had an equally silly grin plastered on his face as well. 
“I remember when I first met you and you mumbled, ‘please walk away,’” Silas said.
Alana chuckled, “I did not. I don’t remember saying that.”
“It was on your face though. I remember walking away crying. But…” Silas turned away from her and mimicked crying. “But imma be okay.” 
“Shut up,” Alana said playfully shoving Silas while he turned back to her and laughed. 
“Alana tell me something, would you have called me or went out with me if it hadn’t been for the convenience store fiasco?”
“Honestly, I don’t think it matters.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because you are here now, so things worked out in my favor.”
“Well, I am glad you called me to,” Silas moved his head forward and kissed her lips. “Because hanging with Jason all the time is no fun.”
“You two seem like brothers.”
“He has always been there for me except the rare times he gets caught up with women.”
“What do you mean?”
Silas rose up and rested his head on his right hand. He began the story playfully.
“About two years ago J and me were in Paris. We were there to find some guy who had stolen secrets from the US and Australian governments and he was trying to sell them to some guy who was angry at England, very convoluted I know. We learned where the guy was, I called J, but he was caught up with some woman. Can you believe he actually answered the phone. I could hear the woman moaning in the background.”
“Wait a minute, he was in the middle of sex and he took a phone call from you?”
“Exactly he answered the phone midstride! And get this, he told me he was on the way. Like a fool I believed him and moved on the guy. He got pinned and J was nowhere to be found. At the last minute I escaped and thought the secrets had gotten away. Then all of a sudden the car that the guy was in just blew up. Right there in the middle of the street the car blew up. Jason blew the car up and in the process caused thousands of dollars of damage. He even put six people in the hospital. Do you know what his response was? ‘My bad,’”
Alana laughed. 
Silas’ cell phone rang. He looked at the name and number and knew that soon Alana would be upset with him. He rose out of bed and whispered to her that he had to take the call. Silas stepped over to a window and took the call. Alana rose out of bed and glared at Silas. She then threw a robe over her nearly nude body. She wanted to eavesdrop, but she gave Silas his privacy anyway.
“Hello,” Silas said.
“Silas, it’s Loretta,” Loretta began.
“What did you find?”
“We move today at noon. We are hitting Fabian’s Miami compound tomorrow at four o’clock a.m.”
“How many people agreed to help us?”
Loretta sighed and regretted having to tell Silas. “Counting me, you, and J; 30.”
“How many do they have?”
“I sent a recon team yesterday to monitor train and bus stations as well as airports. They counted all together fifty-eight Whitenight guys. B.O.U is probably already in the compound.”
“How did we find the compound?”
“Our recon team followed Earl Jennings.”
“Where do we meet?”
“We are meeting at the auxiliary hangar. We have hummers there ready. I figured choppers would bring too much attention. When we get there we have to move fast. Reid finds out what we are doing he will find a way to stop us.”
“J, know yet?”
“I had a hard time getting in touch with him. A young woman named Millie answered his phone for some reason, but I did tell him when and where.”
“Loretta, thank you a lot.”
“No need to thank me. Just make sure this plan you devised works.”
“It will. I’ll speak with you later.”
Silas hung the phone up and Alana was walking back into the room. She could tell by his face that something was not right. She half knew what it was, but she hoped that she was wrong. Alana did not want Silas to go to Miami. She felt safer hoping he would follow the orders of his boss and not go.
“Who was that?”
“It was Payne.”
“What did she want?”
Silas hesitated before he spoke, “We move out today for an early morning assault.”
Alana was calm, “So you all are going to disobey a direct order. You told me that your boss wouldn’t allow you to move.”
“We have to.”
“No you don’t,” Alana was growing angry. “You do not have to go. Let someone like the FBI do it.”
“The FBI has gone after him several times and failed every time.”
“What about your numbers? Aren’t you going to be outnumbered?”
“Yes, but this is my job I have to protect innocent people. If we don’t move then over half a million people will be dead.”
“Why are you the only ones who can do this? Why?”
Alana didn’t wait for his answer. Silas gathered his things and slowly walked to her bathroom and washed himself and prepared for what was to come. Silas was in the bathroom for about thirty minutes. When he came out he looked at Alana who sat in her living room. She was watching a television show. Silas didn’t even pay attention to what was on the screen. He wanted her to speak to him so badly.
“I’m leaving now,” Silas said.
Alana said nothing. Silas dropped his head and opened the front door. He walked out and towards the end of the hallway. Behind him he heard Alana call his name. Silas turned and she kissed him on the lips for a few seconds. Then she slowly opened her eyes. 
“Come back,” she whispered to him.
“I promise I will,” Silas responded.
Silas then turned and began to walk away. Once he was out of Alana’s sight he reached for his cellular phone. He opened it up and called Jason. Silas needed to make sure that Jason was ready and was at least on his way to the rendezvous point. 
“Hello,” Jason sounded sleepy.
“Jason, are you awake? We have to be at the auxiliary launch pad at twelve noon.”
“Sy, it’s eleven fifteen. From where I am it will take me ten minutes.”
“I don’t know where you are and I don’t know if you are lying to me now, so I will be calling you every five minutes until I see you and know that you are in place.”
“Alright, alright. I’m moving. You know you are a douche bag, a huge two gallon size douche bag.”
“I do what I can. Tell Millie I said what up. Move it sweetie,” Silas knew that Jason would hang up and cuss him.
The auxiliary hangar was actually a series of jeeps and vans that were in a hangar owned by API. There was also a helicopter there. Being that they were trying to bring as little attention to themselves as possible they would not be taking the helicopter. Loretta was already at the hangar when Silas arrived at eleven-fifty. He was surprised to see Jason already there.
“See Sy, I told you I could be here in ten minutes.”
“I see,” Silas responded.
Silas looked past Jason and saw the other thirty individuals who would be accompanying them on their assault. Loretta alerted Silas that the recon team was already in Miami and would be giving them up to the minute information. She also told him that the plans had been changed on Fabian’s end, but it brought no extra strain to him. 
“Payne, does everyone have their itinerary?”
“The people have been split the way you wanted them.”
“Well we have a thirteen hour drive ahead of us so we better get moving.”
Loretta climbed into the driver’s seat of one of the six vehicles. Loretta led the pack the other five jeeps and vans followed her as she got onto I-95 south.
In Lake Clarke Shores Taylor Fabian was preparing for an attack. He knew that many people had figured out his plan in Miami so he altered it and rented a house in Lake Clarke shores. He was not a fool; he knew that API, the FBI, or someone else would try to take him out. Fabian was sure of it. It was times such as this that he regretted ever agreeing to do the work he did. He called a meeting in the main hall of his Lake Clarke Shores compound. A twenty-foot high iron fence rose all around the compound. In front of the iron fence was another fence that was about two to three feet shorter. This fence was made of cement. It would take a lot of force to get past it. 
The house itself was 9500 square feet. It was made of brick with cement pillars along the front of the house. There were several trees around the home. This was one of the reason’s Fabian chose to rent this place, he knew that he would be utilizing snipers. The trees were the ideal place for them to hide. The home was two stories high. In the few hours that they had been there Fabian’s people had set up security systems, cameras, and even managed to get a few dogs.
There were two entrances to the compound. The first entrance was at the front gate it was heavily guarded. The second entrance was at the back of the house. This entrance was not as heavily guarded because of Lake Clarke that sat at the compounds back.
Stationed at different points around the fence were heavily armed gunmen. On the roof of the compound and in surrounding trees there were several snipers who were waiting for the chance to prove themselves. 
On the grounds of the compound and inside the compound itself there were dozens of Whitenight soldiers who stood patiently awaiting orders from Taylor Fabian. Throughout the house assassins and crooked business men from all over the country waited with Taylor Fabian. Fabian had an uneasy feeling. 
Fabian paced back and forth in his private room. It would be less than twenty-four hours when he addressed the President and other leaders in the United States. Fabian had to alter his plans and did not like it. By altering his plans this close to endgame, he left himself open to make a mistake. 
The telephone in Fabian’s private room rang. Fabian jumped when it rang. He knew who it was and was greatly afraid.
“Hello,” Fabian said.
The voice was low that spoke to him. “Will your plan be successful?”
“Yes, it will be successful.”
“And you are sure?”
“I am sure. I also would like to express that I do not appreciate you second-guessing me. I know what I am doing and I will do what I do best.”
The low voice moaned dully and hung up the phone.
Taylor Fabian thought to himself how much he hated being the pawn in a game run by others. He was forced to order and watch his wife die in an explosion. He had grown out of love with his wife and threatened her life regularly, but he would never go through with it. He was a ruthless businessman, but not a murderer. Taylor Fabian’s employers saw her as a liability so they took care of her. Taylor hated them for it, but he could do nothing about it. He was a little fish they were the big fish. He hated what the big fish had forced him to become. 
It had been almost seven years and he still remembered their faces. The terror of how they looked when he shot them. Almost seven years ago they wanted him to prove himself to them. He was a struggling businessman at the time. His current employers found him and offered to make him richer than he could ever imagine if he would follow through with one order. With that he received his initiation task. It was to murder a man, a woman and their son. Fabian tried to find a way out. He wanted another task; he was a great businessman, but a murderer he was not. However, Taylor Fabian did as he was told, except the son lived and now unbeknownst to him was headed to him now intent on killing him and anyone else who stood in his way.
Chapter 21
It was one forty-five in the morning when the team arrived in Lake Clarke Shores. They had been told by the recon team about eight hours ago that Taylor’s Miami compound had been raided by the FBI and that they found nothing. Taylor Fabian had managed to gut the place out. The recon team followed them to Lake Clarke Shores. 
The team gathered on the opposing side of Lake Clarke. From there they could clearly see the compound. Here was where Silas would lay out his plan. He had gotten final numbers from the recon team and told them to stand down.
“There are thirty of you and you have all been assigned a leader. Team one you will be led by Teresa McBride. Your team’s job is to make a clear path. Recon has left us grenades and I need your team to pull the pins. Team two you will be led by Loretta Payne. Your job is to keep things cloudy and cut the power once Teresa’s team is finished. We cannot allow things to get out of hand here. So as long as we have the cover of night and you all keeping it cloudy then the sun won’t shine. Team three will be led by Jason Miller; you are the heat. You will provide cover for team four led by me when we go in. Team four we are the extraction team we move in quick get the weapons and Fabian and then we get out. Once my team is out all teams are then assigned to cover my team. Once this is done your orders are to disperse and get home safely. We will not be traveling home together. Does everyone understand their tasks?” Everyone nodded to show that they did understood. “Good, people we have to move fast. As soon as we blow those gates we are going to literally have a few minutes before this place will be crawling with police. So let’s do big things in a big way.”
In the compound Taylor Fabian was awakened by one of his people. Taylor was resting from another session with his Hispanic lover. He once again had used up most of his energy. Fabian was very upset by the fact that he was awakened.
“Boss, I think you might want to come and take a look at this,” said Jones the same black man who interrupted the session before.
Taylor followed the man down to the surveillance room. He pointed to one screen that had gone out. On the other screens there was nothing except static. 
“What’s the problem?” Taylor Fabian asked.
“There,” Jones pointed to a car parked in front of the compound. “I asked the men about this car and they said that a man ran out of gas and took off walking with a gas jug about two hours ago and he hasn’t returned.”
Fabian thought hard. He wondered what could possibly be going on with this car. The car was an older model Toyota Camry. Fabian picked up one of the radios and asked the closest guard to check the car to see if there was anything weird in it. In the camera Fabian could see the man walk over to the car and check it. There was nothing inside except some an old sweat shirt that read NC A&T. The man saw the sweat shirt and thought nothing of it. He simply said that there was nothing in there. 
In a different part of the yard an armed guard walked past one of the dogs. He kneeled down to pet the dog. The next thing he knew his throat was cut and he laid on the ground. Loretta stepped over him and made her way to the fence. She stuck her hand through the iron bars of the first fence and against the cement wall she placed several explosive charges. She then retreated without ever being seen. She looked back and saw the dog bleeding. One of her teammates killed it before it could give them away. Up above them they saw a sniper in a tree. Loretta aimed at him and pulled the trigger of her suppressed pistol. The man fell out of the tree. 
Teresa was a fairly attractive woman she had brunette hair and very fair skin. She wore glasses, but that did not hinder her on this night. She had made her way across the street. Her and her team were dispersed and looked like beggars. Teresa laid against a tree with a brown bag in her hand. She looked at the compound across the street and waited for Silas’ next command. The path would soon be clear and she had just heard that Loretta was ready to make clouds.
“Have that car moved Jones,” Fabian said.
“Yes sir,” Jones replied. 
A beggar slowly passed by the front wall of the fence. He carried a book bag like school kids carried. He stumbled a lot and walked with a limp. The beggar saw and approached an armed guard. He asked the guard for change. The guard shoved him and told him to get lost. Once the guard had walked away the beggar stumbled past the car and walked approximately one hundred feet when he dropped his book bag. He then leaned against the wall. Soon after that he managed to get to his feet and walked away. Little did the guards know that the beggar was a part of Teresa’s team who had found one of the bombs that the recon team had left behind.
Jones radioed down for the car to be moved ASAP. As soon as Jones made the command the closest guard walked over to the car and opened the door. His plan was to just slip the car into neutral and move it. As soon as he opened the door, Teresa pushed a button across the street, the car exploded and it took out the entire front gate. The explosion was so large and huge that everyone who stood around was thrown back several feet. Many of them did not live. 
There was confusion and pandemonium within the compound. Everyone scrambled to get to the front gate to secure it. The moment they gathered, the beggar across the street pushed a button and there was an explosion that blew a large gaping hole in the side of the fence.
Silas whispered into a microphone for Loretta to move. Her part was next and she was ready to make the night cloudy and gloomy. She and the members of her team carried small plastic boxes with one button on them. Once they got the word from Silas they pushed the button and the small charges on the cement fence exploded. Companied with smoke bombs the disintegrated fence made it difficult to see.
Loretta had split her team into two separate sectors the first sector breached the walls and set the charges the second sector was waiting to carry out their tasks.
Fabian was scrambling to get to the weapons. He was sure now that he could not continue to stay in this house. Running as fast as he could, Taylor Fabian, reached a room where very few were allowed. Fabian went inside the room and grabbed a portable safe. He began to put the combination into the safe. As he began to put in the code, there was a loud explosion in the street. Then the power in the compound was cut. Taylor couldn’t see anything. He stood still for a second and waited. Suddenly the generators kicked in and most of the lights came back on. When he turned the alleged leader of Whitenight stood in front of him.
Earl Jennings was tall. He stood at six foot three and weighed over three hundred pounds. His brown head was shiny and bald. His beard was completely gray. He wore a jogging suit which he loved because he had freedom to move.
He was not happy with what was happening. He was assured by Fabian that his men would be there for support and that they would not be in real danger. Now Earl saw Taylor grabbing the weapon and leaving everyone else to die; Earl could not take it. He grabbed Fabian by the neck and threw him against a wall. The safe dropped on the floor. Earl reached down and grabbed the safe. 
“This goes with me,” Earl stated. 
As Earl turned to leave he was shot in the back. He dropped the safe and fell to the floor. Taylor stepped over him and grabbed the safe. He hated personally killing people. Once again he cursed his employers for making him the way he was. Taylor Fabian grabbed the safe and ran down the hall to his bedroom.
Outside Silas led his team through the gaping front gate. All the members of his team were armed with assault rifles and they were surrounded by Jason’s team. They ran straight ahead knowing that was where the compound was. Jason’s team did a superb job providing them with cover. 
There were gunshots everywhere. Suddenly the man who ran next to Silas fell from gun fire. Up ahead Silas could see several individuals approaching him. He stretched out his left hand and waved it quickly. Several of the men slammed against the ground. Silas then reached into his pocket and pulled out a grenade. He pulled the pin and threw it ahead of him. The combatants all fell to the ground, most were dead.
Then the woman on Silas’ other side fell over dead. Silas looked up and saw the snipers from the roof picking off his team. They had killed three members of his team by the time Teresa’s team shot a rocket propelled grenade to the roof of the compound. The explosion instantly killed about three of the five snipers. A second launch finished the job. Jason and his team had reached the front door and were desperately shooting at enemies that were becoming increasingly visible. He then turned and shot back at a few people and he hit one person in the neck and then another in the chest. 
Once Silas reached the front door he realized Jason and his team were pinned in a corner by several gunmen firing from a window. Meanwhile, Silas closed his eyes and pushed his right hand towards the front door of the house. The entire front door caved in and the windows shattered. The individuals fell back in amazement. Jason ran in first and shot the individuals who were at the window.
Seconds later Silas was in the house looking for Fabian. Most of his team as well as most of Jason’s team had been killed. All that remained were Jason, Silas and three others. Two from Jason’s team and one from Silas’. Silas radioed to Loretta and Teresa to fall back. 
Loretta would have left had she not got into a heated tussle with a gentleman who didn’t mind hitting females. He tried to kick at Loretta, but she caught his leg under her right armpit. Loretta then swung her right leg behind his free leg causing him to fall to the ground. As he tried to get up she shot him twice in the chest. Loretta got the message and hoped her team got the message as well. She turned and made her way to Lake Clarke.
Silas ran down a hall followed by Jason and the three remaining members of their teams. A man jumped into the hall loading his gun. He had not noticed Silas and the others until it was too late. He looked up from his gun just in time to meet Silas, as he shot him dead in the center of his chest. Silas turned to Jason and gave an order.
“I’ll take my guy. You take your two and we split up and search for Fabian.”
Jason nodded and walked in the opposite direction. Silas turned to the agent that was with him named Frankie Heard. Agent Heard was not that attractive. She was stocky and short. Frankie was built like a running back. She wore her hair in a ponytail quite often. She followed Silas not because she was afraid, but because she knew he would live if he got shot; she wouldn’t.
Silas kicked the door in on a room; he saw Fabian climbing down out of a window. Silas ran to the window and shot at Fabian several times. Fabian was being extra protective of the Hispanic woman running with him. Silas could not get a clear shot of Fabian, but he aimed the gun and pulled the trigger. An instant later the woman holding Fabian’s hand fell to the ground limp. In the distance Silas could hear the police coming. He knew that the recon team had alerted the police as well as the FBI who had raided Fabian’s Miami home. 
Silas jumped out of the window and landed flat on his feet. He shattered the ankle in his left foot, but within seconds the bone was repairing itself. Suddenly Fabian took off in a car. He whizzed past Silas as the API agent let off several shot towards him. He had missed Taylor Fabian again. 
Suddenly a Jeep roared up next to him. Silas hopped in and thanked Jason for coming for him. They tore off down the street after Fabian. They sped past police cars that were intent on finding out what was going on in the compound. Jason followed Taylor closely as he sped on West Lake Drive. Fabian made a quick turn onto West Arabian Road. Silas shot several times at the car, but the car did not stop. He tried to shoot the tires out but he could not. Taylor then turned onto Florida Mango Road. 
Another car much like the one Taylor was driving pulled up behind the jeep and rammed them in the back. Silas immediately turned around and shot a few shots into the car. The tires turned left and the car hit a parked car. The speed and impact forced the back end of the hit car to spin around. 
Fabian turned onto Tenth Avenue North. Then he swung onto South Congress Avenue. He was speeding down the road. Silas wanted to put a bullet in Fabian so badly that his hand ached. His heart rate increased and he became anxious. The moment in which he had been waiting for almost seven years was at his fingertips. Up ahead he could see that Taylor was gaining some space on them. 
“Jason, do not lose him,” Silas commanded.
“Sy, we are in jeep he’s in an Acura. He is faster than us.” 
As Fabian passed an entrance to a shopping center, he was suddenly t-boned by a black van. The car Fabian was driving spun around and smashed into a tree. Fabian sat in the seat of the car unaware that Silas was quickly approaching him. Loretta was shaken up from ramming the van into Fabian like that. Jason was tending to her as Silas tended to Fabian. 
Silas walked towards the car and the door crumpled and fell off the hinges. Silas made a fist and pulled his arm back; Fabian flew out of the car. Silas then waved his hand towards a tree. Fabian slid across the ground and was pressed against the tree. Fabian tried to resist, but he knew that his attempts were futile. Silas walked over to Fabian forced the man’s gun to float over to Fabian with the barrel pressed against Fabian’s head. Silas then held his own gun toward Fabian.
“Give me one good reason why I shouldn’t kill you right here?” Silas said with a demented look on his face and a sense of hatred in his eyes. 
“Hall, stand down,” Loretta called to Silas.
Silas glanced at her and Jason and suddenly they both slid against the van and couldn’t move. They hadn’t realized that Silas had gained this level of control over his telekinesis.
“Yeah stand down Hall,” Fabian began. “Stand down while they continue to lie to you about your father. Stand down while they lie to you about your sister.”
Silas’ attention had been piqued. “What do you mean lie to me about my sister?’
Fabian laughed. “Do you believe everything everyone tells you? Did you really think I could orchestrate all of this? I’m a little guppy in a big tank of sharks. I’m nothing, a sham. Even the organization I’m head of is a cover for something bigger.”
“Then who do you work for? If you aren’t the grand architect, who is?” Silas asked.
Again Fabian laughed. “You know it really is funny that the mighty API hasn’t heard of the Blood Covenant.”
“I’ve heard of them; a conglomeration of several terrorists groups. They’re fake.”
“Oh but Mr. Hall they are as real as you and me.” Fabian laughed again. “I’m surprised Reid hasn’t told you any of this especially since he has the answers to so many of your questions especially about Jade Hall, your sister.”
“If you’re telling the truth then where are they?”
“Too much to explain, too little time to explain it.”
“What are you talking about too little time to explain it.”
“Look talk with Reid and then go to Cheyenne, Wyoming. There are answers there.”
“What do you mean? What’s there?”
Fabian was silent. He was deep in thought for the last few minutes of his life. He watched as Silas’ focus dropped and the gun pointed at his temple fell to the ground. Silas also lowered the gun in his hand.
“I really am sorry for what I did to your parents. I shouldn’t have been the one to force them to atone.” Fabian was quiet again. “I guess I’m getting mine now. I spoke too much.”
Silas’ face openly showed his confusion.
“Silas get out of the way this isn’t meant for you.”
“What?” Silas said.
“MOVE!” Fabian yelled. 
Silas ducked to the left as a bullet splattered Fabian’s head against the tree.
Silas turned and saw a man running. He shot at the man several times, but the man was too far away. Inside Silas felt he would see the man again.
Silas had long released Loretta and Jason. Loretta walked over and looked in the car and grabbed the safe with the Sarin-X. She then phoned the local police and told them where they could find Fabian and the weapons. Silas, Loretta and Jason left. The team had already received their orders to return home. It was over; they had saved everyone again and barely anyone would ever know.
Part Five-Epilogue
Chapter 22
API had been in existence for over thirty years and for that entire time Matthew Patrick Reid had been the Director; the leader and organizer. He knew what happened in his organization at all times and he refused to be surprised. Unfortunately, he was surprised when he learned that Taylor Fabian had been killed and the weapon returned. He also found it odd that many of his agents were among the dead.
Reid went into this office and shut the door softly behind him. As he turned away from the door he was startled to see Silas Hall sitting in his chair. Silas and the others had been back for about two days, yet this was Reid’s first time seeing Silas back.
“I guess you mad?” Silas began sarcastically.
“Normally I would be, but seeing as you just saved over half a million people I feel a little relieved. Loretta tells me you are taking a vacation. Where are you going?”
“Cheyenne. You know anything about Cheyenne, Wyoming?”
“I’ve been there before.”
“Me, I’ve been sent there for work, but I have never had the chance to really enjoy the place. That is what I plan to do this time; enjoy myself.”
“That’s good Silas.” Reid waited to see if there was something else Silas wanted to say.
“Have you ever sent assassins there to, you know, do work that was off the record and out of the books?” Silas asked.
“What?”
“You lied to me for all these years. Why?”
Reid knew that there was no use trying to hide this from Silas. “I…I was trying to protect you.”
“From what; the truth?”
“Silas, you don’t understand.”
“Then help me understand. Is Jade alive?”
Reid hesitated, “Yes.”
Reid looked around the room and saw Jason and Doc sitting there as well.
“Is my father alive?”
“Silas you don’t understand.”
“Answer the damn question Reid.”
“Yes.”
“Why have you been lying to me?”
“I didn’t need you to screw things up by allowing your emotions to get in the way.”
“Where is my father Reid?”
“In Wyoming.”
Silas stood to leave. Reid called to him, but Silas was not listening. He was intent on leaving and going to find his father. As he opened the door a woman stood before him with a familiar face. She looked so much like her mother. Her hair was longer and jet black. Her skin looked smooth, yet stressed. The woman had aged considerably, but Silas still knew exactly who she was.
“Hello Silas,” she said.
“Jade?” Silas replied.
“That was what I was trying to tell you Silas. Jade found us nine days ago.”
“Nine days,” Silas yelled. As his emotions rose, Reid lifted off the floor and slammed against a wall. Silas was able to do this without using his hands as a guide.
“Silas please,” Jade said.
Silas let Reid down. “You’ve been here for nine days and you haven’t bothered to contact me. I didn’t know if you were dead or alive.”
“I’m sorry, but I had to make sure the time was right.”
“Why wouldn’t it be? Under what circumstances would the time not be right.”
“Silas there’s something you need to know.”
Jason had had enough of the surprises and had no idea what was going on even though he had sat through it all.
“What’s going on here?” Jason asked.
“Silas, you need to know something about Nathaniel Hall. He is the founder and true head of Whitenight,” Reid stated.
“What about Earl Jennings?” Silas asked.
“Figurehead.”
“Lies,” Jason said.
“It’s true. He founded the organization 23 years ago,” Jade informed.
“Fabian said that the Brotherhood of Unity was in bed with the Blood Covenant. And we already know that Whitenight was partners with the Brotherhood. Why would my father work with the people who tried to kill him and his family?”
“Nathaniel ordered the hit. Your mother began to ask questions about his special projects,” Reid said.
Silas felt a welling up of anger on the inside. “So he had her killed?”
“Fabian was supposed to kill your mother and wound you and your father. However Fabian screwed up the orders given to him by the Covenant and he hurt Nathaniel too bad. When my people got there they got you out. When they tried to go back for Nathaniel the building collapsed. We thought he had died in that building. We believe his people got him out,” Reid explained.
“Something still doesn’t add up. Why did the Blood Covenant need Sarin-X? If they are such a powerful group why get a weapon like this one. It makes no sense,” Silas asked.
Jade replied, “I read your report on Winston Salem. Ace told you this was a mind game. The Blood Covenant needed you as far away as possible. They set up two elaborate schemes and sacrificed the Brotherhood just to keep API out of the loop and also so they could freely help facilitate our father’s evil vision. A vision that led him to sell me to the Covenant, kill our mother and turn on his friends.”
For the first time Doc spoke, “Double deception.”
“What is his ‘evil vision?’” Silas asked.
“That’s the second reason I’m here; to ask for the help of API in figuring that out. So far all I know is where Fabian got his weapons.”
“Where?” Silas asked.
“Here’s the kicker,” Reid began. “The U.S. government.”
“How is that possible?”
“Blood Covenant has people in high places. Very few are even investigating the weapon’s. The ones that are will reach a dead end because high ranking government officials are covering things up.
“Reid this is why you didn’t want us to go after Fabian in Florida?” Jason asked.
“Yeah, but I guess it’s a good thing you guys went. However, I did realize it was a trap, I just couldn’t explain everything at the time. I had to make sure I had all the information before I went to you guys. I mean Silas you stormed Fabian’s compound without my blessing. Imagine if I’d told you this. You would have went to Wyoming half-cocked.”
Silas said nothing at first. “Jade I’m glad you’re back.” Silas turned to leave.
“Silas where are you going?” Jade asked.
“I have to take care of something.”

Alana opened her door and was overcome with joy when she saw Silas. She was so excited that she even hugged Jason. Jason and Silas were equally surprised.
“I am so glad that you are alive. I saw on the news that so many people died down there.”
“Yeah it got bad, but you remember I promised I would come back. I told you I would.”
“I’m glad you did.”
Silas was silent. Alana sat down. Silas did not; he only stood. Alana could tell that there was something that was not right with him. She was afraid to ask him what it was. 
“Silas, what’s the matter?”
“I’ve been thinking about what happened to you. You were kidnapped, tied up and nearly raped; because of me, your life was in danger.”
“But you saved me. I’m okay Silas.”
“Yeah, but next time you might not be. I couldn’t live with that.”
“Shouldn’t it be my choice if my life is in danger?”
“Look Alana that’s not all. There are other aspects of my life that don’t bode well for you.”
“Like what?”
“Like…the fact that I age slower than normal humans. Doc says I age somewhere around three to five times slower than normal humans. Also there’s the fact that after having coffee with me you were kidnapped. Imagine if you and I were together like married, what could possibly happen.”
“We can make this work.”
Silas saw Alana begin to cry. He then could no longer contain himself and a single tear fell down his face. Silas glanced around and noticed Jason had gone to stand in the hallway. “It would be safer for you to forget me because you won’t be a doorway to me. It’s safer for me because I won’t be distracted wondering if someone is coming after you to get to me.”
“So you are dumping me?” Alana asked with tears in her eyes.
“Let’s not word it that way. I am setting you free. You really don’t understand the dangers of being near me. If something happened to you because of me I would never be able to forgive myself. So I am begging you to forget you ever knew me. I am sorry I ever came into your life. I am sorry I got you kidnapped and I am sorry you had to endure what you endured. You are free now and will not have to worry about any of that ever again.”
Alana looked at Silas and then turned and walked away. She walked into her bedroom and closed the door. Silas dropped his head and then he turned and left the apartment. 
Once in the hallway Silas heard Alana call to him. Silas turned around and Alana kissed him deeply and passionately.
“I’m never going to forget you and no matter what you say or do you will never forget me.” With that Alana walked back to her apartment and closed the door.
Once Silas and Jason were outside they got into Jason’s car and departed for home.
“You gonna be okay man?”
“I’m sad that I had to walk away from her, but I’m happy that she will be safe.”
“Why didn’t you tell her you love her?”
“Why would I do that Jason? I just told her to forget me.”
“Breakup sex; besides, you knew her well enough to sleep with her.”
“That was different. Do you tell every girl you sleep with that you love them?”
“Yeah, it makes them more inclined to sleep with me again. Women love it when you act sensitive; it gets ‘em all hot and bothered.”
“You are a sick man Jason Miller,” Silas said jokingly.
About the Author
Phillip Manning is a 2010 graduate of Winston-Salem State University of Winston-Salem, North Carolina. Phillip graduated with a BA in English. Earning this degree helped solidify Phillip’s desire to write seeing as he was already an avid reader with a vivid imagination. He has a tumblr blog page under the name of LincolnHall and a youtube page under the name Link85W.
Phillip currently resides in Henderson, NC and fills his non-writing time with surfing the internet, reading comic books, listening to gospel, eating, and tending to a garden. 
Mind Game is one of Phillip’s favorite creations. Plans have already begun for its sequel “Blood and Chrome” to be online by 2013. Nothing will be the same.
Special thanks goes to God, my mother Mary Manning, my sister Tiffany Manning, Andre Branch who read this for me, my church family and my biological family (the Manning and Kittrell side), and Chaston Key who listened to every detail about this story every single time I came up with a new idea.
