The Color of Greed
a Raja Williams novel
Jack Thompson

Copyright © 2012 by Jack Thompson
Published by Crackerjack Publishing
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced in whole or in part, or stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission of the publisher.
Cover art: © Eti Swinford | Dreamstime.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents are either products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously.

A list of other titles by Jack Thompson is included at the end of this book. For more information visit JackWrites.com.
Contents
Prologue
Chapter One: Seagulls
Chapter Two: The Widow
Chapter Three: The Party
Chapter Four: Leonardo
Chapter Five: Vinny
Chapter Six: The Girlfriend
Chapter Seven: The Case
Chapter Eight: Loose Ends
Chapter Nine: Loose Lips
Chapter Ten: The Ranch
Chapter Eleven: The Club
Chapter Twelve: Road Trip to Hell
Chapter Thirteen: Doin’ the Triad Two-step
Chapter Fourteen: Judgment Day
Chapter Fifteen: See No Evil
Chapter Sixteen: Back to La-La Land
Chapter Seventeen: Bloodhounds
Chapter Eighteen: Tinseltown
Chapter Nineteen: Love Bites
Chapter Twenty: Operation All In
Chapter Twenty-one: Red Riding Hood
Chapter Twenty-two: Underdog
Chapter Twenty-three: Meet the Press
Chapter Twenty-four: Invisible
Chapter Twenty-five: Linchpin
Chapter Twenty-six: Pay It Forward
Chapter Twenty-seven: The Policeman Only Rings Once
Chapter Twenty-eight: Dueling Hard Drives
Chapter Twenty-nine: Cop Killer
Chapter Thirty: The Invisible Woman Returns
Chapter Thirty-one: Claus
Chapter Thirty-two: Fool’s Gold
Chapter Thirty-three: Squeeze Play
Chapter Thirty-four: Special Delivery
Chapter Thirty-five: All Points Bulletin
Chapter Thirty-six: Mad As Hell
Chapter Thirty-seven: Slim Is Better Than None
Chapter Thirty-eight: Back Door Man
Chapter Thirty-nine: Gangrene
Chapter Forty: Love Stinks
Chapter Forty-one: All Roads Lead To Rome
Chapter Forty-two: Top of the World
Chapter Forty-three: Cut and Print It
Chapter Forty-four: The Fat Lady Sings
Chapter Forty-five: Montezuma’s Revenge
Epilogue
Note from the Author
Preview Book Two
About the Author
Other Titles from Jack Thompson
Contact Jack
Prologue
A forty-foot cruiser floated idly next to the dock at the Alamitos Bay Yacht Club, just north of Seal Beach on the Southern California coast. A recent storm in the Pacific had churned up enough sea to send choppy waves now and again into the bay. As the boat rocked up on a wave, the name Maid Marion flashed momentarily into view in the moonlight. The sound of two voices interspersed with giggles echoed from below deck.
A tan young man and a cute girl in shorts and a halter top were making out on the curved bed in the boat’s lower cabin. As he heated up, the young man made his move to climb on top of the girl. Realizing where things were headed, the girl straightened her arms between them and managed to break his grip momentarily.
“Darryl, are you sure no one will see us out here? What if someone comes along? I don’t feel safe on this boat.”
“Are you kidding? It’s just like a house on the water. We are completely alone, Sandy. Trust me.” Those two words were uttered countless times by a boy to a girl to invoke favor from the gods of love. Darryl’s hopes that they would work yet again soared when Sandy smiled, untied her top and dropped it onto the floor. The two resumed their fevered grappling until a loud thud echoed in the cabin followed by an unpleasant scraping sound. Darryl ignored the interruption twice and pressed on, but when it happened a third time, Sandy’s eyes bugged wide and her body stiffened.
Darryl knew then he would have to deal with whatever was making the horrible sound.
“What was that?” said Sandy, right on cue, reaching for her top.
“Wait here,” ordered Darryl, impatiently. He was halfway to the stairs. “I’ll be right back.” He thought it was probably a tourist who hadn’t secured his boat well enough. A couple of quick knots and he’d be back for business. Darryl climbed up to the deck and peered around. The thump repeated behind him. He turned and saw a forty-foot sports yacht scraping against the seaward side of the dock. It was an Azimut 40, high-end luxury and nicer than most, and there didn’t appear to be anyone on board. The edge of the hull screeched loudly as the boat pushed itself outward. Darryl hopped onto the dock and ran toward the boat that now drifted ten feet away.
“Hello? Anyone on board?” he shouted, listening in between for any sign of life. Nothing. When the boat drifted back toward the dock again, he leaped onto the rear deck. “Hello,” he said, once more. There was no sign of anyone. As he searched in the pale moonlight for a line to tie the boat, something bumped into the back of his ankle. He jumped and let out a girlish yelp. It was only an orange mooring buoy that had rolled across the deck. Darryl laughed at himself, shook his head and continued searching until he found the dock line. He tied the back end of the boat to a cleat on the dock, and then went below to look around.
Meanwhile Sandy managed to get her top back on and came up on deck just in time to see Darryl ducking into the interior of the derelict yacht. She pulled on her sneakers and hopped onto the dock and from there to the rear deck of the other boat. She noticed the yacht’s name Clarice painted in cursive on the back panel. Several gruesome scenes from the movie The Silence of the Lambs flashed into her head. Sandy shivered involuntarily and decided not to follow Darryl below deck. Feeling safer in the open air, she climbed up to the overhead flybridge. There was a sundeck behind a control panel full of dials. She noticed a rumpled piece of canvas along the railing. When she pulled one edge to move it out of her way, the canvas shifted and a man’s body rolled out and flopped on its back in the center of the deck. The face was bloody and had no eyes. Sandy screamed.
Chapter One: Seagulls
The police showed up within minutes, despite the late hour. Even a call from a small yacht club like the Alamitos got fast service. Yachts meant wealth, and wealth meant there were bound to be important people demanding action through their most influential connections. By default the case fell to robbery-homicide. Hearing the location, Detective Rafferty knew better than to bitch. Cases involving the wealthy rolled downhill—fast. He raced to the scene, hoping to get out in front of the media noise. Most of these calls were not crimes, and if they were, the parties involved usually wanted them swept under the rug as quickly and quietly as possible. Rafferty arrived at the Alamitos Bay Yacht Club at three thirty, wishing he had stopped for coffee. He hated cases like this. They reminded him how long he had until retirement, and how unlikely it was he would ever save enough to buy even the cheapest of the boats he saw docked there.
Detective Rafferty stopped and took in the whole scene. The local uniforms had detained the young couple who had found the body, and were getting their statements. The coroner’s office had sent Dr. Sharon Becker, their top pathologist, who was already examining the body. Rafferty liked her. She knew her business and didn’t try to get into his. One of the uniforms approached him.
“What are we looking at?” asked the detective.
“White male, thirty-two. ID we found says the vic’s name is Randall Hope. The boat is not registered at the local yacht club.”
“How did it get here?” demanded Rafferty.
“Working on it,” said another detective who had arrived at the scene.
“Those two found his body on his boat.” The officer pointed to the scared young couple sitting on the back of an emergency vehicle. The girl looked to be in shock.
Rafferty walked over to the kids who had found the body. “You two all right?” he asked, almost sounding like he really cared.
“I am,” said the boy. “Sandy is pretty shaken.”
The girl was in that state of shock where she looked like she was going to cry, but she couldn’t. She wouldn’t be much help.
Rafferty talked to the boy. “So you’re Darryl Harmon?”
“Yep.”
“And this boat?”
“It’s my dad’s. He lets me use it sometimes.”
“I’m sure he does. You found the other boat drifting?”
“Yeah. It rammed the dock a few times. I went on board to tie it up. That’s when we found the body.”
“See anyone else?”
“No, sir. Just the dead guy.”
“And you don’t know him?”
“Never seen him or his boat. It’s a nice one, though.”
“I’m not so sure he would agree. Okay. Make sure we have your phone number and such. You can go. I’m done with these two,” he said to one of the uniforms standing by.
The other detective returned. “The boat—is it a boat or a ship? I can never remember.”
“Go on, go on,” urged Rafferty.
“Oh yeah. It’s registered to a Clarice Smith Hope—she is the vic’s wife. It’s registered at the Catalina Island Yacht Club. Very exclusive. He must have been out somewhere near the island, and then the Catalina Eddy must have pushed the yacht into the mainland.”
“Catalina Eddy? Sounds like a pirate name.”
“It’s a weather phenomenon that swirls around the Catalina Island area. Currents and wind can move a boat around.”
Rafferty turned to the uniformed policeman. “You get anything else?”
The uniform looked at his notes. “No sign of a struggle. The witnesses claim not to know him. And—”
“Yes?” said Rafferty, impatiently.
“His eyes.”
“What about them?”
“He doesn’t have any.”
Rafferty got interested for the first time. “Show me.”
The officer led him to the yacht that was now secured properly to the dock. Spotlights had been rigged up and Rafferty could see Dr. Becker working up on the flybridge.
“Hey, Doc. Hell of a night to be working. Anything interesting?”
“Always. Come on up, Tommy.” Rafferty loved when the doc called him Tommy. It had a ring of familiarity he longed for. One of these days he would return the gesture. Rafferty stepped carefully onto the yacht’s rear deck and climbed the stairs to the flybridge. Lying face up on the sundeck was a man with empty sockets for eyes.
“He wasn’t kidding,” said Rafferty, in the detached manner you might expect from a veteran homicide detective in LA. He had seen much worse.
“Who wasn’t kidding?”
“The kid downstairs. No eyes. What do we got? Some freaky ritual murder?”
“Not unless you want to start arresting the seagulls.”
“You’re telling me seagulls did that?”
“Here’s a gull feather and those are bird droppings,” she said holding up a white and grey feather and pointing to several splotches on the deck. “Gulls eat shellfish—clams and oysters—and scavenge. Probably took his eyes for a couple of oysters on the half shell.”
“Thanks a lot, Doc. I won’t eat oysters any time soon.”
“The point is, no ritual murder. No sign of murder at all. Of course, we’ll need a tox screen and full exam to be sure. But with the hemorrhage in his cheeks, if I had to guess I’d say heat stroke or heart attack.”
“You’re no fun today, Doc.”
“Got to call ’em like I see ’em.”
“Okay. Let me see if I understand this correctly. We have a stupid rich guy who stayed out in the sun too long, had a stroke and got blown over here by a wind called Eddy. That sounds like a wrap to me. Doc, let me know if anything turns up on the autopsy. Otherwise, I’m closing the book on this one.”
“Will do, Tommy,” said Dr. Becker. Rafferty liked the sound of that.
Chapter Two: The Widow
The phone ringing next to the bed had not woken Raja. He kept the volume down to a barely perceptible level. Nor had the woman’s distraught voice on his computer messaging system pulled him from sleep. Although the early sun was just peaking over the treeline and into the bedroom of his three-story home on the northern tip of Clearwater Beach, Raja Williams had been awake for almost an hour. He had an uncanny sense of trouble when it was coming. Much like the internal clock that tells nocturnal beasts to head for the safety of their homes long before daybreak, or an animal’s recognition that a storm is coming before there is any change in the weather, Raja had a sixth sense about trouble. He thought of it as his own internal version of stormwatch. However, in Raja’s case, he always headed right toward the storm. Although someone might say that made him dumber than the animals, Raja saw it as a point of responsibility. If he knew about something, he should do something about it.
And this morning he knew about something. The signs had been building inside him for nearly a day. That’s why he was awake and alert when the voice began.
“Mr. Williams, my name is Clarice Hope. I need your help.” The voice sounded sad and desperate, two things Raja could never resist, especially in a woman. He grabbed the phone.
“Hello. This is Raja Williams. Clarice Hope, did you say?”
“Yes. I’m calling you at the recommendation of a mutual friend, Mary Steinberg. I didn’t know what else to do.”
Raja could feel the agony choking her voice through the phone. He also knew by the throbbing at his temples that the storm brewing in his head the last couple days was going to be a category five hurricane. He put the call on speaker and jumped up, pushing his wavy chestnut hair back and pulling a pair of jeans over his satin boxers.
“Yes, I know Mary,” said Raja. Know her. She was Mary Steinberg, of the Connecticut Steinbergs, whose twin sons had been kidnapped for ransom in Mexico last year. He had saved them both and busted up a drug and kidnap ring working both sides of the southern U.S. border. But that was another case. “Sounds like you need help, Ms. Hope.”
“Please. Call me Clarice. And it’s Mrs. Hope ... or it was.”
“Tell me what happened?” asked Raja. He could feel the relief wash over Clarice at the prospect of a sympathetic ear.
Clarice Hope poured out the recent events ending with, “My husband has been murdered.”
“I’m sorry,” said Raja. There was not much worse than an unexpected widow, especially if she loved her husband. Mrs. Hope obviously had.
“The problem is, the police have closed the case and ruled it natural causes, or, at worst, an accident. My husband was thirty-two years old and experienced at handling a boat on the ocean. I know it was murder. And I know why. At least partly. But, I can’t talk on the phone. I am prepared to pay you well if you will come out to Los Angeles and help me get justice. I’m a very wealthy woman, Mr. Williams. Money is no object.”
“You’re right about that,” said Raja. He didn’t accept pay for his services. He did let clients cover the job expenses as a matter of exchange, and he did, on occasion, request a favor of a former client, no questions asked, which they always willingly did. He called it his pay it forward program. Raja looked at his watch. It was ten in the morning on the West Coast.
The woman continued, “Mary assured me of two things. You are the best at what you do. And, I can trust you. Right now, I need someone I can trust.”
“I can be there by five o’clock. I’ll be flying into Long Beach Airport. Meet me in the Legends of Aviation Restaurant at five thirty. You can buy me dinner.”
“Thank you.”
“I haven’t done anything yet. Hold your thanks until I’m done.” Raja always solved his cases, but solution is in the eye of the beholder. There was one thing he had learned as a private investigator. You can promise a client results, but not that the results will be what the client wants. Some clients are unhappy with the truth.
“Okay.”
“I’ll see you at five thirty.” Raja ended the call. He had a bad feeling about this case. Clarice’s husband would not be the only one to die. Nevertheless, he called Mickey, his pilot, at the airport to set his flight plan to LA.
On the way to the Clearwater Airpark where he kept his private jet, Raja called the one person he needed to. Raja didn’t have many close friends, either personal or professional. It kept life a lot simpler. Vinny was the exception on both counts.
“Now what?” asked the familiar voice, feigning irritation.
“I’m flying to LA to check out a case.”
“Already?”
“Gotta go where the wind takes me, Vinny.”
“I don’t suppose you would take my bet that there is a female behind this particular wind,” said Vinny. “I’ll give you great odds.”
“You know I’ve never been a gambling man. You want to ride along?”
“I’m just beginning to unwind from our last case. Do you need me now?”
Raja knew Vinny would go if he asked. “No. But, maybe later. I’ll keep you in the loop. What are you doing to unwind?”
“You know the old saying, a gentleman doesn’t kiss and tell.”
“That begs the obvious question.”
“Nonetheless, my lips are sealed.”
“Okay, well, have fun, whatever you are doing. I’ll call you if I need you.”
“Later.” Vinny and Raja were the kind of friends who didn’t have to sweat the small details.
After the jet did a rough slingshot takeoff, necessary due to the short runway length, the flight to LA was smooth with Mickey piloting Raja’s custom Hawker 1000. The plane had been retooled for short takeoff and landing and for increased range. The jet was fast as lightning and, with Mickey flying it, could drop on a dime. Raja had run across Mickey O’Toole flying guns in to rebels in the Congo, and assumed he was a gun dealer at the time. When he found out Mickey only flew small quantities of weapons into the country as a front for bringing in the desperately needed medical supplies that were otherwise being blocked by both sides in the civil war, he hired Mickey as his pilot.
Mickey had a sweet deal, and he knew it. All he had to do was take care of any upkeep on the multimillion dollar jet and he could use it for his own rent-a-jet business in between flying Raja around. The jet touched down in Long Beach at five o’clock West Coast Time.
“Don’t suppose you want to stick around for a few days?” asked Raja.
“I do have an Atlanta charter scheduled for Sunday that I’d like to make, if that’s okay with you,” said Mickey.
“Sure, go ahead. I have a feeling I am going to be here for a while. How long is the charter trip?”
“A week. It’s a honeymoon in the Bahamas.”
“Okay. Better add a case of Dom on me.”
“That’s a lot of champagne.”
“You only get married once, right?”
“We can always hope,” said Mickey.
“Call me when you’re back in Clearwater.”
“You got it, boss.”
Knowing Mickey, he would probably wolf down some food while the plane refueled and head right back to the East Coast. Raja checked his watch, noting he was just in time to meet Clarice Hope as planned. He headed to the Legends restaurant. It was a nice little place that had been newly renovated in an Art Deco style, with murals of classic planes from the early days of aviation. Nothing fancy, but they served a decent meal and the casual, relaxed atmosphere would help him get to know his new client. When he entered he saw a woman sitting at a table. Raja knew Clarice was in her fifties, but she didn’t look it, at all. She was well-preserved with attractive curves. Modern science could do wonders these days.
The woman looked around nervously, like she felt out of place.
“Mrs. Hope?” asked Raja as he approached. “Clarice?”
“Yes, yes,” she said, looking relieved. “I wasn’t sure you were coming.”
“I said I would,” said Raja bluntly.
“Of course. Don’t take offense. I mean nothing by it. It’s just that, well, I have not had much luck getting any cooperation lately—especially from the police.” Clarice shook off her troubles for a moment, and looked Raja over. “You are much better looking than Mary let on.”
Despite her recent loss, Clarice had not lost her eye for younger men. Raja had done his homework. Thirty years back Clarice had been a finalist in the Miss Universe contest, where she had caught her first husband’s lecherous eye. He was thirty years her senior and not much to look at, but he more than balanced the marriage equation as the sole heir to the Crayola crayon fortune. You might not think there was much money in wax crayons, but millions of kids happily scribbling in their coloring books had made her first husband’s family uber-wealthy. Clarice had been faithful arm candy for him for fifteen years until he died. Then the bulk of his estate fell into her lap. Turn about is fair play, so when she passed forty, Clarice began a habit of dating young virile men, mostly athletes or actors.
It wasn’t Raja’s nature to judge. He said only, “Thank you,” and sat down across from Clarice. He looked at her expectantly.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I’ve been so out of sorts since Randy died.”
“I understand. Tell me why you think he was murdered.” Raja had an unusual manner that combined empathy with a sometimes withering bluntness. While he had a knack for putting people at ease, he had little of the social veneer most people used automatically to grease their relationships. And, he had no tolerance for small talk of any kind. It was something he had learned from his Jamaican grandmother. When he was a young boy, she would listen to him babble and then say, “Sonny, if you have nothing important to say, your lips should not be moving.” As an investigator, he had learned that much of what people say does more to confuse the facts than clarify them. So his curt manner could sometimes rub someone the wrong way, as well. The maddening part was that he didn’t seem to care which one he did.
The pleasant smile dropped from Clarice’s face. “I know he was murdered,” she asserted. “As I told you on the phone, he was healthy as a horse. And his seamanship was practiced—more than I preferred.” A pained, sad look gripped her face for a moment and her face turned red. “He usually didn’t go boating alone. I doubt he went out alone that day.”
“What was her name?”
“I didn’t begrudge his party friends, but I didn’t want to know them. You understand?”
Raja understood he hadn’t gotten an answer. “Do you have a name?”
“No.” Clarice turned a darker shade of red. Her dalliances with younger men had been the acts of an aging woman craving validation, devoid of the emotional connection Clarice actually needed. That is, until she met Randall Hope, a tennis player twenty years her junior, whose kindness had captured her heart.
Seeing she cared enough to have motive, Raja had to ask her the obvious. “Clarice, did you kill your husband?”
“No, of course not,” she said without any lag. “I may be a middle-aged woman, but I’m not a fool. It wasn’t like that. We understood each other. I loved Randy and he loved me.”
Raja was satisfied she was sincere. “Okay. The murder?”
“Randy found out something—something about some important people.”
“What people?”
“I’m not sure, but it had to do with business and politics. He said it could ruin a lot of people, and he even mentioned the governor.”
“Governor Black?”
“Yes.”
“Some personal scandal?”
“I don’t know. He wouldn’t tell me what it was, but I know he was scared. He said he was going to talk to someone he thought could help. And to think I donated to Governor Black’s campaign.”
“That’s pretty vague, but it does present a possible motive.” Raja did not sound convinced.
“That’s not all. When I contacted the coroner’s office to request that they take another look at the circumstances of his death, I found out his body had already been released to a funeral home. And he was immediately cremated.”
“Did he want to be cremated?”
“Yes, but that’s beside the point. He had only told me his wishes. We had talked about documenting his intent in a will, but we never did. Just the idea of making a will creeped him out so badly, we dropped the whole thing. No one else would likely have known, and certainly no one should have authorized the cremation.”
“Now we have a fact that doesn’t fit. I think you are right, Clarice. Randy was murdered. I am going to help you find out how and why.”
Clarice exhaled forcefully. A hint of anger flashed in her sad eyes. “Good. I want someone to answer for what they have done.”
Raja waved the waiter over to their table. “Let’s order some food and we’ll make a plan. I’m famished.” Raja was pleased to be on another case.
The two ordered dinner and a bottle of wine. Raja sent a text while they waited for their food. While Clarice sipped a glass of white Bordeaux, Raja studied her closely. She was actually a decent sort of person, more innocent than her sophistication would have you believe. Despite her bluster, she had no idea the size of the hill they were about to charge up. Raja only hoped he could keep her out of the line of fire he knew was coming.
They ate in silence. Afterward while they sipped coffee, Raja said, “I’m going to need some time to dig around. Is there someplace you can go—someplace outside the city?”
“Do you think I’m in danger?”
“Probably not, since you are still alive. But, I do want to keep you safe. Whoever killed your husband may not know how much he knew or what he told you.”
“Ironically, I was invited to go to the governor’s private party on Friday night, but I certainly don’t want to go now. I do have a horse ranch near Santa Barbara. I could head up there if you think that would be prudent.”
Raja sent another quick text message on his phone. “Let’s call that Plan B until I find out a little more. For now, I want you close by. A hotel here in Long Beach, perhaps?”
“Okay. I’ll be at the Marriott. Let me know what you find out.”
“You’ll be the first to know.”
Chapter Three: The Party
After meeting with the widow, Raja checked into a small no-name motel near the airport. Then he called home to Florida.
“Okay, Vinny, what do we have?”
“You act like I’ve got nothing better to do than work on your cases. Did it ever occur to you that I might be otherwise engaged?” Raja knew that Vinny could not stay away from a case any more than he could, but he played along.
“Yes, of course,” he said, changing his tone. “If I am not interrupting your personal life, could I ask a couple of questions?”
Vinny ignored the attitude, and said, “Lucky for you, I am presently free. I did a search on the governor’s party and on Governor Black in general. The governor is pretty well connected. He got elected primarily on the promise to bring corporate business back into the California economy. I’m still looking for any direct connections to Clarice or her husband. As for the party, it is a very private affair, not the PR ball type of event, set to be held on a private estate in the hills above Los Angeles.”
“Whose estate?”
“Don’t even know that yet. The host running the party is Veronica Jansen, but she doesn’t own the place. Just a hired gun. There is no rental contract on file anywhere. The property was once owned by a dead actor named Bob Hope, but it is currently held by a corporation registered in the Caymans. Looks to be a shell company. I’m still tracing the money that bought the place, but it’s buried. Even the invitations to the party were printed as blanks and all hand inscribed by a trusted aide. So far, no records of who’s attending, but I’m still looking. There is a tight lid on this one, Raj.”
“The tighter the lid, the bigger the secrets.”
“Then there must be ginormous secrets connected to this party. You best be careful.” Vinny had a habit of picking up on every new slang word or phrase that came along in the computer culture.
Although the hipster lingo offended Raja’s Oxford sensibilities, it was a small price to pay for Vinny’s skills. “Not to worry,” he said. “I’ve got the best hacker in this hemisphere looking over my shoulder.”
That was no exaggeration. After a short criminal career hacking into banks, Vinny had “volunteered” to work for the NSA in exchange for immunity from prosecution. When she saw firsthand how intrusive the government had become, Vinny’s NSA career ended abruptly after the names of several criminal operatives who were on the government payroll, among other sensitive information, were accidentally dumped onto the Internet. Although there were questions about her patriotism and the usual threats, there was never any question about Vinny’s mad skills with a computer. The NSA feared what else might get exposed, and quietly released Vinny from their service.
“Best in this hemisphere, you say? I should be offended,” said Vinny.
“You are the one who told me Wu Tsing in Hong Kong was the best.”
“True dat. He is. Okay, you are forgiven. You’ll find some new hardware in your bag that we will need to break out for the party. There are micro-cameras that will snap on your lapels inconspicuously. You can use a hand controller in your pocket to take pictures. The cameras are wide angle and self-focusing. Pretty much aim and shoot—just stand still when you do.”
“I thought you would simply tap into the security cameras,” said Raja.
“Word is they will be offline for the party. I doubt I’ll be able to activate them remotely. They are keeping this hush hush. What’s up with that?”
“There are always high profile events for the supposed big donors that get all the fanfare and media. This party is for unique supporters who aren’t on the donor rolls. Individuals who don’t want media attention or in some cases, people who can’t afford to have anyone looking too closely at where their money is coming from or what it is used for. They are known simply as ‘friends.’”
“Friends with secrets. Sounds like we are fishing in the right pond,” said Vinny.
Later Raja called Clarice. The one thing he wasn’t going to be able to do inconspicuously was get into the party without an invitation. He would need some help.
“Clarice, it’s Raja.”
“Yes, have you solved the case?”
“I appreciate the confidence, Clarice, but no, not yet. And, I’m sorry to say, I’m going to need more of your help. I’m reluctant to ask. It involves the governor.”
“Ask away. I’ve never been intimidated by politicians or businessmen, though both tried after my first husband died. No reason to start now. What do you need?”
“I need you to take me to the governor’s party on Friday night.”
“So you do think he’s involved?”
“At this point, I have no reason to think so. But it is a good place to start.”
“I want to help. Count me in.”
“Great. I’ve got some preparations to make first. I will meet you there at eight sharp. Can I count on you to get there on your own?”
“I’ll get there all right. I’ve got my Bentley. But, I can’t promise to behave. I am grieving, you know.”
“We’ll deal with that at the party. Eight sharp.”
“Eight it is.”
Raja arrived at the estate by seven, giving him a chance to check the place out. It was a large isolated hilltop property. An expansive three-story mansion covered the top, providing magnificent views all around. On one side were more hills and the mountains beyond. The other side looked down on the city.
A silver Bentley pulled up in front just before eight. Clarice Hope climbed out, dressed in a one-of-a-kind blue evening dress that tastefully accented her curvaceous figure. Raja greeted her at the entrance. “How are we doing?” he asked.
“I don’t know how we are doing, but I plan on getting drunk. Let’s do this.” Clarice took his arm.
Raja knew how tough this would be on Clarice. She hid it well, but he could tell she was hurting. He put his hand on top of hers and they entered the party.
Just inside the door, a tough-looking man in a tux that tried but failed to hide his muscles took Clarice’s invitation. He wore a Bluetooth headset on his ear. After looking the two of them over, he nodded his approval. Raja was in.
The interior was spacious, with twenty-foot ceilings and an area the size of a full basketball court where the party was centered. In the middle of that room was a ten-foot ice sculpture likeness of the governor of California, Robert Black. Archways all around opened onto more large rooms, which opened onto outdoor patios. The place was a palace.
“Clarice, why don’t you go powder your nose while I do a little recon. I’ll meet you by the governor’s monument in fifteen minutes,” said Raja, pointing to the ice sculpture.
“I’m taking shots of all the patrons,” said Raja, into his micro earbud headset. Both his lapels had the wide angle cameras that Vinny had rigged up.
“I need clear images, so remember to stand still.”
“I am a professional, I’ll have you know.”
“And let’s skip the booty shots. As lovely as they are, I need faces for ID.”
“Okay, okay, Vinny. I better mingle.”
An attractive forty-something woman was smiling and heading toward Raja. “I don’t remember seeing you at any of the governor’s parties before,” said the well-dressed woman covered with expensive jewelry. “And I would have noticed you.”
“Thank you. I’m sure I would have noticed you, as well,” said Raja, but with an entirely different meaning in mind. He remembered it was a party and adjusted his charm setting. “I’m sorry to say I’m here with someone else.”
“Loyal, too. How rare. You must call me,” she said, slipping her business card into his hand before walking off.
Raja looked at the card. The name Miranda Cummings was scripted on the front in gold and it had only a phone number on the back. Raja thought she probably had them printed in bulk. “There you go,” he said. “I got her card. No picture needed.”
“Just try to keep on task,” said Vinny into Raja’s ear.
“Can’t a fellow have fun doing his job?”
“Not if I’m going to get the pictures I need to identify everyone. Fuzzy pictures take ten times longer for my face recognition software.”
“I can’t believe you couldn’t just hack the guest list.”
“Are you kidding—the actual names of the governor’s real key campaign donors? That list is guarded like Fort Knox. Never put online—at least I haven’t found it—and you know I would. I bet you won’t see any photographers there tonight either.”
“No doubt. Quiet now, I’ve got company.”
Two young ladies approached Raja. After a short exchange Raja saw the widow Clarice heading back his way.
“There’s my date now,” he said urgently. The two twenty-something girls who had just offered to take Raja home with them walked away disappointed.
“You are a popular fellow tonight,” said Clarice. “I can certainly see why. You look sharp in that tux,” said the widow, fingering his lapel, flirting and bringing her augmented breasts close to Raja.
“Oh, brother,” said the voice in his ear with disdain.
“Is the woman your husband was seeing here at the party?” asked Raja. That cooled Clarice momentarily and she scanned the room.
She stopped and stared in one direction for a long moment. “Over there. Ramona Griggsby.” The words sounded more like something rotten than a person’s name. “Her husband is a federal judge.” Across the room a tall brunette, no more than thirty, with a curvaceous yet athletic build was holding the arm of a man who was twice her age and six inches shorter. It was the judge, no doubt. Raja snapped a couple photos.
“We should talk to her,” said the widow, tugging on Raja’s arm. “I have a few choice words for her.”
“Easy, Clarice. We aren’t going to do anything. And especially not here. I told you, I only brought you along so I could get into this shindig.” Raja took her hands in his and looked into her eyes. “Look. I understand your hostility, but you need to let me do my job.”
Tears welled in Clarice’s eyes. It was clear that, despite the age difference and her husband’s indiscretions, she had loved him and suffered greatly his loss.
“Do you like scotch?” Raja asked, mostly as a distraction.
“Cognac suits me better.”
“Waiter. A glass of your best cognac, please. And a scotch—single malt—neat.”
While they waited for their drinks, one of the governor’s aides came over to officially extend condolences to Clarice.
“Mrs. Hope, I am Stanley Bryce, senior aide to Governor Black. The governor was so sorry to hear about your husband’s unfortunate accident. We didn’t know if you would be up to coming tonight.”
Clarice wanted to scream at the man, but Raja squeezed her arm firmly. Instead, she nodded mutely.
“The governor would like to give you his condolences himself as soon as he gets freed up. You know how these parties go. Lots of hands to shake.” Bryce gestured as if to take Clarice’s hand but she pulled back instinctively.
“I’ll see that she stays at the party long enough to see the governor,” interjected Raja.
Bryce looked right at Raja with a veiled flash of hostility, but said nothing. “Again, you have my condolences, Mrs. Hope,” he said, dripping sympathy. “I’ll make sure the governor finds you.”
Once Bryce was out of earshot Raja spoke. “You did well, Clarice. I know that was tough. What an ass.” Raja already did not like Bryce but he said it mostly for Clarice. He needed her to keep it together. “Why don’t you go out on the balcony and get some air. You have helped me enough already.”
Clarice raised an eyebrow suspiciously, but took his suggestion nonetheless. Happy to put some distance between herself and the people she thought responsible for her husband’s death, she headed outside.
“Vinny?” asked Raja, as soon as she left.
“Right here, boss. Stanley Bryce. I’m already on it.”
Raja could hear the rapid-fire clicks as Vinny’s fingers danced on the computer keyboard.
“Bryce is a career political operative who has worked on several campaigns. He latched onto the governor when he first ran for congress in California and has been with him ever since. He does PR, mostly black PR against any of the governor’s enemies, and he’s good at it. If the governor is involved in something shady, Bryce knows where and when and how much.”
“Could he—” started Raja.
“Kill? I don’t know,” finished Vinny. Raja loved the way Vinny tracked with him. Their connection made investigations so much easier.
“All right, let’s check his communication lines and see what shakes out.”
“Okay. How’s your date?”
“Clarice? She is having a rough time, but she’s a trooper. I don’t think she is involved in her husband’s death.”
“I concur,” said Vinny. “I checked her out going back two years, and found no sign of a covert money trail going to or from Clarice. But, boy, that woman can spend money.”
“That is what it’s for.”
“Easy for you to say. You have money.”
“Having money is an attitude, not a number.”
“So says the millionaire. You can’t win this argument, Raj,” said Vinny, “so you better get back to work and get me more pictures. And try not to get too distracted by your groupies.”
Raja scanned the room and sure enough, a group of young women on the far side were eyeballing him. One of them waved when he looked in their direction. He ignored her, snapped a picture and turned the other way. A pair of middle-aged women who were watching him looked even more dangerous than the young ones. Raja headed to the bar. “Didn’t you say you couldn’t hack the security system?” asked Raja.
“That’s right,” said Vinny.
“Then how did you know?”
“Raj, you are in a room full of rich old suits and the ladies, young and old, pursuing them. Could it be any other way?”
Raja laughed at the picture Vinny painted. It wasn’t far off. Raja Williams considered himself a Caribbean Creole. It was a vague, broad category, and like many from the Caribbean islands, his racial ethnicity had been lost in the crossroads of culture that the West Indies had been for many centuries. His ancestors had fought successfully to throw off the shackles of the colonial Spanish caste system that had discriminated against many groups. Although he could trace his ancestry to native Taino Amerindians, French, Spanish and West African sources, what percentage of each he had no clue. Raja was almond-skinned with steel-blue eyes, high cheekbones, moderately fine features and heavily-waved chestnut hair. It was an exotic look that was catnip for the ladies.
Raja sipped a decent scotch near the bar while taking pictures of all the guests who passed by. A few foreign nationals stood out in the crowd, but most of the guests were ordinary-looking American men who would have been obscure without the bejeweled women and heavily muscled men that followed them around the room. Realizing he hadn’t seen Clarice for some time, Raja made his way to the patio outside to check on her. He found her sitting alone with three empty shot glasses on the table in front of her, not a good sign.
“Penny for your thoughts?” he asked gently, sitting down beside her.
“You don’t want to buy these thoughts. That bastard.”
“Who?”
“I had a visit from the governor. Told me how fond he was of Randy … blah, blah, blah. I had to pinch myself to keep from screaming.” She showed Raja the blood on her palm where she had dug her fingernails.
“You know, Clarice, we don’t yet know if the governor was involved.”
“I know what I know. I don’t trust that bastard.” Clarice was drunk. Raja knew better than to argue.
“It is time to get you a ride home.”
“I drove here, damn it.”
“Yes, you did. But you’re not driving home.” Raja waved for a waiter and arranged for a ride. “I have more to do. Go with…” He paused and looked at the waiter.
“Max.”
“Go with Max. He’ll take care of you. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Not too early,” said Clarice, taking the waiter’s hand. The waiter led her to the coatroom to get her wrap.
Raja returned his attention to the other guests. “Am I going to run out of film in these cameras?” he asked into his headset.
“They are digital, and they automatically upload to my computer and then clear for more pictures. You can’t run out,” said Vinny.
“How about the batteries?”
“Are you looking for an excuse to leave, Raj?”
“You got one?”
“Have you taken a shot of everyone at the party?”
“Everyone but the caterers and the valets.”
“Sounds good, but what about your little girlfriends?”
Raja noticed the two twenty-somethings who were shadowing him around the party. “Perfect. I knew you’d come up with a reason for me to leave. I’m out of here.” Raja headed to the oversized double front door that stood open. Clarice was gone, already on her way home in a limousine. Once outside, Raja handed his ticket to the valet and waited, taking in the view. The clear moonlit night over Los Angeles showcased thousands of glistening lights that covered the city like Christmas decorations. The vista had an almost fairy-tale quality. LA was a wicked temptress who could steal your soul and make you forget who you were. It was one reason Raja never stayed there too long.
Chapter Four: Leonardo
The smooth rev of a familiar engine brought him back to where he stood. The valet braked hard in front of Raja, enjoying the opportunity to drive the classic car. Raja smiled. He drove many hot cars, but the customized 1966 Alfa Romeo Duetto was one of his favorites.
“Nice car, sir,” said the valet.
“Thanks,” said Raja, never taking his eyes off the car. The red Duetto glistened in the spotlights, purring like a cat. Raja climbed behind the wheel.
The round headlights swept left and right as the low-slung red sports car wound along Mulholland Drive high over the city. With the top down, the wind blew the driver’s wavy hair straight back, and the pale moon highlighted his high cheekbones and strong jaw. The narrow mountain road was as dark as it was treacherous, with sudden hairpin turns and steep embankments that dropped off into thin air. Raja loved it. The Alfa Romeo hugged the asphalt like a slot car as it slalomed along the winding road. Halfway down the mountain Raja tried to brake going into a sharp turn and felt the brake pedal sink uselessly to the floor of the tiny sports car. Only his cat-like reflexes and a quick downshift kept the car from sliding over the edge as it careened painfully around the curve in the road. The emergency brake proved just as useless as the car hurtled downward faster and faster. Twice he scraped the car into the left side embankment slowing it down enough to screech around another hairpin curve. The next turn would be the worst, where the narrow edge dropped one hundred feet below the road at the spot the locals called Deadman’s Bluff. Raja knew he would never make the turn at sixty miles per hour. He steered into the turn and then spun the leather wheel the other way, turning the car sideways to its forward momentum. For a brief millisecond the car paused as the tires dug into the road. In that instant Raja opened the driver’s door and threw his body out. Then the tires bit hard and the car flipped sideways, tumbling and bouncing several times before disappearing over the edge. Raja slid along the dirt and came to a stop just as a loud explosion echoed off the canyon walls below. Dusting himself off, he walked to the edge and stared down at the burning wreckage. Someone was threatened by his presence in LA. Whoever it was they were desperate enough to try to kill him, and stupid enough to piss him off by destroying his beloved 1966 Duetto Spider.
Raja brushed his hair back and pulled out his cell phone. First he called Clarice Hope to make sure she was okay but got no answer. Next, he punched the number two on his speed dial. After the calliope of rapid beeps, the phone rang once and he heard Vinny’s familiar voice on the other end.
“You missed me, didn’t you?”
“You might say that. I wanted to make sure you were okay.”
“I should be worried about you. I was sure you were going to leave with those two young heat-seeking missiles.”
“You know me better than that.”
“True dat. Let me guess. Right now you are sipping expensive scotch in a too-cool West Hollywood bar.”
“Wish I were. I’m standing up on Mulholland Drive. And Leonardo is gone.”
“What do you mean? Stolen?”
“No, gone—as in gone up in flames.”
“O-M-G.”
“Your data was right. We are on to something—something big. Someone just tried to kill me. Must have cut the brake lines.”
“Hot damn! That’s great!”
“Great? It’s a good thing you are still in Florida.”
“You know what I mean. By the way, are you all right?”
“Thanks for asking. Yeah. Nothing a couple fingers of The Macallan won’t fix. But I’m going to need your help here, Vinny. Seems I poked a particularly nasty hornets’ nest.”
“Your wish is my command. When do you want me there?”
Raja could always count on Vinny in the clutch. “Next flight you can get. Call me when you are an hour from landing.” He closed his cell phone and watched as the fire below began to die out. The sirens of the fire trucks were already getting louder. He decided to be gone before they arrived. There was no point wasting time with questions he already knew the answers to, and being assumed dead would buy him time to regroup. He looked for a spot where he could work his way down on foot, and disappeared into the darkness.
Raja had gotten into the party on the widow’s invite and only done observation on the scene. Granted, as an independent private investigator he had some celebrity of his own due to a number of high profile cases he had previously handled, but the fact that someone was on to him fast enough to rig his car at the party meant the stakes were high. It also meant that the widow was being closely monitored. As he made his way down the hill, he called Clarice again to check on her. No answer—straight to voice mail. Damn. Raja called a cab to pick him up when he reached the road below. By the time he stepped out of the bushes onto Wrightwood Drive near the bottom of the Santa Monica Mountains, a yellow cab was there waiting a hundred yards ahead. Raja waved and the backup lights flashed on.
The cab eased back to where Raja stood and the driver peered cautiously out a partially open window. “I don’t get too many calls like this,” said the cabby, noticing Raja’s dusty and torn tux. “You said you had a breakdown. Where’s your car?”
Raja pointed behind him into the thick brush of the canyon. A faint orange glow flickered from the spot where the car had crashed.
“Some breakdown. You’re lucky you’re still breathing.”
“No kidding.”
“You want to go to the hospital?” asked the cabby, unlocking his doors.
“Nope. Sunset Boulevard will do,” said Raja as he climbed into the back seat.
The cab stopped in front of a cheap Hollywood motel where Raja checked in under a different name. Then he walked to a bar on Sunset Boulevard where he sat in the shadows nursing a glass of cheap scotch and reviewed the case. He had crashed an exclusive party held for the California governor. The affair had been held at some unknown muckity-muck contributor’s house, undoubtedly as payback for millions donated overtly to the governor’s election fund, or covertly to a slush fund the governor controlled. Ain’t politics grand. Raja had come at the request of a recently widowed heiress who claimed that her husband, a man twenty years her junior, had been murdered, not for sleeping around, which she admitted he did, but for something more serious he had supposedly stumbled upon.
Raja was never shy about crashing directly into a case. More often than not, his “bull in the china shop” approach would shake enough information loose for him to resolve cases quickly. Sometimes that approach created dangerous blow back, but that came with the job.
However, Raja also knew when he needed to collect more data before proceeding. This was one of those cases. He called them icebergs—lots more there than was easily seen. You better do your homework or you could end up like the Titanic.
Back at the governor’s party in the hills, a man whispered something into Stanley Bryce’s ear that brought a sly smile to his face.
Chapter Five: Vinny
Raja was killing time in his drab green motel room when he got the call that Vinny would soon touch down. He grabbed a taxi to LAX. Forty minutes later he was standing on the arrival level carpet scanning the people coming off the planes. Most were worried-looking businessmen in a hurry for morning meetings. A few grandmothers were being swarmed by fawning family members. When a gangly young man with a Tampa Bay Rays baseball cap pulled tight over his head and an oversized denim jacket walked down the ramp, Raja could not help but smile. Vinny liked to travel incognito. The young man stopped in front of Raja and pulled off his cap. A large wave of long blond hair spilled out.
Vinny was Livinia Moore, a twenty-seven-year-old computer geek who could have been a runway model if she wasn’t so brilliant at hacking computers. Vinny tossed her hair back and flashed her gorgeous smile. Then she threw her arms around Raja’s neck and hugged him like the enthusiastic little sister she thought she was.
Raja pulled her off, only slightly annoyed. He had first crossed paths with Vinny on a smuggling case in the Bahamas. She had been tracking money for the U.S. authorities, and stumbled across the smugglers, who were less than appreciative. After Raja saved her life, they became inseparable. There was something to be said for the old Chinese proverb about being responsible for anyone whose life you save, although since that time, Vinny had saved Raja’s ass more than enough times to pay him back with interest. Now they were a fifty-fifty partnership based on mutual admiration, trust and purpose. Vinny was also Raja’s closest friend.
“Raj, I’m glad you are all right. And, I’m so sorry about Leonardo.”
“Yeah, me too,” said Raja, wistfully. “I loved that little car. This case has already gotten way too personal.” Raja’s love for classic sports cars had started with a young boy riding the hills behind Kingston, Jamaica, in his father’s black 1958 Jaguar XK150S convertible. He kept that original car in his garage on Clearwater Beach. Collecting sports cars was one of his passions, and he never met a classic two-seater he could resist. He owned dozens, and kept them maintained and garaged in various cities just so he could drive them whenever he was in town. In LA he kept a 1966 Alfa Romeo Duetto named Leonardo in a private garage east of the city. With upgraded brakes and tuned suspension, it was a dream to drive. Leonardo had been one of his favorites.
Although it was an expensive, extravagant hobby, Raja could certainly afford it. He was loaded. One rumor held that Raja’s great-grandfather had found a pirate treasure worth millions on a small Caribbean island, making him instantly rich, a la the Count of Monte Cristo. Another story was that his great-grandfather had been a pirate himself, raiding ships off the Spanish Main that were loaded with loot. The truth was less exotic. Raja’s ancestors had worked the sugar cane fields dawn to dusk until they had saved the money to seed a small Cuban molasses label called Raja’s Molasses, meaning the king’s molasses. After building a substantial business, his grandfather had wisely cashed out to a sugar conglomerate before Cuba fell to Castro. Smart investments in coffee futures did the rest. Raja was named for that original company. When his parents’ plane went missing in the Bermuda triangle, Raja had inherited everything, leaving him with more money than he could count.
Raja and Vinny grabbed two large bags from baggage claim and headed outside.
“Looks like you’re over mourning for Leonardo,” said Vinny, noting the bright-red Ferrari 355 Spider Raja was now driving.
“It’s a rental. There’s no replacing Leonardo, but we do have a case to solve. Should we head to Studio City so you can set up shop?” asked Raja, loading her bags into the trunk.
“I told you, I’ve got almost everything I need right here.” She held up her iPad.
Raja was still not used to the rapid advancements in portable computing. It still amazed him that Vinny could do more with a one-pound iPad than a ton of mainframe computer could have handled just a decade ago. The two climbed into the car, and Raja revved the engine. “Okay, then. Talk to me while we drive. What do we have?”
Vinny had already uncovered data that indicated the widow was right about her husband’s death. “The cremation could be a mix up, but with no record of Randall Hope ever requesting one on file anywhere, I wouldn’t bet on it. So, that’s a definite maybe on foul play. Furthermore, the governor has had a lucky streak that defies the odds. A number of his past political opponents ran aground or withdrew under tainted circumstances. Looks like he plays rough or dirty. Or both.”
Raja knew that meant trouble. Cases with political ramifications were the worst. Unfortunately, when men get more power, they don’t get more sane. Sometimes a little bit of crazy becomes full blown psychosis. Think Arnold Schwarzenegger, or better yet, Bill Clinton. The man has an eye for the ladies. Then he becomes leader of the free world and, with a flourishing economy and an actual budget surplus, has a chance to go down in history as one of the great presidents. Instead he’s getting blow jobs in the oval office from a twenty-year-old. Crazy. All behind a smile and a friendly handshake.
That is why political cases were strictly know before you go. And that is why Raja needed Vinny. With her technical wizardry, she could find out anything he needed to know.
“We better start at ground zero,” said Raja. “What do we know about Randall Hope?”
“Other than spending a lot of Clarice’s money and a couple affairs, I haven’t found much,” said Vinny. “By the way, where is Mrs. Hope?”
“I sent her to lie low at her ranch in Santa Barbara. Let’s start with the affairs. What do you have on the most recent? Her name was Griggsby, I think.”
“You do pay attention. Last known affair was with Ramona Griggsby, trophy wife of a federal judge, the Honorable Daniel Griggsby. The judge is also a friend of Governor Black.”
“It would surprise me if he wasn’t,” said Raja.
Vinny continued. “The Griggsbys have a nice place in Thousand Oaks.”
The red Ferrari arrived at a four-story renovated condo building in Studio City, and pulled into the underground parking garage. Raja stopped next to the elevator and asked, “You have your key?”
“Yep,” said Vinny pulling out an electronic key-card. She handed Raja a piece of paper with the Griggsby address.
“I’ll go see the judge and his wife,” said Raja. “You track down everything on the police investigation into Randy’s death and the cremation of his body.”
“As you wish,” said Vinny, climbing out of the car.
Raja helped her unload her bags and waited until the elevator doors closed before driving out of the garage and heading to the 101 freeway. The Ferrari growled under Raja’s heavy foot. It was a decent car, but he missed Leonardo.
Chapter Six: The Girlfriend
The Griggsby home was a much nicer estate than Raja had expected. Federal judges either got paid more than Raja thought, or the judge had other income sources. Raja wondered if they were all legit as he drove under a row of oaks and around a circle to the front of the house.
Raja rang the doorbell. A strapping young Latino man in a white cotton wife-beater answered the door. It was definitely not the judge.
“Jes?”
“I’m a private investigator,” said Raja. “I’m looking for Ramona Griggsby. Who are you?”
“Fernando,” he said in a smooth baritone, rolling the R. “I work here. Take care of the pool and stuff.”
“Sure you do. Is Mrs. Griggsby here?”
“Jes. She out by the pool. Through here.” He pointed to the rear of the house, and walked back to the bar where he was making piña coladas in a blender.
Raja followed and stepped through the open french doors onto a flagstone patio that extended around a large pool. A gorgeous woman lay face down on a lounger by the pool, wearing nothing but a baby-blue string bikini bottom. Raja walked to her side, noticing the pool of sweat that glistened in the small of her back. Her face was turned away from him but he recognized the hair and the curves. It was the judge’s young wife, Ramona Griggsby.
“Oh good,” she said without looking up. “I need you to you rub some more oil on my back. I think I’m drying out in this heat.”
Raja picked up the bottle of tanning lotion and squirted some between her shoulders. The oil ran down her back and collided with the tiny pool of sweat. He slowly rubbed his hand up and down her back.
“Mmmmm. That feels good,” she said. “Lower, please.”
Raja leaned close and asked, “Did your husband know you were sleeping with Randy Hope?”
Startled, Ramona sat up abruptly facing Raja. “You’re not Fernando,” she said, more disappointed than embarrassed. Raja tossed her a towel to cover her breasts.
“Sorry to disappoint.”
“Who the hell are you?” she said, recovering her composure.
“My name is Raja Williams. You still haven’t answered my question. Did your husband know you were sleeping with Randy Hope?”
“That’s none of your business,” she said, and then barked loudly, “Fernando.”
“Okay, does your husband know you are sleeping with Fernando? If so, you may want to warn Fernando.”
“What are you talking about?”
“Randy Hope was murdered.”
The girl didn’t bat an eye. Then she laughed. “My husband didn’t kill him, if that’s what you think. The judge and I have an agreement about our marriage.”
“Marriage is all about agreement. And many lives have been lost when that agreement is broken.”
“Yeah, yeah, but I’m talking about a special agreement. I get what I want and he gets what he wants which, by the way, doesn’t happen to be me. I’m just window dressing for the judge. He’s a chickenhawk. Capisce? He would have no reason to kill someone over anything, or anyone, I do.” Ramona smiled like the Mona Lisa.
Raja had run across the term chickenhawk on an earlier human trafficking case. It was underground slang for an older man who preferred young men or boys as sexual partners. “No doubt,” said Raja. “Is he here now? I’d still like to ask him a few questions myself.”
“He’s not here. He went to San Francisco for work.”
“I thought he just retired.”
“He did. He’s involved with some investment. It’s an investors meeting. And, if you think he was worried about his dirty little secret being exposed, he wasn’t. Out here in La-La land, it’s more a badge of honor than a secret.”
Ramona Griggsby was not your typical dumb arm candy. If what she said was true, she was probably right. The judge had little to lose on her account and no obvious reason to kill because of reputation. However, not everyone was as cosmopolitan as she made the judge out to be. Moreover, birds of a feather flock together. Raja made a mental note to have Vinny check out who the judge hung around with, in addition to tracking his investments.
“Then you were seeing Randy Hope?” asked Raja.
“Yes, I was,” Ramona said nonchalantly.
“You don’t seem too upset over his death.”
“He wasn’t my soul mate,” she said sardonically. Fernando came out with a tray of drinks and put it down on the patio table next to Ramona.
“Thanks, Mrs. Griggsby,” said Raja. “I should let you get back to your friend.” Raja handed Fernando the bottle of tanning oil on his way out.
Chapter Seven: The Case
On his way back to Studio City, Raja called Vinny. She was excited to tell him what she found and started talking a mile a minute.
“Okay, okay. Hold on,” said Raja, chuckling. “I want to get all of this, so take it out of warp drive.”
Vinny took a deep breath. “Clarice was right. The whole sequence of the investigation from the initial discovery of her husband’s body to the cremation was a comedy of errors. To start with, the lead detective, Thomas Rafferty, shut down the investigation prematurely. Then the coroner, a Dr. Becker, did only the irreducible minimum in testing and examination, and dug no further. Finally, the body nearly walked itself to the funeral home for cremation—wham, bam, thank you ma’am. I did trace all the calls to and from the funeral home during the critical time path.”
Raja knew both the names. Detective Rafferty, while no Sherlock Holmes was a good honest cop, a veteran with the LAPD. Dr. Sharon Becker, the LA County coroner, had helped Raja on a previous case. He knew her to be a thorough and competent forensic scientist. The whole thing didn’t add up.
“Begin at the beginning,” he said out loud, but more to himself than to Vinny.
Knowing he was planning his strategy, she said nothing.
“I think we visit the LAPD next,” he said. “Meet me downstairs. I’ll be there in ten.”
“I’m heading down now.”
By the time Vinny had reached the parking garage and the elevator doors opened, the red Ferrari was already there. Raja had the top down and was clearly enjoying himself, grinning ear to ear.
“Let’s go piss off the police,” he said.
“Do we have to?” asked Vinny.
“It’s my deal, you know that.”
She did, to be sure. Raja could be like rough sand in your shorts, and he didn’t mind having that effect if it helped solve a case.
Inside the police building Raja asked for Detective Rafferty, saying he had pertinent information on one of his cases but refusing any further detail, including giving his name.
The officer reluctantly called upstairs for Detective Rafferty. “Guy says he has info for you on a case ... No ... He won’t say. Says he needs to talk to you ... I know.”
“I am an asshole, to be sure,” said Raja.
“He’ll be right down,” said the officer, ignoring but not protesting the statement.
Detective Rafferty stepped out of the elevator with his brow furrowed and his jaw set for a fight. He had been in a foul mood all day, due to a gang-war murder case the media was doing their best to parlay into a racial profiling charge against the LAPD. Now some fool was insisting he personally greet him at the front desk. Probably a snitch wanting a handout for some worthless rumor.
When the detective turned the corner and saw who it was, his face brightened considerably. The last time he had seen Raja Williams, he had gotten promoted, due in no small part to the help Raja had given on a case.
“Look who the cat dragged in,” said Rafferty. “I should have guessed it was you giving the sarge such a hard time.” The two men shook hands enthusiastically.
“I was sure you’d be fishing somewhere by now,” said Raja.
“Soon enough. For now I’m still chasing bad guys. What brings you and your friend to LA?” Rafferty smiled politely at Vinny.
“I’m not sure you’ll like why I’m here. It’s a closed case that needs to be reopened.”
Rafferty’s smile disappeared. “Christ,” he said. “Tell me it is not one of mine.”
“The Randall Hope accidental death, case file number 400305543,” said Vinny, trying to be helpful.
Rafferty looked at her, wondering how she got the file. “Look Raja, I appreciate the help you gave me two years ago. Put a feather in my cap and more money into my pension. But, I’m right in the middle of a Mexican gang drug war, and despite what you may hear, they are getting worse, not better. Right now I do not need the aggravation. Besides, the Randall Hope case was open and shut. There was more paperwork to fill out than there was a case. Now you are here. Who brought you in? Mrs. Hope? She had some crazy idea he was murdered.” Rafferty shook his head. “Rich people.”
Vinny opened her mouth to speak, but Raja waved her off. “I am looking into it for Clarice Hope. If it turns out to be nothing, so be it. But Tommy, I know you. If it was murder, you’ll be the first one in line to catch the killer. Besides, maybe you can offload the gang case.”
That idea brought the start of a smile back to Rafferty’s face. “Okay, come on up. You too, miss.”
“Vinny,” she corrected.
Rafferty was already heading to the elevator. “I’m warning you. There isn’t much.”
Raja and Vinny followed him into the elevator car.
Rafferty was right. There was nothing in the file notes that Vinny didn’t already know. He couldn’t add anything on the cremation fiasco. He did call Dr. Becker to arrange a meeting for Raja.
“One more thing,” said Raja. “When did Randall Hope go missing?”
“Last Tuesday.”
“Could you get me a list of all homicides from the week prior to now?”
“Where?”
“Southern California should do. Maybe you should check San Fran, too.”
“Is that all?” Rafferty said facetiously.
“Yes.”
“That last wasn’t a question.”
“Oh. I know it’s a hassle, Tommy, but I think we may have other fallout on this case we haven’t yet seen. A puzzle won’t solve without all the pieces.”
“I hear ya. I’ll do what I can.”
“Thanks.”
As they left, Rafferty added, “If you do find anything hinky on the Hope case, let me know. I could use a nice straightforward murder right about now.”
Raja didn’t say it, but he knew this case would be anything but straightforward. “Will do, Tommy. Thanks.”
On the elevator to the first floor, Vinny asked, “Do you think Detective Rafferty could be involved?”
“Tommy? No way. He’s blue blood, through and through. Third generation cop, and a straight shooter. I predict we will need his help before we’re done with this case.”
“What about Dr. Becker?”
“You tell me,” said Raja. “What do we know?”
“She did a basic blood tox, and COD autopsy. All standard when there is no hint of foul play. Death by aneurysm, likely precipitated by exposure and dehydration. All fairly routine.”
“What about the cremation?” asked Raja.
“You think she arranged it?”
“Someone did. Let’s ask her.” They drove to the coroner’s office to meet Dr. Becker. The office was in a large white-brick building that looked more like a warehouse than a government office building. Inside was a different story. It was spotless, with lots of expensive-looking medical equipment.
Sharon Becker was prepared for the inevitable investigation she knew was coming. She had already heard from the mayor’s office and the DA. Now Raja Williams, a skilled private investigator she, in fact, knew and respected, was digging into the matter. Despite having nothing to hide, she could not shake the feeling everyone was looking up her skirt. A sharp knock grabbed her attention. She steeled herself, and opened her office door.
“Raja, I’m glad to see you again,” said the doctor, sounding less strained than she felt.
“Hello, Sharon, good to see you, too. You know my partner, Vinny. I guess you know why we’re here.”
“The Randall Hope death and cremation. I’ve gone over the whole thing in my mind a hundred times. It should not have happened.”
“Yet it did,” said Raja. “What happened?”
“After I finished my autopsy and signed off on the death certificate, I sent the report to Tommy—Detective Rafferty—and went to lunch at two, as usual. While I was out of the office someone called from the funeral home, and they faxed over an authorization to pick up the body. My assistant saw the death certificate paperwork completed and released the body. At dinnertime, I got a hysterical call from Mrs. Hope asking who had authorized the release. When I said I thought she did, she swore like a sailor and hung up. Later I found an earlier message from her asking for me to reexamine the body. I don’t know how I missed that message. The whole thing was weird.”
“Mrs. Hope thinks her husband was murdered,” said Raja.
“I got that much from her message.”
“I think so, too, Sharon.”
“Then I’m sorry to say it’s a little late for me to reexamine the body.”
“What about the ashes?”
“Anything I could find in the ash of the remains would have shown up in the tests I did. They were all negative. Anything else would be impossible to detect now, especially taking into account probable contamination. However, I will test the ash, if you like. But don’t get your hopes up.” She paused to think. “On the other hand, what’s left of the test samples should still be at the lab.” Dr. Becker made a call. “I’m looking for the tox samples you tested on R. Hope ... Who? ... Are you sure?” She slammed down the phone. “The lab tech says someone called from here and asked for the samples to be rushed back over. I never called and I never got them.”
“Is your assistant here?” asked Raja.
“Joey? Sure. He’s probably in the morgue now.” She pressed the intercom. “Joey, come up to my office ... Yes, now.”
“What’s your assistant’s full name?”
“Joey Long. He’s a graduate student.”
Raja looked at Vinny.
“On it, boss.” Vinny loved to call him the boss. Raja, not so much. Vinny’s fingers were already flying on her iPad.
“How long has Joey worked here?” asked Raja.
“Six months,” said the doctor. “You don’t think—”
“I don’t think. We’ll know soon enough.”
There was a tentative knock at the door. A nervous-looking young man came into the office. Raja deferred to Dr. Becker.
“Joey, we want to figure out how the Hope body got mishandled. Did you call the lab to get the samples rushed back here?”
“No. You didn’t want me to, did you?”
“Do you have the samples?”
“No, they never came back.” Joey pulled out a log. “I always log them right here, like you told me. See, nothing from the lab since before Tuesday,” he said defensively.
Raja saw no sign he was hiding anything.
Vinny was working her computer magic while they talked. She stopped typing and stared intensely at Raja like a pointer spotting a pheasant.
“Yes, Vinny?” he asked.
“The security footage from the day in question outside this building shows a man taking a package from a courier just outside the entrance.”
“Any facial ID?”
“He conveniently avoided facing the cameras.”
“So someone intercepted the samples,” said Raja.
“I will confirm with the courier service, but it looks that way,” said Vinny.
“How did you get the security footage?” asked the doctor.
“That’s my girl,” said Raja.
Vinny continued. “I also have two calls from the same phone to this office and the funeral home during the critical time period. The number traces to a local cell phone. I also have a fix on the owner. It’s a building on Franklin Avenue. The lease on file says Jennifer Gowan.”
“Wow. I am impressed,” said the doctor.
“Do either of you know a Jennifer Gowan?” asked Raja. Neither reacted, so he didn’t wait for an answer. “Okay, I’ll have the Randy Hope ashes sent over here later. Please do the tests, if you would.”
“You can count on it,” said the doctor. Her assistant Joey nodded vigorously.
On the way out Vinny said, “You like her, don’t you?”
“Who?”
“Dr. Becker.”
“What makes you say that?”
“I can tell.”
“She’s an excellent pathologist.”
“You know what I mean.”
“I respect her mind.”
Vinny punched his arm.
“Okay. She’s hot,” admitted Raja.
“Ah-hah. I knew it. She likes you, too, I can tell. You should ask her out.”
“That’s enough, Vinny.”
“I’m just saying.”
Once they got outside, Raja tossed Vinny the keys to the Ferrari. “You drive. Drop me off at Jennifer Gowan’s place in Hollywood. Then I want you to drive to Long Beach and go over Randy Hope’s boat again.”
“You think the police missed something?”
“I’m counting on it. So far, we have suspicious activity and what looks like a coverup, but we still have no evidence confirming a murder. We need this case officially opened again. It’s never a good idea to pull on the tail of a large animal unless you are ready to climb on for the ride.”
Chapter Eight: Loose Ends
Vinny pulled up at the Franklin Avenue address where she had traced the phone. A large building sat on a grassy rise above the street. It was a six-unit apartment building that had been converted from the 1920’s mansion of a Hollywood celebrity, who Raja didn’t know, not that it mattered. Ancient history. Raja hopped over the side of the convertible and watched as Vinny drove away. He turned and walked up the concrete steps and across the long path to the front door. Ringing the buzzer next to the name Gowan got no response. Raja had tried another two buzzers when a young man came out and cheerfully asked, “Who are you looking for?”
“Jennifer Gowan.”
“She lives in 2C, but I don’t think she’s home. I’m next door to her, and haven’t heard anything since day before yesterday.”
“Do you mind?” Raja said, grabbing the door before it closed. “I’d like to double check.” A dull throb had begun in the back of Raja’s head.
“No problem. Go ahead. Second floor, last door on the left.” The building was well maintained and the large entry hall had white marble floors and an eighteen-foot ceiling. The interior was little changed from the original design. A curved tiger oak staircase led to the second floor. Raja followed a narrow hall toward the rear of the building and stopped in front of 2C. No one answered his knock. The solid wood door and frame looked too sturdy to kick in. He tried the doorknob. It turned. He pushed the door open, calling out for Jennifer. The rotten smell told him he was going to find something, and he wished it wouldn’t be the girl.
So much for wishes. Jennifer Gowan was lying face down on the living room couch in a black sports bra and sweat pants. A small white bottle lay overturned on the table next to her. The label read Oxycontin 80 mg. Two of those could kill the uninitiated. The traces of green powder on the table indicated someone had crushed the painkiller tablets. It made for a better rush. At first blush, it appeared to be an overdose. Raja had his doubts. He took time to look through the apartment. The bed was made. Whatever happened, it wasn’t in the bedroom. There were two wine bottles on the kitchen counter, one empty, the other half gone. Raja noted the lack of used glasses anywhere. There was the smell of wine in the sink.
Raja called the only number he had—Detective Rafferty.
“Rafferty,” said the monotone voice.
“It’s Raja Williams.”
“I don’t suppose you found a more interesting case and decided to leave me alone.”
“Doesn’t look that way. I’m in an apartment up on Franklin. There’s a dead girl here—name’s Jennifer Gowan. She’s connected to Randall Hope.”
There was a sigh on the other end of the phone. “You sure she’s dead?”
“No doubt.”
“Did you call anyone else?”
“You are the first.”
“Don’t I feel special. Okay. What’s the address?”
“12043 Franklin Avenue, Apartment 2C,” said Raja, reading a piece of mail.
“Don’t touch anything. I’ll be there in thirty minutes.”
Meanwhile, Vinny drove to Long Beach to look for evidence on the boat. She found it still docked at the Alamitos Bay Yacht Club waiting to be claimed. Clarice Hope had not had the stomach to retrieve it yet. Vinny climbed on board and began a methodical search, top to bottom. She found nothing useful until she noticed a shiny metallic object wedged into a drain channel on the lower deck. She pried up what turned out to be a cap for one of those stainless steel Starbucks drink containers. The bottle was nowhere to be found.
After securing the cap in a plastic bag, Vinny called Raja. He was still in the girl’s apartment waiting for Detective Rafferty.
“Vinny. I hope you did better than I did.”
“What do you mean?”
“I found the girl. But, someone else found her, too. She’s dead. Looks like an overdose.”
“Convenient.”
“That’s my word for the day. I’m waiting for the detectives. So?”
“I found a cap.”
“A baseball cap?”
“No, silly. The screw cap to one of those metal thermos bottles.”
“I don’t remember any mention of a bottle in the police report.”
“That’s just it—no bottle on board, no bottle on the evidence list.”
“How did they miss the cap?”
“It was wedged tight in a runoff, and looked like it could have been part of the boat. I studied detailed pictures of the boat online before I spotted it. Got it bagged and tagged, as they say.”
“You are awesome as usual,” said Raja.
Vinny smiled.
“Take it straight to Dr. Becker for tests. Rafferty will be here soon. I’ll get a ride with him and meet you later at the police station. Nice work.”
“Thanks.”
“Oh, yeah. Can you get me everything you can find on Jennifer Gowan?”
“Sure.” Vinny’s smile broadened. She loved to help.
Raja continued to search the dead girl’s room. Besides a rich taste in clothes, there was nothing specific that jumped out. She lived alone, and from the look of the place, probably didn’t spend much time at home. Then he noticed something under her right hand on the rug. It was an unused pack of matches embossed with the letters HCC on a shield. Raja recognized the logo. The Hillcrest Country Club was one of the most exclusive clubs in LA. This girl was not the country club type, unless she was working there. Raja heard someone coming down the hall and stepped away from the dead girl, slipping the matches into his pocket.
“Raja?”
“In here.”
Detective Rafferty shuffled through the doorway into the apartment, followed by two uniformed officers. “Clear the place,” ordered Rafferty. “No offense,” he said to Raja.
“Standard procedure. None taken.”
The two officers fanned out to check all the rooms.
“Definitely dead,” noted Rafferty. “Looks like three or four days. You say there is a connection to Randall Hope?”
“Yes, there is. Vinny found something on the boat that I’m hoping will confirm Randall Hope’s death was a murder.”
“And you claim to be my friend.”
“You may end up thanking me.”
“That I’d like to see.”
“After talking to the coroner I traced two calls from Jennifer Gowan’s phone to the coroner’s office and the lab. And I’ll bet the authorization faxed in to release the body came from that machine as well.” Raja pointed to a portable fax machine sitting on the desk in the corner.
Rafferty walked over and picked up a cell phone from the desk. “This phone?”
“Yes.”
“Looks like a drugstore burner. Why would she keep a burner phone that we could trace right to her?”
“I think someone hired her to make the calls, and then told her to keep the phone so they could reach her. Maybe for a final payment for her services. Instead, they used it to track her and then kill her. Nice and neat. Someone is trying to cut off any investigation before it starts.”
“That’s a bit of a stretch, don’t you think?”
“It would be, Tommy, except, and I may have forgotten to mention this before, someone cut the brakes on my car right after I hit town.”
“No shit?”
“None at all. I almost bought it Friday night up on Mulholland Drive.”
“What were you doing up there?”
“Beating the bushes at the governor’s private party. I am thinking there is a connection. The whole thing has the feel of PR damage control. For what, I don’t know. Now there are two dead bodies. I’m thinking we ought to find out why.”
“Okay, I’m interested. But we don’t yet have proof of one murder, much less two.”
“We will as soon as Dr. Becker gets here.”
“Where is she?” asked Rafferty. “She should be here by now.”
“I sent Vinny over to her office with the new evidence from Hope’s boat. She may be doing tests.”
“What about this one?” Rafferty pointed to the dead girl.
“There are two bottles of wine in the kitchen, but no glasses. You should find evidence of her being forced to drink the wine. The rest was poured into the sink. The scene was staged to look like an overdose.”
Detective Rafferty marveled at Raja’s intuitive confidence. “How could you know all that?”
“It’s a gift. I call it connect the dots. Something I’ve always been able to do. I’m a big fan of Ockham’s razor.”
“I use a Norelco tripleheader myself.”
“Ockham’s razor is a method of philosophic logic.”
“Yawn.”
“If it walks like a duck, quacks like a duck…” Raja paused.
“I see. Why didn’t you just say so?”
Raja’s phone rang. It was Vinny. “I’m at the lab. Dr. Becker didn’t want to take a chance on losing the sample, so she had me hand deliver it and wait for results. We got what we needed,” Vinny said triumphantly. “Hope was murdered. The tox panel showed a potent compound on the cap that could easily have killed Randall Hope. The doc can tell you more about it. She’s on the way to you now.”
“Good work, Vinny. Why don’t you go back to Studio City. I’ll meet you there later.” Raja ended the call.
“It’s official,” he said to Detective Rafferty. “That was Vinny at the lab. They found a drug that killed Randall Hope. He was murdered.”
“Are you sure?” asked Rafferty.
“Yes, he’s sure,” said a confident female voice.
Both men turned to see Dr. Becker walking through the apartment door.
“I told Vinny to call you with the news. After all, she was the one who found the evidence at the crime scene.” Dr. Becker gave Rafferty a disapproving look. “The compound contains tyramine, which in large enough dose causes an adrenergic storm.”
“A what?” asked Rafferty.
“It spikes blood pressure and heart rate. Tyramine has been used to temporarily increase blood pressure in emergency blood-loss patients. The amount Randall Hope ingested would kill a healthy man, yet look like a stroke from an aneurism.”
“Sharon, good work,” said Raja. “I think we have another related murder here.” He pointed to the girl’s body.
“Could we at least let the doc decide?” asked Rafferty.
Dr. Becker examined the body. “The pills on the table and smell of alcohol would make toxic overdose the obvious COD.” She looked at the back of the girl’s arms and inside her mouth. “However, there is perimortem bruising evident in several places. This girl was in a physical struggle with someone right before she died. Based on my preliminary observation, I think you can assume foul play.”
“Now we’ve got two murders, Tommy,” said Raja.
“Don’t sound so damn happy,” said Rafferty.
Chapter Nine: Loose Lips
After Rafferty dropped Raja at the Studio City building, Raja stepped into the elevator and used his key to unlock and activate the 4th floor button. That took him to the private suite that covered the top floor. The entire floor had been gutted and redone with an open floor plan and raw brick, much like the factory lofts so popular in many cities. The place looked like an art gallery, with paintings and sculptures everywhere. Raja loved surrealistic art, and several of the pieces were expensive Matisse and Dali originals. Vinny sat in front of a large glass screen featuring the latest tech in computing interfaces. There was a keyboard, but most of the action could be controlled directly through the touch screen. Vinny looked like a symphony conductor.
“You having fun?” asked Raja.
“Of course. But you do know I don’t need all this equipment. Not with my cloud computing program.”
“Yes, you explained that to me. Virtual computing, right?”
“Basically. It’s the reason I can do so much with so little on the fly.”
“I just thought you might like the new toys I had installed.”
“I appreciate the effort. It is great stuff, thanks,” she added, after noticing Raja’s disappointment.
Raja smiled. “We found enough evidence to call the girl’s death a murder, as well. So, Detective Rafferty is now fully on board.”
Raja called Clarice Hope to tell her the news. “Clarice. Raja Williams. Thought you would like to know. You were right. Randy was murdered. We found some sort of poison.”
“I knew it.”
“I know it’s no consolation for your loss, but I am going to find out who did it and why. For now, I’d like you to stay at your ranch in Santa Barbara until I know more. You settled in okay?”
“I’m doing more horseback riding at the ranch than I have in years. I feel good, other than the sore ass I’ve got. I feel like I’ve been dating the USC football team.”
“I won’t ask how you know what that feels like.”
“It’s a figure of speech, Mr. Williams. The riding keeps me occupied, at least.”
“Good girl. Just lie low for now. Call me if you need anything.”
“I will. Do me a favor. Be careful.”
“Thanks.” He thought about her words. Being careful was not something Raja often considered. He made a career out of taking chances. Being smart, on the other hand, was a firm policy. And right now the smart thing for him to do was get some rest. “I’m going to get some sleep, Vinny. Wake me at seven, okay?”
“As you wish.”
Raja didn’t bother to tell Vinny to get some rest. Vinny had the rare ability to get by on less than three hours of sleep a night. Raja knew she would work late and still be up at dawn ready to go, looking better than he did with a full night’s rest. She was an amazing and sometimes challenging person to work with.
Raja slept soundly and woke up at nine, feeling refreshed and ready to go. He pulled on a pair of jeans, a polo shirt and his favorite Rockport loafers. He found Vinny at the computer. “Why didn’t you wake me when I asked?”
“You were still sleeping.”
“That is understood in the phrase ‘wake me up’ don’t you think?”
“No doubt. But, you looked tired.”
Vinny’s straightforward logic could be exasperating. But she never equivocated, and that Raja loved about her. “I suppose I was. Now I’m hungry. Is that sausage I smell?”
“And eggs. They should still be warm.” She pointed to a plate on the counter.
Raja didn’t care and wolfed down every bit. He thought about Randy Hope and Jennifer Gowan. Two lives he could not save. Never regret yesterday. Life is in you today. He had to move forward. He studied the computer screen while Vinny collected and organized information on the case.
At ten Raja got a phone call.
“Mr. Williams?”
“Yes.”
“It’s Ramona Griggsby. I thought of something you might want to know. Something I told Randy about a phone call I overheard. The judge was on the phone in the library. He started yelling at someone. I don’t think he realized the door was open. I couldn’t hear everything, but I heard enough.”
Raja listened intently until she was done. “Who was he talking to? ... All right, I understand. Where are you? ... Stay put and I’ll be right over.”
Raja turned to Vinny. “That was Ramona Griggsby. She remembered something from a conversation she overheard. She sounded scared. I’m going to see her.”
“Want me to come along?”
“No. You keep working on the party guest list.” Minutes later, Raja squealed out of the parking garage and headed to the 101 freeway.
Ten minutes after her conversation with Raja, the front doorbell rang. Ramona was relieved not to be alone. “That was fast,” she said, as she opened the door.
It wasn’t Raja. Fernando stood in the doorway. The look on his face didn’t promise playtime.
Ramona knew she was in trouble. She checked the strong impulse to slam the door, knowing he could easily overpower her. Instead she forced a smile. “I’m so glad you came over.” Fernando stepped inside and closed the door behind him. “I’ll bet joo are.”
Ramona was desperate to buy some time. She moved closer and put her hand on his crotch.
Fernando did not respond. “Show me joo love me,” he said coldly.
Ramona got on her knees, touching his thighs. She expected him to unzip his pants.
Instead, he whipped off his belt, cinched it around her neck and pulled it tight. “Who did joo tell?” he demanded.
“Tell what?” Cough. “Stop it, you’re scaring me.”
Fernando dragged her out through the back onto the patio by the pool. He dropped her on the flagstone like a sack of potatoes.
Ramona’s face was bright red and she looked scared. She clawed at the belt to loosen it. Gasping and choking, she pleaded, “Stop, please. You are hurting me.”
“What did joo tell him?” demanded Fernando.
“Who?” Ramona instinctively knew she must not answer.
Fernando backhanded her hard across the face, sending her sprawling across the flagstone deck.
The throbbing in Raja’s temples told him he needed to hurry. He redlined the Ferrari as he raced to Thousand Oaks. He called Vinny. “I’m on the way to the Griggsby’s. I think what she heard may be the reason Randall Hope was killed. And I think she is in danger. Can you get the police there?”
“You want a police alert?”
“That would be great. Make it an armed B&E in progress.” Raja’s confidence in Vinny knew no bounds.
“You want fries with that order?” she asked, expecting no response. Her fingers were already flying.
Ten minutes later, Raja skidded the Ferrari to a stop in front of the Griggsby house. The police had not responded yet and the yawning front door meant trouble. Inside Raja saw signs of a struggle and several spots of blood on the floor. He followed the blood drops out to the pool area. His heart sank when he saw the limp body of Ramona Griggsby floating silently on the lighted aqua surface. Raja jumped in. He dragged her to the side and pushed her onto the edge of the flagstone deck. After climbing out of the water, he knelt down over her, checking for any sign of life. She was already dead. He looked at Ramona’s swollen face. She had been a beautiful woman. Not anymore. She was beaten and choked before being dumped in the pool.
Raja started to stand up when a sharp pain exploded down his spine that made his fingers tingle and his ears buzz. A bright flash of white faded into darkness.
Raja dreamed he was waiting in line to get into heaven and had inexplicably lain down by the side of the road and dozed off while everyone else walked through the pearly gates. For some reason he couldn’t wake up even though he knew the gates were slowly closing. A beautiful angel hovered over him, slowly flapping her wings and telling him to wake up. When Raja opened his eyes, Vinny was staring down at him with a fearful look.
Raja blinked twice, grimaced in pain and then smiled at her. “I didn’t quite make it through,” he said. “Guess it’s not my time.”
Vinny was simultaneously relieved and annoyed. “What are you talking about?”
“Never mind.”
“You are such a cowboy, Raj. Promise me the next time you’ll wait for help, will you?”
Raja smiled. “You know I don’t like to make promises I can’t keep.” He looked around at the policemen marking evidence at the scene.
A young Ventura County detective stepped up to Raja and Vinny. “Raja Williams, right?”
Raja sat up, feeling the back of his head. “That sounds about right.”
“Is that your name, or not?” demanded the detective.
“Can’t this wait?” asked Vinny, getting more annoyed.
“No, miss, it can’t. We have a murdered woman and this guy lying right next to her dead body.” The detective zeroed in on Raja. “We gonna find your DNA on the dead girl?”
“Probably. I pulled her out of the pool—but she was already dead.”
“And you know this woman how?”
“She called me. I was coming here to talk to her.”
“About what?”
“A case I’m working on. I’m a private investigator.”
“What case?”
“Did I stutter? I said private—as in, my client’s information is private.”
The detective was about to read Raja the riot act when Detective Rafferty showed up.
“He’s working on a case with me,” said Rafferty.
“That may be,” said the young detective, “but we got a B&E call to this address, and on arrival my officers found him and Mrs. Griggsby laid out on the deck. We haven’t yet located or contacted the vic’s husband, Judge Griggsby.”
Rafferty touched the back of Raja’s head.
“Ouch.”
“Do you think he did this to himself?” asked Rafferty.
“We-l-l-l.” The detective didn’t have an answer.
“Okay, then,” said Rafferty. “What’s your name?”
“Detective James.”
“Detective James, this is your case and your jurisdiction. But, I can vouch for this man. I suggest you get his statement and start looking for whoever did do this.”
Rafferty was well known and respected even in Ventura County. Detective James thought better of challenging him. “What can you tell me?” asked the young detective, now with a decidedly less hostile tone toward Raja.
“As I said, I came to meet with Mrs. Griggsby at her request. When I found the front door open and blood on the floor, I went in. Her body was floating in the pool. I pulled her out hoping to revive her, but she was already gone. Then someone hit me and I blacked out. I didn’t see or hear anything.”
“Did you see anyone?”
“No.”
“Perhaps a vehicle when you arrived?”
“Nothing. Sorry.”
“Okay, you are free to go. But don’t leave town, for now.”
Rafferty said, “If you find out anything please contact my office in major crimes. I will do the same if my case reflects on yours. Okay, Detective?”
“Sure.” Detective James was not satisfied, but he reluctantly walked away.
“Okay, Raja, Vinny already told me you got a call from Mrs. Griggsby. What did you find out?” asked Rafferty.
“Not as much as I hoped. She did tell me that she overheard the judge yelling at someone on the phone. Something about altered documents, and government funding.”
“Who was he talking to?”
“No idea. If she knew, she didn’t want to say over the phone.”
“She won’t tell us much now,” said Rafferty wistfully, looking at her pale cold-grey face.
“Actually, she may be able tell us who killed her. There was no forced entry. If I’m right, you better have that detective compare any DNA from her wounds to any found on that bottle of tanning lotion.” He pointed to the bottle of Hawaiian Tropic on the table. “We might get lucky. He will have to exclude any of my own DNA he may find on the bottle, of course.”
Rafferty didn’t want to ask.
Chapter Ten: The Ranch
Meanwhile, Clarice Hope was biding time at her horse ranch in the foothills outside of Santa Barbara. She owned two Arabians and a half dozen American Quarter Horses maintained by Joe Ferguson, an old-timer who managed the ranch. Riding was a passion from Clarice’s youth, but it could only keep her occupied so long. She trotted in from a ride on her favorite horse, Night Sky, a beautiful black Arabian. Joe met her at the stables.
“He still has the spirit of a champion,” she said. “Nearly tossed me on the upper trail when I gave him the reins.”
“I told you he could have been a stakes horse at the very least,” said Joe.
Clarice wrinkled her nose. Because of the deep affection she had for horses, she felt racing was an unnecessary abuse that too often resulted in tragic breakdowns. She wouldn’t allow racing with any horses she owned, despite having high quality purebreds of outstanding lineage. “I’m going into town for a bit, Joe,” she said, while dismounting. “I won’t need another horse to ride for a couple days. After you brush him down, you are free to take some time off.”
“I have been promising to visit my daughter in San Diego. Won’t be gone more than a week, if that’s okay.”
“Sure, Joe. Have fun.” Clarice showered and then drove her silver Bentley down from the foothills into Santa Barbara to do some food shopping. She parked, and as she walked toward the entrance to the Whole Foods Market, a black BMW sedan pulled slowly into a parking spot two rows over from her Bentley.
A man with closely cropped blond hair got out and walked to the oak tree on the right of the store’s entrance. He waited there, chain smoking non-filter cigarettes. Half an hour later when Clarice came out and walked to her car, the man dropped his current cigarette, stepped on it and followed her across the parking lot. Two more women exited the store behind him, talking and laughing. Alerted by the sound, the blond man froze and looked over his shoulder at the women, like a predator sizing up its prey. When he turned back, Clarice had gotten into her car and was driving away.
Chapter Eleven: The Club
The EM at the Griggsby house had checked Raja’s head, and done a few field tests for concussion. Other than a small egg at the base of his skull, there were no outward signs of damage. However, as Raja and Vinny drove from Thousand Oaks back into the city, Raja’s head was throbbing. The painful blow he sustained certainly didn’t help, but the suffocating anguish he felt came more from the rising body count and the lack of direction in the case. The highly developed intuitive sense that often helped him with investigations had an unpleasant side effect—headache. Other than telling Vinny what little detail he had gotten from Ramona Griggsby, he didn’t feel much like talking. Raja stared solemnly out the window. Everything on this case was moving too fast, and he felt like a rookie ball player facing major league pitching for the first time. So far he was swinging late on the fastballs and missing the curves altogether. He needed a break in the case to get back on top of his game.
Vinny could tell when Raja needed to step back and regroup, so she drove the rest of the way back to Studio City in silence. Once inside the loft, she pulled up the timeline she had constructed while Raja took a long hot shower.
The large glass display for her new “toy,” as Raja called the cutting edge computer setup, allowed for easily manipulated visuals. Vinny added all the data she had collected onto the timeline. The recent events were clearly the work of a cleaner. But there was an obvious gap on the front end of the story that tied all the bodies together. They were missing whatever was going on that Randy Hope had come across before he was killed.
Raja came out of the bathroom in jeans and a clean T-shirt looking rejuvenated. “So, what did you find out about our guests at the governor’s party?”
“So far, we have a lot of fat cats with a lot of money and reasons to stay out of the limelight. We have a U.S. senator, several prominent businessmen, a porn industry leader and a Hollywood mogul or two, including one of the so-called Lavender Mafia.”
“Anyone that connects directly to Randy Hope?”
“You wish it would be that easy. Not a one so far. Although, I did have trouble ID’ing some of the pictures.” Vinny swept her hand over the display, and a collage of shots of ample cleavage appeared on the screen.
“Camera must have slipped on those,” said Raja, feigning innocence.
“The cameras were positioned to follow wherever you look, Raj. And I’ll bet you could identify the owner of every pair of those smart bombs.”
“I do try to be thorough. But why smart bombs?”
“When breasts come out, men get stupid.”
“I’m offended.”
Vinny gave up and rolled her eyes. “I cross-checked everyone at the party with Clarice, as well. Nothing there, either.”
“What about the foreign nationals?”
“The owner of a major Australian engineering firm, and a couple Chinese investors seem remote, although I’m still checking them out. The problem is not knowing what I’m looking for.”
“I almost forgot. This was in Jennifer Gowan’s hand at her apartment.” He pulled out the matches from the Hillcrest Country Club in Century City. “There was no sign of her being a smoker. I think she was trying to tell us something.” He looked at the timeline. “We haven’t got to the beginning of this mess yet. Have you tried your Venn diagram program?”
Vinny had customized a mathematical algorithm to be used in their investigations. It often showed with uncanny accuracy what direction they should take to solve a case. “Of course. I don’t have enough data for that to be of any help yet.” She pushed some data around and several circles formed, mostly unconnected.
“I see what you mean. I guess we go with intuition. That brings me back to the matchbook.”
Vinny switched back to the timeline view. “I can get you the membership list for the Hillcrest, if that helps.”
“Remind me never to try to hide anything from you.”
Vinny had done well. A study of the member list for the Hillcrest Country Club revealed a who’s who of Los Angeles, with a heavy dose of entertainment industry executives, performers and politicians. The problem was too many choices. Sometimes too much information was a bad thing. Raja decided to stick with the names he had already run across. There was Judge Griggsby. His penchant for boys and his connection to two dead bodies on the case were three strikes against him, as Raja saw it. “I want you to concentrate on the judge and his connections. And find him, will you? He hasn’t shown up yet.”
“Pretty whack, if you ask me,” said Vinny.
Raja stared at her.
“I mean him not showing up—with his wife dead, and all.”
Still the stare from Raja.
“Whack means bad or wrong,” explained Vinny.
“Of course it does.”
“I’ll scope the judge’s scene.”
“Yes, please do scope. The other name that interests me is Governor Black. Maybe you could look for a connection between those two. And I’m going to need to get into the country club. Any ideas?”
“No problemo,” said Vinny. “You have been a dues-paying non-resident member since 2002.”
“Is that right?” Raja didn’t remember having ever joined.
“A VIP, in fact. A major donor.”
“How generous of me.”
“I thought it was a nice touch.” What made Vinny’s computer skills so impressive was her ability to hack into any system and remain undetected.
“Do I need a card to get in?”
“No, no. Your name will be quite enough.”
“Then, I’m off to the club.”
The Hillcrest Country Club was an old and exclusive club that included a full golf course smack in the middle of Los Angeles. It was technically in Century City, but LA had long ago swallowed up that and many other municipalities, rendering any separateness meaningless and making most of LA County and beyond one humongous city. The Hillcrest Country Club had been opened for Jewish members at a time when Jews were unacceptable elsewhere, and it remained exclusively so until, ironically, the anti-discrimination laws finally forced open its membership to non-Jews. While not the Bohemian Grove crowd, the current membership included many Hollywood elite as well as California political and business movers and shakers.
Right from the gate, Raja got the red carpet treatment, as Vinny had promised. A host showed him around and gave him a clubhouse key with full access. Raja meandered through the building until the host got tired of touring him and left to brown-nose another VIP member. Once alone, Raja headed directly to the bar. The bartender would be a good place to start.
“What do you have in a single malt?” he asked.
“Do you have a preference?” asked the bartender, confidently.
“The Macallan would be nice.”
The bartender poured him a glass. “You know your scotch.”
“I’m wondering if you could help me find someone,” said Raja. “I met her here some months ago, but haven’t been able to find her since.” He pulled out his phone and flipped to a photo of Jennifer Gowan. “She was special, if you know what I mean.”
The bartender smiled. “Yes, Jenny. I’ve seen her working the club. Haven’t seen her lately though.”
“She’s a working girl?”
“Well. I don’t know for a fact she was hooking. But, girls like that get paid, one way or another—you know what I’m saying.”
“Ever see her with this man?” Raja flipped to a photo of Judge Griggsby.
“The judge? Never saw her with him, but she does like powerful men.”
“How so?”
“Last time she was here, she was cozying up to the governor himself. Not sure if she landed that fish. But, I did see her talking to the governor’s aide later that evening. And you did not hear any of that from me.”
“Of course not,” said Raja, slipping the bartender a fifty for his help. So, the governor had contact with Jennifer Gowan. Could he be stupid enough to sleep with a call girl he picked up in public? That didn’t seem likely. Even in a private club like the Hillcrest, all it took was one ambitious wannabe or a spiteful member of the opposition political camp to use that kind of scandalous information to either buy influence or bring a politician down. Of course, then again, no one expected Lewinsky to become a verb.
It was looking like Clarice had been right. If someone threatened to put an ugly end to the governor’s term in Sacramento and dash his hopes for a run at the White House, eliminating a girl like Jennifer Gowan would be a no-brainer. Still, Raja had nothing solid, and no direct connection to Randy Hope. If the governor was involved with the girl’s death, any tracks leading to him would have been swept clean. Raja needed to stir the pot. He had to find the judge.
Raja called Vinny on the way back to Studio City. “I hope you have something good for me,” he said.
“That’s what she said,” said Vinny.
“And what I’m asking,” said Raja, not feeling playful.
“I’ve got a sketchy trail of credit receipts from Judge Griggsby with an epicenter in San Francisco.”
“That’s where he was supposed to be going for business, according to his wife. And his business is now our business.”
“Time for a road trip to No Cal?” asked Vinny.
“Time for a road trip.”
Although he owned two jets and flying was an option, Raja preferred driving if the distance wasn’t too great. Something about the open spaces on the road cleared his head and driving always gave him a better sense of control. “I’ll be there in fifteen minutes. Might as well go tonight.”
Raja called Clarice on the drive home. “I hope you are keeping your head down.”
“Like an ostrich at the beach,” said Clarice. “Any news?”
Raja didn’t want to alarm Clarice with the body count. “We have some good leads. In fact, we are on the way to San Francisco to follow up on one right now.”
“Anything I can do to help?”
“For now, stay safe.”
“I’m a big girl. I can take care of myself.”
“That’s good. I’ll keep you posted when we find out more.”
Raja ended the call just before pulling into the parking garage in Studio City.
Vinny was waiting by the elevator when he pulled up. She loved the open road as much as Raja did. She had her hair tied in a ponytail and sticking out the back of her Rays cap. With her rolled up jeans and baggy shirt, she looked like an overgrown kid going on a family outing to a ball game.
Raja wished it would be that simple. He couldn’t help smiling as he watched her gather up her things. Raja’s cup was usually half full, but Vinny’s was always overflowing.
“I already locked up,” said Vinny. “I packed you the usual and everything I need,” she said while tossing two bags into the back seat.
“You sure we have everything?”
“G-T-G, boss. Let’s boogie,” said Vinny, as she climbed in beside Raja.
“I take it that’s a yes.”
“No doubt about it.”
Chapter Twelve: Road Trip to Hell
Raja drove the scenic route to San Francisco along the Pacific Coast Highway. Vinny kept to herself, running algorithms through her iPad to track the judge’s movements, and all the while continuing her investigations of the various names she had accumulated. First, she collected all the data on Judge Griggsby’s locations in the city over the past two years. She could access financial transactions and video feeds from surveillance cameras throughout the city. Then she ran the data through an iCloud program she had installed from the computer back at the loft. Simultaneously she was searching all the SEC filings on investments he had made during his tenure as a federal judge.
Meanwhile, Raja breathed in the fresh sea air and tried to forget about the case as much as he could. He took every case personally, which made him a force to reckon with during an investigation, but the closeness also took its toll emotionally. Cruising along the PCH was the perfect antidote. The twilight stretched out over a long time along the coastline and the lights played over the horizon in subtly shifting hues that soothed his mind.
When darkness finally closed over the coast, Raja had begun to relax. First he rolled up the windows to deflect the wind. His razor-sharp memory allowed him to play a favorite Mozart piano concerto in his head, including the ambiance of the Vienna theater where he had originally watched the performance. He could even feel the bristle of the theater seat upholstery on his arms.
“Woo Fong,” said Vinny, bringing a sudden end to the concerto.
“What?” asked Raja, thinking it must be another one of Vinny’s hipster expressions.
“Woo Fong Mandarin. It’s a restaurant in Chinatown. That should be our first stop in San Francisco. My modality program says we have a sixty-seven percent probability of finding the judge from there.”
“Chinatown it is.”
When Raja exited Highway One and headed into San Francisco, it was quarter to nine. The restaurant was closed so they headed to the tenderloin district. The judge’s sexual tastes made the S&M clubs a good place to start.
There were plenty of choices in the Castro District.
“Where to first?” asked Raja, as they tooled along Market Street.
“I’ve got blogs on two man-boy clubs in the underground scene,” said Vinny. “Nothing here. We are looking for Baker Street—somewhere off Market—I’ll have it GPS’d in a moment.”
There were private clubs along Market Street with small signs meant only for clientele who knew where they were going. Raja pulled over and watched a group of men coming out of one of the leather clubs. Two of them looked like conservative businessmen. The third was considerably younger, probably in his early twenties, wearing a spiked leather collar around his neck. As he bent down to climb into a Black Lexus, Raja read the tattoo on his lower back. It was mocked up like a green rectangular street sign that read OPEN FOR BUSINESS.
Vinny noticed Raja staring and couldn’t resist. “This place is much too mainstream for the judge.”
“Mainstream?” asked Raja, finding that hard to swallow.
“Yeah, this is squaresville for San Francisco. We’re looking for the darker corners of the city.” Vinny fiddled with the GPS. “Here we go. 447 Baker Street—should be just south of 15th Street. Turn left at the next corner.”
Raja made the turn and cruised slowly. Only a few blocks away from the tourist section was another planet altogether. The street lights were all tinted pink and the windows were blacked out in all the buildings.
“This is it. Welcome to the man-boy district.”
After parking, they walked to the address Vinny had found. The outside was dark and uninviting, with only a Gothic door with the number 447 above. Inside it looked like a father and son convention, with one major twist. Most of the pairs were either dancing or pawing each other. Raja remembered his own father and felt uncomfortable.
“You want a drink?” asked Vinny. “You look like you could use one.”
“Better make it a double.”
Vinny ordered a scotch for Raja and a wine cooler for herself. She dropped a hundred dollar bill on the bar and said, “Keep the change.” She handed Raja the scotch which he downed in one uncharacteristic swig.
“Are these really underage boys in here?” asked Raja.
“It looks that way, but that’s all role playing. It’s eighteen or older to get in, and believe me, they do card.” Vinny leaned over the bar toward the bartender. “My friend is looking for a lover. But he wants someone younger than anybody I see in here. Any chance you can point us in the right direction?”
“You a cop?”
“Absolutely not.” Vinny put another one hundred dollar bill on the bar and smiled at the bartender.
“You want to talk to Raphael.” The bartender wrote a number on a napkin. “Tell him Rocky told you to call. Otherwise, he’ll hang up.”
“Thanks, Rocky.”
“My name’s Ted,” said the bartender without smiling.
“Right.” Vinny folded up the napkin and found Raja. He was standing next to a large fountain of a cherub peeing, attempting to be invisible. A number of men in the club were trying to make eye contact with him.
“I can see you aren’t enjoying this part of the investigation,” said Vinny. “You know, Raj, we are just following the leads we get. You don’t actually have to join the man-boy club.”
“Easy for you to say. You’re a girl. I feel dirty.”
“Welcome to my world. Maybe you’ll remember this the next time you feel compelled to gawk at some hot babe.”
“Point taken. In any case, if you got what we came for, let’s get out of here.”
“Lead the way.”
They left the club and stepped out onto the pavement. Raja was clearly relieved to be outside.
“Feeling a little homophobic, are we?” asked Vinny.
“Not at all. What adults do for fun is their business. However, that doesn’t mean I have to embrace or like it.”
“True dat.” Vinny fiddled with her iPad. “I’ve got our next stop located using reverse number lookup. The bartender said we should call first. Or, would you prefer to go all storm trooper?”
Raja extrapolated on several possible scenarios in his head. “Let’s follow the bartender’s instructions. We are heading into an illicit world. I’d rather not surprise anyone and prompt a violent reaction.”
“Then you should make the call, me being a girl and all.” Vinny loved to push Raja’s buttons.
Raja made a face and pulled out his phone.
Vinny handed him the number. “You should say Rocky sent you.”
“You’re just messing with me now.”
“No, the bartender said so. For real.”
Raja punched in the number and waited.
The phone rang three times before a tentative voice said, “Yeah?”
“Rocky said to call.”
“Uh-huh.”
“I’m looking for a companion.”
“Age?”
“Maybe ten to twelve.”
“Race?”
The voice sounded like a bored clerk at Baskin Robbins taking an order for an ice cream cone. It turned Raja’s stomach, but he managed to keep his cool. “Surprise me,” he said.
“One thousand dollars. I need a major credit card.”
Raja looked at Vinny who was tracking the phone call on her iPad. Both sides of the conversation were typing across her screen. She opened a window on the screen and handed it to Raja. It was a legitimate credit card she had created, complete with a separate persona and background for just such an occasion as this.
Raja looked at the iPad screen. The name under the credit card number was Lester Brass. The phrase “Lester the molester” ran through his head as he prepared himself to assume the part. He decided right then he would never use that name again.
“You there, buddy?” asked the impatient voice on the phone.
“Yeah, yeah, just getting out my credit card. Here you go.” Raja read the number, name and expiration date to the faceless voice on the other end.
After a fifteen second lag, the voice said, “Go to the Avalon Motel on Third Avenue, between Baker and Washington, and book room 214. Go to the room and wait inside. Got it?”
“Got it. How long do I wait?”
“Patience, my friend.” Then the line went dead.
“There goes a thousand bucks I’ll never see,” said Raja. Sketchy didn’t begin to describe what he thought of this operation.
“Money is just an attitude, remember,” said Vinny.
“Yeah, and right now my attitude is pretty poor, no pun intended. I just hope we get something out of this.”
“Only one way to find out.”
Third Avenue was less than a mile away. The Avalon Motel was no better or worse than most cheap city motels. Raja pulled in and parked toward the rear.
“I’ll go in,” said Raja. “You stay in the car until I get into the room.”
“As you wish, boss.”
Raja walked into the office. The man at the front desk was what you might expect at a low-rent motel. A couple of old faded tattoos, bad teeth and the red, rheumy eyes that spoke of someone who had exceeded capacity on alcohol far too often.
“Room 214,” said Raja.
The clerk smiled knowingly and tossed a key onto the counter. “A hundred even.” He knew a sucker when he saw one.
Raja glared.
“It’s our most popular room,” said the clerk. His grin revealed two missing molars.
Raja put a hundred dollar bill on the counter, which the clerk scooped up like a frog snatching a fly.
“Top rear, last door. Stairs are through there.” The clerk jerked a thumb to his left, and turned from the window, no longer interested.
As Raja climbed, the stairs echoed with an empty, hollow sound that seemed appropriate to the unholy activities that went on at the Avalon Motel. It pained Raja to imagine the tortured souls who had come before him—not to mention their innocent victims. Reaching the last door, he turned the key in the knob, and after a pause to glance at the red Ferrari below, slipped into room 214.
While waiting in the car, Vinny had already run a trace on the merchant account that had run Raja’s credit card. It was the Woo Fong Mandarin restaurant in Chinatown, the same one that she had already connected to Judge Griggsby. It looked like Ramona Griggsby had been telling the truth about the judge and his preferences. They were right on track. Vinny also knew, when this was over, Raja would turn over everything to the local police so they could bust up the operation. She dropped the info into a document folder on her iPad, and headed up the rear stairs to the room. After a soft knock, the door opened and she disappeared inside.
“What do you think?” asked Vinny.
“I think this world needs help,” said Raja, rubbing his temples. Degradation hung in the room like a thick cloud. Sometimes empathy could be a bitch. “For now, we wait,” he said.
Vinny looked at the bed. “No chance I sit on that,” she said, and grabbed a wooden chair near the door.
Raja stood in the corner watching through a narrow gap in the window curtain. After an hour, there was a loud triple knock on the door. Raja opened the door, keeping Vinny concealed behind it. A small Chinese boy, at most ten, stood alone in the doorway looking scared and desperate. Raja waved the boy inside. He stuck his head out and looked in both directions. Whoever brought the boy had already disappeared. This was going to be tougher than he had hoped.
When the boy saw Vinny in the room, he looked confused.
“Do you speak English?” she asked slowly.
“Yes.”
“No one is going to hurt you. You are safe now.”
Instead of the relief Vinny expected, the boy’s eyes got wide and he looked alarmed. He thought they were the police.
An avalanche of Chinese spilled from his lips, none of which Vinny could interpret beyond the fact the boy was upset. Before Vinny could say anything the boy bolted for the door.
“Whoa there, fellow,” said Raja, as he scooped him up before he could get out. Raja put the boy down inside the room and closed the door. “English, please. Slowly.”
“You must not make any trouble,” said the boy. “They will hurt my family.”
“Who will?” asked Vinny.
“The boss man.” He added a word in Chinese that didn’t sound like a compliment.
“Where is your family?” asked Vinny.
“Chinatown. They work in the factory for the boss man. That’s all I know. Please, I don’t want no trouble. You must let me go.”
Vinny looked at Raja then back at the boy.
“Do you know where the factory is?” asked Vinny.
The boy shook his head.
“We will fix this,” she said. “What is your name?”
“Li.”
“We will fix this, Li.” Vinny’s cup was overflowing, as usual.
Raja wasn’t so sure. He and Vinny listened while the boy told them the horrors of what had happened. Finally, he said, “So you see. You must let me go.”
“No way, Jose,” insisted Vinny.
“The boy is right,” said Raja. “Let him go.” Raja opened the door.
“Are you crazy?” said Vinny.
“Let him go,” repeated Raja.
Vinny couldn’t believe her ears.
In the shock of the moment, the boy pulled free of Vinny and scampered out the door.
Raja closed the door behind him.
Vinny was outraged. “This can’t happen, Raj. Get out of my way. I will hurt you.” Vinny took a martial arts fighting stance.
Raja stood his ground. “You’re right as usual, Vinny, but so was he. Trust me. It’s how the Triad operates. They offer a family passage into the United States for a price. When the family arrives here, they take the children and slave them out into the sex trade, while forcing the parents to work in a sweat shop or they’ll never see their children again. Then they tell the child he must do what they want or they will kill his parents. As illegals, they have no safe options. If either the child or the parents run, they kill whoever stays behind. And, if they think the authorities are on to them, a lot more will die. Scorched earth policy all the way.”
“I won’t leave him.”
“Neither will I. We need to go up the food chain. Did I mention I dropped one of your trackers into the boy’s pocket?”
Vinny dropped her fists and pulled out her iPad.
“You should find him on that. Then we can track him to the rattlesnake’s den.”
“Yes, there it is,” said Vinny. “I have the signal. Let’s go.”
“Not so fast, Vinny. We have to play this smart, or we get more people killed. We need the sweat shop location, as well. And we need to cut off the snake’s head.”
“I traced your credit card purchase to Woo Fong’s Mandarin,” offered Vinny, still unconvinced.
“Isn’t that—”
“Yes, it is. Judge Griggsby has shopped there.”
“That’s where we go next. But we are going to need help.” Raja dialed a number. It was Detective Rafferty in Los Angeles.
“Tommy. Raja Williams. We’re in San Francisco. I stumbled onto a human trafficking ring and I need your help getting backup from the SFPD. It involves the Triad in Chinatown.”
“Jesus, Raja, when you step in it, you step in it,” said Rafferty.
“I’m going to need help finding a sweatshop and arranging a raid.”
“I’ll call Matt Sampson. He runs the organized crime unit up there. If you have something solid, he’ll want to help.”
“Thanks, Tommy. Have him call this number. ASAP.”
“Always at your beck and call,” said Rafferty. Despite the sarcasm, he knew Raja was one of the good guys who produced results. “You find out anything on the judge?”
“We should have more soon,” said Raja. “I’ll tell you all about it on the other side of this mess.”
“Yeah, okay. I’ll call Matt right now. Just wait for help. The San Francisco Triad is not to be messed with, you hear me?”
“I didn’t know you cared.”
“I’m just looking out for that pretty partner of yours.”
“Yeah, yeah. I’ll wait for the call. Thanks, Tommy.”
Chapter Thirteen: Doin’ the Triad Two-step
The Chinese Triad was possibly the world’s oldest organized crime syndicate. They operated primarily out of Hong Kong, after the Communist takeover of mainland China in 1949. Being older made them neither better nor worse than other crime organizations, and they trafficked in the usual drugs, weapons, prostitution and gambling like all the rest. The Triad had nearly two million members worldwide including San Francisco.
Matt Sampson had been working to bust the San Francisco Triad on human trafficking for years. They could sometimes find the sweat shops by tracking electric usage in the warehouses the Triad was known to use. However, when they busted a warehouse that usually only resulted in the deportation of the illegal adults, and a small fine on the company for hiring illegals. The victims would never talk. And the Triad would simply open another sweat shop somewhere else.
The SFPD had made even less progress on the sex trade with kids. The one time they had gotten close, they found a half dozen young bodies in a dumpster, and all their leads evaporated.
Therefore, when Lieutenant Sampson called Raja at the insistence of Detective Rafferty, he was frothing at the chance to get at the Triad, despite the distrust he had for private eyes. 
“Raja Williams?”
“Yes.”
“I’m Lieutenant Sampson, from the organized crime unit, SFPD. Tom Rafferty says you think you have a way to go after the Triad on human trafficking.” He paused, a bit conflicted.
“I do.”
“Well, I’m all ears. But, I have to tell you, it’s not going to be easy.” Sampson ran through the problems he had faced while trying to bust the Triad. He didn’t mention how little he liked or trusted private detectives, but Raja could feel the disdain.
“I can give a statement on the boy’s location that should get you a warrant,” said Raja. “But, I need to locate the sweat shop where his parents work. Based on what you have experienced, we better squeeze them from both ends. Otherwise someone will end up dead.”
The lieutenant began to warm up. Most PIs he knew were bulldog tenacious in pursuing leads, but cared little about the collateral damage they left in their wake. “I can locate the shop, but without probable cause, I doubt I can get a warrant.”
“How about exigent circumstances. If you bust the sex trade location, everyone in that factory will be in immediate danger.”
“That’s a stretch, but I know a judge who might buy it. Where is the boy?”
“I’ll give you the location, with your promise you won’t go in until you can hit both sites simultaneously. I don’t want to get any of these people killed.”
“I hear you. You have my word.”
Raja gave him the address from the tracker he put on the boy.
“Okay. Give me an hour.” Sampson ended the call.
Vinny looked embarrassed. “Thanks, Raja,” she said. “I shouldn’t have doubted you. And I almost hit you.”
“Hey, you do what you feel you have to. That’s why I love you. But, if you want to make amends, we still don’t know where the judge is. While we wait to hear from Lieutenant Sampson, maybe you could figure out how we can find him.”
“As you wish,” said Vinny, back in good spirits.
Raja looked around the drab room. “Meanwhile, let’s get out of this hellhole. It may take a while to get this operation organized. Let’s find a better place to stay.”
Vinny located an upscale Ramada and they checked into a suite.
More work on her iPad confirmed the judge had been in Chinatown recently. “I can’t say where the judge is now, but there is an eighty-six percent probability someone at Woo Fong’s will know where to find him.”
“Vinny, I’ve been meaning to ask. How do you do that?”
“What?”
“The exact percentages and all.”
“It’s quantum mechanics. It’s based on the Heisenberg Uncertainty Principle. Pretty simple, really.”
“So you say. I’ll take your word for it.”
“It predicts the probability of a particle, or in this case a person’s location.”
“That’s not much better.”
“We need to find out who knows what at Woo Fong’s.”
“That I can understand,” said Raja.
Raja’s cell phone rang. “Raja Williams,” he said.
“It’s Lieutenant Sampson from the SFPD.”
“Yes. How are we doing?”
“Good news. We have the probable sweat shop location. I’ve got a surveillance team in place to confirm that now. The warrants are on the line as we speak. If all goes as planned we make simultaneous strikes tomorrow morning at ten.”
“One more thing,” said Raja. “I think the money for the sex ring is being laundered through the Woo Fong Mandarin Restaurant. I expect you will find the Triad involved there, as well. Any chance you can have a team in place to raid the restaurant?”
“I won’t have time for a warrant.”
“That’s okay, you won’t need one. There will be plenty of exigent circumstances.”
“I probably shouldn’t ask how you know that ahead of time. But, I can be there with a half-dozen men and a couple of squad cars at ten.”
“If you don’t mind, Lieutenant, let’s meet a block north of Woo Fong’s at nine thirty. I’ll tell you what’s going to happen then.”
“One block north of Woo Fong’s at nine thirty. Will that do?”
“Absolutely.”
“I’ll call you first thing when I get the green light.” The call ended.
“What are you up to, Raj?” asked Vinny.
“We are going to need some leverage to find out more on the judge. The SFPD will make a good crowbar. Right now, I’m going to need some sleep. You do whatever you do, and wake me by eight.”
“I’ve got some leads to work on. See you in the morning, boss.”
“Do you have to call me boss?”
“Don’t get your panties in a twist, bro.”
Raja gave up. He went to bed and slept without dreaming. Making progress on a case was always a good sleeping potion, and helping innocent people was an even better one. He woke up fresh at eight on the nose.
Vinny was already up and had breakfast from room service waiting for him. “You sure you want to do this?” she asked, as she watched Raja wolf down eggs and bacon.
“If you’re asking am I sure what I am going to do, yes I am. If you’re asking am I sure I’ll get the outcome I want, the answer is no. But, that’s what makes life interesting, right?”
“True dat, boss.”
Raja and Vinny climbed out of the Ferrari on Jackson Street, one block north of Woo Fong’s. Lieutenant Sampson was already there.
“We have SWAT ready for simultaneous assaults on both the sweat shop and the prostitution house. They move at ten sharp. Whatever you do here must not alert the Triad to that fact.”
“No problem. We are going in first as civilians just before ten. Station your men near both ends of this alley. Keep them out of sight, but be close and be ready.”
“For what?”
“Chinese fireworks.”
“What? I’m not sure this is a good idea.”
“Just be ready.”
“It’s your funeral.”
“I’m hoping not.”
Raja and Vinny walked up the alley that came out just beyond the entrance to Woo Fong’s. Raja checked his watch. It was exactly nine fifty. “Stay close,” he said, and the two walked into the restaurant.
“Hello,” announced Raja, loudly. “My name is Raja Williams. This is my friend Vinny.”
Vinny smiled and nodded.
“We are trying to locate a judge named Griggsby. He comes here, so I know someone will recognize him. Here’s his picture.” Raja walked toward a group of staff gathering at the counter, watching them carefully. He held out the picture, noting their reactions. A man in a coat and tie hurried out from somewhere in the back.
“What do you want?” he asked. There was panic in his voice.
“I’m looking for Judge Griggsby,” said Raja loudly. “Vinny, show the manager a picture. You are the manager, right?”
Vinny handed him a snapshot. Raja saw the flash of recognition on the manager’s face.
“I’m afraid there is no one here by that name,” said the man curtly.
“Surely someone here has seen him. He is a regular customer, I’m told.” Raja continued to observe each of them carefully. He had already noticed someone covertly making a call behind the counter.
Raja checked his watch—two minutes after ten. He decided to escalate things. “You might as well tell me what you know. The police are on to this whole operation.”
One of the workers rushed into the back.
Raja called after him. “Hey, where are you going—too late to warn anyone. In fact, I wouldn’t be surprised—” Raja stopped in mid-sentence.
The restaurant staffers were all staring past Raja, faces gripped with fear.
Raja turned and saw three men had entered the restaurant and were reaching under their jackets.
“They’re not here for the lunch special. Let’s go, Vinny.” Raja grabbed her hand and dragged her through the door to the kitchen. “We’ve got to get out of this place.” They hurried past one cook frying a rice dish and another stirring a large pot toward the back.
“Over there,” said Vinny, pointing to a green door on their left. It was the door Raja knew led to the alley, and he ran to it, Vinny in tow. The three men crashed into the kitchen, guns in hand. One of the cooks was so startled he dropped a pot of soup, and then slipped on the wet floor.
Raja rattled the door knob but it was locked. Vinny pushed him aside and slammed open the green door with a well placed front kick, and the two of them staggered into the alley. As they ran for Washington Street, a second door opened ahead of them and two armed men stepped out. Raja and Vinny spun around to run back the other way. Both stopped when the three men came out of the green kitchen door, trapping them in the small alley.
Raja pulled a small package from his pocket. Using a Bic lighter, he lit it on fire and tossed it across the alley next to the red brick wall. When it hit the ground, the pack of Black Cat fire crackers began to explode, echoing loudly in the alley and momentarily freezing the men who were closing in on them.
Seconds later the whooping sirens of two squad cars blared from both ends of the alley. Police SWAT with rifles moved in quickly. The armed Triad men took one look and put down their weapons.
The timing had been perfect. The police collected everyone into custody, including the restaurant manager and his entire staff.
Once things on the street were under control, Lieutenant Sampson walked up to Raja smiling like the Cheshire cat. He said, “You call those fireworks? I’ve seen a lot better. But none I’ll remember like yours. I just got the call from the other SWAT teams. They took both sites cleanly. No casualties. They recovered over a dozen kids and about twenty parents.”
Vinny perked up.
“Including the boy Li and his mom and dad,” added Sampson.
“That’s great news,” said Vinny. She did a little celebratory dance.
“All told, looks like we have over a dozen Triad members and a lot more who worked directly under them,” said Sampson. “I’m confident someone will roll up on the bosses for the right deal.”
“Speaking of that, Lieutenant, I would like to ask a favor,” said Raja.
“Favor? Are you kidding? You own me today. Name it.”
“I want to be in on the interrogations of the restaurant staff. One of them knows how to find our key suspect.”
“You got it.”
Later at the station, Raja and Vinny watched the interrogations. Most looked scared and sparked none of Raja’s interest. When the restaurant manager sat down, Raja asked to talk to Lieutenant Sampson. Sampson stepped out into the observation hallway.
“He’s the one,” said Raja.
“The restaurant manager? He’s all yours,” said Sampson. “I’ve already got two of the Triads rolling on the local dragonhead—that’s the Triad boss. You want to squeeze information out of this guy, go ahead. I’ll back your play.”
Raja and Sampson went into the interrogation room. Raja sat down at the table across from the manager, while Sampson stood behind him.
“We are looking for information on this guy, Judge Griggsby,” said Raja. He placed a picture of the judge on the table in front of the manager.
The manager looked at the picture, but said nothing.
Sampson moved close to the manager, and spoke softly. “We already have enough to close down the local Triad for conspiracy to kidnap, racketeering and murder. Here’s how this goes. You help us find the judge and you walk out of here a free man who refused to cooperate. You don’t and we send you back to Hong Kong after leaking that you were the one who turned on the Triad. I heard they burn traitors alive—after torturing them until they beg to die.” He paused to let the idea sink in. “So, what’s it going to be?”
It was no contest. The manager sang for his freedom, giving up everything he knew about the judge as well as a couple other recognizable names. Raja made notes, until he heard the manager mention the Raintree Motel.
“You mean the Avalon Motel, don’t you?”
“No. The judge liked the Raintree Motel. He said they have a nicer breakfast bar.”
“Isn’t that special,” said Raja, still disgusted by the whole man-boy scene. He hadn’t counted on a second motel. Apparently the underage sex trade was big business. Once he got all the information the manager had on the judge, he excused himself from the interrogation room. Vinny had already confirmed the motel’s location. If no one had alerted the judge to the raids, it was possible he was still in town.
Lieutenant Sampson came out a minute later to thank Raja for his help. “You’ve done a lot for us. Hope you got what you needed for your case.”
“So do I,” said Raja.
“How long will you be in San Francisco?” asked Sampson.
“Looks like another day, at least. We have a lead to follow up.”
“If you do stay, come on down to Murphy’s on Kearny Street later tonight. We’ll be celebrating this bust until closing, or later. And your money won’t spend there, I can promise you.”
“Appreciate the offer. We have one more place to stop first. Rain check?”
“Done. Good luck on your case.” Sampson looked Raja in the eye and shook his hand, deciding right there to change his maxim that all private investigators were worse than useless.
Chapter Fourteen: Judgment Day
The Raintree Motel was only a mile from the police station. Vinny navigated while Raja drove. He rolled the red Ferrari quietly into the parking lot.
The clerk at the front desk took one look at the picture of the judge and said, “Room 115, halfway down.”
They reached 115 and looked through the faded yellow curtains. There was someone inside lying on the bed.
“Open up,” said Raja loudly, while knocking.
No response.
“Come on, Judge. I know you are in there. Open up.”
Still nothing.
This time, after trying the door, Raja sent Vinny for the night clerk. Raja rubbed his head. Not good.
Vinny returned with the clerk, who unlocked the door and stepped back.
Raja went in first. The judge was sprawled out on the bed face down in his boxers and knee-high black socks.
Vinny followed Raja inside.
The motel clerk stayed outside and peeked around them. “Is he dead?” he asked.
“Looks that way.” Raja moved closer to check the judge’s pulse. Nothing. A hypodermic needle, spoon and piece of crinkled tin foil lay conspicuously on the nightstand next to the bed.
A taste told Raja it was heroin. Raja checked the judge’s arms and found no tracks. The judge had none of the telltale signs of a junkie. His jacket and pants hung neatly on a hook behind the door.
“I better call the police,” said the clerk. He disappeared down the walkway in the direction of the office.
Waiting for the police to arrive was the right thing to do, but that meant cozying up to another homicide detective, too many questions and a lot of wasted time. If it was a professional hit, as Raja suspected, there would be no clues to be found anyway. Without hesitation, Raja dug into the pockets and found a set of car keys.
Raja stepped outside the room and beeped the keys to a black BMW in the parking lot.
“Wait for me,” said Vinny. “Dead bodies creep me out.”
A search of the car brought nothing of interest. It was a rental from the airport. Another dead end. Raja found and removed one unidentified key from the key chain, replaced the car keys in the judge’s jacket and closed the motel room door behind him. As they drove away, two black and white patrol cars passed them and pulled into the motel parking lot.
The Triad wasn’t the only one with a scorched earth policy. Dead bodies were becoming an epidemic on this case.
Chapter Fifteen: See No Evil
At her Santa Barbara ranch, Clarice Hope faced the distasteful job of making arrangements for a funeral service for her dead husband. Once her anger had cooled, the reality of her loss hit home. Needing support, she drove into downtown Santa Barbara to talk to the woman who ran a popular travel agency there. Clarice had booked many trips through that agency over the years, and in the process, she and Sandra Perkins had become fast friends.
“Clarice, come in, come in,” said a well-groomed middle-aged woman who looked the part of an upscale professional. “I’m wrapping up a booking, and then we can go for coffee. Or something stronger, if you prefer. I’ll just be a minute.”
“Take your time, Sandy. I’m in no hurry.” Clarice didn’t bother to hide the gloom in her voice.
“Oh, hell. I can do this later.” Sandy closed her laptop and stood up. “Let’s get out of here. No calls,” she said to her receptionist as she walked Clarice out of the office.
“Coffee or Cognac?” Sandy knew what Clarice liked to drink.
“Coffee sounds good,” said Clarice. The two strolled arm in arm toward the Starbucks that was half a block down on the opposite corner of the street. As they crossed to the coffee shop, neither woman noticed the blond-haired man on the other side of the street standing by a sidewalk magazine rack and pretending to read. He watched intently until the women went inside and then walked toward the Starbucks.
Once inside, the two women chatted trivial social talk about Santa Barbara until Sandy finally asked pointedly, “How are you holding up?”
Clarice stared at her coffee cup. “I know I used to kid about my relationship with Randy, but I really loved that man.”
Sandy gently took her hand. “I know you did, sweetie. I’m so sorry.”
The floodgates opened and Clarice had the cry she had needed since first learning of her husband’s death.
Once the tears slowed down, Sandy said, “Coffee isn’t going to cut it. Let’s go.” The two walked down State Street to O’Malley’s, a small old-fashioned corner tavern. Neither noticed the blond-haired man who followed behind, maintaining a cushion of separation between them. When the women stopped briefly to window shop, he crouched down to tie his shoe. His jacket flared open momentarily revealing the holstered weapon underneath. When the two women finally meandered into the tavern, the man picked a discreet spot outside and waited.
Clarice and Sandy drank and reminisced until Clarice had come out of her funk. When the two women left the bar at eight o’clock and strolled slowly up State Street, the blond man was gone. Clarice and Sandy stopped and hugged in front of the door to the travel agency office.
“Thanks, Sandy.”
“You’re welcome, sweetie. You sure you’re okay to drive?”
“I feel a lot better now than when I came. I’ll be fine.”
Sandy went into her office and Clarice walked down the narrow red brick alley next to the travel agency toward the rear parking lot. It was dusk, and the sun had dropped behind the buildings, casting dark shadows in the alleyway. The blond-haired man appeared suddenly on the other side of State Street and loped across like an animal tracking its prey. When he was even with the alley entrance, he reached inside his jacket.
Clarice was thirty feet ahead in the alley, unaware of her pursuer. Suddenly a side door slammed open onto the alley just behind Clarice. Sandy stepped out holding a red leather handbag. “Clarice. You left your clutch in my office.” She caught a movement out of the corner of her eye and looked back toward State Street, but no one was there.
Chapter Sixteen: Back to La-La Land
The trip from San Francisco back to LA was a quiet one for Raja and Vinny. They set out in the morning after the rush hour crush, working their way onto Highway One. Once on the open road, the coast presented a beautiful vista. Vinny never noticed, keeping herself occupied by running algorithms to search for more information on the various interested parties they had so far encountered. Spider programs trolled the internet and collected massive bits of data. Sort programs culled out junk data, while others analyzed what remained for relevance to the case they were on. If any major hacking was required, Vinny did that hands-on live. A girl has to have her fun.
Raja, on the other hand, was doing a bit of uncharacteristic sulking. Deaths never sat well with him, especially if he had personally taken on the task of solving a case. Like the surgeon who analytically knows he cannot save all his patients, the death of one still hits home. It doesn’t matter how many times he tells himself it’s just part of the job. A death is a death, and a loss is a loss.
For Raja, it was always personal. He had a connection that spanned out across the planet. It wasn’t some vague airy-fairy kind of one-with-the-universe idea either. What he felt was intimate, and as real as a hearty handshake with a friend.
So far the body count was unacceptable. Four dead, and they were no closer to a resolution. There had to be something he had overlooked. Something that would get him to the truth on this case. He thought back to the beginning. The whole thing had started with Randall and Clarice Hope.
“Have we got anything else on Randall Hope?” he asked Vinny.
“I’ve researched everything from his college days forward. Other than a DUI and a disorderly conduct at a frat party, the guy is clean. He hit the jackpot when he married Clarice, and then nothing until he takes up with Ramona Griggsby. You know the rest. Shortly afterward, he ends up dead.”
Raja wasn’t satisfied.
Vinny pulled up her file on Randall Hope and began to read out loud. This was one of their rituals on a case.
Raja listened intently while he drove.
Vinny went through the circumstances of Randy’s death, the autopsy results and the interviews with Ramona Griggsby, but nothing jumped out at him.
“There has to be something missing.”
“I’ve input everything I found and everything you told me from your conversations,” insisted Vinny.
Raja knew that was true. Vinny had awesome powers of duplication. He had never seen her miss anything. It must have been something he had missed himself. Something that he overlooked.
“I am not questioning your competence, Vinny. I am just frustrated.”
They drove silently the rest of the way, arriving back in Southern California by late afternoon. When the Ferrari pulled into the garage in Studio City, the long shadows were beginning to blend into dusk. Once inside the loft, Vinny went to work.
Raja watched her for an hour, then said, “How does your charting look? Any sort of probabilities coming up that I can use?”
Vinny had a diagram positioning all the players based on the weighted quantity of relevant data connecting them to the case they were trying to solve. Randall Hope still sat alone in the center.
“Four dead bodies gives me too many variables,” she said. “I need less, which won’t happen, or more.”
“Let’s not go there, if you please,” said Raja rubbing his head. The last thing he wanted was more dead bodies.
“I do have more unevaluated data on the judge, and a lot of loose ends.”
“Let’s hear it.”
“Well, so far he has a connection to Randall Hope through his wife, although you ruled out any personal motive for wanting Randy dead. He also knew the governor. Then there was his thing for boys, which made him vulnerable as a federal judge. I have a pile of cases he has ruled on, but it’s total Niah.”
“Niah?”
“N-I-A-H—Needle in a haystack. Without a better focus, I don’t know what to look for. The judge has reviewed forty-two cases, not one of which is connected to Hope.”
A call came in from Detective Rafferty.
“We ID’d one Fernando Hierra Lopez as the killer of Ramona Griggsby,” said Rafferty.
“Any chance you can locate him?” asked Raja, rubbing the back of his head.
“Not likely. He’s an illegal. We only got lucky matching his fingerprint from the police files shared by the Mexican border police. By now he has disappeared into the four million plus Latino population of LA county, almost a million of which are illegal. If he doesn’t want to be found, we won’t find him anytime soon.”
“Niah,” said Raja idly.
“What?”
“Never mind.”
“I heard you helped the SFPD bust the local Triad. Not bad for a civilian. Any luck on finding the judge?”
“We found him, but too late. He was dead from a heroin overdose. I’m sure it was staged.”
“Don’t think I’m gonna cry over that news, from what you told me about his habits.”
“No, I don’t suppose you will. But another dead body isn’t helping our case any.”
“Nasty business, for sure. Any idea who did it?” asked Rafferty.
“Whoever he is, he’s a ghost. And whoever he works for is thorough. He is not leaving anything to chance.”
“Any idea what this mess is all about?”
“Not yet, but—”
“I know, I know. I’ll be the first one you call.”
“Gotta go, Tommy. Thanks for the data.”
After a steak and a couple glasses of red wine, both Raja and Vinny relaxed on the couch. They both needed a break from the case.
When Vinny got up to dutifully return to work at her computer, Raja said, “Dancing.”
“Say what?”
“Dancing. Let’s go dancing,” he said. Raja knew how much Vinny loved to dance.
“I didn’t think you even liked dancing.”
“Oh, I like it. I just don’t do it as well as you. You could dance. I could watch. Or get drunk.”
“Or get laid.”
“I’m not discounting the possibility, but where I’m proposing we go, that might be less likely.”
“And where’s that?”
“West Hollywood. I hear the dance clubs there are the best.”
“True dat. There’s no better place for a girl to dance than a gay club in West LA.”
“Well, let’s get cleaned up and go,” said Raja. He looked around.
Vinny was already halfway to her room, having already stripped off her top.
Fifteen minutes later Vinny emerged decked out in a sequin top and a short hot-pink skirt. Her eye makeup and lipstick were glitter, and her long legs made her red flats look good, while the shoes facilitated dancing. Raja didn’t often see her dressed for a night on the town, and it was easy to forget how gorgeous she was. He looked her over, trying not to gape.
“Not bad for a geek, eh?” said Vinny, striking a pose and flashing a smile.
“You’ll do,” said Raja, suppressing a wow. “What am I supposed to wear to go with that outfit?”
“Oxford conservative suits you fine. Besides, I doubt you packed much for the club scene.”
Vinny was right. The button down shirt and loafers were pretty much a uniform for Raja, a holdover from his days at university in England.
After a slalom run along Laurel Canyon Boulevard that Raja thoroughly enjoyed, the Ferrari cruised into West Hollywood on Santa Monica Boulevard. West Hollywood is a colorful and festive place that comes to life at night. The two of them drove to the Factory, a premier dance club that featured DJs and live acts playing a variety of danceable music. It was a loud and rhythmic scene with a decidedly gay flavor. You couldn’t find better dancing anywhere in LA. Vinny dragged Raja inside and onto the dance floor in a section where the DJ had the music cranked up to a mind-numbing pulse.
They danced conservatively together for two numbers until Vinny had warmed up. She was already attracting potential dance partners when a couple of the club regulars dressed in Caribbean native costume moved closer. When a Jamaican disco beat started up, Raja made a graceful exit, leaving Vinny to boogie with the two pros. And boogie she did, keeping up with the two gay men all night.
Raja tried a drink but it was watered-down junk. He watched Vinny from one of the stand-up tables along the edges of the dance floor.
All night Vinny drank Cuban mojitos that she sweated out on the dance floor. Raja never got tired of watching her dance. She had a natural grace that money can’t buy. By the time they finally got home it was three in the morning. Within half an hour Raja was sound asleep and even Vinny crashed for a rare night of sleep.
Chapter Seventeen: Bloodhounds
The next morning, a good breakfast put both Raja and Vinny in a working frame of mind. One thing was for sure, the judge had been eliminated for a good reason. Killing a federal judge brings a lot of heat. Vinny went to work sorting information on the judge. Raja took the project of figuring out what the judge’s key opened.
After an hour, Raja said, “I’ve been thinking.”
“You should have warned me.”
“Very funny. As I was saying, I’ve been thinking. The whole man-boy scene had to be more trouble for Judge Griggsby than his wife’s cavalier attitude led me to believe. What did she really know? Besides, she’s dead too.”
“Seems like a good place to start.”
“The man-boy community is an underground part of the LGBT movement—a black sheep, crazy sister you keep in the basement part—but part of it, nonetheless. If you listen to the GLAAD spokespeople, it is an unsanctioned part, although advocating for alternative lifestyles while excluding one is a narrow fence to walk.”
“Tracking down the man-boy scene and its connections won’t be easy,” said Vinny. “I found several remote blogs on the area, with mention of what’s referred to as the Lavender Mafia, a powerful group of gays primarily in the entertainment industry. That led to blogs on legislation about LGBT marriage in California, and the Proposition 8 ban on gay marriage.”
“Aren’t there Prop 8 court cases still pending?”
“Yes, in federal court.” Vinny had found a connection with Judge Griggsby and his position as a federal review judge in California. She was excited. “I found several editorial blogs talking against the use of threats to out prominent people as a form of political pressure. One even called it blackmail.”
“But, I thought the judge was retiring,” said Raja. “And, if he was being blackmailed to vote to overturn Prop 8, who had the motive to kill him?”
“Maybe he had a change of heart,” said Vinny.
“You saw what I saw in San Francisco. Not the setting for a spiritual revival. In any event, how about you follow up on the Lavender Mafia line? You know that’s not my deal.”
“I can do that,” said Vinny.
“Another thing I’ve been meaning to ask, did you ever find out who owned the estate where the governor had his party?”
“Yes. It was a Chinese investment bank working through an offshore holding company.”
“Aren’t those—”
“State owned,” finished Vinny. “Most definitely.”
“Why would they sponsor the governor’s party?”
“No idea. The Chinese have been quietly buying up real estate and businesses. As long as they stay under fifty percent ownership, they can run under the radar. Any support to an American politician would be taking a big chance of raising red flags.”
“So, what’s the connection?”
“It must be big. Sounds like you have a line to follow up,” said Vinny.
“I think you are right. But before I do, I have an idea on the key we found.”
“What you mean we, white man? You stole that key.”
“And now it might pay off. Come on, let’s go for a ride.”
“That’s what she said.”
On Raja’s hunch, they drove to the Hillcrest Country Club.
“Why here?” asked Vinny.
“The judge was in the middle of some nasty business. He must have kept something to protect himself. He wouldn’t keep it at his office or house. Where better than the private club?”
“Not that it did him any good.”
“It can’t hurt to look.”
The host was very accommodating due to the VIP status Vinny had created for Raja. “How may I service you today, sir?” asked an attractive young woman of perhaps twenty-five.
Raja raised a finger in Vinny’s direction knowing she was about to spit out one of her snappy answers. It stopped her with her mouth already open.
“I am interested in any private storage you might provide here at the club,” asked Raja. “Besides the public lockers.”
“We do have individually numbered security lockers in the back of the VIP lounge. Those are issued only on special request. Would you like one, Mr. Williams?”
“Could you show us first?”
“Follow me.” The host led them through a lounge with an over-abundance of mahogany wood, red leather and crystal glass. In the rear was a coat closet and a bank of boxes in the wall that looked like the larger safety deposit boxes at a bank. The host opened one with a key she carried. “They are double-walled titanium alloy for extra security. Suitable for jewelry or any valuable, really.”
“Do you have the form to apply for one?” asked Raja.
“I can get one at the front desk if you’d like.”
“Would you?”
“Certainly.” The girl hurried off.
Raja pulled out the key he had removed from the judge’s keyring. The number matched a box on the second row.
“Should we do this?” asked Vinny, glancing over her shoulder.
“We have a key, don’t we?”
“One you took from a dead man.”
“He certainly can’t object, now can he?”
“True dat, bro. Hurry up.”
Raja opened the box and stared inside. Empty. Someone had gotten there first. He closed the box and turned as the girl returned from the front with a form ready for Raja to sign.
“Just out of curiosity, has anyone been here to ask about these boxes recently?” asked Raja.
“Why, yes, how did you know?” she asked.
“Who was it?”
“Two government agents asked us to open a locker and confiscated the contents. One of our patrons recently died. I guess it was part of their investigation.”
“Who died?” asked Raja, already knowing the answer.
“Judge Griggsby. I heard it was a nasty drug overdose. You never really know about people, do you?”
“Did you get their names?”
“Who?”
“The agents.”
“No, but I think they were FBI.” The girl gazed blankly for a few seconds. “They had badges, but I didn’t get a close look at them.”
It was amazing what flashing a badge could do to a civilian. You could shove a Mickey Mouse club badge in front of most people and they would nod and do whatever you said. It was nearly hypnotism. Raja didn’t say so, but he was sure the federal agents were anything but. There was no point in mentioning it now. Whatever had been in that locker was long gone.
Chapter Eighteen: Tinseltown
As they cruised along Santa Monica Boulevard in the Ferrari Spider, Raja attempted to make small talk.
Vinny knew right away something was up. “Where are we going, Raj?”
Raja refused to say, and had that goofy smirk he always had when he was up to something fun. When he turned into the Dream Cars West rental lot, he said, “Vinny, I didn’t want to cramp your style, so I rented a car for you to use in LA. With all the directions this case is taking, it may be helpful if we split up on occasion.” He drove slowly along a row of high-end cars, stopping in front of a blue BMW X6. “I thought one of these would work.”
Vinny got out and peered into the driver side window.
“I know you don’t like stick shifts, so, of course, the one they are prepping for you is automatic.”
The manager pointed to a metallic silver coupe pulling out of the detailing bay into the driveway.
“There it is,” said Raja. “Go ahead. I’ll finish the paperwork.”
Vinny hurried over and walked around the car twice before climbing inside. She looked like a kid in the candy store, and that made Raja smile. He signed the rental agreement and walked to the car.
“Smoking hot,” said Vinny. “Thanks.” She looked good behind the wheel.
“The X6 is a deceptively fast car, so ease into it until you get used to it, will you?” said Raja.
Vinny had already rolled up the window and peeled out of the lot by the time Raja finished his sentence.
A ride through Griffith Park up to the Observatory was enough to satisfy Vinny’s excitement over the new car. She parked in a spot looking out over the city while continuing to research on her iPad.
Vinny started a dialogue with one of the bloggers who had mentioned the Lavender Mafia in his blog. Although the LGBT community denied such an organization formally existed, no one could deny the influence they had in Hollywood. Anyone looking at recent television and movie content could see it plain as day. It was the eight hundred pound gorilla no one talked about in Hollywood. The blogger had pointed Vinny in the direction of the studios, and to one executive in particular.
Vinny took a public tour of the studio lot, and then used her computer skills to set an appointment for herself to see the studio executive.
“Name?” asked the receptionist in the outer office.
“Livinia Moore.”
“I don’t recall—wait—here it is. Livinia Moore, with Caribbean Pictures. You are his two o’clock. Have a seat.”
Vinny nodded and sat down. She was dressed in a grey women’s power skirt suit to match her pretense for being there. The horn-rimmed glasses completed the look.
At quarter after two the receptionist made a call. A young man came out to escort Vinny into the studio exec’s office.
“Nice suit,” he said when she stood up. “Come with me.”
Vinny followed him into a large office where a middle-aged man in an ascot sat behind an enormous desk.
“Mr. Lesley, your two o’clock,” said the young assistant.
The exec peered at his schedule, and with a puzzled look waved her into the room.
“You must forgive me, but I don’t recall seeing your name before.”
Vinny decided on a straight forward approach. “I’m not going to lie to you. I’m not with Caribbean Pictures. I’m not with any studio. My boss is investigating a murder.”
“What? Are you with the police?”
“No.”
“The press?”
“No. My boss is a private investigator. We were hired by a woman whose husband was murdered. In the course of our investigation, we came across information that led me here to you.” Vinny leaned forward. “May I count on your discretion?”
Now, Mr. Lesley was interested. “Certainly.”
“It has to do with the governor.”
“Governor Black?”
“Yes. According to my research, the governor has been on the gay side of the marriage issue.”
“There is no secret that we have campaigned hard to get Prop 8 overturned. The governor’s office has given us assurances of support for our position. We have therefore supported his campaign from the beginning. So what?”
“What about the federal judges?”
“What do you mean?”
“One of the federal judges slated to hear an appeal on Prop 8 was murdered—a Judge Griggsby.”
“If you are suggesting—”
“Of course not. But you did know him.” It was a statement, not a question.
Lesley paused before answering, but never flinched. “We have studied the Proposition 8 issue and all those involved thoroughly. Many people’s lives are drastically affected by the outcome, as you can imagine. So yes, I know the name. What happened to him was unfortunate. But we had nothing to do with his death. Judge Griggsby was a supporter of our cause. That’s all I can say.”
“Do you know anyone who would want him dead?”
“Why don’t you talk to someone from the religious right.”
“Anyone in particular?”
“You think I am on familiar terms with any of them? Now you insult me. I’m afraid, Ms. Moore, if that is your real name, I must ask you to leave.” He stood up and nodded to his assistant who was waiting in the hall.
As the assistant escorted her from the room, Vinny smiled. Lavender Mafia or not, she felt like she just had an audience with the Godfather.
Chapter Nineteen: Love Bites
Raja could not connect the dots between Judge Griggsby and the other victims. He called Sharon Becker, the Chief of Forensics, hoping she could coordinate with the San Francisco coroner on the judge’s autopsy. He hoped to find a commonality among the victims. He hoped to profile and identify the killer. While the phone rang, Raja remembered Vinny’s suggestion. He also hoped to get lucky.
“Coroner’s office,” said a female voice, a sexy one at that.
“Sharon, it’s Raja Williams. I was wondering if I could ask for your help.”
“You can ask. Whether I can help, we’ll see.” She was still embarrassed for making the wrong call on Randall Hope’s autopsy.
“It’s about the autopsy of Judge Griggsby in San Francisco. I need to get the results, if possible.”
“I know the coroner. That should be doable.”
“I was hoping you could get a copy and go over it yourself. I’m trying to sort out some details.”
“Okay. Anything specific you are looking for?”
“Wish I knew. Anything that ties his death to the other victims connected to this case. Anything that might help. Use your considerable skill and judgment.”
“No flattery necessary. I wouldn’t mind making up for what I originally missed on the Hope case. When do you need it?”
“Uhh, I have some other business to take care of this afternoon. If you could check into it today, maybe we could meet for dinner and you could tell me what you find.”
“Are you asking me out, Mr. Williams?”
“I need your help on the case. But, what if I were?”
“I’d say Wolfgang Puck’s WP24 restaurant would be nice.”
“How about seven tonight at Wolfgang Puck’s?”
“Seven it is. I’ll meet you there.”
“Great. See you then.” Win-win, thought Raja.
The call with Sharon had brightened Raja up, a needed boost, considering the struggle he was having on the case. There was a lot of money in play, and plenty of players, but Raja couldn’t get the pieces to fit.
Meanwhile, Vinny worked on the money trail. It wasn’t for humanitarian reasons that the U.S. federal government put in strict regulations requiring all banking operations to report large transfers of money in or out of their coffers. The golden rule that successful kings have followed for millennia, still applies today. He who has the gold makes the rules. One corollary to that rule is: It is valuable to keep track of the flow of the gold.
On the one hand, internet banking and cloud computing have made another old adage of criminal investigation, follow the money, much easier to do. Now minutes or hours, not weeks or months are required to track money anywhere on the planet. And who needs to bother with warrants when a few keyboard clicks do the trick. Truth be told, the feds don’t even need the burdensome reports they require of banks. The feds have been mainlining the data directly for years and usually get it before the banks do. They collect and track official reports simply to intimidate banks, and to alert them to any that are colluding with criminal clients.
However, while technology has made snooping easier, it has also provided ways to defeat the programs that snoop. Anyone who tells you machines are smart should talk to a pro hacker or two. Machines have one fatal flaw—they always do what they are told. You just have to know how and what to tell them to do.
Therefore, hiding money has also become more sophisticated and is nearly impossible to detect unless you can speak the language of computers fluently. And that is what Vinny could do, like a lover whispering into an eager partner’s ear. There wasn’t a computer or program made that could keep her out.
When Raja assigned her to follow the money it was never a question of could she. The question was only when. This time it had taken her three hours. She isolated the investments made by Judge Griggsby. Most were typically conservative, like mutual funds, but two stood out. The judge had put a large, disproportionate amount of his money into two relatively new energy companies. Both had no track records, much less proven ones.
Another fact became obvious the more Vinny dug. The governor had more money in his political campaign coffers than could be readily accounted for. Considerable effort had been made to keep it that way. Nonetheless, Vinny was confident that, given time, all would be revealed.
Later in the day, Raja said, “I’m meeting with the coroner. She may have information that will help us.”
“Tonight?”
“Yes.”
“Where?”
“Wolfgang Puck’s.”
“Good for you, Raj. Go get her,” said Vinny, smiling.
“I’ll be back later,” said Raja ignoring her implication.
“No hurry. Take your time. I’ve got loads of research to sort through.”
“Okay, okay. It’s a date. Are you happy?”
“I am, actually.”
So was Raja. On the drive to the restaurant, Raja was as excited as a schoolgirl going to prom. He had plenty of opportunity and experience with the ladies. It wasn’t that. There was something he liked about Sharon. She had an intelligent self-assurance that he admired in a woman. She reminded him of a slightly older, more mature Vinny.
WP24 was Wolfgang Puck’s chic restaurant twenty-four floors up in the Ritz Carlton on Olympic Boulevard in Los Angeles. When Raja entered, Sharon was waiting for him at the bar where a well-dressed male patron was talking to her. When she spotted Raja, she waved to him, and the man attempting to hit on her walked away disappointed.
Raja hurried to the bar, and said, “I hope you were not waiting long.”
“Not at all.” Sharon wore a green summer dress that flattered her figure and made her eyes pop.
“We have a table reserved,” he added, looking around for the host.
“I brought that file you wanted,” said Sharon.
“Huh? Oh, yes, thank you.” Raja had already forgotten why they were meeting.
“Table for two?” asked the host, a pleasant young woman.
“Yes, a reservation for Raja Williams.”
“Right this way, Mr. Williams.” The host led them to a table with a spectacular view of the city.
Raja waited to hold Sharon’s chair before sitting himself.
“A man with manners,” said Sharon.
“Vinny calls me old school.”
“I’m not complaining. As long as you don’t try to decide my order for me.”
“I wouldn’t think of it. Would you like a drink?”
“Seagram’s and coke.”
The waiter arrived at the table.
“Seagram’s and coke for the lady. Scotch neat for me. The best you have.”
“Yes, sir.” The waiter left.
Sharon pulled out the medical file she brought with her. “I went over the autopsy and police report on Judge Griggsby. Nothing much to see. A heroin overdose killed him. Assuming his death was not accidental, it was done with a professional’s attention to detail. A very minor bruise on the neck is all that pointed to foul play. Nothing conclusive, to say the least.”
“It sounds consistent with our other bodies. Could we be looking at the same killer?”
“Not with the judge’s wife. That one was nasty and personal. I’d say sociopath, plain and simple.”
“That one was confirmed to be Fernando Lopez.”
“With that one exception, the rest could have been done by the same guy. That’s really all I found.”
“Thanks.” Raja was eager to finish up on work-related talk. He prompted Sharon with a few personal questions and spent some time getting to know her.
When it was Sharon’s turn, she asked, “What made you decide to become a private investigator?”
“It seemed like a good way to learn about people.”
“I would imagine you see some of the worst in people during your investigations.”
“You should talk. You see dead people.”
Sharon laughed at the phrase. “Yes, I suppose it is all relative. For me, I am solving a puzzle, completing a picture. It just happens to involve a dead body. On the plus side, there is never any disappointment. They are already dead. But you, on the other hand.” She paused.
“Plenty of room to fail, I know. Sometimes I do.” Raja thought about how that didn’t matter to him. His father had told him stories of the revolution in Cuba. How Castro and the freedom fighters said they fought to stop the starvation and sickness that claimed so many lives. Then after the bloody military coup took over the country, the purging began. Rioters tore down the homes of the wealthy, and dragged their dead bodies through the streets. Those who got out could do little to help those trapped on the island but pray for their immortal souls. The survivor’s guilt had left Raja’s father empty inside for the remainder of his life.
Seeing the toll on his father made Raja realize that a man could be haunted as much by what he did not do as he could by what he did do. Perhaps more so. Raja decided that he would be an active force for justice and would use his resources to help others in need.
“You take the bad with the good,” said Raja. “I get to help people. That makes it all worthwhile.”
After the meal, they walked along Georgia Street outside the hotel.
Sharon stopped and asked, “So, Raja, am I here more as a pathologist or as a woman?”
“Busted,” he said, leaning in for a kiss. Mid the passionate embrace that followed, Raja’s phone beeped once. He ignored it until a female voice from the phone said, “It’s Vinny.” Vinny had programmed Raja’s phone with her voice as the ring from her number.
“Cute,” said Sharon.
Raja winced. “I better take this,” he said.
“Vinny, hey, what do you need?”
“Sorry to interrupt, boss. I just got a message from Detective Rafferty. Says he has some information you are going to want. He called it a game-changer.” Vinny couldn’t resist any longer. “So, how’s your date going?”
“Good, until now, thanks. I’ll call Rafferty.” Raja ended the call. He looked at Sharon, and said defensively, “It’s about the case.”
“Uh-huh. Well, look, I should be going anyway.”
“Wait. I just need to call Tommy. He has some important news.”
“That’s okay. You go ahead.” Sharon started to walk away. Raja looked disappointed until Sharon turned and said, “I had a great time, by the way. Thanks.”
Raja watched her walk off, making a winner out of the dress she was wearing. After she turned the corner, Raja called Detective Rafferty. “Hey, Tommy. What’s up?”
“I might have something for you,” said Rafferty. He sounded excited. “I just got a call from one of my techies. He recovered remnants of some emails that were on Jennifer Gowan’s hard drive. From the looks of the data, she and the governor were knocking boots, and on more than one occasion. The man identified himself as ARBY, but coming from the governor’s computer—ARBY, R-B, Robert Black.”
“I get it, Tommy.”
“Well get this. Turns out Jennifer was a registered porn actress. You’ll never guess what her stage name was?”
“Cherry Long,” said Raja, without any doubt.
“Yes. How did you know that? You know, you could have just played along.”
“Sorry, Tommy. Blame it on Vinny. She doesn’t miss much. Can you pull the governor in for questioning, or get a search warrant?”
“Hell no. A sitting governor? That’s a good one. We do have a motive, but we don’t have anything concrete to connect the governor to the girl’s death,” said Rafferty. “Without more, there is no way I can go after the governor.”
“And, you won’t find anything.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence. By the way, I’m starting to think you are holding out on me.”
“It’s not like that, Tommy. There is a real pro at work here. No crime signature, no loose ends, no evidence.”
“That’s why I’m giving this information to you. You have more leeway. Maybe you can make use of it.”
“I will. I need a favor. I’m getting worried about Clarice Hope. Any chance you could send someone to check on her? I sent her to lie low at her ranch outside Santa Barbara. But she’s not the type to stay put for long.”
“I’ll see what I can do.”
“Thanks, Tommy.”
After the phone call, Raja paced back and forth on the sidewalk. The governor was deep in the middle of this whole mess. But Raja still didn’t know what or who or why. It was time to up the ante. He called Vinny.
“Hey, I’m sorry I had to intrude on your date, dude,” said Vinny. “It seemed important.”
“You did the right thing, Vinny. Sharon had to leave anyway.”
“And I was sure you would get lucky.”
“We had a nice dinner.”
“Sounds boring. So, what did you find out from Detective Rafferty?”
“I’ve decided it’s time we go see the governor.”
“You are kidding, right? You do remember that the last visit almost got you killed.”
“The governor has motive. He was sleeping with Jennifer slash Cherry Long. It looks like Charlie Sheen is not the only one who favors porn stars as bedmates.”
“That is amazeballs.”
“Perhaps, but now we go to see the governor. We should ask him about his relationship with Cherry Long.”
“This should be ripe.”
“You doubt my tact?”
“Doubt? No. You have absolutely no tact. It’s your tactic, I question.”
“Just tell me where to find the governor, please.”
Vinny went to work with her computer. “That won’t be hard. The governor will be in downtown Los Angeles tomorrow at noon giving a speech at a Chamber of Commerce luncheon.”
“Perfect. I’ll be home in fifteen minutes. I’m going to need my beauty sleep. Tomorrow is going to be a big day.”
Chapter Twenty: Operation All In
Raja woke to the smell of his favorite French roast coffee brewing in the kitchen area. He closed his eyes and touched his lips, recalling the kiss with Sharon from the night before, and almost drifted back to sleep.
When the image faded, he opened his eyes and saw the clear blue sky through the extensive skylight that ran the entire length of the twenty-foot arched ceiling. Space was the valued commodity. Despite covering over three thousand square feet, the expansive loft had almost no interior walls anywhere. Raja had a thing about that. He considered walls as unnecessary barriers between people. There was one switchable glass partition for bathroom privacy that could be turned nearly opaque. The bedrooms were nothing more than raised platforms without walls, and were accessed by spiral stairs.
Vinny came up the staircase holding a cup of coffee and singing, “You got to get up, you got to get up, you got up this morning,” all to the tune of reveille.
What usually annoyed Raja only made him smile.
When she got to the top she said, “Rise and shine. Time to get up, soldier.”
“Have you been playing Soulcaliber again?” asked Raja. Soulcaliber was a fighting video game featuring badass female warriors, and it was one of Vinny’s favorites.
“Too easy. I hacked into a new game still under development in Korea that features special forces combat teams. Much more fun, warts and all.”
“Hoo-rah,” said Raja.
“True dat.”
Breakfast gave Vinny a chance to tease Raja about his date.
“So, you and Sharon,” she said.
“What’s wrong with that?” Raja had been expecting a tease.
“Nothing. She is nice.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean she’s nice.”
“Well, I think so.”
Vinny laughed. “You are just too easy.”
 “Let’s go,” said Raja. “You drive.”
Vinny drove them to the Westin Bonaventure Hotel in downtown LA.
“So, what is the governor’s speech about?” asked Raja.
“He’s giving an award to the Chamber of Commerce, and a pep talk to key SoCal business leaders. It’s a celebration of the first two consecutive quarters of growth from the business sector in SoCal in the last five years.”
“Doesn’t sound like much to party about.”
“In the desert, an old wet rag tastes delicious. In this economic climate, the governor needs any good news he can muster.”
“Yes, I suppose it is a rare chance for him to make some political hay on the economy.”
Vinny pulled up to the hotel on South Figueroa Street. Outside, press photographers crowded the entrance, held back by private security men. The governor’s attendance made it a major event. There were already rumors floating of his possible run for president in the next election cycle. A valet took the car and handed Vinny a ticket.
Inside the building, temporary metal detectors hid behind tall potted plants on either side of the doorway to the hall. Raja and Vinny breezed through. Serious men in tight suits and military cuts watched the crowd from the wings. Once inside the hall at the luncheon, Raja looked for the governor. He had already given his speech and was circulating among VIP tables in that perpetual campaign mode politicians are in most of the time these days. Close to the front dais, Raja spotted the governor’s aide, Stanley Bryce, hovering and watching the governor’s every move. Vinny hung back, while Raja worked his way over to Bryce.
“Mr. Williams. I see you are still in town,” said Bryce. He couldn’t hide the disappointment in his voice. “I was glad to hear you walked away from your automobile accident unharmed. Mulholland Drive can be treacherous, especially at night.”
If there was any treachery, it was staring Raja in the face. Raja was still mad about his car. He wanted to smack the little weasel, but checked himself. Somehow keeping it together, Raja said, “There is a short story I’d like to share with you.”
“As you can see, we are busy.”
“Too busy for a tale of romance and intrigue?”
“What are you talking about?” asked Bryce.
“I’m talking about the governor and Cherry Long exchanging body fluids.” 
“Who?”
“Cherry Long. You might know her as Jennifer Gowan.”
“Never heard of either one.”
“Nice try, but the email traffic tells a different story.”
“That’s ridiculous. Anyone can fake emails.” The vein in Bryce’s neck throbbed.
“I just thought you should know that the girl was murdered.”
“The governor will deny any connection, period. And, you better watch your step. You don’t know who you are messing with.” Bryce was losing it.
“A threat. Attaboy.” Raja smiled and waved to the governor who looked up from glad-handing patrons at another table. Then Raja walked away, leaving Bryce to fume alone.
Raja found Vinny by the dessert table, sampling the strawberry cheesecake. “I just dropped what I hope is alarming news on the governor’s aide,” he said. “Now we find out who has the most to lose. Let’s go.”
“I don’t like it when you play chicken, boss,” said Vinny.
“And I don’t like when you call me boss.”
“Calling you boss won’t get either of us killed.”
“You’ve made your point. Let’s move on.”
The two left the way they had come in. Neither noticed the attractive blond who snapped both their pictures while they waited for the valet to bring around their car.
Chapter Twenty-one: Red Riding Hood
As was her habit since being at her ranch outside Santa Barbara, Clarice took a morning ride on one of her stallions. Today she chose Mister Ed, a gorgeous purebred cream palomino much like the one from the original television series, and trotted onto the path in the woods that ran along the north edge of her property and up into the foothills beyond. Once out in the open, Clarice urged the beautiful horse into higher speed. With the hooded red riding cape flying behind her, the scene could have been from a fantasy story.
Clarice certainly needed some escape. The rhythm of a steady canter soothed her soul, and Clarice imagined that the wind in her face could blow away her troubles. After a refreshing ride, she slowed her gait on the return trip, and dismounted near the edge of the woods to check one of the horse’s hooves for a burr. A loud snap startled Clarice, and the palomino snorted and began sidestepping nervously.
“Easy, boy. Easy, now,” said Clarice, her own nerves jangling as she surveyed the terrain. Despite the feeling she had of being watched, there was no one in sight. Once the horse settled down, Clarice swung up into the saddle and galloped out of the woods and back to the barn. She wished the ranch manager Joe was there, but he was still visiting his daughter in San Diego for another few days. Clarice put the horse into his stall, quickly dumped oats in his feed bucket and hurried down the stone path to the house.
“Nothing to worry about,” she said out loud, trying hard to convince herself. “You’re just a little stir crazy, that’s all.” The truth was, she was lonely without Randy. The thought of never seeing him again brought tears to her eyes. She sat by the front window staring out at nothing. Too absorbed in her grief, Clarice never saw the faint red glow from the end of a cigarette at the edge of the woods only twenty yards from the front of the house.
Chapter Twenty-two: Underdog
Raja loved the Tampa Bay Rays baseball team. He never missed a home game when he was in Clearwater. He had box seats right behind the home dugout. Despite a total payroll budget equal to that of one Yankee star, the Rays were making waves, even getting to the World Series one year. For Raja, it was all about the underdog, all about leveling the playing field for the decent people who played by the rules. Sometimes they needed a helping hand.
That’s why Raja liked baseball so much. The batter is a decided underdog each and every time he steps into the batter’s box. The odds are 2 to 1 against him getting a hit, but when he does, sweetness reigns.
“I’ve been thinking about the case, Vinny,” said Raja.
“No doubt.”
“We know these deaths are not random, despite appearances. We also know that whoever is behind them is leaving no stone unturned to cover his tracks. There must be a linchpin.”
“A what?”
“A linchpin. Something or someone to tie everything together. This whole time I’ve been thinking we have too many deaths. Too many dead bodies confusing the issue. What if that’s not the problem at all? What if it’s not enough deaths?”
“I don’t follow.”
“What if there’s another death we don’t yet have on our grid.”
“You already had me look for other deaths at the time Randall Hope died. We didn’t find any.”
“Yes, but perhaps we did not look early enough. I’m betting we need to go earlier.”
Vinny re-configured her search program to scan all the news site archives going another two months earlier. After eliminating the obviously unrelated deaths, she still had more than two hundred for Raja to review.
Raja studied the glass screen as Vinny flipped slowly through each one. There were plenty of violent deaths, but this guy liked subtle. Something grabbed Raja’s attention.
“Hold on,” said Raja. “Go back.”
Vinny reversed direction.
“There. The bombing.”
Vinny pulled up a major story on a suspected terrorist bombing of a Starbucks in LA over a month ago.
“Clever boy, hiding your work in plain sight. Who died in that explosion?” he asked Vinny.
“There were six people killed.” Vinny pulled up the list of names.
Raja studied it. The CEO from a solar tech company piqued his interest momentarily, but he might just have liked the Starbucks Breakfast Blend. Nothing else stood out.
“What about injured?” asked Raja.
Vinny worked her computer. “Says twelve people were injured, but nowhere do I see the names.”
“We need to find those names.”
Chapter Twenty-three: Meet the Press
When the tall brunette climbed out of the small Honda to stretch her legs and walked into the corner Seven Eleven store for a bathroom run, every pair of nearby male eyes noticed. Several minutes later she came out and climbed back into her car. The eyes were waiting, and followed her every step, but she was too tired to notice. She had already spent a week sitting on a very thin lead to a story that probably would never get aired.
As she watched the Starbucks cafe across the street, her thoughts drifted to how she had ended up there. She knew she was perfect for television reporting. Her attractive and intelligent face worked well in front of the camera in the studio. And, at five-eight, she was leggy enough to look good during the full-body, reporter-in-the-street shots, as well as being the perfect height to interview either gender. She just needed to be taken seriously. Her problem had always been her name. She had even considered changing it.
Sue Storm got a lot of ribbing about her name for multiple reasons. When she had started doing weather at Channel 9 in Cleveland everyone assumed she had made up the name for the job. However, after three years of pointing at a green-screen map and predicting rain or sun, she finally got a break. Once she had moved on to serious reporting, her name became a non-issue. When an opportunity opened up in the bigger Los Angeles market, she jumped, despite having to start at the bottom on the back lines in research. Ambition could be a bitch.
A month after she arrived at the Los Angeles station, the Fantastic Four movie hit the theaters nationwide. It popularized four comic book superheroes, one of whom happened to be named Sue Storm, and the jokes started again. At the station they called her the invisible woman, because the comic book Sue Storm had the superpower of invisibility. Ironically, the only invisibility the reporter Sue Storm managed was languishing in the research department while hoping to break into the good old boys club of serious news reporting. It wasn’t the superpower anyone might hope for.
When an anonymous call came in late one Friday afternoon claiming to have information on a solar company, all the other investigative reporters had blown it off, mostly due to an Angels game they were going to that day.
Sue took the call at her desk. The caller ID had been blocked.
“This is Sue Storm. I understand you have information we might want. Something about the solar energy industry?”
“I don’t know if you’ll want it or not, but I do know there is a major problem with some of the technical aspects of a new solar battery in development.”
“How is that news?” asked Sue. She sounded bored.
“It is news because the failure rate in the test results has been deliberately skewed.”
“Go ahead.” Mild interest now. Green energy was big business in California and a lot was riding on it economically for the state. Sue listened carefully, deciding the voice was male, probably around forty, and college educated.
Soon the voice started to speed up, spouting technical words and numbers.
“Hold on, hold on,” said Sue. “Let’s back this up a bit. What’s your name?” After an empty pause she said, “Hello?”
The call was over.
The tripe she had been assigned by her boss showed no promise, so Sue spent an afternoon doing research on solar batteries and the energy companies that used them. She went back over the data from the mysterious phone call. So far it seemed the voice on the phone, who she had dubbed Solarman, knew his stuff when it came to solar batteries. There were major players in both the wind and solar industries that used batteries to store energy. In solar, other than the panels to collect the sun’s energy, the storage batteries were the critical components. All the new electric cars needed effective storage batteries to be practical, as well.
Sue didn’t hear from Solarman for another two weeks. Then a call came in asking for her by name.
“You’ve got Sue Storm. How can I help you?”
“I have more data you should have,” said the voice on the phone.
Sue recognized it immediately as Solarman. Strong interest, now. “Yes, yes. I would like that very much.” She didn’t want to scare him off again, and decided to dial it back to a passive approach. “How would you like to proceed?” she asked.
“I want to make something clear. I cannot be linked to this under any circumstances. I will deny everything in the event you try to pull me into any open investigation.”
“Agreed. But, why is that? You are doing the right thing.”
“This isn’t open for discussion.”
“Right. No names. How about I call you Solarman?” There was a soft chuckle on the other end. She was making a much needed connection.
“Solarman. That will do,” he said, sounding satisfied. “There are many companies involved in solar development and battery storage. I only have direct access to one.”
“What company?” Sue had trouble being passive.
“We’ll get to that in time. I want you to understand I’m not some disgruntled employee who feels overlooked or underpaid.”
“Of course not,” said Sue, trying to be agreeable.
“Don’t patronize me.”
Sue said nothing. The command factor in Solarman’s voice told her this was no low level employee.
“Most of the companies are vying for government money. There are many billions of dollars involved. A small shift in tested success rates or specs on a key component could be a deal maker—or breaker. Our battery has been scheduled for use with several top energy companies. But it never met the spec requirements. Not even close. Yet, somehow the reported test results have been on spec.”
“How do you know that?”
“The Department of Energy has to approve all proposals. When two other companies applied for interest-free grants, our battery specs were included, but at much higher, more favorable, levels. I only found out due to a DOE memo that came in requesting a hard copy of some test results. When I checked into it, all our data files had been skewed and the original results were long gone.”
“Someone in your research department?”
“That’s what I thought, at first. But, this didn’t originate inside the company. We were hacked. Someone else has been manipulating the results. And, I’m afraid we may not be the only company targeted.”
Over the next month Sue spoke to Solarman on five different occasions. She figured out the company he worked for, but not his name. All attempts to trace him had failed. He had been using public WiFi access from various locations for all calls and data transmission. Sue had proposed a story to the editor, but, with Solarman remaining anonymous, the editor insisted on outside confirmation before he would use it.
“Get me his name or get me someone else to confirm the data. Otherwise you’ve got nothing,” the editor had said.
After weeks of cat and mouse, Solarman finally slipped up by using the same Starbucks cafe for one of his calls a second time. Sue had told her editor she had a lead on who he was, and had gone out to watch the cafe.
Here she was, on the fifth straight day of her stakeout. As she watched the parade of people coming in and out of the cafe, Sue made a game out of guessing which one was Solarman. She thought it might be the bald, fat man with the pug dog in tow. What looked like a computer case turned out to be a binder of wallpaper and paint samples he was considering to redecorate his apartment. A young man with glasses and a backpack fit the bill, but he was a student from the local community college studying for exams.
Just after lunch, a neatly dressed man with a salt and pepper business cut strolled into the cafe, piquing her interest. He carried a laptop, and fit her mental mockup for Solarman to a T. Five minutes later her phone rang. She had arranged her office calls to be forwarded to her cell. She could see the man inside wearing a headset and sitting in front of a laptop. Adrenalin jacked up her heart rate. It had to be him.
“Sue Storm,” she said with bated breath.
“It’s me,” said the familiar voice she knew as Solarman.
Sue couldn’t wait any longer. She stepped out of her car and walked directly toward the cafe, still talking on the phone. She was so intent on the man inside, she almost walked into a cab that had pulled over in front of her as she crossed the street. She leaned over to say something nasty to the driver when a loud explosion blew all the glass out of the cafe windows and rocked the cab. The blast wind concussion wave knocked her brutally to the ground. As she lay there, the image of the man in the cafe flashed through her mind. A heavy sadness settled over her when she realized she would never meet Solarman face to face. Sue decided to forgive the cab driver who had rudely cut her off. After all, he had saved her life. Then everything went dark.
Chapter Twenty-four: Invisible
Sue Storm had been lucky. The use of Semtex in the Starbucks bombing had been devastating, killing Solarman and everyone else inside the cafe. Semtex was a military grade explosive with a nasty blast radius. However, other than a severe concussion, a cracked rib and a few scrapes and bruises she had survived in one piece.
Homeland Security and the FBI had been all over the bombing investigation. The Feds had interviewed Sue in the hospital, but she withheld any mention of why she was at the Starbucks that day. She wasn’t going to lose the story that could make her career as a journalist. After a day in the hospital for observation, Sue decided to take a few weeks off and, without telling anyone, went to her sister’s in Monterey to recover from her injuries.
The fed’s investigation dead-ended, and after a public funeral service to pay homage to the victims of the bombing, the Starbucks story moved to the back page. A small obituary piece revealed that the man Sue called Solarman had been one John Smiley, the CEO of a small tech company in the valley developing solar batteries for commercial use.
When Sue returned to the TV station in LA, she had a pile of messages and voice mails waiting. There were the usual perfunctory get-well cards from acquaintances, and several heartfelt voice mails from friends. Two had been from Randy Hope, a tennis player with whom Sue had a brief romance in college. She puzzled over why he called until, on his second message, he mentioned something about fraud. When she called the number he left, it was no longer in service. She reached his home number, and found out from the housekeeper that Randy had died only two days after his last call to her. Sue immediately left the television station and did not return. It was time to use her superpower.
Chapter Twenty-five: Linchpin
When the feds had taken over the Starbucks bombing investigation, they slammed a tight lid over most information on the case, including the names of the injured parties. As with most police investigations, everyone is a suspect until they are not. Add a bomb, and the feds see terrorists behind every tree. It’s reminiscent of the communist scare during the McCarthy era. Only now it’s not just a few luckless individuals hauled in front of Congressional hearings or being blacklisted. Now we have the Patriot Act. Any citizen can suffer the indignity of getting groped at the airport, or having their phone or internet or banking monitored while the fact is kept secret under the omnipresent blanket of protecting national security. Ironically, Stalin would have approved.
Getting anything but cursory information on the Starbucks bombing incident required tunneling into government files. Luckily, Vinny was intimately familiar with the government communication systems from her days working for the feds. For Vinny, it was like taking candy from a baby. She got the list and showed it to Raja.
“You find anything of interest?” asked Raja, as he looked over the names.
“That’s a big ten-four, Bubba. One of the injured bystanders was a girl working for the local TV news department. Her office number showed up on Randy Hope’s call records.”
“I think we just found our linchpin. What’s her name?”
“Sue Storm.”
“That name sounds familiar. How do I contact her?”
“There you may have a problem,” said Vinny. “Sue Storm has disappeared for all intents and purposes. I find no trace of her starting about three weeks back.”
“Looks like she went into hiding after the bombing.”
“Can you blame her?”
“Not a bit, considering it may be the only reason she is still alive—if she is. Vinny, we need to find her.”
“I’m running facial recognition in present time in the Greater Los Angeles area. It’s slow, but we might pick her up. Of course, she could have gone anywhere in or out of the country.”
“She was on to a story big enough to get people killed. If she’s like any of the reporters I know, she won’t be able to give that up so easily,” said Raja. “Let’s assume she’s still here.”
“Concur.”
“If you put Sue Storm at the center of our case, what does our diagram look like?”
Vinny manipulated the computer screen. The program created a diagram that now looked like a planet with two smaller moons. Sue Storm was being orbited by Judge Griggsby and Governor Black.
“There’s our friend the governor again,” said Raja. “As little as I like politicians, this is definitely not helping. I may never vote again.”
Chapter Twenty-six: Pay It Forward
Vinny did everything she could to search for Sue Storm, but found no trace of her. Sue had a head start in doing her disappearing act. And, being a reporter, she knew all the tricks to find someone, and how not to be found, as well.
Raja decided it was time to get Vinny some help. He would look up a friend and former client, Akeen Patel.
While the phone was ringing, Raja remembered a quote from Martin Luther King, “The ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of comfort and convenience, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy.” Raja had seen Akeen Patel in just such a circumstance. They had first met as classmates at Oxford. Three years after graduating, Raja had gotten a desperate call from Akeen. His family had been stuck in Afghanistan when the Taliban took over. It was before the American military had returned. While the Taliban had succeeded in stopping the opium production for the first time in a century, it was only by beheading anyone found near a poppy plant. Their scorched earth policy also extended to outsiders, and especially to people of different faith. Akeen’s family members, who were Hindus from Pakistan, were hiding in the hills during one of the bloody ethnic purges the Taliban were conducting.
Raja had flown immediately into Pakistan and from there requisitioned a small plane to attempt a rescue. There was no easy place to land in the mountainous Afghan terrain, but somehow, as soldiers swept through the hills, Akeen’s father had managed to light enough torches for Raja to persuade the pilot of the small plane to land. Akeen’s family crowded into the plane as soon as it was down. They were about to take off when Akeen’s mother spoke rapidly in their Hindi dialect. Before Raja could ask what she said, Akeen leaped to the ground and ran off into the darkness. Raja suppressed the urge to yell after him. The lights of the searching Taliban soldiers were getting too close. Raja waited until the last possible moment, and reluctantly gave the order to start the plane.
At that moment, Akeen staggered out of the darkness, carrying an old man who was too sick to walk unaided. A stranger who had been hiding near Akeen’s family, he was a Muslim cleric who had fallen into disfavor for questioning the Taliban leaders, and who would have been tortured and killed by the soldiers once found. Akeen’s mother had simply asked Akeen to help the old man, which he did without question or hesitation.
The plane flew out of Afghanistan under a hail of bullets and arrived back in Pakistan. Akeen had been eternally grateful to Raja for saving his family. Perhaps now it was time for Akeen to pay it forward.
“Hello.”
Raja recognized Akeen’s voice. “Akeen, it’s Raja Williams.”
“Raja, my friend.” Akeen’s tone brightened considerably. “How are you?”
“Doing well. I’m on a case in Los Angeles.”
“Helping someone in trouble, of that I am sure.”
“Trying to. I’ve run into a stop.”
“How can I help? You never did let me pay you for all that you did for me and my family.”
“Perhaps now is the time,” said Raja. He explained the situation briefly, and his need to find Sue Storm. He also told Akeen about Vinny, whom Raja had not yet met at the time he helped Akeen’s family.
Vinny had two problems. One, she needed to get into the NSA’s highly-protected data storage. Many of the feeds from security cameras around the country were on loop programs that erased and recorded over the video after a set, relatively short period of time. Only the NSA had the capacity to maintain full recordings from all sources, which they did. And two, although Vinny was a genius savant with computer code, there were some places even Vinny couldn’t breach. The NSA had been building supercomputer complexes for years—billions of dollars worth of storage and computing power. It wasn’t that their technicians were smarter than Vinny. They weren’t even close. But they were faster than Vinny because they had computing power at their command beyond anything else on the planet. Hacking their system was like digging into dry sand. You could dig, but the sand would fill the hole faster than you could scoop it out. Their lightning-fast, redundant security program could close any hole before a hacker could access information. Nearly infinite computing power and speed simply outmatched what Vinny had available to her. That is, unless she could pool enough power from enough sources simultaneously.
That’s where Akeen came in. He had left Pakistan after rescuing his family and made his fortune in Silicon Valley by developing an architecture for utilizing satellites to transmit computing power over long distances without the usual bandwidth limitations. It had revolutionized outsourcing and partly leveled the playing field for independents like Wikileaks.
“You aren’t asking me to hack the NSA, are you?” asked Akeen.
“No, of course not,” said Raja. “Could you? No. Never mind. I was hoping you could somehow supercharge Vinny so she could do her thing and find our missing person. No crimes, no hacking, no trouble for you.”
“I wish it were that simple. Since 9/11, there are monitors to monitor the monitors that monitor those who monitor. Regardless of how removed I remain, there will be consequences. However, I will do as you ask. I can do nothing less.”
“Thanks, Akeen.” Raja admired Akeen and recognized him as that rare being with a fully developed sense of integrity. “Tell me what you need.”
“I’ll need to speak to Vinny.”
Chapter Twenty-seven: The Policeman Only Rings Once
Clarice paced across the bearskin rug that covered the floor in the spacious living area of her Santa Barbara ranch house. She stopped and looked down at the head of the bear, with its open mouth full of sharp teeth and those cold glass eyes. It was one of few remaining tokens of her first husband. She never liked that rug or the violence it represented.
There was a loud knock on the front door.
Clarice jumped, her nerves already on edge. She raced to the door and peered through a gap in the side curtain. A uniformed policeman stood patiently, squinting under the bright porch light. She quickly unbolted and opened the door. “Am I glad you’re here. I think someone has been following me.”
“If you want, I can take a look around.”
“Yes, do come in.” Clarice turned and walked to the bar. “Did Raja send you?” she asked over her shoulder while she poured a snifter of cognac from a crystal bottle.
The policeman stepped through the doorway, peered left and right and then drew his weapon. A loud bang echoed from behind Clarice that made her jump. She whirled around just in time to see the policeman pitch forward like a felled tree. Her glass slid from her hand and shattered on the floor a second after the policeman hit the ground. Clarice looked down at the golden liquid running along a seam in the floor tile and thought about going to the kitchen for a towel. Then she slowly raised her head.
Standing in the doorway was the blond-haired man she had noticed in town, in his hand a smoking pistol that pointed right at her.
Clarice tried to scream, but a tiny squeak like the air from a leaky balloon was all that came out. Then she fainted onto the bearskin rug.
Chapter Twenty-eight: Dueling Hard Drives
Much like two computers that establish an interface in order to communicate, Vinny and Akeen tuned in to each other for the task at hand. After a half an hour of geek-speak, Vinny’s tunneling program coupled to Akeen’s power grid got them into the NSA data files undetected. In addition to being immediately discovered, the search Vinny was attempting would have taken weeks or months without sufficient computing power. The problem with finding someone who doesn’t want to be found is having only the most general inputs to use as search parameters. Sue could change her appearance in many ways. That left only non-unique markers that allowed millions of matches and required multiple samplings. The computing power diverted through Akeen’s unique program allowed Vinny to narrow the search to fifty thousand possibilities within an hour. However, no amount of power could narrow the search any further without more specific input. Vinny had none. Her frustration was showing.
Akeen spoke to her through the live video call they had established between their computers. “Do you need more power?” he asked.
“No. That’s not the problem. You’ve got me jacked up on steroids already. In the immortal words of Number Five, I need input. After eliminating data like hair or eye color that can easily be altered or hidden, I’m left with certain measurements that can’t be changed. The problem is, those are rather general, leaving over fifty thousand matches. I tried matching anything like credit cards, IDs, family, facial recognition or habit patterns. I got next to nothing. Without something more to match up to, I still have thirty-seven thousand identities in the Greater Los Angeles area alone. So, if Sue avoids the usual markers, which she obviously is doing, I can’t narrow the search. We need something special, something unique to Sue Storm. I’ve dug up every bit and byte on her going back to before her birth. Nothing has hit.”
“You need something unique, right?”
“Yes.”
“So let’s forget about her past. What is unique about her in the present?”
Vinny looked at the idea. “O-M-G. I can’t believe it.” She fiddled on the computer.
“What?” asked Akeen from the screen.
“Wait for it.”
“What?” repeated Raja.
“Wait for it.”
The search results counter number on the screen was dropping—twenty thousand, ten thousand, then one thousand. Still, it kept counting down until it finally stopped at one.
“Bam shizzaam,” said Vinny.
There was only one match.
A picture with a blurred out of focus face appeared on the screen. The computer analyzed the image for every possible detail. Then other images and data files began flashing up onto the screen as the program now called up everything it could find on that one identity. Finally a clear photo of a woman with short blond hair and sunglasses settled on the screen.
“What just happened?” asked Raja.
“You are looking at Sue Storm,” said Vinny.
“That doesn’t look at all like her,” said Raja, peering at the screen. “How can you be sure?”
“Oh, I’m sure, bro. It was something Akeen said. What is unique about her now. I was doing my search ass-backward, looking for specific matching data to narrow the search. Because Sue is hiding so well, I found almost nothing. But, since only one of those thirty-seven thousand people is trying not to be found, all the rest of them would have other data available—IDs, money transactions, cards, facial recognition from security cameras, etc. So, a simple Boolean exclusion function eliminated them.”
“Nice work, Vinny. You found the needle.”
Raja looked to the small window on the screen with Akeen’s face. “And thank you, Akeen.”
“My pleasure. Nice to meet you, Vinny.”
“Ditto.”
“Now, I’m afraid all hell is going to break loose,” said Akeen. “I better go and see if I can cover my tracks.” Akeen’s face disappeared from the screen.
“And now we find Sue Storm,” said Raja.
Chapter Twenty-nine: Cop Killer
Early on Tuesday morning, a call came in from Detective Rafferty. “Raja, I got a phone call from the Santa Barbara police department. Apparently, there is a crime scene out at Clarice Hope’s ranch.”
“Is she okay?” asked Raja.
“Other than a case of hysterics, she appears to be unharmed. I can’t say the same for the policeman lying dead in her living room.”
“Did you say policeman?”
“That’s what the cops thought when they got there. There was a patrol car parked outside. The dead guy was dressed in a patrolman’s uniform and shot through the heart from behind. Turns out his prints matched a suspected contract killer working out of Detroit. They are still looking for the patrolman who belongs to the uniform.”
“Did Clarice say what happened?”
“She says there was a blond man who shot him in the back.”
“Did she get a good look at him?”
“No. She only glimpsed him for a moment in her doorway. Saw mostly gun. She must have fainted. When she woke up, he was gone. The police found no trace of him when they arrived.”
“Sounds like Clarice was lucky the guy showed up when he did.”
“Yes, luck, that’s what it was.”
“Well, I’m just glad Clarice is okay. Will the Santa Barbara police keep an eye on her?”
“They’re going to post someone at the ranch until they can locate the blond guy.”
“Thanks, Tommy. Let me know if you hear anything else.”
“You, too.” Rafferty was a good cop. He suspected Raja knew more than he was saying. He was right.
Chapter Thirty: The Invisible Woman Returns
Now that Vinny had a bead on Sue Storm, it was only a matter of time before she found the reporter. Vinny ran her search programs full time, tracking all images and data they had accumulated. As it turned out Sue was hiding right under their noses in Los Angeles.
“I’ve got fresh video,” said Vinny.
“How recent?” asked Raja.
“Less than an hour ago.”
“Where?”
“Santa Monica.”
“Let’s go,” ordered Raja. Within three minutes, they were flying down the 405 freeway in the red Ferrari.
“Can we track her from the car?”
“You bet.” Vinny was locked in on her iPad screen. “No other sign of her since she entered a coffee shop on Montana Avenue near 10th called Le Cafe. She must be in there.”
Raja downshifted to make the Santa Monica Boulevard exit ramp, and then they tooled along Montana Avenue, keeping an eye out for any sign of Sue Storm.
“Well?” asked Raja.
“Still nothing.”
Raja spotted the shop and pulled over. A dirty, homeless woman sat on the bench picking at something in the tangled mess of her hair. A group of teens hanging on the sidewalk ogled the sports car as Raja and Vinny walked toward the shop door.
“Don’t even think about it,” warned Raja, chirping the alarm.
The teens showed their palms in a gesture of innocence as Vinny and Raja entered Le Cafe coffee shop. At a small corner table, several Eastern European men were sipping Turkish coffee from demitasse cups. Sue was nowhere in sight. A young man in a green apron was wiping the counter. Vinny showed him the picture on her iPad.
“I remember her,” said the clerk. “She was just here a little while ago. She was in the bathroom for a long time, and then I didn’t see her. She must have left by the back door.” He pointed to the back.
Raja raced to the door, but Sue was long gone. He and Vinny surveyed the back alley.
“I don’t know how I lost her.” Vinny was frustrated. She did not like to lose.
“No cameras out here,” said Raja. “Plus, she must have had transportation waiting in the alley.”
“I’ll review video from the area and I’m sure I can pick up a lead.”
Back inside the shop, Raja pumped the clerk for any information he had. Sue had bought a newspaper and a cup of coffee, and sat down to use the WiFi briefly. That was all the clerk remembered.
Raja and Vinny walked back out of the coffee shop and to the Ferrari. No one had touched it. As they drove off, neither of them noticed the homeless woman trudging slowly up Santa Monica a block from the coffee shop, and if they had, neither would have recognized Sue Storm. Sue prided herself on keeping a well-groomed look, so it went against her nature to be out in public with so wretched an appearance. However, a girl has to do what a girl has to do.
A mile from the coffee shop, Raja said, “I don’t understand what just happened. Is it possible she knows we are on to her?”
“Could be.” Vinny showed him a picture of the homeless woman. “I checked every possible angle around that shop. That bag lady is the only person unaccounted for who could be Sue Storm.”
Raja studied the photo. “She is good.” He wondered why Sue took the chance of being discovered. The answer came later that night, after Vinny and Raja had returned to the Studio City loft. Vinny’s iPad lit up, and a live message appeared on the screen. Vinny grabbed her iPad.
The message read, “Hello, Vinny.” The sender was identified only as IW.
“Who is this?” Vinny typed in return.
“The invisible woman. Let’s leave it at that. I thought we might have some things to talk about.”
It was Sue Storm. “Raja, come here. Quick as a bunny.”
“Now what are you doing?” asked Raja, without moving. He wasn’t in the mood to fool around.
“Talking to Sue Storm,” Vinny said calmly.
Two seconds later Raja was at Vinny’s side, peering over her shoulder. “Is it really her?”
“No doubt, boss. I’d bet your left nut on it.”
“Why am I not reassured.”
“Seriously, it is her. What do you want me to say?”
“Let me see. We better ask her what she wants.”
Vinny typed the question.
Sue responded, “The same thing you want—justice. By the way, is Raja Williams there with you?”
“Yes. He wants to meet with you.”
“Never going to happen. I’m sure you’ve noticed the body count is rising. I’d rather not contribute, if you don’t mind.”
“Okay, good point,” said Vinny. “So what do we do?”
“I have been watching you. And gathering intel on my own. I think we can help one another.”
“Help is good,” typed Vinny.
“Let’s start by sharing some information. I’m going to send you some files. Then we can talk.”
The live message ended. Several compressed files arrived on Vinny’s iPad. She forwarded them immediately to her new computer. A few flicks to the touchscreen opened a list of the files. Vinny extracted them all. The largest file centered on a solar battery company called Solex Industries, and its dead CEO John Smiley. Much of the information was technical in nature.
There were also other documents about SEC filings having to do with stock options, IPOs and a number of companies, including several lists of investors. The last file was a list of federal grants.
It was a massive amount of information that would require sorting and analyzing. Vinny’s tongue stuck out of the corner of her mouth like it always did in anticipation of an exciting or challenging task. “Raja, I think we have hit the mother lode.”
“Anything on the judge or the governor?”
“I don’t know. I’m just getting started. Do you want me to run a trace on Sue? She thinks I can’t, but I can trace her, boss.”
“No, let’s not spook her now that she has made willing contact. Let’s figure out how she fits into our puzzle.”
Chapter Thirty-one: Claus
Vinny went to work extracting and organizing files and data. One thing was clear. Sue Storm’s story centered around John Smiley, one of the people vaporized in the Starbucks bombing. It was safe to assume that he was the target in the bombing. Vinny started a broad internet search of him and his company. While her program was running, the doorbell rang.
Vinny opened the door. A tall serious-faced man with short blond hair stood in the doorway looking down at her. He didn’t blink.
“Claus,” said Vinny, and threw a bear hug around him. He didn’t return the affectionate gesture, but tolerated it, the way a large family guard dog tolerates small children who insist on petting him or pulling on his ears.
Vinny didn’t care. “Come in, come in,” she said, dragging him by the hand. The blond man followed obediently.
“Look who is here,” said Vinny.
Raja had been rightfully concerned about Clarice, and so he had sent someone to watch out for her. His name was Claus von Rachen. Claus was a strange Frankenstein of different cultures. He was an Israeli Jew of Nordic German descent who smoked Syrian cigarettes. His grandfather had been a high-ranking German officer named Otto von Rachen who traced his ancestry all the way back to Charlemagne. Otto married a Jewish woman prior to World War II, and kept his wife’s status hidden as the persecutions against Jewish citizens in Germany grew violent. Then, when she got pregnant, he sacrificed himself to get her out of Germany safely. After the war, she settled in the newly formed State of Israel, and raised Claus’s father on a kibbutz outside of Ashkelon. Claus himself served in the Mossad after training as a sharpshooter in the military, and rumor was that he had killed a sizable number of Hezbollah and Hamas extremists before leaving official service. Of course, rumor was all there was, as Claus never talked about his past. In fact, Claus rarely spoke at all, which was one of the things Raja liked most about him.
The two had first met in Switzerland during an investigation into stolen art and jewelry dating to the Nazi Third Reich of World War II. Raja had been instrumental in recovering personal artifacts that belonged to Claus’s German family. Claus had said only thank you, only once, and then handed Raja a phone number. After that, all Raja had to do was call and Claus would immediately come to his aid. Whenever Raja completed a case he was working on, Claus would mysteriously vanish without so much as a goodbye. Where Claus went and what he did between the times Raja saw him, Raja didn’t know or care to ask. His trust in Claus was beyond compromise.
Claus smoked a cheap brand of non-filter Syrian cigarettes, a habit he had picked up while on covert missions against Hezbollah agents in the Middle East. The cigarettes were as harsh as they come, but well suited to Claus’s stoic nature.
“Look what the cat dragged in,” said Raja. He knew the English idiom would be lost on Claus.
True to form, Claus wondered why Raja referred to Vinny as a cat. Claus said nothing. Raja immediately walked to the bar and poured three shots of Ouzo, Claus’s favorite beverage.
“Skol,” said Claus. He, Raja and Vinny knocked the drinks back in one tilt.
“You killed the assassin, Claus,” said Raja.
“Yes.”
“Now I can’t ask him who he worked for.”
“You told me only to protect the woman.”
Raja could never kid with Claus. He took everything literally. Raja suspected that Claus had no sense of humor. He had never even seen Claus smile. That made him a predictably reliable associate, but not much fun for conversation. “And you did the right thing, of course,” said Raja. “Good work.”
Claus nodded curtly. “Thank you.”
“Please, sit,” said Vinny, pointing to the tan leather couch. Claus sat down, and Vinny crowded right next to him.
“By the way, Claus, I understand the man was in full police uniform and you shot him in the back,” said Raja. “How did you know he wasn’t an actual policeman?”
“The way he walked.”
“The way he walked?”
“Yes.”
“I’m very glad you are on my side, Claus. Thanks again.”
“Welcome.”
A call came in from Detective Rafferty.
“Yes, Tommy, it’s Raja.”
“I have some follow up on the shooting at Clarice Hope’s ranch. Thought you should know. They found a dead patrolman in the bushes a mile away from the ranch. One shot in the head. Stripped of his uniform. He might be another victim of the mysterious blond man.”
Raja looked over at Claus sitting on his couch. “From what you told me, I doubt it,” said Raja. “I’d be willing to bet the ballistics will match the gun from the guy you found in the ranch house wearing the police uniform.”
“And I’m sure I won’t take that bet,” said Rafferty. “You seem to know a lot about this Santa Barbara case.”
“Only what you have told me.”
“Uh-huh. Ask you no questions and you will tell me no lies.”
“Sometimes a wise policy.”
“I figured as much. You should know, there is an APB out on the blond man, whoever he is.”
“I don’t see that as a problem, but I do appreciate your concern.” Claus was as good as they come at blending in and being invisible. He reminded Raja of the performance artists in Europe who are painted to blend into the environment, the ones you never know are there until they move. Without changing his appearance, Claus had the uncanny ability, honed over years of dangerous undercover work, to operate in any environment undetected.
After the phone call ended, Claus was nowhere to be found. Raja looked at Vinny. Although Vinny had suggested Claus stay the night at the loft, she knew it was mere gesture. As expected, Claus had declined with a simple no. And now, like the ghost he was, he disappeared leaving no trace or indication of where he was going.
“Gone,” she said.
As little as Raja actually knew about Claus, he trusted him like a brother. Claus never asked for money, and he always showed up when Raja needed him.
Raja did not know who had sent the killer after Clarice Hope, but it was an overt move that smelled of paranoia and panic. Panic was a good sign in a case like this. It meant he and Vinny were on the right track. Now it was only a matter of time.
Chapter Thirty-two: Fool’s Gold
The next morning Vinny found more files waiting for her on her iPad. After loading them onto her computer, she continued her systematic search and collation of data from the files. When Raja woke up she had already discovered new facts relevant to their case.
“No breakfast?” asked Raja, sleepily, after he stumbled down the staircase. He rubbed his eyes and yawned.
“No time, boss.”
“I see you have been busy,” he said, noting the pile of printouts she had already made. “I meant to ask you how Sue managed to find us.”
“She mirrored my iPad signature,” said Vinny.
“Vinny, are you telling me she hacked you?”
“Hell to the no. Not hacked. She just copied my pathway so she could use it to ping communication back to me without being easily traced. She must have accessed it by using a Bluetooth scanner when we were close to her.”
“How close?”
“Less than one hundred feet.”
“When we went to the coffee shop?”
“That would be my bet. I can track her down, if you would like.”
“Let it go, girl.”
“Okay, what ev. But I’m just saying.”
“I know you are, Vinny. What did you find out so far?”
“This is about money—large quantities of. The company Sue was investigating was an integral part of a host of green energy companies vying for billions in government grants and loans. Not only that, it appears the Chinese have been lining up to invest.”
“That explains the Chinese nationals who were at the governor’s party,” said Raja.
“Sue had just begun to look into campaign finance, as well. You think the Chinese were backing the governor?”
“Wouldn’t surprise me. It would be a good way to hedge their investments.”
“I thought that was illegal.”
“Tomayto, tomahto. It’s all about finding daylight in a decidedly poor excuse for campaign finance law. Or skirting the law altogether. Asking or expecting politicians to bite the hand that feeds them is a fool’s errand.”
“So far, what Sue had uncovered was fraudulent technical results from Solex that were used in green energy grant applications. She is convinced there is a deliberate conspiracy at work that she and others have threatened.”
“Others who are dead, like Randy Hope.”
“Yes, and the guy she calls Solarman. She is genuinely scared, and needs our help.”
“And help her, we shall,” said Raja. “But, we need more than a theory. You need to find us a trail to follow. And, I need to think.”
What Raja meant by think was really the opposite. During a case he was like a dog worrying a bone. Once he got his teeth into something, he wouldn’t let go. It was a good thing. However, sometimes he got so close he would get myopic. Then he would step back away from the case and let go of his thoughts. Like someone doing a jigsaw puzzle, he would visualize the big picture and let all the pieces fall into place.
Listening to music helped him let go of the details of a case. He sat down in his listening chair and put on the headphones. Pressing the remote raised a small screen in front of him, and he scrolled through a list of musical pieces. Something spacious and dynamic would do the trick. He stopped on Mussorsky, pressed play and settled back into the chair.
While Raja made space with the music, pictures of the victims and suspects floated in and out of view. There was a correct pattern where they all came together, if he could just see it.
Meanwhile Vinny sifted through page after page of documents. She took key data and names and did expanded internet searches looking for relevant ties to their victims.
While she was working, Vinny’s iPad lit up. There was a message coming in from Sue Storm. It said only, “Check this out.” There was an attached file.
Vinny tried never to interrupt Raja when he was listening to music. However, after opening the file from Sue Storm, she felt compelled to break in. She stood over Raja, hesitating only a moment.
“Yes, Vinny,” said Raja, feeling her intention. He removed his headphones.
“The latest file Sue sent is amazeballs. You have to see this.” Vinny opened a video file onto the full computer screen. It showed a man and woman engaged in foreplay.
“Is that who I think it is?”
“No doubt. Governor Black and his favorite porn star, Cherry Long.”
Raja watched as the two got down to business.
“That’s enough for you.” Vinny turned off the video. “I think you get the point.”
“I think she’s the one getting the point. Wow. How did Sue get her hands on that?”
“No idea. But, this will break our case wide open. Bam shizzaam.”
Chapter Thirty-three: Squeeze Play
Early the next morning before Raja had awakened, Vinny was at her computer sorting through the massive amount of investment data her search program had uncovered. She had barely slept at all, but that was never a problem. A new text from Sue Storm came in on her iPad. This time it was a message giving the name of a source who had more information on the governor. There was an address and instructions to meet him there this morning.
Vinny looked at the clock. Raja wouldn’t be up for hours. She dashed off a note saying she was out following up on a lead from Sue and pinned it to the coffee machine. That would be the first place Raja would go when he woke up. Excited to be out on her own chasing a lead, Vinny pulled out of the Studio City garage in her BMW and picked up the freeway towards downtown LA.
Fifteen minutes later, Vinny turned down an alley that matched the address and slowed to a crawl, checking for numbers. She stopped near the dead end of the alley and got out. After brushing dirt off a metal door, she found the number she was looking for. The rusty padlock and layers of grime said the door hadn’t been opened in years.
Vinny climbed back into the car to double-check the address on her iPad, and noticed a garbage truck had pulled into the alley behind her. Before she could get out to ask the driver to move, a small metal cylinder sailed through the BMW’s open sunroof and landed on the seat next to her. As she looked at it, a cloud of gas softly exploded from the object and quickly filled the cabin. Her thought, Get out, didn’t have time to reach her muscles.
Vinny woke up sitting in the passenger seat of the BMW she had been driving. She was sure it was daytime, but the car was in a dark space with very dim light. As she felt around for the car’s interior light switch, a heavy metal door creaked open above her and blinding sunlight poured in through the open sunroof.
“Smile for the camera,” said a male voice coming from a shadow above her. The phone’s video camera caught her squinting with her mouth open. Then the door slammed shut again with a metallic clang, bringing darkness. The sound of a heavy motor starting up echoed in the enclosed space.
The one thing there are too many of in southern California is automobiles. No one would dream of living there without a car, or two or three. But what do you do with them when they are old and no longer used? The automobile junk industry has made an art form of crunching a car down into a surprisingly small cube for disposal or recycling.
Vinny flipped on the interior light and looked out through the windshield. A heavy metal piston rumbled slowly toward the car.
“O-M-G,” she said softly. Then she screamed.
Chapter Thirty-four: Special Delivery
Sue Storm was determined to remain alive. She insisted on taking what might be considered extreme cloak-and-dagger precautions. However, in light of the body count, Raja couldn’t find fault with her caution. Once making initial contact with Raja, she had a list of addresses couriered to him by hand. The list consisted of addresses near payphones at random locations in the city. Each address had a letter assigned and a time of day. When she wanted to speak to him she would call his phone and leave a letter and date. If Raja could rendezvous he would return the call and leave no message. Then he would be there at the designated time, and wait for her call on the payphone, which she made from another unregistered phone.
That is why Raja stood in the hot sun a hundred feet from the El Pollo Loco on the corner of Broadway and Third at quarter to one in the afternoon. It was the address of a flower shop called Basic Flowers. Out in front was a rare working payphone. Raja waited for fifteen minutes, and at exactly one o’clock the payphone rang.
Sue had insisted on no one using her name on the phone.
“Hello, Fran,” said Raja. It was his sister’s name. He felt idiotic, but if it put Sue at ease, he was willing to play along. After all, Sue had broken their case wide open.
“Hey,” was all the greeting Sue offered.
“How are you doing?” asked Raja. He knew how isolated Sue felt, and tried to provide some human contact.
“It’s no vacation—unless you want to call it a vacation from my life. Talk about life interrupted. I always wondered what it must be like in the witness protection program. Horrible. I could go on, but enough about me. I wanted to give you some background on the Solarman story.”
“Before you do, I wanted to thank you for the file—it has been a goldmine. And thanks for the lead you sent Vinny.”
“What lead?” asked Sue.
“The address you sent Vinny.”
“What address?”
“Hold on.” Raja hit the call waiting button. As soon as he got a dial tone, he punched the 2 on the speed dial for Vinny. It rang so slowly. “Come on, come on,” he said, willing her to answer. When the call finally went to voice mail, the back of his head was already throbbing. “Vinny. Raja. Call me now.”
Switching back to Sue, he said, “We better talk later.”
“Is everything okay?”
“I’m sure it is. I need to check on a few things. But, I would keep your head down and be on alert for the time being.”
“You’re preaching to the choir.”
“Yeah, I forgot who I was talking to.” Raja was already extrapolating every scenario he could on Vinny. Not one had a happy ending. “I gotta go,” he said, and hung up abruptly.
Raja tried calling everyone he could think of who might know where Vinny was. No one had seen or heard from her. Despite Vinny’s natural economy with words and her whimsical nature, it wasn’t like her to leave Raja hanging this long, especially in the middle of a case. Once she had gone on an impromptu skiing trip with the men’s U.S. Olympic team, yet she had called Raja from the lodge in Aspen to let him know where she was. She knew how protective he was and how much he worried. After Vinny had been incommunicado for more than three hours, it was time to panic.
Raja raced home to the loft in Studio City. He tried Vinny four times during the drive, with no luck. Now he stood in front of the glass computer screen, unable to locate the address Vinny had found. It had to be there somewhere. Nothing on the desktop. She was very organized. He sometimes teased her about it, but now he hoped she had taken the time to record the data from her phone. He searched for folders on their case, finding one titled “leads.” Inside it he found a document marked with today’s date.
Before he could open it, his phone rang. The loudness startled him. The caller ID read C & F, Inc.
“Who is this?” asked Raja, suspiciously.
After pulling into the garage of Raja’s building, the truck driver had called the number on the invoice as instructed.
“Craters and Freighters special delivery service. I’ve got a package for Raja Williams. It’s a heavy one. Heaviest I’ve ever seen. I’m going to need you to sign. Down here, in the garage.”
Raja drummed the railing in the elevator impatiently as it slowly descended to the parking garage. He raced to the truck where the driver was backing out a forklift that was straining under its load.
“Where do want this?”
“Over there,” said Raja, pointing to a parking spot.
The forklift nearly tipped over. When the driver set the crate down, a hollow thud echoed through the garage. The vibration it made ran through the concrete floor and up into Raja’s body like an electric shock. His head was throbbing fiercely.
“Oh, this came with it,” said the driver. He shoved a small package the size of a ring box into Raja’s hand. “Sign here,” said the driver, indifferently. “What is that thing?” he added, looking at the crate.
Raja scribbled on the invoice, ignoring the question and never taking his eyes off the four-foot-square crate. Before the driver had left the garage, he pulled at the wood with his bare hands, tearing chunks of wood from the crate. Inside was a package covered with festive gift-wrapping paper. The pattern was clowns and balloons.
After ripping off the paper, he saw that the compact block of twisted metal and plastic was a crushed car. Raja leaned close to inspect a piece of sheet metal. Recognition of the titanium silver paint from Vinny’s BMW X6 buckled his knees, knotted his stomach and closed his throat.
He remembered the small box in his right hand and stared at it blankly. Opening the top revealed a small flash drive. He raced back up to the loft and searched frantically on Vinny’s computer setup for a place to plug it in. Finding a slot on the edge of the screen, he snapped the flash drive into place. A disc spun on the screen as the drive opened automatically.
A brief video clip showed Vinny inside the BMW looking up, after which the image jerked around a few seconds and then restarted, now focused on a junkyard compacter as it crushed the car inside. Raja could hear glass shattering and metal popping as the machine collapsed the car. Then nothing. The pulsing surge of blood in his temples made Raja’s eyes tear up.
Chapter Thirty-five: All Points Bulletin
After getting the address from Raja, Detective Rafferty sent a squad to check what turned out to be a bogus address at the dead end of an isolated alley in a rundown area of Vernon, a warehouse district in Greater Los Angeles. Most of the buildings there were unoccupied, making it the perfect spot for an abduction with no witnesses.
Every cop in southern California was on high alert for Vinny. The news ran her picture on every local station. If her face showed up anywhere, someone would surely spot her. No one said what everyone was thinking—everyone but Raja—that Vinny was already dead. Despite that, they kept looking. When you have lost hope, you go through the motions and do everything you can because, in some perverse way, when the inevitable end comes, you feel better saying you did everything you could.
Sharon Becker had her forensic team studying the twisted hunk of metal and plastic in Raja’s garage, hunting for any evidence of Vinny on the two-ton cube. There was no sign of blood or DNA on the surfaces, but either might have been trapped inside due to the compressed state the car was in. X-rays were no help through such a tangled mess of steel. Pulling the compacted car apart was the only option. Sharon brought in metal presses and acetylene torches from a local machine shop to pry and cut the block open.
Raja couldn’t bear to watch. He decided to pay someone a visit.
Chapter Thirty-six: Mad As Hell
Upstairs in the loft, Raja searched the computer. He remembered Vinny had told him the governor was staying in LA for the opening and dedication of a new stadium. Where the hell is that address? he thought. Raja opened files until the screen was nearly covered. There. The Millennium Biltmore in downtown LA. That’s where the governor would be.
In ten minutes Raja was on the road, pushing the Ferrari hard. His head throbbed and that only made him more furious. Raja was lucky not to get pulled over, but he didn’t care. It might be better if he did get stopped. He had no idea what he would do when he got there, but he couldn’t let it go.
Raja drove straight into the Biltmore Hotel entrance and screeched to a stop in the valet drop off, ignoring the valet’s attempt to get his attention on his way into the lobby. He scanned carefully until he spotted a couple well-dressed security types walking into the elevator. They had to be with the governor. He knew the hotel staff wouldn’t tell him anything, so he watched until he saw the elevator stop on the number 8. He stepped into a second car and punched 8. Sure enough, as he got out on the 8th floor, the two security men were just entering a suite. They were changing shifts. His timing was perfect. Without knocking, he walked right into the suite. Once inside he called loudly, “Governor Black, where are you? It’s Raja Williams.”
Three security men drew their guns and trained them on Raja.
Raja kept his hands up where they could be seen. “I’m unarmed,” he said, to keep from getting shot. “Come out and face me, you coward.”
The door to a bedroom opened.
“Get back, sir,” ordered the fourth security guard, trying to push the governor back into the bedroom.
“That’s all right, son. Let me be,” said the governor. “I don’t know what you think you are doing, Mr. Williams.”
“I’m giving you a chance to do the right thing. If anything happens to her I will kill you myself,” said Raja.
“Who?”
“You know who.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about, but you better watch what you say,” said the governor.
That was all Raja could take. He rushed forward, only to be tasered by one of the guards. Raja flopped helplessly, and then lay still.
“Get him out of here,” said the governor. “And call the police. I want that man arrested.”
Two security men handcuffed Raja and dragged him roughly out of the governor’s suite.
Chapter Thirty-seven: Slim Is Better Than None
After spending five excruciating hours in the LA County jail, Raja heard a familiar voice.
“How do you like our accommodations?” It was Detective Rafferty.
“What about Vinny?” asked Raja. He could think of nothing else.
“Still nothing definite.”
The fact that nothing had yet been found in the crushed wreckage of the BMW meant Vinny might be alive. Raja was certain he would find Vinny and she would be all right. She had to be. She was Tinkerbell to his Peter Pan—magic and immortal. Nothing could separate them. Nothing would. “Get me out of here,” said Raja.
“Listen up, cowboy. You’re lucky I know the desk sergeant at the Central Division, or you would be in an FBI office by now. You can not threaten to kill a serving governor.”
“Well, I did. And I meant it, too.”
“Keep that to yourself, numb nuts. The officer processing your paperwork is coming.”
“I hope you know what you’re doing, Detective,” said the officer, handing him a clipboard. “You see who the complainant is.”
“I am aware.” Rafferty signed the release form.
The officer studied his signature.
“Don’t worry, this is all on me,” said Rafferty.
“You bet it is,” said the officer, unlocking the door to the cell. “You are free to go,” he said to Raja.
Raja followed Rafferty, first to get his personal belongings, and then to get outside the station house. At the bottom of the steps, Rafferty turned and confronted him. “You are technically in my custody. I need to know you won’t do anything stupid.”
“You have my word.”
“I need a blood oath.”
“You have a knife?”
“Okay, come on. I’ll take you to the impound lot to get your car.” On the ride to the lot, Raja stared out the window, saying nothing.
“Look, Raja, we will do whatever we have to do to find Vinny. You know that. You need to let us do our jobs.”
“I know.”
Rafferty greased the line to get the Ferrari released from the impound lot, and warned Raja once more about staying away from the governor. He watched the Ferrari drive off. Despite all of Raja’s assurances, Rafferty knew how bad it was to be in Raja’s position. He himself had lost a partner in the line of duty. Although ten years had passed since the tragedy, Rafferty still ran through the events in his head every day, wondering if he could have done something to prevent the outcome.
Raja pulled into the Studio City garage where the forensics team was still working on the wreckage.
“Anything new?” asked Raja, forcing himself to confront the possibility that Vinny was inside the twisted wreckage.
“No sign of anyone inside yet,” offered one of the technicians.
Relieved, Raja went upstairs. He poured himself a scotch and sipped it while he stared at the computer screen he had gotten for Vinny. She had insisted she didn’t need it, but it made him feel good to give it to her anyway. Now it sat there doing nothing. Just like he was. He felt like smashing the whole thing.
Suddenly a picture flickered on the glass computer screen. Raja jumped up to see what it was. The scene came into focus, showing Vinny strapped into a chair in the middle of a room. Other than a spotlight shining on Vinny, the room was dimly lit. There was dried blood on her nose and lip. Vinny moved. It was a live feed. Raja exhaled instinctively. Vinny was alive.
“I hope joo enjoyed our performance so far,” said a man’s voice from behind the camera. “As joo can see, no one was harmed in the making of dees film—for now. Ha, Ha, Ha. Funny, jes? Joo have ten minutes to call dees number.” The camera settled on a piece of paper with a phone number written on it.
Raja didn’t have time to read it twice before the connection ended. Raja pressed the timer on his watch. He thought he recognized the man’s voice from the video feed. First he called Detective Rafferty at the police station. It went to voice mail.
“Tommy. It’s Raja. I need your help. Vinny is in trouble. Call me. Hurry.” He didn’t need to say more. The panic in his voice would say it all. Then he texted the same message to Tommy’s cell.
Raja looked at his watch—there were only seven minutes left. Damn it. He had to think this one through. What did they want? It had to be something on Vinny’s computer, and most likely the sex tape of the governor and Cherry Long. If that got out in the media, it would end his political career. Raja fumbled with the computer screen trying to locate the file.
Whatever they wanted, Raja knew giving it up would be a death sentence for Vinny. But what choice did he have? He needed a better play. For that he needed to find Vinny.
Three minutes left. How the hell could he do this without Vinny? This was Vinny’s fault. Her and her damn computer crap. She dug too deep this time. Found out too much. How was he supposed to put the genie back in the bottle without getting her killed. Damn you, Vinny.
One minute. He called the number.
“Jes, Mr. Williams. Good joo called.”
“Whatever you want I will give you. Just don’t hurt her. But, I’m not sure I know how to do it. I’m not a techie.”
“I do not think I believe joo.”
“If you hurt Vinny, you will regret it.”
“That eez really up to joo, Mr. Williams.”
The live feed reappeared on the computer screen. The sight of Vinny strapped into a chair rattled Raja.
“I can’t give you what I can’t find.”
“That eez all right. My boss eez confident that Miss Moore will be able to help.” The man ripped the duct tape off Vinny’s mouth.
Vinny spit at him.
The man slapped her hard, drawing fresh blood from her nose. In doing so he also stepped in front of the camera long enough for Raja to recognize him. The wife-beater shirt, the slick wavy hair. It was Fernando Hierra Lopez, the man who killed Ramona Griggsby.
“I would not waste time if I were joo,” said Fernando. “He eez not a patient man.”
“Who?” Raja and Vinny said in unison.
Fernando reached for and pressed a button somewhere near the computer camera. “Go ahead, sir.”
A gravelly voice that sounded electronic spoke. “First, you are going to make an internet connection. An IM will do.” An instant message appeared on Raja’s screen.
“Please accept,” said the voice.
Raja pressed yes.
“Very good. Now, I’m going to need Miss Moore to let me into her system.”
“The hell I will,” shouted Vinny. She looked straight into the video feed. “Don’t do it, Raja. Take these bastards down. Forget about me.”
Another slap from Fernando interrupted her.
The gravelly voice continued calmly. “I will walk you through it. May I call you Raja?”
“Call me whatever you want, but don’t hurt Vinny.”
After having Raja connect Vinny’s computer to an online network, the voice said, “Very good, Raja. Now all we need is Miss Moore’s backdoor password.”
“No,” said Vinny, shaking her head vigorously. Fernando approached her with his hand ready to strike.
“Give it to him,” shouted Raja. “Give it to him now. We’ll find another way.” Then he spoke softly. “Please, Vinny. Don’t do this to me.”
Vinny stared into space for a moment, and then sighed. She explained the backdoor she had built into her system that would tunnel past all the security encryption. Thirty seconds later, the glass screen in front of Raja whirred into action, with data flashing and disappearing from the screen. Whole files were being deleted. Raja looked at his watch. He needed more time. He needed a plan.
Five minutes later, the screen image stopped shifting. The voice in the box said, “Ahhh, that wasn’t so hard now, was it? We are all professionals. And, Miss Moore I must tell you, your skills are impressive. Under different circumstances, we could have made beautiful music together. Because of that, I do regret what now must happen. But, I’m afraid Fernando is a much different sort of creature than you or I. He has two main appetites—pain and sex. The prospect of both he finds irresistible.”
“You’ve got what you want. Let her go,” said Raja angrily.
“I’m afraid it is out of my hands.”
Fernando sneered and pulled something from his pocket. With a sudden flash the thin blade of the stiletto knife snapped into place.
“Okay, chica, joo might as well get comfortable. Joo and I are going to be here a while,” said Fernando, smiling.
“You bastard,” Raja shouted, impotently.
Fernando reached toward the camera and the connection went blank.
Raja’s heart sank.
Chapter Thirty-eight: Back Door Man
After doing everything he could think of to find Vinny, Detective Rafferty needed a break. He hadn’t eaten all day. So it was, he was sitting in a booth at the Denny’s on Sunset Boulevard enjoying the dinner special when his phone beeped. It was a text message.
The thing was, he never got text messages. He didn’t even know he had text on his phone. Rafferty swallowed a mouthful of mashed potatoes and squinted at the tiny screen. The text said, “Tommy. It’s Raja. I need your help. Vinny is in trouble. Call me. Hurry.” That was it. When he called the number, there was a series of strange beeps and clicks, and then the call disconnected. When he called again, the number was busy.
Rafferty knew how hard Raja was taking this whole mess. What the hell did Raja expect him to do? Rafferty chewed on another piece of Salisbury steak and pondered the message, finally deciding it must have been an old one. He was about to ask the waitress for the check, when his phone rang. It was the computer forensics department at the police station.
“Detective Rafferty?”
“Yeah.”
“This is Lieutenant Fong. You won’t believe what just happened.” The computer technician launched into a story that meant little to the detective until Fong finally got to an address in Los Angeles, a location where Vinny might be found. Rafferty jumped up and dropped a twenty on the table, and ran out while the lieutenant continued his technical explanation.
“Tell me later,” said Rafferty. “Call for backup to that address. Code Two—no lights, no sirens. I’m on the way.”
Rafferty got there first. It was a small, one-story garden apartment building with a central courtyard on North Figueroa near Mount Washington. No way he was going to wait for anyone else to arrive. Rafferty pulled out his gun, and prowled cautiously into the courtyard. He located the door numbered 7. The shades were drawn, preventing him from seeing inside. Rafferty released the safety on his gun, kicked in the door and yelled, “Police,” surprising Fernando who stood over Vinny on the far side of the room. Rafferty saw the knife rise up and pulled off two quick shots, one that hit a shoulder and spun Fernando around, and one in the chest that finished him off.
In three strides Rafferty reached Vinny’s side. He looked her over, checking for major damage. Her blouse was torn open and there were several small cuts above her right breast. The tear and mascara stains on her cheeks told the rest of the story. Rafferty untied her and covered her with his suit jacket.
By the time Raja arrived at the scene, Rafferty was standing near the door of the apartment giving a statement on the shooting to a Force Investigations officer from the LAPD.
“Is she okay?” asked Raja.
“Yeah, she is.”
“How the hell did you find her?” asked Raja.
“Ask her,” said Rafferty, thumbing toward Vinny. A medic was putting the finishing touch to a butterfly on Vinny’s chest.
When Raja walked over to her, Vinny stood up.
“I almost lost you,” he said dramatically.
“True dat, boss.”
Raja hugged her tightly.
“Hey, you’ll smear my makeup,” she said.
Raja held her away from him, looking her in the eye. “Vinny, what are you grinning about?”
“The data.”
“How is that funny? I thought it was all erased.”
“So did they, Raj, so did they. I had to make it convincing. How did I do?”
“You mean it wasn’t erased?”
“Yes, technically it was, but the program simultaneously made an undetectable mirror copy of all the data on a separate cloud.”
“How is that possible?”
“I’d tell you, but then I would have to kill you.”
“Speaking of getting killed, you almost were.”
“Like you always say, almost only counts in darts and hand grenades. By the way, don’t count on getting your deposit back on the BMW.”
“My god, girl, I love you.”
“Yes, you do, bro. Yes, you do.”
Despite Vinny’s protests, Raja insisted on a trip to the hospital for any care that she needed after her ordeal with Fernando. He waited while the doctor ran a few tests and checked her bandages. Confident that she would be okay, Raja drove her back to the loft. The police had already disposed of the crushed car cube when they pulled into the garage. Raja wanted to help Vinny out of the car, but refrained, knowing it would offend the tough-guy attitude she maintained about herself.
Once inside the loft, Vinny plopped down on the couch, happy to be home. Raja exhaled loudly, relieved that she was safe.
“Vinny, I know what you can do with a computer, but how in the world did you manage to send your location to Detective Rafferty while you were tied up in a chair?”
“I didn’t. It is an automated security program I designed and linked to your phone and to the computer system at the loft. Unless I manually enter my code, one minute later the counter-measures of the security program execute. When I first got to Los Angeles, I set the program to contact the LAPD computer tech division in the event of any unauthorized use of my backdoor, giving them any relevant GPS coordinates. I counted on them acting, which they did.”
“Here’s the message it sends.” Vinny activated something on the computer. A recording of Vinny’s voice said, “This call means that my computer program has been compromised from an outside source. I have initiated an automatic satellite trace from my terminal to this phone and to an outside line. You will be able to triangulate the locations using the following frequencies.”
“The rest is technical,” said Vinny, “and that went to the computer tech division. They did the rest. It even instructed them to contact Detective Rafferty.”
“Just where would you get access to a satellite?”
“You wouldn’t believe how many satellites are up in orbit around the earth. You can take your pick, if you have the frequency and an access code. Easy peasy, lemon squeezy.”
“You could get in trouble.”
“Not if you don’t get caught.”
“I suppose not.” Raja did not always approve of Vinny’s use of what she called shortcuts, but today he was glad she did what she did.
“You can pick on me, or thank me,” said Vinny.
“You’re right. I’m just glad you are okay. Thank you.”
Chapter Thirty-nine: Gangrene
While Vinny sifted through information, Raja worked on arranging a meeting with Sue Storm. After Vinny’s ordeal, Sue was more gun-shy than ever. It took every bit of Raja’s empathic skill to convince Sue of two premises. One, that Raja and Vinny were exactly who she thought they were, and two, that meeting with them would not result in anyone’s immediate death. Although he had suggested a neutral meeting place, she preferred coming to them. If premise one were correct, she could control when and if they met. If not, premise two would be a dismal failure any way you sliced it.
One night just after two in the morning, Vinny got a text message. “Downstairs,” is all it said. One minute later Vinny stood outside the elevator in the garage. No one appeared, so after a minute she stepped back into the elevator and turned the key to the loft. Just as the doors came together, a hand stopped them. Vinny pushed the open button. The doors parted and a blond woman in a brown leather bomber jacket holding a motorcycle helmet stepped into the elevator, pushed the close button and flattened herself along the side wall of the car.
“Nice to meet you, Vinny,” said Sue Storm, keeping her eyes on the doors until they were completely closed.
“Ditto,” said Vinny.
When the elevator moved upward, Sue exhaled and began to relax.
Vinny noticed her dark roots were showing, but with the jagged short haircut it gave her an emo look.
When the doors opened onto the loft, Sue looked around and said, “So this is the bat cave. Nice digs.”
“Raj, she’s here,” said Vinny. She had woken him before going downstairs.
“So we finally meet,” said Raja. “I’m glad you came.”
“I’ll hold my applause until later, if you don’t mind. But, it is good to see you two.”
“We have been going through the files you sent. Thank you, by the way. I thought it would be good to talk directly about what conclusions you have made.”
“I suppose I should start at the beginning. Let me preface by saying that I have been strongly pro-environment my whole adult life. I consider myself a full-fledged tree hugger all the way. I have been a strong advocate of alternative energy.”
“Go green,” said Vinny.
“Yes, go green and all that. So, for me it was eye-opening to find out there were some glitches in the green energy industry as it currently stands. The CEO of Solex Industries, a developer and manufacturer of storage batteries, gave me an inside glimpse into the current scene. While his solar battery was promising, it was not yet able to meet the specifications required for successful application by a major green energy provider.”
“Any new industry has its R & D phase,” said Raja.
“True. But, the demand for energy is enormous, especially in this country. As other countries modernize, their demand grows geometrically. The Chinese are already the #1 consumers of energy, blowing right by the U.S. in 2009. The Chinese have been quietly buying into all forms of U.S. energy. Millions of acres in Texas, Michigan and Ohio for shale oil drilling. Billions of dollars into oil and gas deals from Canada to Texas. And, besides buying into major oil companies, they are investing in green energy companies who are desperate for research and development money.”
“That should help the green energy sector,” said Raja.
“Yes, an infusion of money is very much needed. The government grants are also meant to help in that area. However, the ability to fill the demand for energy without interruption and viably is the real make-break for any energy provider, green or otherwise.
“With huge government grant money at stake, several companies were submitting doctored specifications to make their projected numbers work. Most of the green energy projects are new and highly technical. There is no track record for officials to look at to determine if a company can actually do what they propose. And those who see the green energy companies as a necessary salvation for this planet are not going to look too close.
“The dirty little secret I came across is that for every company legitimately trying to make green energy work, there are ten other companies set up to reap the government windfall in short term cash flow, with no chance of success. While long-term government mandates make investors feel safer, the company still has to produce energy profitably at a reasonable, competitive cost for it to work. Unfortunately, savvy Wall Street players know when to get in and out to rape the profits from the government subsidies, and leave the smaller investors and taxpayers holding a bag of hot air. Think of the dotcom boom and bust and you have the basic picture.”
“Companies like Solyndra,” said Raja.
“Yes.”
“I’m not so sure I would agree,” said Vinny. “Companies can be mismanaged. But the sun is a permanent and unlimited source of free energy. Surely there is a viable way to harness it.”
“The problem is not just where and how to store it, but how to absorb enough energy when it is available. The old saying ‘Make hay while the sun is shining’ takes on a whole new perspective.”
“Anything has to be better than coal and oil and the environmental damage they do,” said Vinny.
“Definitely. But sometimes there are unforeseen consequences. Look at the nuclear reactor meltdown in Japan. That was a good plan to provide energy with a much improved carbon footprint over fossil fuels. Result: disaster.”
“But wind and solar don’t have the liability of nuclear radiation,” said Raja.
“No they don’t. Sometimes it is a matter of infrastructure and cost. We might be able to provide enough electricity with wind if we covered the country with windmills. Who will buy or lease the land? Who will pay to build the infrastructure? And, do we want a countryside with wall-to-wall windmills?
“Universal green energy will be achievable at some future point, however investors don’t like to bank on a promise and a prayer.
“My point is, I don’t think it’s a simple or one-sided argument on either side of the issue. And please understand. My story is not about whether green energy is good or not. It most certainly is good. My story is about the color of greed blended with the color of green energy in an unholy mix that is unpalatable to any sane person or group.
“I can’t say yet who is behind the fraud, but there are indications that the governor is up to his ears in this mess. He ran on a business rejuvenation platform for California, and the green energy sector looks to be the basket he put most of his eggs in. What I can tell you is it is bigger than just John Smiley and Solex Industries, and there is someone determined to keep things from unraveling. Determined enough to kill.”
Chapter Forty: Love Stinks
Governor Robert Black sat in his office wondering what his next move should be. As usual, he thought immediately of Stanley Bryce, his top aide, and told his secretary to call him in. His office had been contacted regarding a campaign finance issue, something Bryce would know more about than anyone else, including himself. There had been a number of potential disasters in recent months, but, so far, Bryce had kept the vultures from feeding on the governor’s career.
“Stanley, you told me you took care of the Jennifer Gowan mess. You said that her death, while unfortunate, would put the matter to rest. When it didn’t, you said that there was no evidence, nothing to tie me to her.”
“Yes, and—”
“I’m not done,” said the governor, as if talking to a disobedient child. “Now I have the attorney general’s office asking about campaign contributions, and mentioning both Judge Griggsby and Jennifer Gowan in the same call.”
“I can handle the campaign questions, as I always do, Robert. As for the judge and the girl, I assure you, the video has been destroyed. The girl is dead. Remember the underage dancer in the Bahamas? Well, no one else does. We got past that, and you can weather this, too. It will be a short news cycle. We stay on point and—”
“That is the point, Stanley. People have died. This isn’t going to go away. Someone has to be held accountable. Someone is accountable.”
“Yes, you’re right. That’s good. We have Fernando Lopez, he’s perfect. No one likes a pimp and a drug dealer. We add blackmail and—”
“I’m afraid I am going to have to ask for your resignation.”
“What?”
The governor’s voice changed. “You have served me well for quite some time, Stanley, but I think the political pressure may have become too great. I just wish I had seen it coming sooner.”
Bryce could see the governor working out the sound bite for a press conference before his very eyes. It was like listening to his own funeral service, reading his own epitaph. Spin. It’s what politicians did, and the governor was good at it. Hell, it’s what Bryce was paid to do, and he was great at it. He shouldn’t have been so shocked. Still, Bryce felt sick to his stomach.
“Robert, what are you saying?”
“You have always been a bright boy. I think you know.”
“What about us?”
The governor sneered. “Us? What we did—what I let you do was a careless mistake, and you know it. There is no us. There never could be. It was morally wrong.”
Bryce could see the revulsion in the governor’s eyes. His stomach tightened into a knot. He knew then that the governor didn’t feel as he did. The governor had used him and now he was using him again. Perhaps that was his destiny—to be used and then thrown away.
“I’ll have my resignation on your desk in the morning.”
“Perhaps you should email it to Allison. Goodbye, Stanley.”
The cold finality of those words was an avalanche that buried Bryce somewhere deep inside. He left without saying another word. He didn’t remember walking out past Allison, the governor’s smiling secretary, or getting into his blue Nissan Maxima and driving home. He was in a psychotic break.
Chapter Forty-one: All Roads Lead To Rome
When Raja picked up the phone, it was Detective Rafferty. “The district attorney has requested all my files on Fernando, and the Hope and Gowan cases. I was hoping to get some of the information you and Vinny have uncovered. But, now that Fernando is dead, I don’t see what else they can do.”
“I do,” said Raja. “Come on over, and I’ll show you.”
Rafferty arrived at the Studio City building and rode the elevator to the loft. “Must be nice,” he said, more to himself than anything else, as he stepped into the spacious loft. The skylights that covered half of the arching twenty-foot ceilings, and a tiered waterfall on one wall gave the sense of still being outdoors.
“Welcome, Tommy,” said Vinny, who appeared from behind a huge Jackson Pollock painting that hung suspended in mid air. She was dressed in her usual baggy T-shirt and jeans that tried but failed to hide her model’s figure. There was still a red mark on her cheek from her ordeal with Fernando, but she was all smiles.
“Hey, there,” said Rafferty, always a bit uncomfortable around beautiful women.
“Have we got the goods to show you. Come on.” Vinny took him into the area where she had her futuristic-looking computer setup. You couldn’t call it a room as there were no walls, just a brick column and random sculptures that defined the space.
“I’d like you to meet Bulldog,” said Raja. He was standing next to the large glass computer screen displaying a picture of Stanley Bryce wearing a cut-off T-shirt that read Bulldog. “We thought it was a school mascot, but it turns out it was Bryce’s nickname.” The picture changed to one of Bryce from his youth. He was wearing a spiked dog collar. “Bryce had met Judge Griggsby in the man-boy love circles when he was a teenager.” Another picture showed the Judge and the teenage Bryce.
“Jennifer Gowan’s phone number showed up on Bryce’s phone records right until her death. But it appeared several years back as well. It is likely he knew her, and arranged for the governor to meet her. Of course, we have the video to connect her to the governor himself.
“We knew that Randall Hope was sleeping with the judge’s wife, but now we know Bryce had met with Hope to offer him a job, possibly to find out what he knew or to secure his silence. And, of course, Clarice Hope was a donor to the governor’s campaign, all done through Bryce. In fact, all the campaign finance went through Bryce. It is how he made so many important connections.
“He also controlled several PACs, although carefully hidden through intermediaries. There is a lot of Silicon Valley money flowing through those coffers, including from John Smiley, the CEO of Solex who was killed in the Starbucks bombing. Heavy Hollywood donations showed up as well.”
“I didn’t think Bryce had that kind of power,” said Rafferty.
“Apparently, he does. Needless to say, we have found a lot of commonality with Governor Black, Stanley Bryce and the victims in our case. Of course campaign donations alone do not a murderer make.
“The most damning evidence is the links to the computer found in the apartment where Fernando was holding Vinny. It is pretty clear Bryce knew Fernando Lopez and played a role in the kidnapping.”
Rafferty’s phone rang. “Yes ... Yes, sir. On my way, sir.”
“That was the captain. Seems he just got a call from the mayor who got a personal call from the governor. It’s about Stanley Bryce. I’ve got to go.”
“Do you want the files?” asked Vinny. “We have a lot more data.”
“Yes, yes. Hang on to it all. I’m sure we will need it later. Right now the governor says jump, so we jump. See ya.”
Chapter Forty-two: Top of the World
Stanley Bryce wasn’t a particularly brave man. He didn’t command respect the way a leader like the governor could. That didn’t bother him. He reveled in his role as a subordinate, a man Friday. He accepted his place in the scheme of things. He wasn’t a bad man, really. But he made one terrible miscalculation. He fell in love. He let that love blind him to reality, as many had done before him. And in that blindness he did terrible things.
Now he knew that it had all been a lie. A horrible joke played on him for no reason. Stanley Bryce slowly undressed as he contemplated the acts he had committed in pursuit of an imaginary relationship with the governor. He couldn’t remember specifics, but he knew there were many. He folded each garment and laid it neatly on the bed. When he was completely naked, he walked into the bathroom and drew a bath, testing the temperature until it was just right. He added bubble bath and then walked calmly through his bedroom into the kitchen. After carefully examining several knives, he chose a large chef’s knife and calmly stuck just the tip of it into the palm of his left hand. He watched curiously as the blood trickled down his arm. Again he poked himself gently, this time on his left thigh. Nothing deep, just a nick. He cut himself several more times until he felt satisfied. Eventually, he walked slowly into the bathroom, carrying the knife by his side.
The bathtub was now half full, and bubbles foamed up nearly to the top. Bryce set the knife down on the edge of the tub. After sliding gently into the water, he washed the blood off his arms and legs and wet his hair, slicking it back.
A smile appeared on his face as he dared to dream of a future he could not have. He stood in front of the press, holding hands with the governor and answering questions as his significant other. “Yes, we are happy,” he said. “Yes, Robert and I have been together many years.” He remembered a favorite old black and white movie he had seen. “I made it, Ma. Top of the world.”
First Bryce heard a single snicker from somewhere out in the crowd. Then a laugh. He strained to see who it was but couldn’t because the media camera lights were in his eyes. The laughter spread and grew louder until it roared unbearably inside his head. That’s when he grabbed the knife and with one fast motion, drew it across his throat.
Chapter Forty-three: Cut and Print It
When the police found Stanley Bryce he had been dead for a day and a half. For two days the shredders at the governor’s home and office had run until they overheated in the effort to make sure the governor could distance himself from Bryce.
Now Governor Black stood on the capitol steps in Sacramento surrounded by reporters and cameras. His wife stood next to him. Both wore black. He was ready for the inevitable questions about his knowledge or involvement in the recent killings. Wisely ignoring specific questions, he made a prepared statement.
“If what I’m being told is correct, Stanley Bryce must have been overwhelmed with guilt,” said the governor. “Some people aren’t built to withstand the pressures of politics. The things he did were obviously the work of a tortured and broken mind. Even now, I don’t have all the details. I only wish we had seen it coming sooner.” The camera focused on the sad look on the governor’s face.
“Can you say crocodile?” said Vinny, as she and Raja watched the press conference unfold on the wide screen in the loft.
“You doubt his sincerity?”
“I need another shower. I’m betting the governor had Bryce killed, just like the rest.”
The phone rang and Raja answered. “Hey, Tommy ... Yeah, we are watching it now ... Sure. We can be there in a half hour.”
“Okay, Vinny. We are going to find out soon enough. Rafferty wants us to meet him at the coroner’s office. Sharon has completed her autopsy on Stanley Bryce.”
At the governor’s request, the attorney general announced that the case including the autopsy would be handled by the LAPD, despite local law enforcement protest. He cited the ties to an ongoing investigation of murders there as well as the superior forensics division. The governor’s press secretary announced that the governor wanted to ensure there be no favoritism on behalf of himself during the investigation, and full transparency. What he didn’t say was that getting the case moved to Los Angeles put more distance between Bryce and the governor, something the governor desperately needed. Thus it was that body, evidence and all had arrived in LA two days earlier.
Rafferty, with the shortest drive from Parker Center to Mission Road, was the first one to arrive at the coroner’s office. When he walked in, Sharon was talking to her assistant.
“Joey—”
“Yes, sir.”
“Could you—”
“Take these samples to the chem lab? Yes sir, right away.”
Sharon winced, and handed the package to Joey, who hurried out of the lab.
“He’s the eager beaver,” said Rafferty.
“A little too propitiative for my taste,” said Sharon. “He’s been that way since the Randall Hope fiasco, trying to make up for what wasn’t even his fault. In fact, we put a whole new set of evidence handling protocols into the office, beginning with no longer using outside couriers for sample transport. Eventually we will have all the science under one roof. But enough of my world. You probably want to hear about the autopsy.”
Rafferty considered any extra time he got to spend with Sharon as a bonus. However, he said, “Of course, the autopsy.”
Just then, Raja and Vinny walked into the outer lab area.
“Perfect timing,” said Sharon. “Glad you could make it. Tommy said it was only right that you be here. I agree. Will the reporter be attending?”
“Sue Storm? Doubtful. I’m not sure the finality of this mess has quite sunk in for her.”
“Finality, my ass,” said a female voice in the hallway. In walked Sue Storm, still blond but groomed to look good on camera, like any self-respecting TV reporter. “I’m hoping to make hay with this story for the rest of the year, at least. I’m thinking Pulitzer.”
The others laughed.
“Sue Storm, I presume,” said Sharon. “This is a pleasant surprise.”
“Pleasant,” said Sue, smiling. “Yes, it is pleasant to be out in public as myself. What did I miss?”
“We are just getting started,” said Sharon. “I completed my preliminary examination of the body yesterday, and then had the lab complete the tests I needed to confirm my initial conclusions. This morning I did a complete re-examination, looking for any latent signs of foul play. We have been over every inch of Stanley Bryce’s body with every possible instrument. Short of finding an invisible alien growing inside him, I can safely say the cause of death was exsanguination precipitated by one self-inflicted laceration to his neck, severing the left carotid artery.”
“Suicide?” said Vinny, unconvinced.
“Are you sure?” said Raja.
“If the doc says it’s suicide, then it is,” said Rafferty, coming to Sharon’s defense.
“It’s okay, Tommy. They have a right to ask. There have already been three murders rigged to look otherwise on this case. And I already made one wrong call.”
“We aren’t doubting your skill,” said Raja. “You know that. We just have to be sure.”
“Yes. I’m hoping I didn’t come out of hiding too soon,” said Sue.
“Granted, it is important. That’s why I wouldn’t make the call lightly. Without getting too technical, let’s just say there are certain markers that would make suicide probable. I found all of them in this case.”
“I hear probable, not definite,” said Vinny, still holding out for her theory.
“Yes, from my examination alone, that is the best I can do. Suicide is one of the hardest determinations to make. It often requires corroborating evidence. And, there is just such evidence in this case.” Sharon cued up a video on the computer screen on the wall of the lab.
The picture showed a home video of Bryce sitting in front of his laptop naked. There was blood on both forearms and his chest. His face was expressionless. “I have been a fool. I have done terrible things that I cannot bear. I am sorry.” The numbness in his voice was palpable. When he reached forward for the camera button, the large chef’s knife showed in his hand. The screen went blank.
“The cuts you saw were fresh and had been made only minutes before his death. It’s not uncommon for suicides to prep for the final act by testing, probably to screw up their courage. I can therefore say with certainty, Stanley Bryce took his own life.”
There was an audible exhale that followed that statement, especially from Detective Rafferty. No one wanted more than he to close this mess of a case.
“That makes sense,” said Rafferty. “Bryce was desperate to cover for the governor. We found plenty of incriminating data on his personal laptop, including some of his journal entries. It looks like he had a thing for the governor.”
“Do we know the governor wasn’t involved?” asked Vinny.
“There was nothing to indicate he is anything more than a sleazeball. In fact, he was the one who alerted us to Bryce.”
“How convenient,” said Vinny.
“Not really,” said Rafferty. “He even told us about his affair with the girl Jennifer Gowan, and about the sex video.”
“I don’t know how I missed that juice,” said Sue. “I guess I was too intent chasing my story on business fraud.”
“The business fraud angle came out through another so-called victim in this tale, Judge Griggsby. He was up to his ears in bribes and insider investment data that he had gotten from a white collar defendant who traded information for a light sentence. He gave that information to Bryce who promised to help the judge satisfy his miscreant desires. Bryce then traded the man-boy connection to the judge for a promise to see that the Prop 8 appeal overturned the law. Then Bryce used that to get campaign money from the LGBT community for the governor.”
“Bryce certainly didn’t lack ambition,” said Sharon.
“Like I said, he was in love with the governor,” said Rafferty. “He wanted to help the governor eventually reach the White House. I think he thought he would be the first lady, or mate, or whatever.”
“That’s just sad,” said Vinny.
“Sad? The dude was nuts,” said Rafferty. “Like most slimeballs, Judge Griggsby and Stanley Bryce never trusted each other. Each tried to blackmail the other. Judge Griggsby may have worn his man-boy love badge proudly, but pedophilia is still a crime. Bryce had video and affidavits from a boy and his mother—plus documented proof money had changed hands, all on his computer. He used it to squeeze the judge on rescinding anti-gay legislation. And the judge had the video compromising the governor. That is likely what was in that locker at the Hillcrest Country Club.”
“Who were the guys posing as feds at the club?” asked Raja.
“Probably goons Bryce hired. Same with the hit man from Detroit. We may never know exactly, now that Bryce is dead. It all started to unravel when the judge’s wife overheard the judge talking. Bryce must have thought the judge was betraying him and he started having people killed.”
“What about the fraud that Sue uncovered?”
“I think Bryce was using that information to garner more money for the governor to launch his national political career. He must have promised to grease the lines and help get government grants pushed through for the energy companies in exchange for campaign money. There will be more investigation in that area, don’t you think, Ms. Storm?”
“I’m sure of it,” said Sue. “With the collapse of Solyndra and other energy companies like it, and the information Vinny and I uncovered, there will be a long hard look at the whole area of government funding.”
“And Fernando Lopez?” asked Raja.
“Turns out he passed through the judge’s courtroom years back on pandering charges. Ironically, Bryce may have found Fernando through the judge, and then used him to eliminate the judge and his wife.” Detective Rafferty relished the opportunity to talk about the case now that it was closed.
Raja fed him more softball questions and let him bask in the glory. Tommy deserved it. After all, he had saved Vinny. When the questions and answers wound down, the conversation turned to Sue Storm.
“I really appreciate your persistence in pursuing your story,” said Raja. “It took a lot of guts. I don’t think we could have solved our case without your help.”
“Thanks, Raja. I’m looking forward to a couple puff pieces next, if you don’t mind.” Despite the protest, it was clear Sue felt at home in the middle of danger and controversy.
“Blond is a good look for you. Going to keep it?” asked Vinny.
“I might have to, as a reminder of what it takes to do my job.”
Chapter Forty-four: The Fat Lady Sings
Whenever a case was wrapped, Raja liked to celebrate by tasting the local culture of the city. Sometimes he would find a venue unique to that city, sometimes it would be a museum, a ballet, or even a sporting event to attend. Tonight he felt like opera. Le Damnation de Faust was playing at the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, and after this case, the story of a man who sold himself to the devil seemed apropos. He always invited Vinny, she always declined, and Raja would take the opportunity to cleanse himself with an aesthetic bath, as he called the experience.
When the performance ended, Raja was unsatisfied. Although the orchestration was tight, the costumes colorful and the singing technically superb, Raja did not get the emotional release he had hoped for. Once outside the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion, he strolled along the quiet city street. It was late and everything was closed, but he always did his best thinking outside and at night. Something about this case still tugged on his attention. He walked idly on, hoping the issue would come into focus. When it finally did, he called Vinny.
“Where are you?” she asked.
Raja looked up at the sign on the corner. “I’m on Fourth Street near Broadway. Where are you?” he fired back, mostly because of the dull headache throbbing in his temples. Raja had expected it to be gone with the resolution to the case, but here it was nonetheless.
“I’m in the loft playing with the toys you got me,” said Vinny, cheerfully. Actually, she had been sitting in on an MIT computer science class that was being broadcast online. The internet was Vinny’s playground.
The pressure in Raja’s head increased. He looked warily up and down the street and saw nothing but an old woman who was pushing a shopping cart and having an animated conversation with an invisible man. She hadn’t even noticed Raja.
“You know, Vinny, something has been bothering me. How did Stanley Bryce know about the government computer fraud that Sue uncovered? And how did he do all the fancy computer stuff? He didn’t strike me as a computer nerd. No offense to you.” Raja could hear the tap of Vinny’s fingers on her keyboard.
“None taken,” said Vinny. Raja was right. Bryce didn’t have the skills. Her fingers flew over the keys. She highlighted a line of code from one of the case files and searched all the documents she had on their case. There it was again. “I may have found something. Let me call you back,” she said, and ended the call. It was more of the code that she recognized from Bryce’s computer. Most of what was on Bryce’s computer showed none of the sophistication necessary nor the hacker skills needed to track everyone connected to this case. There had to be someone else. Moreover, something Sue Storm said had been bothering Vinny. There it was again. Vinny had seen this code somewhere before. More typing.
Vinny’s eyes popped open wide when she found what she was looking for. She called Raja—it rang, but no answer. He had his ringer off as usual. The call went to voice mail.
“Damn it, Raj,” said Vinny, out loud. More typing, and then she stood up, manipulating the computer screen in front of her. Out of habit, she plugged into the surveillance cameras near the Dorothy Chandler Pavilion to locate Raja. She saw the crazy cart lady waving at nothing, and then found Raja walking alone, unaware she was trying to reach him. She saw something else. “Damn it, Raja,” she said again. Vinny had programmed Raja’s phone to always keep the text notification active. She typed quickly and hit send.
Raja had stopped walking and was now rubbing his temples, desperate to relieve the pain. His phone made the cheerful melodic trill it always did whenever he received a text, which was almost never and was always Vinny. He looked at his phone and read one word in all caps: DUCK!!! Raja instinctively dropped to the pavement and heard two muted popping sounds in rapid succession. Bullets zipped over his head and through the plate glass window in the storefront behind him. He was out in the open on the concrete sidewalk, an easy target for whoever was firing. Raja scanned for cover that wasn’t there and felt the adrenaline that flooded his body urging him to act.
One loud report from a gun echoed back and forth between the buildings.
Raja looked up in time to see a man crumple forward from the shadow of a doorway directly across the street from him. Raja whirled to his right and saw someone with arm extended pointing a handgun and striding rapidly toward the wounded man who was now writhing on the sidewalk.
Claus. Raja had forgotten he was there. Claus kicked away the silenced weapon the man had dropped when a bullet blew a hole through his shoulder. Claus pinned the man roughly to the pavement with his foot, keeping his Israeli-made Barak pistol aimed at the man’s head.
Raja got up and walked back to the picture window, inspecting the two holes that had been meant for him. He tapped his knuckle idly on the glass, and heard crackling as a spiderweb of cracks spread over the window.
Chapter Forty-five: Montezuma’s Revenge
After the loud pop of a champagne cork, the waiter filled four glasses with the golden fizzing liquid. It was three days after the attempt on Raja’s life, and he, Vinny, Dr. Becker and Detective Rafferty were having dinner at Wolfgang Puck’s restaurant to celebrate closing the case. Rafferty had agreed to come only after Raja had insisted, and only after Raja made it clear he would be picking up the tab. It wasn’t long before they dove into discussing the case.
“Who was the guy shooting at Raja?” asked Sharon.
“You mean the guy we found hogtied and bleeding on the city pavement?” said Detective Rafferty. He looked squarely at Raja.
Raja held his gaze without reacting.
“He’s a professional hit man,” continued Rafferty, “out of Detroit. He had been working for Michael Bates for a while. We tied him to the killings of Judge Griggsby and Jennifer Gowan. He also claims his partner was the one who bombed the Starbucks; but, of course, we can’t ask that guy since he was killed at Clarice Hope’s ranch.” Again Rafferty glared at Raja. “Anyway, the shooter has already taken a deal and rolled over on Bates as the one who hired him for the deaths I mentioned, and for two unrelated and previously unsolved murders.”
“So Bryce wasn’t the mastermind after all,” said Vinny, feeling partly vindicated.
“All right, all right, I may have jumped the gun on that one,” said Rafferty.
“Oh, no, Tommy, you were right,” said Raja. “Bryce had his fingers deep in the pie. He raised millions for the governor’s campaign from the Hollywood gay community by promising a favorable stance on pro-gay legislation and used some of the money to directly bribe judges. He also had Vinny kidnapped. That was all Stanley Bryce. In an odd way, you might say his were crimes of passion. While Stanley Bryce only thought that he was protecting the governor, he was actually covering for Bates and his scheme. Michael Bates was using Bryce to forward his own agenda.”
“Who is Michael Bates and what exactly was his agenda?” asked Sharon.
“Michael Bates, CEO and owner of SunGod Systems, was a brilliant computer programmer who invented and patented a programmable chip that was vital in the solar energy industry,” said Raja. “With the patent due to expire, he had to move up the timetable. He had a plan to bring U.S. government funding, Chinese investment, and his company together in a perfect storm that would net him billions of dollars from the patented device he owned.
“Bates sent Bryce the governor’s sex video, knowing it would compel him to act.”
“How did Bates get the video?” asked Sharon.
“Bates hired the men who recovered the video from the judge’s locker at the Hillcrest Country Club.”
“Then it never was about the sex video,” said Sharon.
“We had assumed Bryce was desperate to protect the governor when he kidnapped Vinny. He was, but there was a hidden agenda. Bates had been the one manipulating the technical specs to get government funds for several energy companies linked to his own. Through Bryce, he got the governor to help grease the wheels at the federal level. Bates was so leveraged that he needed the government grant money and the money the Chinese had promised to guarantee the long-term contracts for his chip. Without that, he and his company were going to be buried.
“It was the incriminating files on the fraud that Bates had to stop at any cost. That’s what got Sue Storm’s source killed. Any hint of impropriety would kill off the government funding and the investors, especially the Chinese, who are very cautious in the U.S. marketplace.”
“You said the governor was helping to get the funding Bates wanted,” said Sharon. “Then why would Bates use the sex video? He must have known you can’t put that kind of scandal back in the bottle once it’s out.”
“On the contrary, Bates was counting on it ruining the governor’s political career. He needed to end the governor’s term, fast and in an ugly way. Ironically, the governor’s stringent environmental protection agenda that paved the way for green energy, now was a major roadblock to the use of toxic compounds needed in certain green energy products. Simply put, those green energy companies were not yet green enough to pass their own muster. Bates needed the laissez-faire republicans back in power. Throwing Governor Black under the bus was the fastest way to get there. Bates’ insane but ingenious plan would kill two birds with one stone, protect his investments and take out the governor.”
“Then, when the investigation got too close, Bryce made the perfect scapegoat,” said Sharon.
“It almost worked, too,” said Raja. “He just didn’t count on Vinny.”
“I still say green energy is vital to protecting the environment,” said Vinny.
“And you would be right,” said Raja. “Even Bates, in his own way, was trying to make green energy happen. I would only argue that, in this case, the ends don’t justify the means.”
“His means being fraud and killing whoever threatened his plan,” said Rafferty.
“Precisely,” said Raja.
“So once it was clear that Vinny still had the documents and that the cat was out of the bag, why kill Raja?” asked Sharon. “Bates was already ruined financially. What good would it do?”
Detective Rafferty offered a theory. “I think Bates knew it was over, and just wanted to exact his pound of flesh. He saw Raja as the one person responsible for destroying him.”
“Montezuma’s revenge,” said Vinny.
“What? I thought that was a bad case of the runs,” said Rafferty.
“I’m talking about the real Montezuma—king of the Aztecs. When the Spanish conquistadors came to Mexico, they slaughtered Montezuma and most of his people. Although utterly defeated, the king did have his revenge. The Spaniards all got dysentery from drinking the local water, and most of them died.”
“So Raja ruined Bates, and Bates wanted a final measure of revenge,” said Sharon.
“Revenge, maybe,” said Raja. “On the other hand, sometimes crazy is just crazy.”
“True dat,” added Vinny.
“No kidding,” agreed Sharon. “Bates might have gotten off scot-free, if only he had let it go.”
“I don’t know about that,” said Raja. “I’m confident Vinny would have found him.”
“Bam shizzaam,” said Vinny.
“You did uncover most of the evidence,” said Sharon. “Without you, we never would have found out about Michael Bates.”
“And Raja would be dead,” said Rafferty. “You really should be buying Vinny something nice, don’t you think, Raja?”
“Hmmmmm,” said Vinny, rubbing her chin and teasing Raja.
“Vinny already has carte blanche for anything she wants from me,” said Raja.
“So, Bates used Bryce to keep himself at arm’s length from the whole mess,” said Sharon. “And the two men were not really working together.”
“Right. They were two men, joined by mutual crime and ambition, yet destined to destroy each other. And in the end they were both insane.”
“I see that now,” said Sharon. “What I still don’t understand is how did Vinny know to tell you to duck?”
“You want to answer that, Vinny?” asked Raja.
Vinny’s face lit up. “That night I was stuck on something Sue Storm had said. I remembered she was surprised on hearing about the sex video of the governor. We thought she had sent it to us, so I got to thinking.”
“I told you how dangerous that is,” said Raja.
“Shut it, Raj. When I took a second look at the video file I saw that my hunch was right. Someone had doctored it to look like it came from Sue Storm. I traced the code to the video file of the governor on Bryce’s computer, only that time it was doctored to look like it came from me. I traced both files to Michael Bates. When I couldn’t reach Raja, I hacked the security cameras on the street. A good camera is a lot more sensitive than the human eye and with proper adjustment I picked up the shooter hiding in the shadows across the street from Raja. I was just lucky on the timing.”
“I am pretty sure I am the lucky one,” said Raja.
“True dat,” Vinny added.
“You’re lucky to have someone like Vinny looking over your shoulder,” said Sharon.
“Raja does have some skills of his own,” said Vinny.
“Like his way of pissing people off,” said Rafferty.
“Speaking of that, who did shoot the man who tried to kill you, Raja?” asked Sharon.
“I can answer that in part,” said Rafferty. “Ballistics have already matched the bullets to the same ghost who stopped the killer at Clarice Hope’s ranch. Whoever he is.” Rafferty leveled his gaze at Raja.
“All I can say is it pays to have an angel on one shoulder and a ghost on the other,” said Raja.
“See what I mean?” said Rafferty. “You may have forgotten, Raja, but technically you are still in my personal custody.”
“Yes, what happened to those assault charges against you for attacking the governor?” asked Sharon.
“The governor dropped them like a hot potato after Bryce killed himself,” said Rafferty.
“What’s going to happen to Clarice Hope?” asked Vinny.
“Are you kidding? A woman like that always lands on her feet. Like a cat,” said Raja.
“Don’t you mean a cougar?” asked Rafferty.
“I stand corrected. However, she’s not as bad as you think. I do hope she finds someone who makes her happy.”
“If I were a betting man, I would say she is married again within the year,” said Rafferty.
No one took the bet.
Raja held up his glass to make a toast. “To the wheels of justice—they may turn slowly but, thankfully, they always do turn.”
Rafferty quickly added, “To a case closed. Finally.”
Everyone said in unison, “Here, here,” and they all drank.
The four friends chatted for a while over dessert. When they were done, they walked outside on Olympic Boulevard. Vinny held on to Detective Rafferty’s arm and asked him about his career in the LAPD. He certainly didn’t mind having such a pretty girl’s ear. The pair walked ahead, leaving Raja and Sharon alone.
As they strolled slowly, arm in arm, Raja leaned in close. “You know, Sharon, I don’t need to go back to Florida right away. Maybe you could get some time off.”
“I appreciate the suggestion, but you and Vinny probably have lots of details to take care of.”
“You do know that Vinny and I are just business partners, right?”
“Is that what you call it?”
“Really, it’s true,” he protested. “Admittedly, we do have a close relationship. Like family. We are partners and good friends, but that is all.”
“Uh-huh,” said Sharon, unconvinced. “Look, I’m not here to argue. You live a long way from LA, so unless a case brings you here.”
“I could think of other reasons to come to LA. And I have my own plane.”
“You’re sweet to say so, but let’s leave it at this. I’ll look forward to seeing you the next time a case brings you back to town. Deal?”
Raja couldn’t argue with her logic, and he was too much a gentleman to push her on it. “Deal.”
Epilogue
When it was time to go back to Clearwater, a phone call to Mickey found him enjoying some down time on the Colombian coast with two of the Bucs cheerleaders. He was in California the next day to pick up Raja and Vinny. Once the jet was in the air and heading home, Vinny and Raja settled into the soft leather seats of the private jet that was taking them back to Florida. Both were exhausted, but happy with the outcome of the case. The plane climbed to cruising altitude and leveled off.
“You two might want to see this.” It was Raja’s pilot, Mickey, who had the jet on auto pilot and was watching the satellite feed on a small screen in the cockpit. “Turn on Channel 30.”
Raja punched a button in the arm of his chair. A large flat-screen TV slid down from the ceiling into view. It was the reporter Sue Storm. “Michael Bates, the CEO of SunGod Systems, a Silicon Valley company was taken into custody outside his Corporate Headquarters in Mountain View, California. Bates was arrested and charged with multiple counts of conspiracy to commit murder, bribing of a government official and fraud. Sources close to the case allege that these events are connected to the recent suicide of the governor’s top aide, Stanley Bryce. The continuing investigation into misappropriation of federal funds may involve the governor and even officials in the White House.”
“Did you tell her that?” asked Vinny.
“She deserved a great story. This one has legs. I think we’ll see the governor resigning before it’s over.”
“You know there is no evidence directly linking to the White House. They may not have been involved.”
“True. But if you believe that, I’ve got some land in the Everglades I’d like to talk to you about.”
Neither of them spoke for a while. Their recent adventures had finally caught up to them. They both sank back into the seats while Mickey poured champagne. Vinny snorted softly while sipping hers.
“You know, this is getting to be an annoying habit of yours,” said Raja.
“It’s the bubbles. They tickle my nose.”
“Not that. I’m talking about you saving my life all the time.”
“Are you complaining?”
“Yes, and for good reason. A lesser man might feel his masculinity threatened.”
“Good thing you are not a lesser man.”
Raja chuckled. “I suppose you are right.” Then he added, feigning helplessness, “I guess I’m stuck with you.”
Vinny raised an eyebrow. “You’ve got that wrong, Raj. I’m the one who is stuck with you.”
“True dat, Vinny. True dat.”
~~~

Note from the Author
If you’d like to be notified of my new releases, sign up here. Your email address will not be shared with anyone.
Word of mouth is crucial for any author to succeed. If you enjoyed The Color of Greed, please leave a review, even if it’s only a line or two. It would make all the difference and would be very much appreciated.
Following is the prologue of Book Two in the Raja Williams series.
C’est la Vie: Prologue
Margaret Browning strolled along the Rue des Écoles, enjoying a holiday in Paris which her husband Phillip had been promising her for the past two years. Usually Dr. Phillip Browning’s academic commitments as ranking professor of literature at King’s College London in Westminster took precedence in their lives, leaving little time for holiday. However, a hastily convened conference in Paris on a newly discovered written work by nineteenth century French author Guy de Maupassant, and his wife’s persistence had finally won out. Today Phillip was somewhere inside the Institut de France, giddy over the possibility that a de Maupassant story had gone undetected for over one hundred thirty years and reeling with the opportunity to be one of the first to study it. Such a once in a lifetime happenstance overwhelmed and absorbed the professor completely, dimming the rest of the world and leaving his wife Margaret free to shop on her own. The day before, a small antique shop had drawn her interest, but a scheduled dinner with her husband’s colleagues had delayed her chance to explore it until now. As she neared the shop, she phoned Phillip, catching him waiting for the museum preservation room to finish preparing the next batch of documents he was to study.
“Margaret, I trust you have found something to entertain you?” said Phillip. He well knew how excited his wife was to be in Paris.
She was about to launch into an animated rundown of the places she had visited, when she spotted his wry humor. Without missing a beat, she said, “Why yes, Phillip, although I may have to hire an extra cab to carry all the expensive antiques I have purchased.”
Philip smiled. He and Margaret knew each other too well. “Where are you now?” he asked.
“I’ve just arrived at that shop you pulled me away from yesterday. They will surely have some bargains ... Oh dear.” The shop had all the curtains drawn together and the sign on the door read FERMÉ. Margaret looked at her watch, hoping it might be a short dinner break. Then she cupped her hands and peeked in through a gap in the window curtain. “Oh, dear lord,” she said.
“What is it, Margaret?” asked her husband, hearing the alarm in her voice.
Margaret never heard him. Her phone had already dropped to the sidewalk. Inside the shop, she saw a man strapped to a wooden chair. Two men held him roughly by the shoulders. Another man with a tattoo on his neck stood in front of the victim, alternately firing questions at him in French and pistol whipping his face.
Margaret could do nothing but stare, frozen by the sheer brutality of the scene. Her husband continued to call her name from the phone lying at her feet, but it was a faraway dream.
Finally the man with the tattoo forced the barrel of his gun into the other man’s mouth and pulled the trigger, splattering blood and brains on the men holding him.
The loud blast snapped Margaret from her trance. She backed up into the street. A small blue car screeched its tires, barely avoiding her, and the driver laid heavily on the horn. Margaret turned toward the car and watched the driver’s mouth move angrily as he passed by. Then Margaret remembered what she had just witnessed and she looked back to the shop, hoping that no one inside had noticed her.
An arm yanked aside the window curtain and she was face to face with the tattooed man. The evil in his gaze cut her to the bone. As adrenalin took over, Margaret turned and ran headlong across the busy boulevard, careening off the hoods of several cars before reaching the other side. She looked back and saw two men dart out of the shop across the way, guns drawn. She knew they were coming for her. With nowhere to run, she stood helplessly, resigned to a certain death.
Suddenly a blue and white police van she had not noticed swerved over to the curb in front of her and stopped. The side door opened.
“Montez! Montez!” said the officer in the van.
Needing no translation, she darted inside. The door slammed shut and the van sped away into the flow of traffic.
“Thank you so much,” said Margaret, to the two uniformed police officers who were in the back of the van with her. “You saved my life. Those men—” Her voice trailed off.
“You are safe now. What did you see?”
“I don’t know. A man with a tattoo.”
“Could you recognize him?”
“I will never forget his face. He shot a man. He killed him.”
The policemen spoke to each other rapidly in French.
There was an explosively loud crunch, and Margaret was thrown violently into the wall of the van. The van rocked and spun around, skidding to a stop. Woozy from a bump on the head, Margaret slumped to the floor. She tasted blood. One of the policemen was lying next to her, his head twisted at an odd angle.
She heard shouting from the front, then gunshots. The other policeman opened the side door and stepped out, disappearing to the rear. More gunshots, then nothing.
A long ten seconds later, a man in a black ski mask appeared in the side door opening and climbed into the van. When he reached down toward her, Margaret passed out.
C’est la Vie is available at all major book outlets.
About the Author
Jack Thompson is an international bestselling author finding voices in many genres. In addition to his popular Raja Williams mystery series, Jack writes science fiction, political thrillers, paranormal romance, children’s stories and fairy tales.
According to Jack, whether reading or writing, what makes a story great is how well it communicates to the reader. Whether presenting him with a hero he wishes he could be or a villain he chooses to hate, the characters must relate to the reader on a personal level. A reader will leave a good story in an improved condition. He may have learned something new about the world or himself, or simply been well entertained. That’s why Jack writes.

Other Titles from Jack Thompson
Raja Williams Mystery Series:
C’est la Vie (Book 2)
Swimming Upstream (Book 3)
Diamonds Never Die (Book 4)
Science Fiction:
Godmachine (novel)
Blue is for Boys (short story)
The Companion (short story)
Hangtime (short story)
Other:
The Rand Principle (novel/political thriller)
Lyrics for Living (book of poetry)
A Trick of the Eye (short story/adventure)

Contact Jack
email: jack@jackwrites.com
website: JackWrites
twitter: @jack_writes
facebook: Author Page
