Spades 
By Kristy Evans
A Smashwords Edition
Copyright © 2011 
Discover other titles by Kristy Evans
http://www.kristyevans.blogspot.com 
All rights reserved. This novel is a work of fiction. Any resemblance to peoples – living or deceased – is purely coincidental. Names, places, and characters are figments of the author’s imagination. It is illegal to reproduce this novel without written expressed consent from the author.  No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system, without the prior permission of the author.
This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, then please return it and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Chapter One
Listening to the blue minivan hum beneath us, there was no time to push the rewind button. With the seatbelt strained across my waist, wind seeped through my half-cracked window and brushed against my face. Violet mists trailed into the sky and created the stage for my new, foreign reality. The road sign read Welcome to Ouachita Forest when Kevin shoved his body through the open window. 
“Woooo!” He startled everyone. “Welcome home, ladies and gentlemen!” 
I expected him to add I’m the king of the world, but he didn’t. He drummed on the hood of the van and gave Arkansas the middle finger. Then he stretched his arms far above his head until I thought he was going to fall out of the window, get slaughtered under the van, or get yanked by the collar and die from innumerable road burns. In all instances I wished he had; I already liked him the least out of everyone. 
Blue shot up from her seat and spat, “Kevin, you’re an idiot,” before falling back down again. It was probably the only thing we’d ever agree on. She knew as much as I did that something was seriously wrong about Kevin. 
Their names weren’t that hard to memorize. Tre was the hot African guy with braids. Blue was the other girl besides me; she had countless tattoos all over her body and talked in a thick Russian accent. Kevin carried a knife in his back pocket and showed off a threatening demeanor every time I looked at him. Chris was the one who saved my life. He was rough around the edges. His chest was wide and burly and expanded through a white t-shirt, and his dark black hair ruffled when the wind hit it. He was also the one driving. All of them were at least six feet tall, except for Blue – she was shorter than the rest, closer to my height. They each had chiseled arms, six packs, and stone legs. They weren’t exactly the company I’d take home for a cup of tea, but I liked it that way. They were something different, a drug I never tried. 
Kevin shot me a look through the window. He was chewing on gum like farmers chewed on tobacco, and a hint of a smirk crawled to the corners of his mouth. Everything about him made me squirm. His beady eyes were blue and curious. His dimpled chin looked like someone hammered a nail through it and left a hole in his face. The mohawk haircut he wore included a tail running down the center of his back. I didn’t like the way he looked at me; it was obnoxious and rude. I just shifted my gaze in the other direction and focused on the seat in front of me. There, I concentrated on the back of Chris’s head. 
“Calise, is it?” Blue asked.
I nodded.
“Chris doesn’t meet a lot of new people. If he does, he never brings them here.” She wore a casual smirk. “Tell me. How’d the two of you meet? Was it a stroll in the park?” 
Chris shot her a look in the mirror.
 “I know, boss. I just want to hear it from her,” she mumbled and stared back like I was a spectacle of entertainment, a very bad one. They all waited, expecting some long juicy tale, but I didn’t have one. 
 “I slit my wrist in a bathroom. He found me there,” I answered.
They blinked twice, except for Blue. She rolled her eyes and gave a short, hard laugh. “That’s great. You tried to kill yourself and now you want to be here with a bunch of people you don’t know. What do you want from us?”
“Enough.” Chris cut her off before she could finish. “That’s enough.”
I didn’t want to be Blue’s enemy but she was clearly making it that way. She didn’t know anything about me and she was already poised to claw my eyes out. She shot a cold glare my way as if to say ‘this isn’t over, punk.’ But I turned the other way and stared out the window. It was better to look outside at the blur of trees than shrivel under her vindictive gaze. 
For the next five minutes no one said a word. I wish I hadn’t said anything. I didn’t want them throwing the suicide incident in my face later or turning the situation into a joke. But I wasn’t sure how much Chris told them already. It was too late now; they already knew my secret. Besides, I was too focused on my stomach growling louder than the engine. It was a direct result of negligence since I forgot to eat something before we left LAX. I’d been too caught up in the bliss of running away. Wondered if dad even noticed I was gone yet. He was probably too busy escorting his beloved Laura to another marvelous theatre performance.
“Are you hungry?” The voice trailed back like a string of satin on an autumn breeze. Chris was looking at me through the rear-view mirror, and I realized everyone else around us had fallen asleep. 
 “Oh yeah, sure.” The words came out weak and strangled. “Sure,” I repeated and cleared my throat, wondering if he could hear my stomach gargling. 
Staring at the freshly knitted scars on my wrists, I pondered the line between chance and fate. It must’ve been fate that Chris found me at the La Traviata operetta, rescuing me from that mocking hole called death; it was mocking because it took my mother’s life and not mine. 
Given Chris’s profession, it made sense why he’d been at the operetta. He explained he was on a business assignment and found me lying in the bathroom with gashed wrists. I asked him what he was doing in the women’s bathroom, and he said I looked familiar, so he followed me to the bathroom stall to see if I was the person he assumed, which I wasn’t. 
Afterward, he took me to his marble mansion in Laguna Beach (instead of the hospital) and bandaged me up so I wouldn’t bleed to death. He told me he had some experience with stitching wounds, but I wondered why he cared at all. He never told me his intentions for saving my life, and I didn’t ask. I was just grateful he found me instead of my dad. Plus the scars healed up nicely. For the entire night, he stared at me with these soul-piercing eyes like we’d known each other. I remembered the near end-scene of my life like it happened moments ago, but in reality, a full twenty-four hours passed since we were alone together in his mansion. After being with him last night, there was no doubt in my mind that I had to stay with him. 
I could remember the hum of his air conditioner, and the way he knelt down beside me when I first opened my eyes.
“What’s your name?” he asked, a strand of hair dangling over his eye.
“Calise.”
He didn’t even blink. “Calise,” he whispered in a beautiful Spanish accent. “I’m Chris.”
There was no reason for me to stay in California. I pleaded to come away with him and be a part of his team. I never wanted to leave his side. He was initially reluctant of my running away with him, probably because he didn’t want a dysfunctional teenager getting into the mix of things. He even tried bribing me, coming up with a million reasons for me to stay in California. But he eventually said yes. Strangely, he had a hard time saying no to anything I asked for or wanted. And I needed some new adventure in my life, some time away from Carl. Fortunately, Chris’s friends looked around my age, so I didn’t feel too incongruous. 
Looking outside the window, I always thought Arkansas would look like a desert from one of those Palm Desert Magazines. To my surprise, it was the complete opposite. The greenery was nice and easier to deal with than city traffic or angry drivers flipping each other off. Fiery waves dwindled from the sky. A thin fog smothered the windows. Trees swayed on both sides of the road. The town was at ease as I stared at the back of Chris’s head, which was firmly pressed against the seat in front of me. His hair fluttered in the wind, and it was messy in an effortless, controlled way. I wondered how it would feel sliding between my fingers. We soon pulled into a shabby old gas station. Prices were scribbled on scraps of white cardboard, and we neared a pump with a rusted handle on it.
 Tre was the first one to step out of the van. “Need anything out of here, coach?” 
 “The usual’s fine,” Chris answered.
 Blue and Kevin trailed shortly behind. “Hurry up.” She nudged Kevin out the door. Seeing them together was like watching an action movie as they moved toward the dimly lit minimarket. Once they did, an old man slugged toward the van, tapping on the glass. He looked like he’d been sleepwalking.
 “Who’s there? What are you kids doing around this part?” he asked. 
Chris rolled down the window. “It’s me Sam.”
“Oh, yea, how’ve you been? Ain’t seen you around since last February.” He turned to me with stretched eyes and a smile. “What have you got there? You brought along a cute little penny, too. Ain’t she pretty?” 
Chris handed him a hundred dollar bill. 
 “All right then. I’ll fill her up.” 
 “Thanks, Sam,” Chris replied and peered through the mirror. “You should get something to eat. You’ll be hungry later.”
Startled by the brown eyes reflecting back at me, I almost forgot about the grumblings going on inside my stomach. “Right,” I agreed and opened the door. “Do you want anything?” I asked too fast, remembering Tre already asked him.
 “I’m fine.” He looked ahead. 
I could tell an invisible wall had formed between us. Something had changed in him, and he was more standoffish than when we were alone together last night. I didn’t understand why he’d suddenly grown distant. It must’ve been because we were here with his friends. He probably decided having me for company was a mistake. I must’ve said something or done something wrong, and he was going to tell me to leave soon. I could feel it, and I didn’t want to go anywhere. I wanted to be right where he was, even if it meant being grilled by his shady accomplices. Right now, he was my new hero. So I tried to make up something, anything to make him look at me. 
 “Hey, um, thanks again. For everything,” I said, tightening my hands.
He stared off in front of him. “Don’t mention it.” His tone was cold, mean even. What was his problem? At least with Carl and Laura, they were consistently irritating. With this guy I didn’t know what to expect. One minute he was warm, the next he was cold. 
I climbed out of the van and grabbed the sliding door, snapping it shut. The others were already on their way back when our paths crossed in an awkward twine. They had bags under their arms and a load of other stuff that was probably molded and gross from being locked inside this Arkansas cave; the store had to be at least a zillion years old. 
Tre was talking to Kevin when they burst into laughter, and I knew they were talking mess about me. Blue followed behind them with a pack of water bottles over her shoulder and seemed to be handling more weight than the guys. I knew she was looking in my direction, so I just stared at the ground. Living with them was going to be a nightmare. But nothing could be worse than living with Carl and Laura and watching them fall in love while I inwardly suffered. I’d just have to deal with whatever came my way. 
As I opened the front glass door, I found a pile of orange baskets near the wall and grabbed one from the stack. Skimming over the food supply, I threw in candy bars, microwavable dinners, and every chip bag that was left on the shelf; I would’ve headed straight for the juice packs, but they were out of my favorite flavor. 
The lady at the register was having a bad day. She pouted, scanning my items. “Is that all?” 
I noticed the van was pulled beside the curb, which was probably Chris’s subtle way of saying, “put a move on it.” So I grabbed my bags from the cranky register lady and hastened out. Kevin was already sitting in the passenger’s seat with his elbow against the window frame, staring out with a mischievous grin that reminded me of Heath Ledger in the Batman movie. It made me wonder why he carried a knife in his pocket and what he planned on using it for. I climbed into the back, already shucking one of my candy bars. 
 “Can we enlighten your new friend here on the rules?” Kevin shot me a look as the bar hung from my mouth. Everyone stared at me, including Chris. “No chocolate,” Kevin answered his own question.
 “We don’t eat trash.” Tre grabbed my packages and peeked inside. He held the bag out in front of me. After a moment’s hesitation, I relinquished the bar of sin, watching him shoot my dinner straight through the window, aiming for the trash bin. “Whoop, there it is.” 
Kevin looked up. “Nah man, you missed.”
“Or did I?” Tre smirked.
When I looked again, the brown bag he’d thrown wasn’t on the ground anymore. It was inside the trashcan like it’d been there the whole time. I blinked twice and had a hard time believing my eyes. “Wait a minute. Did you see that? I swear it was just on the ground a second ago.”
The group looked at each other and turned away.
“You don’t know what you saw,” Blue finally said. 
“From now on you eat like the rest of us.” Tre tossed a bag of nut trail mix onto my lap.
 “If that’s a problem, don’t let the door hit you on the way out,” Blue added.
I frowned and nibbled on a raisin. This was going to be tougher than I thought. No candy? No rich, melted, chocolaty substance sliding down my throat? But it was either this, or going back home to deal with my dad and stepmom. My real mom wasn’t here anymore, so I was having a hard time being happy for Carl. I didn’t like him remarrying so soon after mom died. He should’ve found consolation with his daughter, and not with his pretty blonde secretary. I’d have to start all over again and search for a new purpose in life, a new identity. I needed to get as far away from Laura and Dad as possible. Being with Chris and his gang offered that opportunity. This profession was my ticket out, and also my new beginning. This was exactly where I needed to be.
When Chris revved the engine, I stared at the trash bin one last time. My brown bag was still on top of the empty pop cans. Tre was in the seat beside me, listening to music on his headphones. Something wasn’t right about this group. I knew for sure the bag had landed on the ground and ended up in the trashcan a second later. No one could’ve physically moved it. Tre missed his target altogether, and yet, everyone was pretending like nothing happened.
Chris sent us flying out of the gas station and down the deserted road. It seemed like the van was a great big weight, restricting his creativity and trying his patience when all he really wanted was to burst the thermometer. Some hours later we pulled into a slanted driveway. Pebbles crunched under tires, and shadows emerged from the glare of the moon, showing off a pointed rooftop and medieval statues. The castle-like mansion stood concealed behind an eerie group of oak trees with the attributes of a haunted house. 
 “We’re here,” Kevin announced.
Chris turned off the engine and slumped back. Everyone fell silent. They seemed to be contemplating, preparing themselves for something unknown. I knew this was their home and training ground. Chris told me everything, and they’d obviously been here plenty of times before. So why did they look at the house strangely, like it was a foreign place? Their unbroken glances confounded me, and I wanted to know what mysterious subject lingered in their thoughts. 
Tre slid the door open, sniffing the air. “Mmm, smell that?”
 “Smells like rain.” Kevin lifted the bag over his shoulder.
The air was crisp as I stepped onto the circular dirt trail. A small draft trickled down my back, and I clasped my jacket. “Is it always this cold?” 
Chris smiled. “Only in the winter.” 
It was mid-February, and the temperature was at least seventy degrees when we first got here a few hours ago. Now it dropped below fifty, and I wanted to tackle Chris for the extra sweater he was carrying. But Blue rushed by so fast I nearly got whiplash. Her grey tank top showed off a cute heart-shaped belly ring that had glittery stones on it. Loose grey sweats also revealed the butterfly tattoo on her left hip. 
She slowed down behind the guys and bullied her way through. “Move.” 
Leaves crackled under my shoes as I studied the new environment. This wasn’t what I had in mind when Chris first told me about this place. I imagined we’d be training somewhere more sophisticated with high-class equipment to whip us in shape and nice marble floors, like how it was at his mansion in Laguna Beach. But there was nothing modern about this place – it looked like an old cemetery. And I’d be staying inside this scary-looking house, hidden in the deep woods of Arkansas where no one could find me. On top of that, it was about to rain. This situation couldn’t get any creepier.
My attention waned from the crow statue, which was face down on the doorstep, and I realized the others were inside. The door was discolored shades of grey, and I pushed it forward, listening to the sound of old splintering wood. I was shocked to find the interior lavishly refined. Oakwood glistened and released the scent of ripe tangerines. Dim lights dazzled from the chandelier and filled the mansion with a low, mellow mood. The other musketeers shuffled up the log staircase, and I followed after them, listening to our shoes squeak with each step, echoing against the walls. I was anxious to find Chris’s face, but he was nowhere to be found. It wasn’t like him to leave me un-escorted and alone; something had definitely changed in him.
When we finally reached the top, I watched them scurry off while I stood in the hallway, unsure of which way to turn. I ended up following a subtle beam down the corridor. It seemed to be coming from the end of the hall. There, light seeped through a lonely room with double doors.
 “Hello?” I pushed the cracked doors open and blinked twice. My blood flow reversed and turned my head into a light air bubble. Oh hell. Low, angry snarls escaped. A white tiger was crouched beside the bed. Its eyes widened. Its lips curled over razor sharp teeth. I blinked again. This couldn’t be for real. I didn’t just get sucked into the Discovery Channel. The wild animal looked at me, alert, agitated, and probably hungry. 
 “Down, girl,” the voice commanded, startling both of us. A shadow magically emerged from the bathroom, and Chris walked in shirtless. 
I gulped. 
“Her name’s Missy,” he said. His back was broad, spreading out like eagle wings. Fur covered his chest, trailed down, and I wanted to twist my fingers in all of it. I felt savage watching this man like an obsessive spy, but I couldn’t turn away. He continued stroking the tiger’s coat while looking directly at me. “Easy, girl,” he whispered. The command was for Missy, but the hairs on my neck prickled. The swirling warmth in my stomach made me nauseous, and I didn’t know whether it came from the vicious white tiger, or Chris’s hot naked chest. 
I cleared my throat. “Whoa. She just popped out of nowhere.”
 “We have a caretaker. Ellen. She comes here to look after Missy when we’re gone.”
 “Really? I didn’t see anyone else here.”
 “She knew we’d be arriving soon. She left early. I told her it’d be alright to leave Missy in my room.” 
 “Doesn’t Missy have a cage?”
He chuckled and stared up at me. “Yes,” he answered. “I’m sorry she startled you.” 
I tried to think of something cool to say. “Nice pet.”	
He smiled. “I don’t think she’s meant to be nice, Calise.”
It should’ve been illegal for him to say my name. There was too much warmth beneath his tongue when he said it, too much heat in this small confined room. It was the first time I drew in the roasted almond scent emanating from his burning candles on the nightstand. The wooden walls were covered in simple, earthy art. Antique vases stood in corners. His brown and gold bedspread was the highlight, complimenting a tall triangular ceiling. 
My attention was snatched and consumed by the portrait hanging above his mantel. It was the face of a girl who had brown hair, round eyes, caramel skin, and not a year over twenty. She and I shared an undeniable resemblance, almost identical. I wanted to think more of it, to marvel at the coincidence of this girl hanging on his wall, but was too absorbed by Chris pacifying the beast. I envied her. The tips of his fingers spread through her coat and rolled across her skin . . . I barely missed him slipping on a black shirt and lifting my luggage. 
 “Come on,” he summoned, rambling down the hall and smacking his teeth twice for Missy. 
She obeyed and snarled at me under her snout. As we traveled up another staircase, it seemed separate from the rest of the house, like a secret hide-away. I realized we were drawing near an attic. At any other time, I would’ve been afraid; the path was so quiet and full of creaks. But Chris helped me overcome. I’d stumble here and there just so I could fall against him, just so he would catch me. Each time he rescued me from a wedge in the floor he asked, ‘”Are you always like this?” before springing me up again.
Finally I stopped and turned to him. “Is something wrong? You’ve been distant ever since we left for the airport this morning.”
He halted at my side. “Really? I don’t mean to be. I wasn’t expecting you to be here this soon, that’s all.” 
I was slightly confused that he’d been expecting me at all. “Do you want me to leave?”
“No. That’s not what I meant.”
“You brought me all the way to Arkansas so you could close me out? I don’t know anyone else here but you.”
He touched my arm. “You should know I’d never close you out. But things are going to be different now that you’re one of my potential students. You’re going to see a side of me you haven’t seen. You shouldn’t take this side personally. It’s part of my job.”
“Oh yes. Your job, I almost forgot,” I said, nudging him. “As a matter of fact, I’m looking forward to it. I can’t wait to get started.” 
He observed me with a careful eye.
When we finally reached the attic, it was a lively and creative room. The bed was layered with colorful quilts, the top one being yellow-spotted. Every dresser was covered in scarves and fictitious plants, and a line of framed sketches hung on the walls. Though it wasn’t the work of a famous artist, it was definitely by someone who aspired in the profession. Medieval statues sat in every corner. One was a pair of V-shaped wings resting on a stone platter. Music stickers crowded the headboard, and a deep-seated reverence flushed Chris’s countenance the moment we walked in, like he just opened up a treasure chest.
He stood by the door. “There’s another room downstairs if you’d like.”
 “No, I like it here.” My fingers trailed over a sketch. It was the drawing of a lake surrounded by thick willow trees. “Beautiful,” I whispered, admiring the delicate shading. “Who drew this?”
He posted one foot against the door. “Her name should be signed at the bottom. She was into pottery and sculpting as well. She liked to make things on her free time.”
I glanced at the initials. “JE,” I read and looked over at Chris. His eyes were tight lines, squinting, seeking for something in my face, and I looked away, setting the drawing down. “Thank you, Chris. For letting me come here. I needed a place to go, and you made it happen.”
 “Don’t thank me yet. We start in the morning,” he answered and waited for me to speak. When I didn’t say anything else, he started to draw the door closed. 
“Wait,” I said.
He paused and looked at me.
“I know this might sound strange, but when we were together last night, I felt something different. I can’t explain what it was exactly. But I never felt this way before, not with anyone. Am I crossing the line by asking if you felt the same way?”
He wouldn’t look in my eyes. “I wish I could answer that, Calise. Goodnight.” 
After he shut the door, I glanced over the room again and started wandering around. I couldn’t believe I was being forced to forget the very thing that inspired me to come here. The spark between Chris and I was my biggest motivation and reason for running away with him, and he wanted me to forget my favorite part of the story because he needed to stay ‘professional.’ Fine. I could try. But it wasn’t going to be easy.  
Staring over the attic, everything on the outside was vibrant and colorful, but something else lingered here, weighing on the room like an invisible current. The scarves that were draped over the drawers turned out to be head coverings. One was scarlet and silk and worn around the edges. I tugged it from underneath the plant and saw a black spade knitted on the center of it, almost like it’d been hand-sewn. 
 “What’s up with that smell?” I grumbled.
It reeked strongly of mildew, and I made a quick trip to the bathroom to give it a good washing. The spade was such an odd shape for someone to randomly knit that I wondered who came up with the idea, or how they managed to sow a spade without ripping it apart. But the scarf was a cute accessory, an easy fit into my wardrobe, and I played with the material some more, trying it on and making different styles in the mirror . . . until I ran out of ideas and snuggled under the covers, dropping the red scarf over my face. 
Then I dreamed.
Chapter Two
The basement turned out to be a very large gym. Benches and stability balls and yoga mats and balance beams and weight-lifting equipment made the items in my exercise room look like props on Sesame Street. There weren’t any treadmills, automated bikes, or workout machines that required a plug. My guess was we were doing this the old fashioned way. 
At exactly 6am, Chris showed me around the castle, pointing out everyone’s room. From there, he took me to his personal office and indicated the phone I’d be using if I wanted to make any outside calls. He explained I’d be getting a special cell phone soon, because each member in the house had one. These cell phones were restricted, and we could only use them to call each other. 
Lastly, we visited Missy’s cage (or stowaway tank), which was located on the other end of the house, opposite the attic, far enough away that I felt safe again. I posted against the gym’s wall and tapped my fingers, eagerly waiting for Chris to return from his office. He said he had an important phone call to make, and instructed me to wait here. Kevin and Blue stretched in front of the mirrors and didn’t seem to notice my standing there. They kept to themselves and didn’t say a word, probably because it was too early in the morning for conversation. 
 Tre was the first one to speak up. “What’s up?” He sauntered in, pulling a shirt over his head. He high-fived Kevin and started chatting about some video game he’d just won. They laughed and cheered and soon forgot about the warm-up.
Stretching my limbs, I looked over and saw Chris striding through the swinging doors. He had on black sweats, a white tee, and a silver whistle hung from his neck. My heart hiccupped at the sight of him. The crease between his brows was serious. His posture was full of strength and certainty. Missy trailed behind him with a snarl in her throat. She appeared to be growling in my direction, but I ignored her and waved at Chris. He waved back, calling me over. So I shuffled across the room to join the others.
 “Good morning.” He greeted everyone with a loud clap. “Starting today, things are going to be different around here. You've all met Calise. She’s going to be training with us for the next few months. If you can remember your first day here, you can also remember how easy it was to feel left out. So play nice.” 
The three musketeers exchanged looks. Blue eyed me down, and I could tell by their expressions that they were going to tear me apart. It’s not like I wanted to be the sore-thumb loser either. It would’ve been nice if there were some other rookies around so I wouldn’t have to feel the pressure of being a newbie. 
 “Alright, let’s go!” Chris blew his whistle.
Everyone dropped to the floor and started doing crunches, and I followed behind them, doing a series of push-ups, lunges, lifting, and short sprints. Their movements were all in sync like Bally’s Total Fitness times fifty, and all I could hear was the sound of my own lungs gasping for air. Which was fairly noticeable, since no one else was panting. 
Their shoulders didn’t slouch. Their heads didn’t hang in fatigue. Even their faces looked calm and serene, like they were about to go skinny-dipping at the beach. I thought I was in shape before, but obviously not. Halfway into practice I crawled into one of the corners and coughed up yesterday’s grilled cheese sandwich. 
 “Have you eaten anything today?” Chris placed a hand on my shoulder.
 “No.” I bent back over. 
He sent me upstairs to eat from a fruit bowl he’d made himself earlier, which helped. The spinning in my head stopped and my stomach wasn’t floating anymore, but no amount of food was going to make me as good as them. These guys really had their game together. When I returned to the basement, everyone was exiting the gymnasium with towels wrapped around their necks. Chris halted at my side. “How are you?” 
 “Better,” I replied and forced a weak smile. 
We followed his friends to the indoor swimming pool, which was on the farthest end of the basement, close to Missy’s cage. Chris said this pool was for our practicing sessions only, and the outdoor pool was for our leisure. 
Everyone, except for Chris and I, took off their first layer of clothes and dove straight into the deep-end, splashing water across my shirt as I eagerly tossed my shoes. 
 “Calise, you can relax.” Chris pulled a chair from the table and tapped on the headrest. “Just sit here for now.”
 “But I feel better,” I said. “I can do it now.” 
 “I know you can. I’d just like you to watch for a while and take notes. Alright, let’s go!” He turned back around, facing the group. 
*
For the next couple of weeks, I studied and memorized their every move, taking in Chris’s words and jotting down notes. Watching them excessively allowed me some insight into their personalities based on their movements. Tre was the quick and impulsive one while Kevin’s moves were more aggressive. Blue was smooth and daring like a cat with nine lives. When they came together, there was no separation between them, no way to distinguish the best from the worst; they were just three bold personalities meshed into one. 
Chris never trained with them, so I couldn’t decide what he was like in comparison. I just knew he was the head boss: simple, direct, and superior. He was caretaker and naturally gifted to be in charge. Since that day at the pool, he permitted me train with the rest of the group, even though it was impossible for me to keep up with them. Each day was a gradual improvement.
With Chris’s permission, I started going to the gym at nightfall to practice alone. I needed more time to train if I was going to catch up with them. 
Tonight, I did the same thing. I practiced in the gym and ended up falling asleep near the warm-up mirrors. At a quarter past five in the morning, I woke up and let out a short yawn. My fingers slid over the edges of my notebook resting across my chest. Having slept on a stack of yoga mats, I focused on the cracks in the ceiling and listened to music play on my iPod. 
My body was sore and numb in most places, but I liked waking up in the gym and being the first here in the morning. It was a good way to show Chris and his friends how serious I was about being here. This profession was my convenient distraction. Even though it was drastic and completely opposite from a life in Beverly Hills, I had my reasons for being here. One reason was I needed to get away from Carl and Laura’s happiness. Second reason was I needed to find my own. Third reason was I needed to privately grieve my mom’s exit. Chris, however, was biggest reason of them all. I’d been on the brink of dying, and he was the only one who showed up and offered help, the only one who heard my despair and took me under his wings. That’s all the motivation I needed. Of course I was going to feel emotionally indebted to him. He was my last string of hope and reason for living.
At first, I wasn’t sure how I felt about him saving my life, since I had every intention of ending it. But the longer I stayed here, the better I felt about this arrangement, and the happier I was to be alive.
Soon my eyes drifted and grew heavy. 
Voices emerged from the ceiling, and I stood and stretched my legs, circling out the cranks in my neck. It sounded like Kevin and Blue were upstairs, probably getting food. They always came down a few minutes before Tre, so I rolled up the mat and carried the blue foam under my arm, walking toward the mirror. 
For a moment, I stared at myself. My lips were slightly chapped as I rubbed them together. The inner rings of my eyes looked tired and pale. Then something strange happened, something that should’ve been impossible. My reflection didn’t move. The ‘other me’ on the other side of the mirror wasn’t carrying anything in its arms, even though mine were clearly full. Her round oval eyes were fixed into mine, staring grievously. I studied the image closer, until her lips moved . . . when mines did not.
 “Run,” she whispered. 
I woke up staring at the ceiling. My eyes fluttered wildly. I was still inside the gym where I’d fallen asleep, lying on the mat as though my life had just rewound itself. I could hear Kevin and Blue’s voices nearing the basement, and I leaped up from the floor, gathering the mat and avoiding all contact with the mirrors. I tried to calm my nerves, assuring myself it was just a dream. The girl in the mirror didn’t really exist. I must’ve had too much to eat before I went to bed, which brought about the strange dream.
Still, the hairs on my neck prickled. 
Before I had time to recover, Blue and Kevin entered the gym, halting their discussion when they saw me scurrying in their direction. But I was too freaked out to care. I ran down the hallway, straight into the bathroom and locked the door. The dim light was comforting as I stood in front of the sink, rinsing my face and staring into the mirror.
 “Pull it together,” I told myself, waiting for the ‘other me’ to reappear and laugh in a ghastly way. But after a few seconds, nothing happened. My reflection didn’t change into something else; I wasn’t going to get sucked into mirror land and die in an infinite pool of glass, so I patted my clothes and headed back into the hallway. As my breathing evened, I accepted the fact I’d just had a really bad dream. I couldn’t very well go up to Chris and demand him to explain. Professionals didn’t let bad dreams scare them off. So I stood tall, held my tongue, and went back to practice. 
When I returned to the gym, everyone was already warming up, and Chris told me to have a seat and watch from the sides. He probably thought I’d shown up late, and when I tried to explain what happened, he didn’t give me a chance to go into details. He threw up one hand dismissively, and I let it go. 
Grabbing my notebook from the floor, I sat in the corner and started drawing shapes. While the others were busy doing their daily run-through, I couldn’t concentrate on anything. I kept seeing that familiar girl’s figure in the mirror, mocking me, telling me to run. 
Chris was also starting to get under my skin. Did he really expect me to sit here and do nothing? Relax and take notes? I needed these practices more badly than anyone else here, and he wasn’t even making a solid effort to get me caught up. He could at least be coaching me himself, so I could catch up faster without everyone else around to distract us.
 “Pull those elbows in!” Chris ordered.
We watched Blue climb the rope effortlessly as usual. She reached the top of the line and slid back down, letting her feet kiss the ground. 
 “How bad I do, coach?” she asked, as if it were possible for her to do a terrible job. 
Chris studied the watch and tossed her the timer. 
She gawked, shoving into his arm like she’d just won the jackpot. “No way.” She ran straight to the mirrors and started doing the cha-cha, making faces and laughing at her accomplishment. This was a side I’d never seen before; she was always mean or focused on pleasing the coach. 
The glitter in Chris’s eye was priceless. His favorite student, or at least the one he gave the most attention to, just made a record-breaking time, one that she obviously worked hard on getting, and there was no denying the excitement they both felt in her moment of triumph. 
She jumped onto Kevin’s back. “Woohoo!”
Hey, let me see that.” Kevin grabbed the timer out of her hand. “This is some serious business right here.” 
Tre hovered behind them. “Nice work, squirrel monkey.”
 “Don’t be a hater, Tre, it makes you look bad.” She climbed off Kevin’s back. “Oops. I forgot you can’t look any worse.” 
Tre rolled his eyes and continued with Kevin toward the indoor pool, but I stayed behind, closing my notebook and listening to Blue and Chris near the mirrors. 
“I know what you’re thinking,” she said. 
“What am I thinking?”
“You’re thinking that I’m the best partner ever, and as much as you won’t admit it, you wish you were Kevin right now.” She whispered the last part and ran off giggling. 
I was surprised by the horns of envy that emerged out of my head. I didn’t like her being so close to Chris. What did she mean that she was the best partner ever and Chris wished he were Kevin right now? What kind of sick joke was that? If she and Kevin was a couple, it wasn’t right to tease Chris about it, like he was missing out on a piece of ass. 
I tried ignoring what happened, but their little exchange kept bubbling to the front of my mind like an evil movie. I had to keep reminding myself that it wasn’t any of my business if Blue was a loose cannon; that was her thing. I just had trouble accepting her thing included Chris.
Soon, we caught up with others and entered the indoor poolroom. I sat in the same green chair that Chris had pulled out for me on my first day.
 “Alright, let’s get focused,” Chris said and watched everyone gathered at the farthest end of the pool. “You know the rules. Stay inside the lane. Watch your arms. Remember this isn’t a race, Kevin.”
Kevin winked at Blue, which meant it was a race – it was always a race. “Sure thing, coach.” 
 “Got it, boss,” Tre said. 
 “We’re ready,” Blue replied. 
The pool was made to help prepare us for underwater security; Chris explained our future assignments would include confronting beams underwater. Seeing these yellow laser beams shoot inside the pool wasn’t exactly like seeing glow sticks in the dark. These things were larger, brighter, and definitely more consequential. If anyone hit a beam, the line turned red and everyone failed the assignment. But since they were a skilled, impeccable group, and no one ever made a mistake, timing and form were the only things that mattered. Each member of the group swam over each beam with consistently fluid strokes, throwing one arm in front of the other. Their rhythm was poetic, and not even the Olympics had seen this kind of talent. 
 “Keep those chins down!” Chris ordered, blurring my train of thought. “You’re movin’ like molasses, Kevin, let’s go!” 
I couldn’t stop looking at him. The coach’s chin was flexed in a tight and focused way. I should’ve been taking notes and paying attention, but once again, I was caught up in the moment and found myself curling my legs, listening to him give orders. Observing his backside from the corner of the table, I nearly melted into a pile of chocolaty dip. 
Muscles bulged through his shirt, despite the shirt being a loose fit, and it showed that he wasn’t trying to be sexy; he was just naturally built that way. He must’ve heard my thoughts because he peered over his shoulder and held my gaze unreservedly. “That’s enough for today.” He blew the whistle.
 “What’s the matter, coach?” Blue asked, swimming to the edge.
 “What’s good?” Kevin asked.
He turned to face the others. “I said it’s not a race. That’s what I meant. If you focus outside of your lane, if you take one glimpse off center, that’s it. That’s all it takes. Now get out of here. I need a break.”
 We expected him to elaborate about his sudden change of mood and explain where this strong emotion was coming from. But he just stomped toward the exit and left the door swinging after him. His reaction was surprising, and once he was gone, everyone’s enthusiasm faded, including mine. Why did he look at me that way, like I’d just offended him? I was flirting, big deal. Every girl secretly fantasized about being with an older guy at least once in her life; it wasn’t a ticket to propose. 
Blue and Kevin started arguing, blaming one another for Chris’s outburst. Tre rolled his eyes like it was their fault, and I used the opportunity to find out what was bothering our coach.
*
I found Chris standing on the hilltop. “Some weather huh?”
He watched the pear-colored sky. Then he turned around with a smile. Slowly, he positioned himself to the ground. “Have a seat with me, Calise.”
I looked in the direction of the castle, expecting the others to find us down on the hill, but when no one did, I knelt beside him and allowed a small space between us. “I wasn’t sure if I should follow you here. Is something the matter? You seemed real edgy in there.”
He evaded my question. “How do you like being here so far? Are you ready to go home?”
 “No!” I blurted. “I like it here. I think your friends are really talented.”
He chuckled, leaning back. “It certainly looks that way. They’ve had years of good training. If you’ve been here as long as they have, you’d be the same. No one expects you to be on their level. Spend more time doing what you’ve been doing. You’ll be fine.”
I nodded and looked ahead at the lowering sun.
“What do you think about my profession, Calise? Does this sort of thing scare you?” 
“If it did, I wouldn’t have run away with you. I’m here because I don’t feel bad about it. I guess my only question is why. Why are you a thief? You could easily stop what you’re doing and still be well-off.”
He sighed thoughtfully. “’Why’ is a good question. I guess it’s just part of our system. We’re good at we do, and this works for us. Having a lot of resources is what keeps us safe from the outside world.”
When he said ‘outside world’ I could hear a slight hesitation in his voice, like those words had a double meaning behind them. “I didn’t know you needed protection from the outside world.”
“Maintaining this lifestyle isn’t easy,” he went on. “If we stopped doing what we do, everything would crumble. Our gold would run out and so would our safety. It’s not about us being greedy. It’s about us having enough to stay above the law. When we’re above the law, no one can touch us. No one can imprison us. It’s our job to keep it that way.”
I nodded in understanding. It was starting to make sense why Chris and his gang needed to continue their sport. They needed to stay in a powerful position in order to feel safe, so they wouldn’t be threatened. Money allowed them to do that.
Besides, they already started this intense thieving pattern, and it was going to be hard for them to stop. It was so embedded in their ways, it’d become like a tradition. And I wasn’t going to judge them or feel awful for joining their group. I knew fate led me here for a reason.
I decided to change the subject to something more personal. “I like it here because you’re here. I know I’m not allowed to say that, but it’s the truth.”  
He stared ahead and let a moment skip between us. “Do you have a boyfriend in California, Calise?”
The question took me off guard. It was the first time he’d asked me anything about my love life. Hearing him say the word boyfriend made me feel somewhat hopeful. “No.”
 “Good. It’s easier that way. You’ll be able to focus more.”
My belly sunk at a rapid speed. I already didn’t like where this conversation was headed. “Guys my age aren’t exactly mature enough.”
 “I see.”
 “I wouldn’t have time for one.”
 “I saw you looking at me earlier.”
 “What?” 
 “By the pool. You were looking at me.”
I turned away and answered him, “I don’t know what you’re talking about. I was just watching them race.”
 “It’s alright. My students have their own reasons for being here, Calise. Your reasons for being here are your business. But nothing here should distract you, nothing at all. I think you know what I mean. It’ll work out better that way.”
I could feel my throat tightening. I almost wanted to seal my ears shut so I wouldn’t have to listen to him. “I’m more focused on this job than what you’re giving me credit for.”
 “That’s good. I’m glad to hear it.” 
At this point, my eyes watered and blurred my vision. “Yeah, me too. I’m glad we got that straightened out. Is that why you stormed out of the room? Because I looked at you?” I tried to tease him, but once again he evaded my question. 
Instead of answering, he stood and stretched, extending his palm in front of me. “We should head back before they think I’ve left them for good. Come on.” His skin was cold and rough in my hand as he lifted me from the ground. I ran straight into his chest, accidently this time, and heat rose to my cheeks.
 “Sorry.” I walked ahead of him. I didn’t want him taking it the wrong way or thinking I was coming on to him. I took Chris’s kindness for what it was – he was a nice guy to everyone. It seemed the longer we were here, the further away he drifted from the Chris I knew in the beginning. More than once, I had to stop myself from thinking about it so much, even as we walked through the front door. Maybe he really didn’t feel anything the night we were at his mansion in Laguna Beach. It was possible that the affection was one-sided, and I was only imagining things. But his eyes had been the windows into his soul, and they’d spoken volumes of desire and certainty. Now my heart was broken, wistful, wishing I could rewind my life back to the night when he almost kissed me. 
Chapter Three
Something sounded like a stampede of dinosaurs coming from the window. I yanked the scarf from my eyes and frowned. Glares from the sun beamed across the room and striped the floor with burgundy lines, making me flinch into the pillow. I hated waking up in people’s houses and not my dungeon hole of a bedroom. All I wanted was the dark nothing so I could go back to sleep. 
There was something else I was supposed to do today – shoot! Crap, crap, CRAP! I sprinted across the room, realizing I was late. It was the kind of late where I was about to get my butt kicked off the team if I didn’t move my ass. I didn’t want to imagine the look on everyone’s face when I showed up tardy, as if they needed another reason to hate my guts. They already didn’t like the fact that I was here, getting in the way of things and slowing down their whole boot-camp process. I hadn’t technically gone through the years of training they had, and I didn’t deserve to be here. But I was willing to learn the ropes and do whatever it took to be on their level. 
I couldn’t believe I overslept. I’d been practicing every night, in addition to taking Chris’s class in the day, so I didn’t have much sleep overall. But that wasn’t an excuse. Last night after my private workout, I made the mistake of coming to bed, instead of sleeping on the gym floor, and forgot to set an alarm. At least when I stayed in the gym, I’d never miss a practice, because their intrusions always woke me up.
As I peered through the window, someone was mowing the front yard, wearing blue overalls, strap suspenders, and a grey cap. They were too far down to be recognized, but whoever it was, they must’ve finished working out already – it had to be at least noontime. 
I grabbed my pink iPod and read the time on the screen. It was 2:13, and I really hated not having a cell phone.
 “Crap,” I cursed. My old cell phone was still at home between the microwave and toaster. Laura said I couldn’t carry the phone to the operetta that night. She said the accessory wouldn’t go well with the dress, and neither would my palm-sized purse that Dianne created for me when I was twelve, because Laura said the purse was ugly. I really disliked her. I wonder what she’d think of the gown now if she saw it crumpled up in the dumpster, stained in scarlet, formally signed by my lacerated wrists. How was that for an accessory? It didn’t matter now. I wasn’t allowed to bring my phone anyway, or anything else from home. That was Chris’s first rule. He bought me a brand new everything. All I had to do was skip town with him and not look back. 
After tying on the scarlet scarf onto my head, I raced down the labyrinth and managed to find the front staircase, which still smelled of fresh tangerines. Chris and Kevin emerged through the door with bags of groceries.
 “Hey.” I scurried behind them. 
Kevin pretended I didn’t exist, making his way toward the kitchen and slicking his hair back between his fingers, or more like his mo hawk braid. Chris slowed down beside me. 
 “Good morning,” he said.
 “Sorry I’m late for practice. Did I miss much?”
Chris stared at the scarf on my head. 
 “Oh yeah, I found this upstairs underneath one of the plants. I thought I’d wear it and take it out of its misery,” I said, hoping to ease his edginess. But he just stared at my head like it was caught on fire. I hated when people looked at me for a long period of time. The attention made me overly self-conscious, and I was about ten seconds from losing my cool and screaming in his face. “Sooo, what exercises should I do to make up for it?”
When we entered the kitchen, Kevin was already putting some of the food away. 
“Walking might be a good idea,” Chris answered, handing me a box of water bottles. “There’s enough light outside. You can go to the town shop and see what they have. You’ll have to walk fast.” 
“Yeah, she could pick up some scissors for me,” Kevin said. “I forgot to get a pair.”
I inwardly rolled my eyes.
“We forgot a couple of things,” Chris added. “I’ll make a list for you.”
 “Alright.” I tried to overlap the awkward moment with a smile. They continued putting things in the cupboards, exchanging looks with each other that left me feeling shy and excluded. 
Chris handed me the paper with five items listed. “That should make up for the exercise you’ve missed.”
Kevin gave a short dark laugh and added, “Might take more than that . . .” 
“Haha,” I replied sarcastically. Couldn’t Kevin just poof-and-disappear into the crevices of the universe? I tried ignoring him altogether by shelving bottles of water into the refrigerator, focusing on the task at hand. 
 “Cold water’s no good, Calise,” Chris said. He cued for Kevin to arrange the bottles. 
Before I could blink, Kevin snatched the box out of my hands. “I got this,” he said, practically shoving me out of the way. I wanted to snap my finger in his face and say something intelligently mean. But I saw the line of piercings on his left ear and the tattoo on his forearm and knew wasn’t the type of person to be taken lightly. The tattoo was another spade, just like the one knitted on the scarf. Everyone in this house had one, except for me.
I had an automatic reflex to stuff the scarf into my pocket until I figured out what was going with this mysterious spade trend or why it bothered them that I was wearing the infamous scarf. Despite my inner nudges, I kept it on. 
 “How far is town?” I asked.
 “About five miles.” Chris balled the bags together, tossing them under the sink. 
Five effing miles. Was this guy for real? I knew these guys were in shape. They probably drank a thousand eggs for breakfast, but there was such a thing as going overboard. “I’ll go now then,” I said nonchalantly as they stared at me like I couldn’t handle their assignment. But I knew what they were doing. They were trying to intimidate me and make me feel like scrawny, ditzy new girl from LA. It wasn’t going to work. They needed to know I could handle their little walk-a-thon. 
Chris studied me. “Alright,” he replied, hiding a smile. “One more thing.” He grabbed a vitamin case from the cupboard. My name was written on the bottom. “Here are some basic supplements for you to take. We each have different vitamins based on our personal requirements. Once you get more familiar with your body’s needs, you can adjust them accordingly.” 
I tapped a vitamin on my tongue and took it down with water. Then I watched him sketch a roadmap on a piece of paper. The path was simple: one road, one direction, and I couldn’t get lost if I tried. 
 “There you are,” he said in a low voice, handing me the paper and making the casual exchange almost intimate. I noticed there was a hundred dollar bill wrapped inside.
 “Thanks,” I replied and waited for him to say something else. When he didn’t, I cleared my throat. “I should probably get going.” I stuffed the map and money into my pocket and marched toward the front door. On my way to the entrance, I bumped into Blue. She was wearing ragged overalls and a tattered grey cap. She’d been the one mowing the lawn. 
 “Hey,” I said without thinking. I half-expected her to answer, and she didn’t. She kept walking until she saw the red scarf on my head and spun around like a bat out of hell, charging in my face. 
 “Hey, where’d you get that?” she demanded. 
“Uhmm . . .”
“There’s my girl!” Kevin appeared past the corner and motioned behind us, easing his way behind Blue. “What’s going on?”
“You didn’t answer my question.” Her eyes blazed on me.
“Upstairs.” 
I was surprised they didn’t stop the whole charade and laugh in my face for being the world’s biggest twerp. What else was I supposed to do with crazy Cruella? Let her make my face look like shredded newspaper? I’d never known the feeling of being bullied before, but it couldn’t be much different than the humiliation I was feeling right now.
“Is there a problem?” A voice startled us. Chris had shown up in his warrior splendor, owning the situation. He leaned back against the wall and folded his arms. It was the first time Blue took her attention off me. She looked up at him, meeting his gaze. 
“It’s all good, boss. We’re finishing up,” Kevin replied. He kept trying to move Blue toward the living room, but she wouldn’t budge.
She pointed her finger at me. “You better watch yourself.”
My stomach flinched. 
“Come on, let’s go,” Kevin whispered in her ear again and led her around the corner, disappearing behind the wall.
“Are you alright?” Chris asked.
“I guess.” I wanted to ask him what the hell was Blue’s problem. But I didn’t want Chris hating me because I hated his friends. They were vile scums of the earth, and I already didn’t like them being here, but it wasn’t fair to direct my aggravation toward him. “I’ll be back later.” I walked out, shutting the door. 
Trailing down the road, I mulled at their detestation toward me. Maybe they didn’t need more company and the four of them was enough. It wasn’t the easiest thing to do, accepting someone new into a group if they were already comfortable with the way things were before I showed up. Whatever their reasoning was for being indecorous, it wasn’t going to stop me from pushing forward. I didn’t come all the way here to get sent back home because of a group of bullies. I was in this to win this, whether they liked it or not.
Now that I was out here, I started contemplating if Chris meant five miles altogether, or five miles each way. He must’ve meant five miles altogether. He wouldn’t have made an estimate and said there was enough light outside if he knew I’d get stuck in the dark. All I had to do was walk fast, follow his directions, and not get lost in the woods. I’d make it back here in time for dinner – I think he was cooking tonight; he usually did.
On the bright side, I was in the middle of nowhere with a bunch of strangers. There weren’t any parents around to tell me what to do, when to come home, and who to go to the movies with, which was the best part of running away. 
I hated their rules, especially Laura’s. She wanted me to be exactly like her, throwing fancy tea parties in the yard and shopping at the most expensive stores in Beverly Hills, only to hear the sound of Carl’s credit card swiping a machine. She demanded that I call her ‘mom’ as long as I stayed under their roof, since it was their home and not mine. Please. That’s why I was gone. That was never going to happen. 
Rays from the sun glared, and I motioned forward, listening to my iPod. The heat was overbearing, pulsating across the dirt trail. As I kicked rocks to the side with my foot’s heel, trying to keep occupied, I could already feel my shirt soaking from the inside out. When I checked again, it was almost five o’clock. I’d been walking through this scorching hurricane for at least two hours. I guess Chris meant five miles each way. 
Great. If I’d known the journey was going to be this grueling, I would’ve snatched up one of those water bottles before I left. 
 Looking around at the trees, I noticed the branches waving back at me, and I curled a finger around one of the leaves, savoring the moment. If I had to be out here in the middle of nowhere, I might as well enjoy Mother Nature. I took off the headphones and stretched my limbs. 
It wasn’t long before a high ringing started in my head. The buzzing was like a vibrating hum beneath my eyes. I paused in my tracks to take shelter in the shade. Even that didn’t seem to slow down the pulsations. 
As I stood on the trail and tried to steady myself, another strange noise erupted, and I turned around to see where it was coming from. It sounded like a girl’s laugh.
 “Hello? Who’s there?” I asked, searching through the empty forest. Something moved in my peripheral, something dark and fast, but each time I looked, I only found myself staring at the trees again. The tall stalks of bark seemed to be staring down with a look of disapproval, like I was officially crazy. 
“Time to go.” I stomped down the road. The incredible heat must’ve been sinking it, because now I was seeing mirages and hearing things. No one was else here except for me.
After that weird episode, it didn’t take long to reach my destination. I found the supply store indicated on the map and dragged inside, listening to a cluster of bells jingle overhead. Stacks of machinery smelled like old rubber, and the potent scent of oil made my head queasy. I wanted to forget the whole thing and turn back around, but then someone grunted from behind the counter. 
 “Can I help you?” a young man asked. His arms stretched out like he’d just woken up.
 I approached him and replied, “I need everything on this list.”
He yawned and twitched his nose, sizing me up. Then he took the slip of paper and read the items. That’s when I realized he didn’t have a shirt on. His bird chest was tanned and thin underneath his farmer overalls and silver suspenders. He smiled hugely, slicking his hair back and rubbing his stomach. The grin he wore was mischievously crooked and made me wonder if he used it on desperate, vulnerable girls to get what he wanted. If it weren’t for his sandy hair sticking half to the side from sleeping on the job, he’d be an undeniable cutie. But he was wrong in so many ways: wild, unkempt, irresponsible, and careless. He wasn’t wearing shoes. His feet were all dirty. He probably smelled worse than the shop, and I wasn’t going to get closer to him to find out.
He neared a pile of equipment at the farthest end of the store, moving slower than a snail in salt, and I followed him, watching and waiting as he fumbled through tangled cords. The only thing that kept me from losing my patience was listening to my foot tap the floor.
He found the five items on the list and charged me ninety-two dollars for everything. “Ohhhk. Here we are. There you go. All set.” The look of triumph spread across his face.
Knowing full well I was being overcharged, I handed him a hundred-dollar bill anyway and slapped it on the counter. “Keep the change.” 
His smile softened. “You must be new around here.”
“Is it that obvious? I can’t believe I walked five miles and didn’t bring something cold to drink. Do you have any water?”
“I think I should have something. Let me check,” he replied, walking to the mini-fridge behind the counter. He returned with a cold bottle of water and handed it to me. “That’s a nice scarf you’re wearing. Another girl had one just like it. There was a spade in the middle like yours, and it was the same color, too. Come to think of it, you look a great deal like her.”
I nodded and leaned in. What was up with this scarf getting more attention than Charlie Sheen? “Do you remember her name?”
“Sorry. That was a while ago,” he admitted.
 “Oh. Well, I just got here.”
 He took a breath and sighed. “I know everybody in this town. I would’ve recognized if you’d been here before. Besides, I know you’re not that same girl – she’d be older than you. But I remember she was real pretty. You can count on me to never forget a pretty face.” He winked. “Have a good day, Miss. Try to get home before the sun goes down.”
 His final words were slightly unsettling. But I continued out the door and waved. “I will.” 
 I wanted to talk to him longer and find out more about this girl who looked like me, but I didn’t have much time left. Once I got outside, a hazy gleam lowered over the parking lot, forming shadows on the street. It suddenly dawned on me that I’d be walking in the dark woods alone. Chris warned me this would happen if I didn’t walk fast enough. There wasn’t enough light outside to go on a ten-mile walk; there was barely enough to finish five. Now the only thing left on the horizon was a strand of orange blanketing the clouds. 
Following the distorted pavement, I marched on the road without streetlights and drew in a weary breath. There was still time to ask shop-boy to give me a ride, but I wasn’t sure how Chris would react to me bringing an unannounced visitor to his secret hideaway castle and playing hostess to some guy he didn’t know. It sounded like a disaster waiting to happen and would probably result in me getting booted off the scene. I wasn’t in the mood for going backwards, so I’d take my chances walking.
The trees I befriended earlier were monstrous with their branches sticking out like wolves claws. I didn’t know what to expect. Maybe a ferocious bear would dash across the street and slaughter me to pieces, leave my body parts scattered in the dirt, tangled up in the lamp cord, and the headlines would read WOOHOO! THEY GOT HER! It wasn’t so far-fetched with the kind of luck I was having. The visions played over and over as a noise neared and two headlights approached. It looked like the . . . 
“Woo! Yes!” I nearly leaped out of my skin. I had to calm myself. These mental images about bears and wildlife had me on-edge, and I was overjoyed to see the van wobbling down the road. After I wiped my forehead a few times, the van halted at my feet. 
“Get in.” Tre tapped on the wheel, staring ahead with his cool black shades on. 
I slid into the passenger’s seat. 
He flipped his phone open. “Hey. I got her.”
I wanted to ask if Chris was on the other line, but Tre wouldn’t know where to find me unless Chris told him. Chris must’ve told him it was getting dark outside and asked Tre to come pick me up. I wanted to thank Tre for his token of kindness, but each time I made an effort, the words got caught in my throat. He seemed withdrawn, like I was the last person in the world he wanted to be in a van with. He turned up the radio and in a matter of minutes we were parked in front of the mansion. It was dark enough that I couldn’t see the outline of trees looming over the house. They looked more like black blotches sealing the night. The moon was full and ablaze, striping the sides of the roof with pastel lines and showing off its elegant glow as we walked up the driveway.
The aroma of cooked peppers filled the house the moment we walked in and immediately reminded me I hadn’t eaten all day. I was so eager to prove to Chris and Kevin that I could complete the super walk-a-thon that I didn’t have time to think about anything else. 
As Tre shuffled upstairs, I made my way toward the kitchen with only one thing in mind –eating food. The rest of the house was quiet. The counters were cleaned off and spotless, except for a bowl at the center of the table, wrapped in aluminum foil. I peeled it back and found white rice mixed with broccoli, onions, and bell peppers. Chris had obviously made dinner and then saved a small portion for me. I hadn’t expected him to care. But it was nice coming back and finding I’d been remembered. Knowing he cared at all left me feeling better than yesterday.
After I finished devouring the leftovers, I made my way back to the attic and heard low mumblings coming from the end of the hall. I slowed down to get a better sense of the whispers. They were barely audible at first, but I managed to follow them to the last room on the left. When no one caught me in the act of snooping, I checked both ends of the hall and laid my ear against the door. 
 “I know, but he put her in the attic.” 
 “Where else was he supposed to put her? In your room?” A male voice argued.
 I knew those two voices anywhere. Kevin’s voice was scratchy as though needles were caught in his throat, and Blue’s was hoarse like a horse’s (voice). As I looked inside, I saw her sitting on top of the bed with her arms folded. Kevin paced in front of her. 
“He could’ve put her in the other room,” she mumbled.
 “The furnace doesn’t work in there. You know that. She’d just freeze to death.”
 “Then let her freeze, Kevin,” she blurted. “She shouldn’t be here.”
Her confession hung in the air. The line ‘I shouldn’t be here,’ echoed through my brain. What right did she have to say that? When they stopped talking, she managed to find my eye through the almost invisible crevice and pointed directly at me. “You!”
 I shrunk back and gasped, horrified I’d been found out. She marched over and slammed the door in my face. Perfect. She obviously had a problem I was sleeping in the ‘attic.’ What was up with that room anyway? Even Chris looked at it strangely when he first took me up there, like the room had a life of its own. The attic seemed to make him uncomfortable. But he didn’t have a choice. If the other rooms were taken up, and the other one was without a furnace, then the attic was the only one place for me to stay. Of course Chris would put me there. 
I started walking back toward the garret. There weren’t any rooms along the corridor on my way to the attic. Cobwebs collected and weaved in sharp corners. Strings of them draped from the ceiling and made cryptic designs. Wedges in the floor made me stumble more than once, and this time I wasn’t doing it on purpose. The ends of the hall were alit by artificial candles as I curved the last corner. 
 “Is someone there?” I paused, peering over my shoulder. 
Maybe Blue followed me up here to talk finish speaking her mind. But when I turned around, no one was there.  Still, I wanted to run into Chris’s bedroom and hide under his king-sized bed, or dive into his arms. Something wasn’t right about this house. Ever since we pulled in this driveway, strange things had been happening. The portrait of the girl hanging in Chris’s room looked exactly like me, and she obviously meant something special to him. The boy at the shop said I looked exactly like a girl who wore a red scarf like the one I was wearing now. On my way to the shop, I heard a girl laughing in the woods, taunting me, scaring me shitless. These weren’t random coincidences. Someone used to stay in that attic. Her initials were JE, and I was starting to think all of this was happening because of her.
Chapter Four
Now that I didn’t have a mom around or Laura’s influence to guide my life, I was starting to feel lost.  Half of my luggage consisted of pretty womanly things. The other half was made out of punk rock outfits I snatched off the rack to fill my bags with anti-color. Lately, I’d been in the mood for something dark and sensual, like the new black sweater with skulls on the collar. The pretty womanly things made me nauseous, and I gathered the silk dresses from the satchel, stuffing them into the closet and making a mental note to throw them in the garbage when I had time. I didn’t know why I’d bought them in the first place; it must’ve been out of habit, because I definitely didn’t need a skirt to train in. 
Rummaging through my luggage, I remembered the night when Chris handed me these suitcases and stressed that I couldn’t bring anything from my old life. No cell phones, credit cards, or IDs were allowed on the trip. He paid for my ticket and an entire new wardrobe for security purposes and explained the ‘old me’ was practically erased. It was the only reason he let me come to Arkansas in the first place. I couldn’t go back home for anything, and I couldn’t say goodbye. 
Initially, having no credit card seemed like a bad idea. I wasn’t sure how far I could go without one. That was before Chris gave me cash to carry around, like the money I used at the gas station to buy candy with, and my new pink iPod, or the clothes I’d gotten from the Beverly Center before we skipped town. 
It felt weird having to depend on him for everything, but I didn’t have a choice. In no way could I be tied to my parents, which meant, even though I had millions stashed away in a trust fund, I couldn’t touch any of it. Chris insisted that I cut all ties. He also explained my dependency on him was only temporary. Once my position here became final, I’d be making my own money soon.
Throwing on some tights and my excellent black sweater, I pulled my hair into a bun and headed out. Strands of my hair were still damp from last night’s bath with the scent of apricot shampoo tangled on the ends. Hopefully Chris would notice what he was missing. He didn’t check me out yesterday the way I wanted him to, and he hadn’t stayed behind to see me when I came back from the town shop. He might’ve saved some food for me out of kindness, but I’d missed seeing him.
Apricot shampoo did wonders on the opposite sex. There was something undeniably attractive about a woman with fruit on her skin. Mother shared that secret years ago when I was still learning about the birds and the bees; it’s what she used on dad when he stayed too long at the office or when she wanted to lure him in for a romantic night of nurse & doctor. 
Thinking about soggy Fruit Loops made me race toward the kitchen, and I found Chris leaning against the counter with his back turned. He was drinking something that strongly resembled a grass milkshake. 
 I sat on one of the stools. “Hey.”
There was a blender next to a batch of vegetables. He rinsed a glass and placed it in the cupboard. “Good morning. How was your night?”
Besides being scared shitless on dirt trails, running away from invisible nothing’s in the hallway, and sleeping in a haunted attic, “It was nice. I didn’t get to thank you for having Tre pick me up last night. And the food you made was really good.”
 “I’m glad you liked it. That’s a nice sweater you’re wearing,” he said, and quickly turned to the sink. “You can relax today, Calise. The rest of us are having a meeting in about an hour. Do you need anything before we go?”
The thought of him leaving me here alone was horrifying. There were too many weird noises happening in this house, and all of them gave me the chills. I forced a smile. “I’ll be fine. What’s the meeting for?”
“Just some inside business. Are you sure you’ll be okay?” he asked again. Dark rings were formed around his eyes. 
 “Yeah, it’ll give me a chance to get to know Missy. I’m kidding. Is she in her cage now?”
 “Yes,” he replied. “She’ll be locked away until we get back.” 
 “Perfect,” I added and leaned back. “I’m glad you’re a health nut, by the way. I’ve always wanted a nutritionist but never got around to it.”
He removed the lid from the blender. “Would you like to try one?”
I peered over celery sticks. “No thanks. Got any bacon around?”
An amused smile curled his lips. “We don’t eat meat this time of year. There’s other food in the fridge if you’d like breakfast.” 
I spotted cereal on top of the refrigerator and stretched my arms to the rim. My scrawny fingers couldn’t reach.
 “Do you need some help?” 
 “Nope. I got it.” 
Chris beat me to the punch, grabbing the box of Fruit Loops and planting it on the counter. 
“Oh, thanks.” I opened the bag. “Don’t worry about me. I’ll be fine here. I might even watch some TV.” 
 “There’s something I want to show you when we get back. I’ve been meaning to show it to you but haven’t gotten around to it.” 
“I’ll be here.”
He leaned forward and grabbed a bowl from the shelf, setting it beside the cereal box. This time when he hovered, it felt like he was trapping me against the counter. I didn’t know if he was doing it on purpose, but my mind raced with him directly behind me. 
 “Is there anything else I should do to prepare for tomorrow?” A lump formed in my throat as I slowly turned to him. 
 “Just relax.” 
As I faced him, my eyes softened in his, and I could feel my lips parting. Even with his face drained and weary, I wanted to touch him. I wanted to . . . 
“Hey, boss.” 
I nearly jumped out of my skin when Kevin slugged to the refrigerator. Where the hell did he come from? I didn’t even see him walk in. I wondered how long he’d been in there and if he saw anything, like Chris fencing me against the counter. He probably saw the whole thing. His gaze kept darting between us like he just caught daddy kissing Mrs. Santa Claus. 
Blue rushed over and sat in one of the chairs, grabbing a pear from the basket and bringing it to her mouth. “Morning, boss.” She took a bite.
Why was I acting so guilty? We didn’t even do anything. 
 “Good morning, Kevin, Blue.” Chris strolled over to them. 
 “Tre takes forever. Can’t we just leave him?” Blue rubbed her forehead. “He does this every time and we’re always late.”
 “Slow your roll, B.” Tre swung around the corner. “You know I’m always on time, girl.” 
She rolled her eyes. “Tardiness is your eternal companion, Tre.”
He was wearing a jersey, heavy blue jeans, and a cherry cap with NYC on the flap. Red was a good choice for him since it brought out his darker complexion. “You can’t rush perfection,” he added and gave Chris a quick nod. “I’m ready, boss.” 
 “See what I mean? It’s always when he’s ready,” Blue complained, rising from her seat. 
Kevin laughed and shook his head, leading Blue out the kitchen by her waist. When Chris didn’t move, I drew near his side. 
“Hey.”
He waited for the front door to shut before he pulled out a mobile gadget from his back pocket and handed it to me. “This is for you.” The device was petite, upscale, and definitely not sold in stores. “My number’s stored in there for emergencies. This shouldn’t be used to call your friends or your family, or for them to call you. If you want to speak to anyone outside this house, tell me and I’ll have you use the phone in my office.”
“I thought I wasn’t allowed to call my family?”
“You’re not. It’ll stay between us. Just don’t overdo it.”
 I nodded and looked down. The gadget he’d given me was a small, square box with nothing but a green button on the front. “How am I supposed to use this thing? I can’t even see the numbers.” 
He pressed the button and watched the square box turn into a regular cell phone. “Anything else?” 
I didn’t know how to feel about getting permission to call my parents. I wasn’t even sure if I wanted to call them. “Nothing. I’ll be fine.”
“We’ll be back later tonight. If something comes up, don’t be afraid to call. Also, try to stay out of things,” he added, shutting the door behind him. He’d said it like he knew I planned on going through his things.
From the curtain’s edge, I watched him press against the gust, climbing into the passenger seat next to Kevin and slamming the door. They spun out of the driveway, swerving and going about their way, when I turned around and realized I didn’t want to be alone. I could hear the forceful winds whipping in all directions, making the house creak and groan. Evergreens swayed and crashed into each other. A foggy mist blocked out the sun. I’d been looking forward to spending some leisure time with Chris, but now the stupid meeting came up, a meeting I wasn’t even invited to, and now everything was ruined. I wore my pretty black sweater for nothing. No one was here long enough to notice the cool violet skulls on the collar. 
Actually, Chris did notice. The apricot shampoo worked.
“Thank you, mom.”
As I held my arms and rubbed them, I figured being alone didn’t have to be such a bad thing. On the bright side, it was an opportune time to investigate. I wanted to revisit the portrait in Chris’s bedroom. I couldn’t get that girl’s face out of my head. She kept reappearing in my mind like a weird daydream, getting more airtime than Chris. But when I got to his room, the double doors were locked. A small device was cleverly camouflaged in the lumber of the door, a sort of electronic pad, and required a pass code. 
I frowned. There were too many storage facilities and too many banks in America for someone’s room to be bolted up like this. What was he hiding in there? Dead bodies? If something was that valuable, it should’ve been placed in a facility that specialized in locking things up, not systematically buried in the bedroom. 
I felt uneasy leaving the hall and wanted to laugh at his request for me to ‘stay out of things’ as though I had any choice in the matter; he’d already made certain I couldn’t get inside his room anyway. 
There were six rooms, including the attic. I tried opening the other four rooms, but they were all locked as well, so there went my spy quest. At least they didn’t have an Inspector Gadget system like the one guarding Chris’s bedroom. I ended up treating myself to more cereal and a warm bath, wrapping the scarf around my head and soaking in the tub. Warm salts swirled around my body, melting away the unsettling thoughts. Foam kissed my chin as I stared back at my reflection in the tub’s chrome trim. 
This time, when I breathed, my exhale was real. The tub could’ve swallowed me into oblivion, and I would’ve enjoyed the water engulfing me. Some people called it death. I liked to think of it as a string of consciousness gliding into another world. 
Sliding under the water, I held my breath and closed my eyes, listening to the sound of liquid filling my ears. I didn’t expect flashbacks of that night to stream across my mind, but within moments of being under, that’s exactly what happened: 
The woman’s performance had the entire audience spellbound. The dark, riveting song seeped into the core of me, and I wanted to stay inside this story forever. Her voice climbed higher, making her words difficult to understand. It didn’t help La Traviatta originated in Italy, so the cast spoke very little English. But I comprehended beauty. This song was a rare gem, lifting me above the crowd and awakening my spirits. For the first time in two years, I felt alive, which could only mean I’d been dead before. Of course I’d been dead before. Losing the one person in the world who made my life worth living, in turn, made my life worthless. 
She was gone. She was never coming back.
Restraining my tears, I felt Carl and Laura behind me, hovering in their seats. They were probably as fascinated with the play as I was, and I stood, maneuvering around them. I just wanted this scene to be over.
 “Calise, darling, are you alright? You’re going to miss the best part,” Laura said.
 “I’m fine,” I answered.
She studied me, irritated. “Hurry up then. You have to meet Mr. Robinson and his son before the night ends. We’re all looking forward to it.”
In that moment, I took a careful look at Laura. I wanted to remember every annoying thing about her, especially the pile of curls flopping over her head like she’d been zapped out of the 18th century. I nodded and tried to give one last look at dad before making my exit, but he was too busy staring at the girl on stage. I smiled at him anyway and continued outside the guarded doors. 
This place must’ve been loaded with gold, or else sitting on a newly constructed Fort Knox, because guards in uniforms stood at every corner, even as I turned into the women’s bathroom. To my satisfaction the stalls were empty, and I locked the bathroom door. 
Act fast. 
Staring at my reflection in the mirror, it radiated death . . . frail and transparent. How appropriate. I pulled the razor from my bra and glided one finger over the edge. My hands were surprisingly steady, and I found myself rocking back and forth, humming our favorite song.
She loved this song. We sung it all the time on our road trips. We were supposed to grow old and travel the world together. No one would understand me the way she did. No one would care. Without her, I was alone. This place had nothing to offer. As my eyes blurred, I couldn’t even breathe. I didn’t want to keep breathing without her. But soon after this, the pain would go away; she and I would finally be together.
Slicing both of my wrists was the hard part, but I bit down on my lip and quietly went through with it. I didn’t even care about the pain; I only cared about seeing her face again. Lines of crimson streamed down my arm as I staggered toward one of the stalls and sat there. 
“I’m coming, mama.” I bent over and grabbed my stomach. Letting out an agonizing cry, I pinned my lips together and sobbed until it felt like my soul would crack. Resting my head against the toilet bowl, I let my world go under. As my hands gushed with blood, puddles of a thick, red substance spoiled my dress, and I couldn’t move, couldn’t think about anything else but the incredible numbness spreading through my body, forcing me down faster than a pool of quicksand. 
Then the shadows came, the haunting whispers that called my name . . . 
Quickly, I climbed out of the tub to catch my breath and grabbed a towel from the sink, wiping the mist from the mirror. My appearance was the same as yesterday, except there was a strange quality in my face; a slight glow lurked beneath my skin, making it almost transparent. There was also a strange bruise forming on my left shoulder. I outlined the area with one finger and tried to rub the itch away. 
Putting on my black sweats and white t-shirt, I realized the door was cracked open and I hadn’t unlocked it. I hung the towel onto the door’s hanger and walked over, staring into the hall. 
The attic door was closed, and my gaze narrowed to a trail of shoeprints on the ground. Someone was here. “Who’s there?” I demanded, holding the door and searching each end of the hall. The stained prints led all the way down the labyrinth, and I listened to the wood groan beneath my feet as I followed them. Thumping noises were coming from downstairs, vibrating inside the walls, and they grew louder as if someone was pacing across the entrance. I reminded myself to take slow, steady breaths. Crazy, paranoid people did this in the movies and ended up scaring themselves half-to-death with no monster necessary. But this wasn’t a movie, and Chris’s team wasn’t even here. They might’ve had a short meeting, with the weather being the way it was, but that was highly unlikely. Someone else was in this house with me.
Around the corner, I peeked into the main hall. The front door was open and flapping against the wall; it’d been the reason for the thumping sounds. I was staring right at the cause of my distress, and yet, I didn’t feel any relief. My throat tensed and nearly sunk into my stomach when I turned around and saw the shoeprints were gone. I searched everywhere, desperately seeking to find the marks I’d followed all the way from the bathroom. But they disappeared. This house was freaking me out. I didn’t come all the way Arkansas to be haunted by some ghost in a creepy mansion. But I was already in too deep, training to be a professional thief. Something (or someone) was out there, watching me, waiting for the perfect time to strike. I could tell by the way my neck hairs stood on end. 
The logical part of my brain said this was my fear of being alone, mixed with my fear of the roaring winds pounding against the house, which could explain my shoeprint hallucination. I wanted to believe that more than I wanted to believe the shoeprints evaporated into thin air and a ghost was after me. Either way, I raced to the door with the intent of shutting it. Instead of sealing the door, I took a breath of fresh air. The wind was harsher than it looked and blew me halfway down the steps. I ended up traveling across the driveway and getting a better view of the sky. Clouds of mist fused together and looked like the beginning of a tropical storm. I hoped Chris and his friends would be all right out there, driving around in this kind of weather. 
As I headed back inside, the scarf whirled above my head, circling and forming a mini twister. The draft carried it higher, way out my reach, and I leaped up, almost snagging it between my fingers. But then the cloth escaped and soared into the forest. 
 “Great.” 
Fortunately the lights from the house made it possible to see in the dark; the sun’s glow was blocked by the fierceness of oncoming clouds. Treading across loose gravel, I noticed there was a weird fork in the road where foliage thrashed. Dust whirled and made a transparent screen on both sides. To my right, the trail was thick with vegetation. To my left, the trail was deprived, ghastly, and frowning down like one of those angry pumpkins on Halloween. These trees didn’t even crack a smile. My foot crushed over sticks as I tried to find where the scarf had gone. Of course it picked the creepy-monster side, settling near a boscage on the passageway.
Taking a breath and dashing onto the path, I snatched the scarf from the shrubbery and wrapped it around my wrist double tight. Everything in this section was shriveled up, decaying, and corroded with death. The stench of old earth suffocated the air. Branches without leaves hunched over each other, and a fierce draft blew between them. Shadows made the route appear darker than it was. 
I wanted to run away from this place and never look back, but I couldn’t find the strength in my legs to move them. My feet seemed stuck to the ground. That’s when murmurs began invading my thoughts. Passing winds started sounding less like drums, and more like gentle whispers calling my name.
Calise . . . 
Chapter Five
 Music thundered. The smell of cinnamon woke me up. I was on the couch with one leg hanging from the edge and a comforter over my face, one that I didn’t put there. That was enough to send me flying off the sofa. What the heck? Where did the green-checkered cover come from? In one cautious leap, I pulled the curtain back and saw the van wasn’t outside. The others weren’t back yet and couldn’t have turned on the radio or placed this blanket on top of me while I was sleeping. A lump formed in my throat. I started rubbing my temples trying to figure out what happened. 
The antique clock above the television read twenty minute passed eight. Only six hours passed since Chris and the others went to attend their meeting, leaving me here with the double-07 cell phone and the creepy unstable house, and it took a second for me to recall everything. I remembered taking a bath and following the non-existent footsteps down the stairwell, chasing the red scarf into the woods, and finding a weird fork in the road, only to discover the trail was haunted. An unseen force had been there, for sure, holding my legs down. Then I came back here, grabbed my favorite novel to get my mind off things, and read myself to sleep.
After wiping my eyes and sitting on the edge of the coffee table, I knew this wasn’t a dream or an insidious nightmare. The book I’d started reading earlier was facedown on the floor, worn and curled around the edges. Jane Austen’s Pride and Prejudice, which I proudly read more than eleven times, served as my comfort against the storm. 
Making another brief stop to the window, I realized despite the van being gone, someone was here. I didn’t have too much time to think about it. The warm scent of cinnamon drew me down the hallway like fish’s bait, and I was the idiot fish turning the corner. I found fluffy cinnamon rolls waiting on top of a crystal platter with slices of bacon beside them, and I got right down to business, chewing on two strips at a time. 
 I spit the guck back out onto the plate. This looked like bacon and smelled like bacon, but this was not real bacon. “What the heck are these people eating? PlayDoh?”
I remember Chris mentioned they didn’t eat meat this time of year, so what the heck was in my mouth? At least the rolls were edible, except for the frosting, which tasted like rubber goo from a sugar-free cookbook.
While I walked toward the patio, a gentle waft passed through the curtains. The lights inside the pool dazzled through the surface, and rap music blared through the speakers. Tre was sitting by the pool with his feet in the water, talking on the phone. He didn’t seem to notice I was standing there. He kept dangling his feet, clearly excited about something.
There wasn’t any sign of Chris. He must’ve dropped them off while I was asleep and headed back out to run errands. That would explain the van being gone. I had a hard time wrapping my brain around Tre, Kevin, or Blue making a huge breakfast – that wasn’t their style.
After I changed clothes and came back downstairs, the music was off and the house was calmer now that the storm had passed. My book was still on the floor by the couch, and when I went to pick it up, I could sense someone in my peripheral. I turned around and found Chris in the entranceway with his head titled on the wall.
“Wow, you scared me. Did you just get back?”
He was wearing an open flannel shirt and rugged blue jeans. The black circles around his eyes were gone. “I’ve been here. Our meeting was shorter than expected and we came back early. I didn’t mean to startle you.” 
 “It’s fine. You didn’t really scare me.” 
 “Do you like ice cream? It’s chocolate.” He waved the carton.  
I examined the treat and clasped my book shut. “Sure.”
Why not? It would help take my mind off of the disappearing shoeprints I’d seen on the staircase and the whispers I’d heard in the woods, which I’d already vowed not to tell him about. I was here to be a thief, not a nutcase.
Making our way toward the kitchen, he noticed the book in my hand. “What are you reading?” 
 I showed him the cover.
 “Oh yes, I think I’ve heard of that one. How is it?”
 “Only extraordinary.”
There was a comfortable silence between us as we entered the kitchen. I pulled out a stool from the farthest end of the counter and watched him take down two bowls from the shelf. 
“I like your tattoo.” It was the same spade I’d seen on Kevin’s. “What does the spade mean?”
He didn’t answer, but served three scoops of ice cream into each bowl and brought the final serving to his mouth.
 “I thought sugar wasn’t allowed,” I reminded, secretly grieving the time Tre threw my candy bar out of the window.
 “It’s organic,” he replied.
“Cheater.” I said. “Are your friends still here? I saw Tre by the pool earlier.”
 “Yeah, they’re upstairs. You were asleep when we got here, and I didn’t want to wake you, so I brought down one of my comforters,” he replied. 
I didn’t understand him. First he acted like he cared. Then without warning, he’d throw up this wall, like he did the other day after our conversation on the hill. He made it clear that our relationship would be strictly professional. He was so hard to figure out. “Thanks. I’m glad it was you here and not some psycho ghost trying to scare me.” 
“Ha.” I knew it was ridiculous saying the word ‘ghost,’ but that’s the word that formed in my mouth. “I didn’t see the van outside.”
 “Sometimes we park on the side of the house. It depends on who’s driving,” he replied. “Was everything alright? Leaving you here alone wasn’t on my to-do list.”
 “It was fine. I was perfectly alone and incapable of meddling.” 
“Missy didn’t escape her cage?”
 “No. Missy didn’t escape her cage.” 
“What else did you do while we were gone? Besides read your book?” he asked.
 “That was pretty much it. There wasn’t much to choose from. Everything’s bolted up like a safe house.”
He laughed whole-heartedly. “I’ll be sure to leave everything unbolted the next time.”
“What’d you expect? There wasn’t a car to drive around. It’s not like I could go anywhere or call anybody.” 
“You could’ve gone to the gym and practiced. Didn’t you say you used to be a gymnast?”
“Wow, I told you that? I guess I really did tell you everything. Anyway, when my mom was alive, I was really into it. Later on, not so much. My dad started calling it trash. He declared it un-ladylike for a girl to be able to do the splits.”
 Chris seemed amused and watched me with keen interest. “I think it’s ladylike. It’s good to have that kind of experience under your belt in this line of work.”
“I don’t know how useful it is for me now. I used to be really good at gymnastics. Now I’m just a wasteful blob of goo.” 
“Just give it some time. It’ll kick in.” With that, he stood up from the stool. “Come on. I want to show you something.” He continued toward the living room. “Are you coming?” 
 “If it has anything to do with lock-picking,” I hinted. 
He turned the corner. “I think you’ll like this much better.”
He’d mentioned that he used lock-picking to get inside the bathroom when he rescued me in the stall that night; I’d been the one who locked myself in there so no one could find me before I’d finished the job. Good thing he did, or else I wouldn’t be here. 
I jumped from the stool and ran behind him, eager to see what he had in store. If what he was about to show me was cooler than jacking locks, then I had to see what this guy was talking about. Whether it was a pet beetle or a hidden burial ground didn’t matter, because Chris wanted to show me something cool, and I liked seeing cool things. 
He led us toward another room below the basement, and I didn’t know what to expect crossing into the storage room. The space was full of tools, worn out tires, and smells that reminded me of the old town shop and the boy who worked there. Everything else was lined along the wall and neatly stacked into piles. 
Trampling across, we came face-to-face with a door that had a security pad. It resembled the one on Chris’s bedroom. I was starting to think maybe he had a lock on his pillow as well. He paused in front of the door and signaled for me to turn around so he could type in his oh-so-private password. Finally, the door snapped open. 
 “Watch your step,” he said.
I walked over the ledge and continued down the corridor. He followed slightly behind me, and when we reached the end of the hall, the extended room was a plethora of colorful lights glistening in four corners, flickering against the walls. “What’s all this?” 
He wandered to the shadows. “Have a look.”
In each corner, there was a pile of diamonds, and I followed the rainbow of colors emitting from every side. I couldn’t keep my jaw from dropping. “Can I touch them?”
He nodded.
I’d seen a lot of money in my day, a lot of nice cars and jewelry, but it was nothing compared to the feeling of holding this many diamonds in my hands. Seeing these stones glitter all around was breathtaking. Looking around, I saw another larger crystal sitting on an isolated stand in the center of the room, shielded in glass. By this time, Chris reappeared from the darkness and carefully removed the shell. The glow from the crystal shot upwards.
 “I can’t believe you stole all of this,” I said. 
He crouched to the floor. “It’s what I do, remember? I collect diamonds.”
 “A jeweler collects diamonds. You steal them,” I corrected and slid my fingers across the sparkling glass.
 “Fair enough.” 
“Are diamonds the only thing you steal?”
“Most of the time. Other times we take paintings. Other times we take suitcases of . . . “
“Money,” I said for him. “Who makes all the rules? Who gets to decide all of the missions?”
“We work together. In a sense, we’re the only family we’ve got, and our only goal is to survive. It’s our job. Nothing about us is normal, Calise, and extremes are necessary in our case. We need all the protection we can get.”
“Protection from what? What are you afraid of?”
He looked up at me, studying my face. “I’m not afraid of anything. I’m just aware of the world.” 
I remembered the night he told me his secret, right after he’d rescued me. 
“I want you to know the truth about me. I wasn’t at the theatre to watch the performance. I was there on business. There were some really rare diamonds in a guarded room, and I had to take them. I’m a thief, Calise. It’s what I do for a living.”
I couldn’t remember the in-between time, like floating in and out of the death realm, but I’d awaken in his house with bandages on my wrists. As soon as I opened my eyes, he was the first image I saw, and what a lovely image he was, sitting across from me, staring at me with this tortuous look like I was his long lost love lying on her deathbed. 
“Stay with me,” he uttered.
Somehow we shared our innermost confessions. By the end of the night, I told him everything about my dead mother Dianne and the details about my dad’s expeditious marriage to Laura. I even showed him a picture of my mom, which I kept inside a locket around my neck. In return, he shared his reason for being at the theatre; it was how he found me and ended up following me. Once he was done taking his jewels, he waited outside of the bathroom so he could see my face (to see if I was the person he imagined), but when I didn’t come out after such a long time, he checked the door and realized it was locked from the inside. At that point, he knew something was wrong.
When he got inside, he took me in his arms and whisked me off to his secret world. I hadn’t really understood him being a thief until now, now that he’d shown me his library full of diamonds. I was so desperate to get away from Carl and Laura and into my mother’s dead arms that I didn’t have time to digest what I was getting myself into. Chris had been skeptical about taking me away from my family and training me with the rest of his group. He even insisted that I stay home and try to work things out with my dad. But I was persistent. 
 “You’re too casual about this.” I found his gaze. “If you’re such a professional, then why aren’t you more cautious about me being here? I could always run off and tell the cops.” 
He smiled. “I thought you were here because you wanted to be.”
 “I am,” I answered. “But I can always change my mind.”
 “You could. I guess that’s a risk I’m willing to take.”
“For someone you don’t know?”
“I know you.” His statement caught me off guard.
I fiddled around, boggled by his confidence. “So why the woods then?” I tried to sound more confident than I felt. “You and your friends can clearly afford to train somewhere more sophisticated.”
He smiled and looked up at me. “We could. But that would defeat the purpose, since we do our best to avoid attention.”
I studied him and figured he must be telling the truth since no one in their right mind would go out of their way to live in the woods unless they absolutely had to. “What’s next then? You’ve showed me your library. You’ve brought me to your basement. There must be a reason.”
“I wanted you to know what you’d be working for.”
“I don’t work for things. I work for myself.”
“Is there something bothering you, Calise?”
“Why would something be bothering me? I’m perfectly alone.” When I said the words, I was surprised at my reaction to them. Tears swelled in my eye sockets and dared to force themselves down. “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to say that.”
He gazed at me and took my hand. “You’re not alone here.”
“Is there anything else you want to show me? I should probably get some sleep.”
Chris stood and stretched, covering the crystal. “No, I’ll walk you out.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’ll see you in the morning.” I ran out before he could respond. I wasn’t sure if I was crying because I was alone, or because he wanted me to stay that way.
Chapter Six
The sun nestled behind a line of trees, and I watched the three musketeers jog up the hill with Chris hot on their trail. Sitting on the porch steps, I admired their impeccable fitness. I wanted nothing more than to participate in their daily run-a-thon, but Chris insisted I take the day off and relax and take notes. I hoped he wasn’t doing it because he felt sorry for me; I didn’t need his pity. I tried to forget about my episode last night in the basement when I basically cried in front of him. He’d been gentle with me, but his kindness only made me angrier.
Even after our private chat in the basement, nothing changed. He was still distant. He’d never be close to me again, not like he was the first night we met. I stared at the crow statue sitting on the bottom step. The monument was grim and depressing and made the house look even less friendly with its haunting gaze. It was resting on a platter that had the initials ‘JE’ carved on the back. I was about to study the statue further when I realized I’d left my notebook by the pool. The last thing I needed was for Blue, Tre, or Kevin to get their hands on my private workout journal – I’d written notes about them, amongst other things.
Without a second thought, I ran to the basement to the indoor swimming pool and found my journal resting on the floor beside my usual chair. The pen was clasped between the pages, so it was fair to assume no one had perused through my things. I took the pad under my arm. On my way to exit, I was boggled by the sound of water splashing. The commotion was coming from the pool. 
I spun around, dropping my notebook on the floor. Loose papers sashayed in the air, back and forth, and landed on the ground. I noticed my hands were balled into fists, in case I needed to punch something, and I carefully followed the noise to see what was waiting on the other side. The same feeling of being watched flooded my senses, and I neared the edge of the swimming pool, ready to confront the monster that kept following me. Browsing over each end of the natatorium, I saw nothing out of the ordinary. No one was here. No ripples met the surface to validate the splash I was definitely hearing. 
I moved closer to the edge. When I looked down and saw a dark, anonymous figure floating beside the wall, I didn’t know what think. The figure was the size of a vase, facing up. I studied the wings that were made out of stone, wings that shouldn’t have been floating at all. With a slow cautious step, I leaned forward and discovered it was the same crow statue I’d seen on the porch steps. Its weight should’ve been the reason it sunk straight to the bottom. But lo and behold, here it was, drifting on the surface. 
“What the hell? You’ve got to be kidding me.” 
Before I could even blink, the crow’s eyes opened. Large, black wings flapped against the water. Its mouth dropped into a violent shriek. “Gronnnkkk!” 
 “Shhiitt!” I fell backwards and landed against the papers. 
Grabbing my sheets and throwing them back inside the notebook, I bolted for the exit. “Oh my God, oh my God, oh my God!” I expected the bird to fly after me, peck me to the ground, and ravage my insides. But as soon as I fled to the door, my hand turned over the knob, and a new, eerie silence settled over the room. The bird’s cry had stopped, and so had the splashing. There was nothing chasing after me.
I paid attention to my chest going up and down. If the shoeprints weren’t real, or the girl inside the mirror, or the whisperings I’d heard in the woods, then this wasn’t real either. I was just gradually losing my mind. With a fierce determination, I stomped to where I’d been standing and looked inside the pool. My reflection was there, but to my satisfaction, the bird was gone. I couldn’t believe I’d witnessed an inanimate object floating inside of Chris’s swimming pool. A blob of cement had glared at me, screamed, and then flapped its wings like a real live bird, then disappeared into the realm of nothingness. 
I sprinted upstairs, straight out the front door. The crow statue was sitting on the porch step where it’d been the whole time. It hadn’t flown to the pool and back again. Something like that would’ve been impossible. Everything else seemed to be spinning out of control, weighing down on my shoulders like a nine-foot horse. 
 “What is wrong with me?” I asked, seeking comfort from the sky. “This doesn’t make any sense.” 
I took a deep breath and gathered my thoughts. If I would’ve stayed with the group and didn’t wander off by myself, the images wouldn’t have happened. The hallucinations only happened when I was alone, which meant if I stayed with a crowd, they’d probably stop. 
That didn’t mean I had to be friends with them and tell them my whole life story; I wasn’t going to tell them about the hallucinations. They’d use it as evidence of my psycho-hood, and I wasn’t crazy. It just meant I’d have to be in their company more often than I liked, and the mirages would all go away on their own.
Fortunately, Chris’s friends were too busy ignoring me to notice anything weird. I didn’t have to worry about them interfering or discovering my secret. But Chris would know if something was wrong, and I didn’t like him being good at it. It was easy for him to know my innermost thoughts, and if he found out about my psychotic hallucinations, he’d send me home faster than I could try and explain. Which meant it was time to pull myself together. 
The new goal of the day was to get through the rest of the day without seeing things. That was only going to happen if I wasn’t alone.
*
I ended up treading along the distorted path, all the way to the other end of the hill, which led inside the woods. As predicted, the others were warming up with Missy in their usual spot. Large trees enveloped the area and shielded us from the sun’s glare. I took a moment to appreciate the shade.
 “All set?” Chris strutted over, stashing his cell phone into his pocket and tugging on the end of Missy’s chain. I wondered who he’d been calling if everyone was here already. He said we were only supposed to use the cell phones to call each other. So did I miss something? He pulled rags from his back pocket and handed them out. 
 “I was born ready, coach,” Blue answered, taking the blue rag. She stuffed the material into her back pocket and lunged forward, spiking her fingers in the soil. Looking behind her, she caught Missy’s gaze. “Bite my ass and you’re a dead kitty.” 
Missy huffed and waited for Chris to loosen the thick silver chain around her neck, so she could give Blue something to really talk about. 
 “Ready, set. Go!” Chris shouted. 
Dust swirled from the bottom of Blue’s sneakers, and she bolted headlong into the forest. The object of this exercise was to collect the five black bags situated in the five neighboring trees without losing the colored rag hanging from their pocket. That meant they had to outrun Missy. Missy’s job was to snatch the rag off their pockets and bring it back to Chris, and they had five minutes to complete the task. It usually took them under three. 
Chris knelt beside Missy. “Go get her.” 
The pearl-colored beast purred at the stroke of his hand, and in that split second, showed she was loyal to him. She wanted to please him in the same way we all did. Chris unleashed Missy and watched her sprint forward like a cheetah on wings. Then he turned to me. “You’ll need to spend more time with her. It’ll make your training a lot easier.” 
“Are you serious?” If Blue was still warning Missy about biting her on the ass and they’d known each other for years, how much fiercer would this tiger be toward me? 
 “Yes. I’m serious. You’re not afraid, are you? I can’t imagine you being afraid of anything,” he teased smoothly.
 “No way,” I argued, gritting my teeth. Why would I be afraid of a tiger twice my size? 
 “She’s lying,” Kevin said. “If Missy’s tail swings the wrong way, she’ll be getting on the next plane to California. Aint that right, valley girl?” He stared at me, waiting for a response. But I just shook my head and turned the other way.
Chris smiled, patting Kevin’s shoulder. “Good one.”
 “Here she comes! Woo! My girl’s on a roll!” Kevin peered over my shoulder. 
Chris checked the timer and frowned. Like I said, they were fast. They almost never broke a sweat. But none of them were this fast. I hadn’t blinked enough times before I looked up and saw Blue racing in our direction. None of the black bags were in her hand, though, and there wasn’t any sign of Missy chasing after her. Then she did something to shock us all. She stopped running. 
 “Hey, coach!” she yelled across the trail, waving her arms. “You might wanna check this out.” 
*
Blue hadn’t said a word since we started following her, and I didn’t know what to expect, striding over to the other side of the forest. The perplexed looks on their faces said they didn’t know what was happening either. Her breathing was also heavier than usual. She was trying to appear in control. She was trying to mimic the same calm expression Chris would wear in this predicament, but it wasn’t working. 
Stomping through damp leaves and trying to keep a close distance beside Chris, I studied the arch between his brows. He appeared relaxed and patient, making us feel safe in this moment of uncertainty. It was easy to feel strong when he was around. But as we got closer to the destination, his expression tensed. 
 “I don’t know what’s wrong with her,” Blue said. 
We were standing at the fork in the road, the one I’d found in the woods. It was where the red scarf had blown and landed on the left side, the night they’d left me here alone to attend their meeting. All of the memories came tumbling down. The portrait in Chris’s room, the shoeprints I’d followed in the hallway, the laughing ghost in the woods, and the scarf I’d found in the attic was too closely linked to be a random occurrence. There was a message behind all this. This mansion was haunted, and it was probably trying to tell me something important. Since recently, I had even stopped wearing the scarf, because I didn’t want anything sparking up more hallucinations.
Missy was stationed in front of the left trail. Her tail was nestled behind her. Usually she looked up when we approached her or at least acknowledged our presence, but today, she didn’t turn around. She stared straight ahead, looking into a different world.
 “You guys can head back,” Chris said in a low voice. “I’ll take care of her.”
No one bothered to question him. Maybe they didn’t want an answer. They’d already started heading back to the house. 
“What’s wrong with her?” I asked and clenched my fists, hoping my courageous stance would let Chris know my seriousness. I wasn’t leaving here without an explanation. “What’s wrong with her? Why isn’t she listening?” 
 “She’s always listening.”
 “She’s obviously not hearing you right now. She hasn’t looked up since we got here.” I wanted to add that it wasn’t normal for a pet to completely abandon its master. If there were a threat out there in those woods, she’d be coiled in attack, or at least responding to Chris in some way. But she wasn’t doing either of those things. 
He sighed thoughtfully and asked, “Have you ever watched a dog stare around or bark at the wind when nothing’s there? Missy’s no exception. She pays attention to things, sometimes, things we can’t see.”
“Like what? You mean like otherworldly things?” 
“I guess you could say that.”
I shivered at the thought of Missy seeing things.
“You’ll be fine,” he replied. “You’re in the woods with a bunch of people you don’t know. You’re going to feel like there’s a ghost. Just look at this place. It would scare anyone. But you don’t have to be afraid.”
“I’m not afraid,” I answered. “Who said anything about a ghost?”
He didn’t answer. Instead, we both looked ahead at Missy; I knew she was probably staring at a ghost now. But there was something else Chris wasn’t telling me, and I think it had more to do with this eerie fork in the road, and less to do with his tiger having a sixth sense. 
I didn’t know why, but I felt like he was keeping secrets . . . 
Chapter Seven
 Voices trailed from the kitchen, along with more shouts of excitement. I could hear the commotion from the hallway as I paused in my tracks to decide if I wanted to go back to the room. But I’d already promised myself I wouldn’t stay alone, so the mirages would go away. So far, the method had been working. I hadn’t seen anything in the last few days. All I wanted was four grilled-cheese sandwiches, potato chips, and a tall glass of milk to take it down with. I hated to interrupt their poker game, which I’d done so many times in the past, but I didn’t have a choice. I was hungry as hell. Practice was over. And I didn’t have a motorcycle to drive around like everybody else did. So I had to find happiness in the simple things . . . like grilled cheese sandwiches. 
The three musketeers hung around the kitchen table, playing cards in their usual rowdy fashion. Tre was standing with one foot on his chair, Blue had her elbows on the edge of the table with her nose between the cards, and Kevin watched both of them. He’d apparently told a joke that had all of them laughing to tears, but his last word was cut short when he saw me turn the corner. Everyone else’s gaze followed his, and I sank in mortification. I hated having to deal with their menacing stares. My original goal was to come here and eat a sandwich. My new goal was to make it across the room without falling on my face. 
The silence was thick and unbearable. But I reached the other side without my knees buckling in. It took a strong effort not to look in their direction, even though I knew they were looking in mine. Taking out a pan and spatula, I realized my hands were shaking. As soon as a thick aroma filled the air, cheese bubbled from the grill. I flipped my toasted sandwiches into a perfect stack and topped them off with jelly. With my plate and glass in hand, I pulled a stool from the counter and nibbled on the buttered bread. There was some movement happening at the table in my peripheral, but I couldn’t hear what they were saying. When I looked up, two of them were leaving, and I was left alone with him.
“Here’s the deal.” Tre walked over and grabbed a stool across from me. What did he want? He’d basically ignored me (like the others) the entire time I’d been here, pretending like I didn’t exist. Maybe the coach was sending me back to California, and he wanted Tre to deliver the bad news. “The coach wants me to start training you. I think we need get to know to each other first before we get all close. Why don’t you tell me a little bit about yourself?”
He folded his hands on the counter. Fireworks went off inside my head. I was finally, finally about to get some real, certified training. But why wasn’t Chris training me anymore? Wasn’t I good enough?
I tried to appear calmer than I felt. “What do you want to know?”
 “Why are you here? Did you get lost? Are you homeless?” 
 “No. Is that what Chris asked you to ask me? He already knows why I’m here.”
 “No, it’s what I’m asking. It’s part of my protocol. If I’m the one training you, then I need to know your motivation for being here.”
I wanted to scream my motivation wasn’t any of his business and that Chris was the only one I trusted enough to share any of my inner thoughts with. “Why isn’t Chris training me?”
 “You’re not ready for Chris. You’re not even on his level. So I’ll ask you again. Why are you here?” 
 “Because anything’s better than going back home.”
He stared at me for an extended moment and continued, “Do you think that reason is solid and substantial enough to take on such a life-altering path?” 
“As substantial as everyone else’s . . . not that any reason could possibly legitimize stealing.” I smiled smugly at him, eating the last piece of bread. “I’m kidding.”
“I’m not laughing. If you insist on mocking what we do here, you can leave and not waste our time. Especially mine. I don’t like being mocked, and no one’s got a gun to your head.”
“I’m not mocking you. I want to be here. It’s good for me. Besides, I don’t owe the world anything. It’s already taken everything from me.”
Tre paused and leaned back. “Listen, the only reason you’re here in the first place is because my ex-partner needs to be replaced.” 
 “I didn’t know you had a partner,” I admitted. “Chris didn’t mention anything about partners.”
 “That’s because Chris doesn’t have time to explain things. You can think of this as tryouts. If you make the team, you’ll be initiated as my new partner. If not, you’ll go home. It’s that simple. And you’re not the only one auditioning for this position, so don’t get comfortable. There are others who have way more experience than you do, and they want this position way more than you think you do,” he clarified. “You’ve only gotten this far because Chris brought you here, not because you deserve it.” 
Well, well, well. That wasn’t good news. “If there are others trying out for this position, then why aren’t they here trying out?” 
He squirmed in his seat, and for a moment I thought I had him, but he just leaned back and replied, “I’m sorry. That’s classified information.”
 “Can you at least tell me who on this team has a partner? Or is that also classified?” 
He hesitated before answering. “Blue and Kevin are partners. My partner’s gone, and the coach works alone.” He strode over to the fridge and grabbed a cold drink from the bottom shelf. “We’ll start tomorrow, one hour after practice. If you’re a minute late, don’t bother showing up.” He walked out of the kitchen, leaving me alone to my tornado of thoughts. 
The house was quiet as I dissected everything he told me in regard to our new arrangement. Apparently Chris asked Tre to train me because I needed it; I was an amateur and clearly not ready for Chris’s coaching. I assumed he must’ve known that in the beginning, but he let me study the others, so I’d have something to compare myself to. At least I didn’t have to sneak off to the gym at night anymore and practice alone. I’d have my own personal coach to dissect and criticize my every move, and I couldn’t wait to get started. 
I was also a prospect for being Tre’s partner, which was definitely new information to download. There were others competing for this same position, and I already felt threatened. Chris didn’t have a partner; he worked alone, but Blue’s partner was Kevin, and I was glad she wasn’t teamed up with Chris, flaunting her skills in front of him. It also explained the time when she told Chris she was ‘the best partner ever’ and how he wished he was Kevin. She wasn’t coming onto him in a personal way; she was teasing him because Kevin had a partner and Chris didn’t. I’d been jealous for nothing.
And who was Tre’s ex-partner? 
I wondered if she was the same girl who used to stay in the attic, the one with initials ‘JE?’ She probably used to fit this team like a glove. She and Tre probably finished one another’s sentences and completed each other’s lives before I showed up. Now I confronted the strange sensation of wanting to be a part of it. There was something special about this group that I couldn’t put my finger on. There weren’t any barriers between them. Their friendships were thick and deeper than any of the ones I’d ever had. Their bond was solid. And yet, something strange lurked beneath it, something so . . . arranged. 
Unable to put my thoughts to rest, I went back upstairs to the attic, glad I didn’t have to wake up at five anymore. I could sleep through the morning until Tre was done with his practice. Then I’d be getting real training from a real professional, and nothing else would fill my time. Finally, Chris would be able to see my dedication, and the others would realize I could be as good as them. They’d take me in without hesitation. I just had to work for it.
*
Taking on this new arrangement with Tre, I got dressed in the afternoon and left my notebook on the bed. Tre started our private lesson, teaching me the value of finesse, which was the key element to all of their movements. It explained the dance-like quality that accompanied their routines. This time, my exercises consisted mostly of stretching, and, as Tre elegantly put it, finesse equals flexibility. The gymnastics might come in handy after all.
 “Breathe, flat back.” Tre pulled my arms toward him, making my back arch. 
A flexible back, he explained, held everything together. Reconstructing my posture was harder than I thought it’d be. I was stretching parts of my body that I never knew existed and remaining in those positions for fifteen minutes straight. Every week we concentrated on a different section of the body, forcing my muscles to grow loose and bendy. 
Tre also talked about the ‘X factor,’ or good quality. Even if I had to do less of a routine in order to get the basics, it was better to have the X factor down than to rush the whole process and faint afterwards, or worse, burn out. From there, we started doing a series of pushups, sit-ups, pull-ups, and weightlifting as a form of regular practice. Every other day he had me walking across the balance beam (blindfolded), and I started remembering some of my old tricks. He mentioned oxygen was essential in keeping the body firm and elastic, so I practiced a proper breathing technique throughout the day to help maintain a pleasant flow. In return, I avoided any panting during the exercises. 
Eating meat wasn’t allowed either during the boot camp process, for the simple fact it clogged up the pores and stopped the body from absorbing the necessary nutrients, according to the vegetarians; everyone here was either a vegetarian or vegan. I could’ve easily found out about this information in a section of Sports Illustrated, but it was the first time being healthy mattered to such an extreme. Plus, I didn’t want to rain on Tre’s tutoring parade. He was after all, the key to my fate as a professional thief. 
Today we stretched in front of the mirrors for three hours straight, and I could barely keep my head from hanging over. Finally, I flopped on the floor in utter exhaustion.
“I’m here to help if you want my help. But you have to start acting like you want to be here,” he said.
“I do. I want to be here more than you know. I’m just tired.”
“There’s no such thing as tired. I don’t even know what that word means. Get up.”
We spoke this way to each other most of the time. If Tre wanted to teach me about diet and exercise, I was going to listen to him and take it to heart, because my progress depended solely on him.
 He walked over and helped me up. Right away, we went straight into the next exercise. He sat on my back as I started doing a set of pushups.
“Slow down,” Tre said. “You’re going too fast, that’s why you’re tired. Working out is like sex. You have to coordinate your muscles. Contract them.”
I pressed upwards and down again, trying to hide the fact that this was my least favorite exercise of the bunch.
He stirred off my back, irritated. “Stop! Stop moving your hands. Keep them like this. Keep them here like your life depends on it.” 
Apparently closed hands were the next important thing to having a flexible back. No matter what happened on the scene, the fingers stayed clenched at all times. If for some reason they slipped and separated on an assignment, the first thing they’d do was cut into a laser beam. 
“Now . . . where was I?” Tre climbed onto my back and stared in the mirror again. “Oh yes. Working out is like sex.”
*
I was finally introduced to the forest exercise with Missy. Chris always made me sit out while the others practiced this one, since the beast and I hadn’t quite bonded. Even though she was taught to get along with humans it didn’t stop me from keeping a reasonable distance. As far as I was concerned, she didn’t look friendly no matter how many years of training she had. She was still a tiger.
Tre pointed out the five trees I’d be climbing, each one of them holding a small black pouch. “It’s not about getting the bags,” he explained. “It’s about not getting caught. Missy’s job, her whole mission in life is to snatch this flag off your pocket. If she’s successful, if you can’t outrun her, you lose. It doesn’t matter if you come back empty-handed as long as this rag is still hanging from your ass. Capiche?” he checked. 
 “So wait, she doesn’t bite or anything, right?”
Tre lowered to the ground, petting her. “Of course she bites. She’s a man-eating beast. Ain’t that right, Missy? Look at those teeth. That’s my girl. It’s the same way with her as with anything else. If you’re good to her, she’ll be good to you.”
Missy purred.
 “Of course,” I added . . . because I was so interested in bonding with a man-eating beast. 
For the next three days, I walked on the dirt trail alone as instructed. When I felt secure with the route, we moved on to the next lesson that was so vital in being a thieving success – speed.
As the fastest runner on the team, Tre made no effort to cover up his gift with modesty. He’d say in the middle of some long extended speech, “. . . because I’m the best runner in the world.” He went on and on about himself, and I soaked up every arrogant word until I thought my ears would fall off. 
He talked about the ‘runner within’ and how amazing it felt being one with the wind. He explained the invisible god-carriers, and how they transported him from point A to point B, and how they hoisted him into the air when no one was looking. I always thought running was throwing one foot in front of the other, but apparently there was more. 
After lunch, I jogged up to the hill and completed a set of short sprints in the same area where we played rag-hunt with Missy. I ran from the one end of the trail to the other. My initial timing was an insult to any runner. 
 “Use your feet!” Tre yelled. “Stay on them. Lean on them.” 
 “It’s because you’re going too fast. I can’t think.”
 “What do you mean I’m going too fast? You’re thinking too slow. That’s the problem. Don’t think at all. Just run!” 
The fervor in his words made something snap. Maybe a light bulb switched inside my brain or a dose of pure mental exhaustion caused me to not care anymore, because I immediately dropped everything I’d learned; the running techniques, the methods of breathing, and the invisible god carriers. I let myself forget . . . 
Just run.
 “Ready.” 
The atmosphere narrowed in front of me.
 “Set.”
My knees dipped into a lunge.
 “Go!”
Air immediately whipped around, lifting me high above the earth; at least that’s what it felt like. As I aimed for my target at the end of the trail like a bow released from its arrow, I couldn’t hear anything but my own breathing. I was falling into the picture in front of me. 
My feet were light and weightless, so much that I couldn’t feel either of them hitting the ground. I wondered if the invisible god carriers were ‘hoisting me into thin air’ at this point, or if this was just my own elation. As I turned back around to the starting point, I leaned ahead, pressing my toes forward like Tre instructed, which was the only rule I’d let myself remember.
Stuttering across the finish line, I saw the real world reappear before my eyes, and Tre was standing there with a blank expression on his face. He rubbed his chin. 
 “Well?” I asked.
He nodded. “Better.”
*
My time eventually fell below three minutes. It wasn’t anything to get excited about, but it was enough to move on to the next thing – climbing trees. Learning how to climb a tree didn’t seem relevant to anything we were doing. They were robbers after all, not monkeys, but Tre consistently explained, “We have to be prepared for anything.” 
He was right. Anything could happen. It was best to have tree climbing under our belts.
“So why haven’t we gone on any missions yet?” I asked.
“Because we don’t go on any missions while we’re training. We’re only focused on sharpening up for three months. Later on, we partner up and make it happen.”
“Why do need to know how to climb trees?”
 “If you can climb a tree, you can climb anything. It helps build your core and at the same time strengthens your upper body and increases your fluidity . . . it also teaches you how to move against gravity.”
 “What’s the point in Missy chasing us?”
He sighed. “In this kind of profession, you’re always running from something. Being chased is a good way to keep you in that state of mind. Never stop running. Never get comfortable. And whatever you do, don’t look back. It’s also good practice in case you piss off some cop’s dog. German shepherds are pretty fast if they’re trained right.”
For some reason, I couldn’t imagine a dog running faster than Missy, but I nodded. I didn’t know being a thief would be this much hard work, but I didn’t mind the load at all. This was the most excitement I’d had in years, and I just wanted to show the world what I was capable of. The world took something away from me (my mom), and now I was going to take something back. Here, I’d be important. I’d mean something. And I knew it was wrong to steal. I didn’t necessarily believe in the formalities of religion, but the thought of being a criminal didn’t exactly give me a clear conscience. It did, however, create a lot of anxiety in my stomach. If my mom were here, she’d say I was running from something. This was my psychological escape to avoid dealing with my real problems. She’d say I should stop running and face those problems before they all caught up with me. But she’d be wrong. This was my way of avenging her. This was my response to having something ripped out of my arms too soon, before I could even say goodbye. It was time to throw away all hindrances, all the fears, all the judgments, and just give in.  
 “I’m going to be a really great thief, Tre,” I finally confessed. “Just watch.”
“I know you are, because I’m you’re coach. Alright, back to work. Pay attention,” Tre ordered. “Look at the tree.”
I stared at the tree.
 “It’s your friend.” He ran his fingers down the bark. “It wants you to succeed.”
Grimacing, I mentally became one with the tree. It wasn’t much different than climbing a rope. All I needed was a solid grip, and pulling my weight would be the easy part, or at least easier than gripping the tree, which was why we couldn’t use gloves. Gloves thwarted the whole gripping process. But not using them at all just seemed like it would hurt. 
Mounting the tree and throwing one hand over the other, I realized the tips of my fingers started to bleed. I wasn’t surprised when Tre told me to grab a roll of scotch tape from the house.
 “We’re not supposed to do this,” he said, shooting me a stern look and carefully wrapping pieces of tape around my fingers. “It slows you down. Sooner or later you’ll need to toughen up and deal with it. How’s that?”
I stared up at the tree and took a breath. “Fine. Thanks.” 
Despite Tre’s warning, I managed to climb the highest branch by nightfall. The neighboring trees were alit and glistening in the frosty cold night, and a breeze smothered my face. Fog from my breath filled the air as I stood above the tall tree, high and exultant. 
“Wooo!” I exclaimed and started singing to nothing in particular. 
 “Alright, that’s enough! Get back down here and do it again!” Tre immediately cut off my mini-celebration, and I looked down at his tiny speck of a head and almost laughed. He wasn’t as tall from up here. 
Stooping onto the next lowest branch, I’d already started preparing for round two.
*
Making our way toward the front door, I noticed the van had been parked in the driveway. Lights gleamed from inside the house and formed shadows on the porch. Chris was already home. He usually spent the evenings running errands after practice and left us hanging around to do our own thing, but not tonight. I didn’t realize how much I looked forward to seeing him. The way my schedule was, it didn’t allow for us to see each other often. Tre trained me from 1pm-5pm. And at my request, Tre also started tutoring me during the night.
No one ever stayed home long enough for us to get acquainted. If they were here, they played video games in the living room, watched TV, listened to music, played cards in the kitchen, or hung out in their rooms. Whatever the activity was, they made sure I wasn’t invited. If I did show up on their turf, trying to be nice and social, they stopped whatever they were doing and fled the scene before I could open my mouth. So I did everyone a favor and stopped trying. 
As we reached the porch steps, I could hear ruffling coming from one of Tre’s pocket. It was his cell phone, which was identical to the one Chris had given me.
“What up, boss? I’m right outside.” He threw up a finger and paced toward the van. 
I wondered why he couldn’t wait for us to get inside and talk to the coach face-to-face. It would’ve been a lot easier than answering the phone and sneaking off to the van . . . unless he wasn’t talking to Chris at all, unless there were other bosses around here that I didn’t know about. The idea wasn’t too farfetched since there were other members competing for this position that I didn’t know about either. We obviously weren’t the only ones training. There were others just like us, who I hadn’t even met yet.
Missy wheezed, looking unsure of which way to go. 
“Go with him. I don’t care.” 
She surprised me, resting her pearl coat beside my foot and purring. 
“This does not mean we’re friends,” I said. 
She wasn’t paying attention. She licked both of her paws and wiped the tip of her snout. Chris would’ve called this a bonding moment, but I liked to think of it as ‘I-don’t-have-a choice-because-I-live-with-you’ scenario. We both sat there watching Tre pace across the driveway. My eyes eventually drifted to the crow statue again. I couldn’t believe what happened a month ago . . . seeing that damn bird floating in the swimming pool managed to leave a permanent scar in my dreams. What was up with the statue anyway? Someone must’ve noticed it by now, sitting upside down on the steps. No one bothered to turn it the right way? 
 “Watch out girl.” I knelt beside Missy, watching her step back. 
The statue was about ten inches tall, like the other sculptures in the attic. The features and carvings were identical to the crow statue that had basically come to life in the swimming pool. The letters ‘JE’ were signed on the platter, just like the sketch in the attic, so I’m guessing this mystery girl was probably Tre’s ex-partner. She must’ve stayed in the attic before leaving the group. Chris mentioned she was into pottery and sculpting and enjoyed making these kinds of things on her free time – she must’ve had a lot of free time.
 “Weird,” I mumbled and lifted the stone. It was twenty pounds heavier than I thought it’d be as my fingers trailed over the crow’s beak. That’s when I realized the statue was purposely made to appear upside-down. The base was near the crow’s head where the initials had been carved. Exploring the surrounding statues further, I discovered the same person created all of them. Some were angels, some were gargoyles, and others were shaped like clusters of gardenia. They all had the initials ‘JE’ carved at the base.
Returning to the crow statue’s platform, I saw a group of leaves on the ground where it’d been sitting, and I removed them, curious to see why they’d been stuck there. Without warning, my attention narrowed to an item flashing in the soil. Beneath the leaves, under a chunk of mud, an ancient charm gleamed vibrantly, and I pushed aside the dirt, finding a small rusted object with a medieval clover on the end of it. 
It was a key.
 “What are you doing?” Tre walked back from the van. He was off the phone.
I slid the key into my pocket. “Nothing. I was just looking around. Who’s JE?”
Tre stopped in his tracks and eyed me. “After training’s over, we’ll answer all of your questions, alright? But right now, JE is none of your business.”
“Come on, give me something. Her initials are all over these statues. Was she your ex-partner?”
“Not mine,” he replied. 
“I don’t get it. Whose partner was she?”
“I’m not allowed to tell say. I have rules, too, you know. My advice is to forget about her and focus on your work. You don’t need anything hindering your progress. Let’s get inside before you get me in trouble.” 
He left me standing there with even more questions than before.
Chapter Eight
As the weeks stacked on, I started showing visible results in all of my exercises. I could outrun Missy with my eyes closed and came back every time with five black bags in my hand. She didn’t bite my ass or try to attack me in the middle of warm up. She was too professional and focused on getting the job done to do any of those ‘tigerly’ things, so we maintained a professional relationship. 
Aside from running, tree climbing was my next favorite sport on the list. Reaching the highest branch and looking into the night sky was a refreshing way to clear my head and relax, even though I wasn’t nearly as good as Blue. She was the epitome of perfection, a constant reminder of how much work I had in front of me. Tre reinforced we were all on the same team and didn’t need to compete. But that didn’t stop him from making bets with Kevin over who could swim or run the fastest, proving that this was a competition after all. No matter how much of a family they thought they were, we were all naturally competitive. It was especially competitive for me, since I was the one striving to win this position as Tre’s partner. Tre never fully elaborated about these ‘mysterious’ candidates that I’d be facing, but if they’d been training for years, and I was just getting here, I had a lot more to prove than just being in good physical shape. I needed to be the best one here. My competitive nature said I had to be better than Blue. 
On the physical aspect of things, my body was becoming more firm and bendable, making my return to the balance beam a nostalgic experience. Gymnastics had always been my passion, so having the opportunity to put my buried talents to work was an invigorating attempt. Not that I was a gymnastics champ, but I completed the assignments swiftly, precisely, and without wheezing for air. That was a lot to be proud of compared to my first day. 
Lifting my head out of the water, I wiped my eyes. “How’d I do?” 
The indoor pool was full of yellow laser beams, like an underground training fort. Everyday I practiced dodging them and completed the routines while racing against the clock. It took a great deal of focus, good reflexes, and a fluid stride. If I missed any of the marks, like I often did, the lines would turn red, and that’d be the end of the mission. But today the beams were still yellow, which meant I’d passed the assignment. I was just waiting for Tre to cough up my timing. 
 “Come on, Tre, tell me.” 
He was sitting on the pool’s bar, swinging his legs. His hair was freshly corn-rolled from when Blue braided it three nights ago. “You’re horrible. I don’t know about you, Chicken Legs. One day you’re a helpless goon, the next minute you surprise me.” 
I floated across the pool and tried to shrug off the new nickname he’d given me, because I apparently had long legs. I couldn’t remember the exact moment he initiated the name; it just crept up on me one day and I found myself responding to it. 
Taking the watch from his hand, I observed the low numbers on the stopwatch and laughed. “I guess if you weren’t such an amazing coach . . .” I stuck my tongue at him.
“What can I say, I’m the magician. That’s enough for tonight.” He snapped a finger and started checking his phone again, which was always buzzing and ringing like crazy. It made me question whether or not he was following Chris’s rules. There seemed to be more people on his contact list than just the four of us. 
 “Hey, Tre. Do you ever call other people on that phone? Or do you only use it for the group?” I climbed out of the pool. 
“It’s for the group. No exceptions. Didn’t Chris explain that already?”
 “He did. He also mentioned I’d have to use a different phone if I wanted to call my parents.”
 “Your parents? Then you should take advantage of it. If you end up staying here, you’ll probably stop talking to them altogether at some point. You won’t have time. You’ll be too busy doing other things. You’ve got a new life here. It’s going to be hard to include your old one.”
“I understand. Chris told me the way it works. I only brought up the cell phone because I always see you on it. But everyone’s here already if you wanted to talk to them. So, I’m guessing you use it to call other people?”
“Listen up. I’m only going to say this once. I am way more into the game than you are. I have a lot more responsibilities than you do and with a lot more privileges, because I’ve been here longer than you have. So do yourself a favor and don’t compare yourself. With that being said, there are others you haven’t met yet. Sometimes I’m calling them.” 
 “Got it. I think I need a drink.” 
 “Good. It’s your turn to make them anyway.”
 “My turn?”
His phone vibrated again and he checked his new text message. “I made the drinks last time.” 
 “I thought Kevin did,” I replied. We often made the fake margaritas, the kinds without alcohol, and when we did, I always had the most fun. The musketeers didn’t give me the stank-eye every time I walked into the kitchen anymore. Sometimes they even asked me to make the drinks (if Tre wasn’t available), because I had a talent for making them well.
 “Don’t argue with me, little girl.” 
 “I’m not arguing. They’re just perfect when you do them.”
 “Fine. I’ll make the stupid margaritas, but only because I feel like it.” 
I continued down the hallway, elated that I was able to convince him otherwise. Tre really did make the best drinks out of everyone in the house. I’d lost count of how many times I tried to steal his recipe. Even when I was successful, I couldn’t make them halfway as good as he did. He had this magic touch for making the beverages sweet, yet not too sugary. 
As we made our way upstairs, I overheard voices coming in the kitchen and followed Tre through the living room. Kevin and Chris were sitting at the kitchen table, engrossed in a game of cards.
 “What up?” Tre scampered toward the refrigerator, pulling out strawberries, lime soda and lemon juice. Kevin and Chris gave a mindless wave, and I sat on the cold tiled counter, exposing my thighs. I tried to pull my shorts down, but they were too short, clinging to my legs and still dripping from the pool. I bit down on one of the strawberries. 
 “You never told me who taught you how to make margaritas,” I said. 
Tre started making the drinks. “Isn’t it obvious? I used to bartend.”
 “How old are you again?”
 “Not twenty-one. But I had a fake ID and some nice friends.” 
 “Hey, man, would you make me one of those drinks?” Kevin asked.
 “What is this? The drive thru?” Tre replied, throwing the ingredients into the cocktail. He turned to me. “Did you take your vitamins today?” 
I leaped off the counter. “Oops, almost forgot.” I walked over to the cabinet and reached up, but even on my toes I couldn’t reach them. I had to climb onto the counter. My bottle of multi-vitamins was labeled ‘Calise’ in black and bold letters. It was halfway empty, and I popped one of the capsules into my mouth. 
 “Whoop, there it is,” I mocked Tre. “Remember that, Tre? Remember when you threw my candy bar out the window and lamely handed me a carrot instead?” 
 “It was trail mix. Not a carrot.” 
 “I still can’t believe you did that!” I exclaimed. “It was the most delicious candy bar on the planet right then, and you completely destroyed it. You’re so lucky we’re cool right now.”
 “Or else what?” 
“Or else this,” I waved my fist in front of him.
“Ooo, I’m really scared. You should be thanking me. You can’t eat junk food in this place and still successfully work here. You should be glad I kept it real in the beginning.”
I watched him dab a hint of nutmeg into the cocktail mix. It didn’t make sense to my natural mind that he’d put nutmeg into a sweet drink, but if he pulled out a tube of ketchup and started sprinkling pepper into the mix, I wouldn’t complain about that either; that’s how good his drinks were. 
 “Glasses!” He ordered promptly, throwing up four fingers. 
That was my cue. I ran toward the cabinets and snatched up four rim-trimmed margarita glasses from the bottom shelf, then watched him sprinkle salt and sugar around the edges. It felt nice being the only girl around for a change, getting the undercurrent of attention. Not that I was attention-hungry, but the feeling of being included did somehow make up for my lack of friends in the real world. I just hoped Blue wasn’t coming home anytime soon. She always made things awkward with her funky attitude. The guys would be fine with me until the grumpy lioness showed up. 
“Here, take these over.” Tre gave me two glasses filled with ruby beverage, smelling strongly of strawberries and lime. 
“That’s nice of you, Tre. Making one for them.” I set both glasses in front of Kevin and Chris. 
 “How else am I going to bribe coach to use the van tonight?”
Chris flashed Tre a look. “You can’t use your bike?”
 “It’s not sufficient enough for the cause, coach,” he replied, shooting Chris another coded look.
 “We have a meeting later,” Chris clarified, looking at the cards. “If Blue gets back in time, you can use it. You’ll need to be back before we leave. You can’t afford to miss anymore meetings.”
 “Yeah, Tre. Everybody knows you hate Porscha,” Kevin added. “You don’t have to keep hiding in the van to avoid her every time we go to a meeting.”
 “I’m not hiding in the van. I’m not ready to go in, capiche?” Tre tightened his grip around his glass. “Don’t worry about me, coach. I’ll be back in time.”
Chris nodded. “Kevin’s right. You’ve been missing a lot lately by staying outside. I’ve covered for you twice. That won’t fly tonight.” 
 “I know,” Tre murmured.
I leaned forward. “Who’s Porscha?”
They all paused and exchanged looks. 
“No one,” Tre answered, using a determined tone that said I’d better let it go. He lifted his glass and cleared his throat. “I don’t know about you guys, but I could go for a game of Spades right about now. Who’s in?”
 “We’ll need partners, and she doesn’t know how to play.” Kevin looked up at me.
 “I know how to play Spades,” I snapped. “I’m with Tre.” 
 “Whoa, whoa, whoa.” Tre retreated, lifting his hand. “Maybe we should flip a coin.”
 “I said I can play,” I repeated. 
 “That’s right, Tre. She can play,” Kevin repeated mockingly. He wore his usual cocky grin that made me want to surgically remove it from his face. 
 “Fine then. She’s with me. But no bets the first round.”
 Kevin grabbed a piece of paper. “I’ll keep score.” 
They continued preparing the table. I guess saying ‘I won’ at the end of the game wasn’t good enough for these guys; they had to gamble about everything. But the game itself was enough for me. I’d finally be having more real interaction with the musketeers, and not just watching from the sidelines. As much as I tried to convince myself that inclusion didn’t matter, it did. And it felt really good to be part of a tight-knit group.
I sat beside Chris at the corner of the table, leaving enough space between us to keep my cards hidden. “You guys must really like this game,” I said. “You’ve all got the same matching tattoo on your arm. Is anyone going to tell me what the spade means?” 
“It means we look out for each other,” Tre answered.
 “Yeah. And if you don’t have one, it means you don’t belong here,” Kevin added.
Chris shot him a look. “Kevin. A pen.” 
Kevin walked away to the drawer, heeding to the warning in Chris’s tone. I wasn’t sure how to respond to Chris defending me, so I just rearranged the cards in my hand like I was doing something important.
Since I hadn’t played Spades in a while, I wasn’t expecting to be a world champion tonight, even though I wore a mean poker face. They wouldn’t know what hit them if I used my talent and played my cards right. 
After Kevin cut the deck into three sections, Tre dealt the cards, and I reached out for mine, organizing them by suits. My left shoulder suddenly started tingling again. It’d been doing this a while now. I tried rubbing the swollen area, but the more I scratched, the more it tingled. When I looked down at the Jack of Clubs, I was surprised to find the picture expanding over the rest of the cards and somehow transforming into a deformed scarecrow. 
“What the hell . . .” The numbers got big, and then small again, and then blurred out completely.
 “You alright over there?” Tre asked.
 “I’m fine. You didn’t put anything in these drinks, right?” I asked, still scratching my left shoulder. I knew it was a stupid question. For one, I saw Tre make the drinks. He only used fruits. None of the glasses even smelled like liquor. For two, alcohol was more banned in this house than meat and sugar combined. 
 “Why do you ask?” He leaned forward, annoyed that I suggested it. “You were right in the kitchen with me.”
 “I know, I know. It’s just . . . my head’s acting weird. And my arm itches. I hope it’s not poison ivy.”
The guys exchanged coded looks.
 “Did you eat anything today?” Chris asked.
I sighed, trying to remember. I recalled having a slice of watermelon, and later on a macaroni and cheese dinner. “I had something earlier. I’ll be fine, though. Don’t worry about it. Let’s play the game.” 
Kevin glanced my way. “So what’ll it be?”
I scanned the cards and replied, “Four.”
Tre glanced at his cards. “I’ve got three over here. We’ll go seven.” 
Kevin jotted it down, then asked, “What’s it lookin’ like, boss?”
Chris threw up four fingers.
 “We’ll go eight,” Kevin added, scribbling it down. 
This would be an interesting game: Tre and me versus Kevin and Chris. Blue wasn’t here either, so I didn’t have to worry about her blocking my social progress. I’d either win their approval tonight or royally fall on my ass. Kevin was the first one to dish out, and we watched him play an Ace of Diamonds, an easy win if no one cut it.  I sat on my legs to get a better view of the pile. It looked like the diamond in the middle of the card was swirling in circles, and a wave of heat rushed over me. The cards fell out of my hand and scattered over the table.
Tre frowned. “Are you alright?” 
 “I said I’m cool,” I reassured, gathering my cards. No one could know about the dizzy spells I’d been having since I got here, not if I wanted to stay. After another play, we all waited on Tre. “Come on, Tre. You can do it. If you can’t do it, nobody can,” I mumbled, rolling my head on the back of the chair. I didn’t know what my mouth was saying at this point, but the ceiling looked like a sea of black and white marble, stirring in circles. And I felt so . . . high.
 “It’s not Tre’s turn. It’s yours,” Kevin said.
 “Already?” I could barely keep myself from swaying off the chair as I squinted through my options. There weren’t any diamonds in my hand, so I threw out a deuce of spade and smiled. “How’s that?”
The guys looked flustered as I swiped my first book. They had no idea I was just getting started. I grabbed the next book, and the next one, setting up my collection of points to the side. I might’ve been woozy, but I was still a card-shark.
“Let me see.” I searched my hand, tossing out the Ace of Hearts, which turned out to be my next book, along with the next four plays. By the time I threw out my Big Joker on the final play, Tre had already eased up on the idea of us being partners.
 “Wooo!” Tre shouted. “Yeeaaa booyyy. That’s what I’m talkin’ about!”
Chris sat up, tapping the table. 
 “So um . . . do you like my poker face?” I asked Chris. 
He didn’t say anything. 
 “Just play the game,” Kevin complained. His head had taken on the shape of a lopsided bubble, and I laughed to myself, counting off my stack of points. 
 “I’ve got eight on this end,” I reported.
 “That gives us nine altogether, Legs.” Tre nodded and slapped my open hand. “What do you have over there, Kevin? Five. Looks like ya’ll are in the hole.” 
 “So what?” Kevin said. “We weren’t betting anyway. It doesn’t matter.” 
Tre cleared his throat. “Uh-huh. Just make sure you write that score down. Chump.”
 “That’s right, Chump,” I repeated after him. That served Kevin right. I hated being underestimated, and Kevin had definitely taken the cake for making me feel under-valued. 
Resting against the chair, I started feeling rumblings in my lower stomach, and the intensity of it caught me off guard. I didn’t know what was coming over me. For a split second it felt like I was going to fall over or faint. 
 “Hey there, boys. Playin’ cards without me?” Blue walked in with a bag of groceries.
Kevin’s face lit up. “There she is.”
Everyone turned around.
 “She can take my spot,” I offered. “I think I’m going to bed.”
 “What? You can’t leave in the middle of a game.” Tre looked betrayed.
 “I know, I’m sorry. But I really have to go,” I explained and tried to cheer him up without sounding melodramatic. But he didn’t make it easy, especially after we just kicked major butt and discovered we might work well together after all. I wondered if we’d share the same chemistry as criminal thief partners. “I’ll make it up to you.”
Tre was annoyed and gathered the cards. He was impossible to please. I ran toward the cupboard and grabbed a bottle of water and Pepto-Bismol. Then I vigorously scratched my left shoulder, which had turned reddish, and threw up the peace sign. “Goodnight, guys.” 
Tre grunted dismissively as Kevin helped his girlfriend put her things away. 
Chris shot me a faint smile. “Goodnight, Calise.”
“Goodnight,” I mumbled again and caught myself turning the corner in slow motion, just to see the expression on his face. He was looking directly at me, and everything seemed to fade into the background. We were the only two stars in the universe . . . the only two creatures left in existence. His eyes were deep and enchanting, and I wanted to swim inside those chasms forever. But I couldn’t meet his gaze for too long, because I was about two seconds away from falling on my ass. 
As I headed up the corridor, my feet dragged along the wood. I was hoping Chris hadn’t noticed my delirium tonight. In the past, I’d been able to conceal my episodes. They’d never been this intense, just some blurry images and short spells of dizziness. But tonight, it felt like eels were doing flips inside my stomach. I was hot as hell and seeing doubles. I knew I wasn’t pregnant, because pregnant people had to have sex. I wasn’t on drugs or medication. The only thing I could come up with was maybe I was allergic to something. This could’ve been my body’s reaction to being in the woods; that’s what I’d been telling myself for the past eight-and-a-half weeks. 
Once I made it to the attic, I closed the door open and flicked on the switch, already opening my bottle of Pepto-Bismol. Pink liquid gushed down my throat, followed by gulps of water. Whatever mischief going on inside my stomach, this was about to fix it, or at least I hoped so. I settled along the edge of the bed, next to a pair of jeans I’d worn yesterday. The key I’d found under the crow statue was in one of the pockets, and I twirled the steel between my fingers. I knew by its size and shape that it didn’t belong to anyone’s bedroom. It was either the key to a locket box or a diary. 
Taking the gold necklace from around my neck, I stared at the picture of my mother inside then slid the chain through the key’s hole, connecting the key around my neck and securing the snap. Now the key would be tucked beneath my shirt at all times in case I ran into anything of consequence. Maybe when the others headed out to their conference later, I’d go searching around the house again, looking for any loose diaries lying around. That was the only time I’d be able to investigate, when they left me behind for their private meetings. Then once I was done checking, I’d return the key to the statue and no one would suspect foul play.
Satisfied with my plan, I wandered back toward the sketch of the creek. It was the one I admired when I first arrived here. Black pastel formed the borders of the lake, and the smell of damp grass seemed to leak right through the page. Who was JE? Tre only told me who she wasn’t. But now, I wanted to know her more than anything. There was an inner propellant forcing me to get more answers. 
Who drew this painting? Who occupied this bedroom? If ‘JE’ wasn’t Tre’s old partner, then who was she? 
I didn’t know where to start. The only thing I knew was that this girl made statues in her free time, and she was also probably the same person who hid this key under the crow stone. 
The tingling sensation spread through my arm. “What the hell is wrong?” I marched to the mirror and looked at the irritated rash on my arm. If poison ivy was the cause of this, I would’ve been itching in other places as well. But there was only one rash. As I observed it more closely, I could hear a creaking sound coming from outside the door.
Had Chris come upstairs to say goodnight? I couldn’t imagine. He barely said more than ten sentences to me since we got here. 
Nearing the door, I felt my heart pounding against my chest. The same eerie feeling returned, like someone else was in the attic, and I wasn’t alone. I opened the door and found no one standing there, and a surge of relief took over. But what caused the creaking? 
I noticed a small trail of shoeprints leading to the bathroom across the hall. The door was cracked open, and the light was on. The shoeprints were the same ones I’d seen before. The last thing I wanted to see was them disappear. Then it would mean I was really losing it. Rather than following them this time, I locked myself inside the attic, flopped on the bed, and dreamed.
Gentle whispers stalked behind me. Owls hooted in the shadowed, unknown places. It was too dark to have come alone. I should’ve stayed in the cabin where it was safe. But I kept forward anyway, ducking under leaves and cracking them until I came face to face with the lake; the same lake I’d seen in the sketch hanging on the wall in the attic. Tonight, there weren’t bright lilies or green willow trees like it was in the picture; only the outlining of branches covering the bridge. And a girl faced the water. She was on the other side of the lake, draped in a black hooded cloak, and didn’t seem to notice my intrusion. 
“Hello,” I called, creeping down the small hill. 
“Hello, Calise.”
Studying her features closely, I saw it was the girl from the portrait, the one who’d been hanging above Chris’s mantel. Her focus returned to the stream, and I followed it, struggling to see what she was looking at. Then she turned and headed into the woods, so I called after her, “Hey, wait! Don’t go! Tell me what happened!” 
She paused in her tracks and replied, “It’s in the water.”
Chapter Nine
It was only a dream. The way my heart was pounding, it was more like a nightmare – a very vivid nightmare. The girl in the black hooded cloak kept flashing through my mind, causing shivers to sweep across my arms. She was the girl from the portrait, the one that looked exactly like me. Was she also the same girl who drew this picture of the lake?
Was that girl in the portrait . . . JE? 
I already knew JE wasn’t Tre’s old partner, he’d already confessed she wasn’t, so it was time for me to find out the truth. I needed to know once and for all who she’d once been partnered with when she lived here.
On top of that, I had to pee like nobody’s business. Slipping on a yellow shirt and some baggy tan sweats, I slicked my hair into a ponytail. As I shut the door behind me, I noticed the shoeprints were gone. The surprise of the hallucinations was starting to lose its effect, since every day there was another one for me to face. The bathroom door was still cracked open when I washed my face and took care of business. Then I continued down the hall toward the front staircase. A string of light from the living room served as my guide, and I tried not to think about the disappearing shoeprints or the girl’s identical face that’d been in my dream. I wanted to leave her behind, buried in the corners of my mind, along with the crow statue in the swimming pool and the whispers that followed me on the fork trail. All I had to do was move on with my life and pretend like none of this ever happened. It wasn’t real. 
Turning the corner into the living room, I found Tre on the floor near the fireplace, reading a sports magazine. Kevin was behind him with a leg sprawled on the couch and the other one hanging from the edge. He was filling out another crossword puzzle. 
 “Oh, look, the dead has arisen . . .” Tre announced, looking up from his magazine and twisting his toes in the air.
 “Hey.” I waved weakly.
Kevin glanced over. “We were almost gonna call a doctor.”
 “What do you mean?” I dragged to the empty sofa and curled onto the cushion. The crackling fire attempted to warm my chills, but didn’t thoroughly soothe the effects from my dream. Her words kept repeating in my brain, spreading like wildfire. 
It’s in the water. 
 “You were asleep for the last twenty-four hours,” Tre replied, flipping the page. “I didn’t think that was humanly possible.”
 “Twenty-four hours?” That couldn’t be right. As much stuff going on in my mind, I was surprised I’d slept at all. “You’re exaggerating, Tre. I couldn’t have slept that long. We were just playing cards.” 
 “Twenty-four hours ago,” Kevin replied.
“I don’t believe it,” I protested and threw up my arms, angry that I’d been so distracted by these dreams and hallucinations that it was starting to seep into my work. “So wait a minute, I missed practice?” 
“I knocked on your door four times. You didn’t answer,” Tre replied. “You know I don’t take absence lightly.”
“I know.”
“In this case, I’ll give you a break.  I know we’ve been going hard, doing two practices a day. We’ll cut back to one practice a day. Besides, training’s almost over. It’ll give your body some time to heal.”
I nodded and agreed with him. My muscles did need to rest. “Is Chris mad at me for not showing up?”
 “Is Chris mad at you? Chris isn’t the one training you. I am. And yes, I’m pissed at you for not telling me you weren’t coming. That’s why I’m going to take a walk now, so I can cool off and get some fresh air. Out of this hot ass house.” Tre got up from the floor and stretched his arms. 
 “I’ll go with you,” I said. “I could probably use the fresh air more than anyone.”
Kevin scribbled some more on his crossword page.
 “But really, Tre, twenty-four hours?” I repeated, shaking my head. No wonder I had to pee like a racehorse when I first woke up; I’d been holding it for an entire day! 
Tre didn’t say anything. He threw his magazine on the table and led the way toward the front door. “It’s cold out here, woman. Is that all you’re wearing? You’re gonna need something more than that.” 
Now that he’d mentioned it, the draft was a bit nippy, slithering beneath my t-shirt. 
He rolled his eyes and took off his sweater. “Here.”
 “Thanks.” I pulled the thick, wool material over my head. 
Tre marched to the closet and snatched out a navy pullover from the hanger, then threw it over him and fitted the hood on his head. “Come on, let’s go.”
As we continued down the hill, our breath left a trail of smoke in front of us. Fireflies glowed in the dark, and the sound of hissing crickets reminded me that I was officially in the South. “It’s good you came,” he finally said. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about.”
I was curious to know what was on his mind because he rarely had things to talk to me about. But before he could say anything else, an intense vibrating stirred on my leg, and I patted down the inside of my pockets. It was coming from Tre’s sweater. His cell phone flashed Francesca in bright red letters.
 “It’s for you.” 
He sighed and watched the screen, shooting me a look. 
 “I guess that’s not Chris.”
 “None of your business, Legs. Don’t go there.” 
 “I wasn’t going there. Except, well, how many girlfriends is that now? Two?”
“We’re not discussing my private life. I spoke to Chris yesterday. He thinks you’re showing improvement. He wants to take you to the next level.”
 “Really?” I tried to hold back my excitement. Since day one, all I’d been working for was the moment Chris would say I was ready to be a professional thief. I was mildly upset he didn’t tell me those words himself, and even more annoyed he used Tre as his middleman to deliver the message. But at least I was making steady improvement. “Wow, that’s great. What’s on the next level?” 
 “It’s called the pre-course,” he explained. “You’ll go on a legitimate assignment with the rest of the team so Chris can test your overall performance and see if you have what it takes to be one of us. If you meet his standards and he feels you’re a compatible addition to this group, you’ll be invited to join the team as my partner. But if for some reason you don’t impress him, if he’s not too fond of our chemistry together, then you know what time it is.”
 “Did he explain the pre-course?”
 “No, not yet. He’ll be giving us instructions on our assignment later tonight or sometime tomorrow. I’m giving you heads up, so you’re prepared.”
I allowed his words to sink in. “I’m sorry for not calling you. I didn’t know I’d end up sleeping for an entire day.”
 “Don’t worry about it, Legs. You weren’t the only one who got a break.”
“You mentioned there were others besides me, others that I’d be competing with, but I haven’t seen anyone else here.”
He paused and took a deep breath. “Francesca, the girl who just called my phone, she’s one of us. She’s part of our circle. Now that you’ve come this far, I’m allowed to tell you a little bit about ourselves. A long time ago, the Guardians put together a select group of kids and trained them to be underground, professional thieves. Most of us are runaways, and we’ve been brought together, thoroughly trained to be each other’s family and support. Right now, our group consists of 300 members. You’ve seen four of us, which means there are 296 more you haven’t met yet. If you pass the next stage, the pre-course assignment, you’ll get to meet all of them.” 
It was the first solid detail I’d heard about their structured underground group. I knew Tre mentioned before that I’d be competing with others who had lots more experience than I did. But he hadn’t said anything about 300 members and Guardians who trained us to be thieves. This bit of information somehow added value to my endeavor. Us five weren’t so special after all.   
 “Whoa. I didn’t realize everything was so organized. That explains why you’re all so close to each other. It’s arranged.  It’s good to know I’m not the only one who ran away. Is Francesca your old partner?”
 “No,” he replied. “She joined the circle about three months ago. She’s on a different team.  Porscha is the name of my old partner.”
“That’s her? Porscha’s the girl you’ve been ignoring? Did Chris make you tell me this?”
 “I’m allowed to give you certain details.  There’s still a lot you don’t know about us, so don’t get too excited. You’re not technically one of us yet. You have another important step ahead before it’s a done deal.”
 “Does passing the pre-course make it final?”
“Yes, sort of. The passing of the pre-course will be followed by a ceremony.”
The last word seemed to dangle in the air. “How long have you guys been doing this together?” I asked. 
He took another breath and answered, “Some longer than others. I’ve been here thirty-six months.”
 “It seems surreal having this many people committed to this one thing. I mean, what’s your motivation for doing it, Tre? Is it the money?”
He didn’t say anything for an extended time. “No. It’s not about the money. We motivate each other. We’re here for each other, and we give each other what the world can never give us – a home. We have to take things in order to protect ourselves. That’s the way our world works.”
I knew from my conversations with Chris what kind of ‘world’ I was getting myself into. I knew they stole mostly every type of diamond in the world. That was their main currency. They also took paintings and other valuable jewelry. But I also recognized their responses were the same. Whenever I asked them why they stole and made a profession out of it, they both said it was because they needed to protect themselves. 
 “We steal from lists of people,” Tre went on. “Anyone who has anything worth having, we take it.”
“Do you rob banks?” 
“Almost never. Banks aren’t worth our time. They don’t hold as much as you think. We mostly do museums, or ships, or we rob very successful individuals, sometimes right inside their own home.”
When I listened to him, I was surprised at my measure of calmness. He’d basically just admitted some real serious crimes here, and I wasn’t even morally conflicted.
“I want you to know I’m not here to replace Porscha. I’m not even here to compete with anyone. This place is just better than going back to California.” 
He lifted his shoulders from a slight chill. “What’s in California?”
 “Everything.” I laughed darkly, surprised by the bitterness in my throat. “And nothing. My mom died two years ago. I still hate her for it. She’s supposed to be here, and she’s not. For some reason I thought, by killing myself, it’d bring us back together again. It was stupid.”
 “I’m sorry about your mom,” he mumbled and threw his arm over my shoulder. “But I don’t think you should kill yourself, and I don’t think you should hate her for it. What I do think is that if she had a choice, she’d be with you, too. And she is with you in a different kind of way. At least you knew your mom. A lot of people don’t get that much. Shit happens when you least expect it. When it does, you gotta bounce back, you feel me? You gotta come back with the perfect remedy.”
“I feel you. Even though there’s no such thing as the perfect remedy.”
He wore an easy smile. “Of course there is. I’ll show you.”
*
After Tre fed me some of his homemade oatmeal cookies, Chris summoned us all to the basement. I had to admit Tre’s cookies were the perfect remedy to any sour mood. Aside from his margaritas, they were the only other things he was good at making. Since I didn’t have a special cooking skill to add to the plate, other than my grilled cheese sandwiches, I oftentimes cleaned up the messes, washed the dishes, and scrubbed the floors. 
Blue and Kevin were in the basement by the mirrors when Tre and I strolled in fashionably late, holding our napkins full of cookies. The house had flooded with the scent of raisins, cinnamon, and cookie dough, and Tre hadn’t offered his goodies to anyone else but me. So I felt special. From the looks of it, Blue and Kevin wanted one so bad their faces were turning red from restraint. 
 “Ya’ll can’t speak?” Tre broke the silence, sitting next to Blue. “I think you’re just mad because I won’t give you one of my delicious, top of the line, A-quality oatmeal cookies.”
Kevin chuckled and shook his head. “Bingo. You should be a good friend and hand some over.”
After stretching my neck muscles, I shifted my gaze to the entrance as Chris walked in. He was bizarrely beautiful today in his vibrant Hawaiian shirt. The edges of it were flung open and showed off his bear-toned chest. There was nothing perfect about him. He was wrong in so many ways. No one seemed to be as enthralled with him as I was. They kept talking in their usual way until Chris stood in front of us and clasped his hands. 
 “I’m glad you could all make it tonight,” he said, shooting a look my way. “Looks like we’ll be heading to Florida next week.”
 “For the pre-course assignment?” Blue asked. 
Chris nodded. This was exactly the news I’d been waiting to hear; we were all going to Florida. Finally, I was going to be tested on my overall skill and performance, and I couldn’t wait to move on to the next level and prove myself. This was the most exciting thing I’d ever experienced, and we hadn’t even done one mission yet. At least the others didn’t have to worry about being watched and graded on their every detail, while I, on the other hand, would get sent home if I made one single mistake. I could already see Chris now, dissecting my every move and looking for something to be wrong with me. The thought was more nerve-racking than the actual stealing part.
When no one inquired further, Chris crossed his arms and continued. “Congratulations, Calise, on making it this far. I’m sure Tre explained that you’ll be joining us, and you’ll be tested on your abilities and talents, just like everyone else did when they first got here.”
My eyes shot to the floor. Everyone’s gaze burned a hole through my forehead. I felt like the new kid on the block, reluctantly drawing everyone’s attention. The musketeers would go along for the ride. But if anything went wrong, if I made one single mistake, I was going to be socially embarrassed, screwed, and getting on the next plane to Los Angeles. 
 “Sounds good to me, boss.” Kevin folded one leg over the other.
 “I’m with it,” Tre agreed.
Blue just stared at the ceiling. 
Chris gleamed at their responses. “You can all have a seat.”
Kevin was on the ground when the rest of us formed a circle around him. I was the last one to sit down as we all looked up expectantly at Chris. He pulled out a stack of folders from under his arm and passed out a folder to each of us.
 “Her name’s Krystal. Get familiar with her.” 
The first page showed the picture of a ship, which I’m guessing was ‘Krystal,’ a large, top-of-the-line beauty with golden trimmed chandeliers, high roller decks, and grand theatres. It confirmed she held all the ingredients of a classy ride. I studied everyone’s faces and saw they were wearing the same expression. Their eyes were glued to the page, absorbing the details of their newest project. Their familiarity with the process made them appear tough and fearless. This was their element, not mine. In fact, I was having a hard time keeping my hands from shaking. 
 “She has a sub inside the control room . . . submarine X. Sub X holds approximately thirty- three million worth of diamonds,” Chris went on.
Blue scoffed. “What idiot brought a loaded submarine on board?”
 “The captain likes to cross the sea in style,” Chris answered. “He’s been traveling like this for the last few years, carrying jewels to the queen, hoping she’ll pay more for them than they’re worth. He’s been mildly successful.” 
 “That doesn’t make any sense. The queen can get diamonds for free. Why would she pay for them?”
 “Because she can’t get these diamonds for free,” Chris replied. “They’re a rarity.”
 “I think the captain’s a showoff,” she said. “He’ll just show some of his fancy friends and try to get them to make an offer.” 
 “He’s a smarter businessman than that. He’ll take them to the queen and keep his mouth shut,” Chris responded. “At least that’s his plan.” 
Tre stared at the page. “Who all knows his submarine’s loaded?” 
 “He doesn’t make it a public display,” Chris answered. “Maybe the Chief Engineer and some of his other main crewmen know about it, but no one else. There’s tight security on this one. They even built an extra chamber right below the control room to hold it in.”
Kevin rubbed his head. “What are the propellers looking like, boss?” Chris flipped the page and pointed. “Wow, nice. Azimuth Thrusters. Way better than the conventional screw-type.”
Blue sighed. “How do we get the submarine into water?”
“The submarine’s inside the vault room. They unload it there after the ship’s been parked. They’ve also got a lock on the outside, which means there’s only way one to get her out. We’ve got to get inside, turn off the engine, swim to the ship’s belly, and unlock the vault door from the outside.” Chris shot Kevin a look.
 “That won’t be a problem,” Kevin replied. “As long as we can stop those propellers. Good thing it’s one submarine and not two. You might be the only one who knows how to drive a sub, boss.” 
 “Wrong,” Blue corrected. “It’s called a submersible navigation manual, Kevin. The one you forgot to study because it was Super Bowl night. I can drive the submarine if you need me to, coach.” 
Tre added, “Won’t the vault room get flooded if we open it from the outside?”
“No. The room has built-in shutters that drain the water back out. It’s the only way the captain can get sub X underwater without anyone noticing.” Chris leaned on the mirrors. “So, the first thing we’ll do once we get on board is make our rounds. How’s everything looking over there, Tre?” 
 “All good on this end.” Tre lifted a badge that read Krystal’s Bartender. “It’ll be like taking candy from a baby.”
Chris nodded and turned to Blue. “Blue?”
“Looks like a plan.”
 “But?” 
She lifted a photo of the captain. “He’s not my type.”
Chris smiled.
 “Don’t worry about the captain, baby. If he gets too close, I’ll come and save you,” Kevin added, grabbing her by the waist.
She pushed him away. “Oh, please, Kevin. You’ll be too busy chasing everything else in a bikini.”
Tre laughed. “Dang, B, whatever happened to the trust and believing in the best in each other?”
 “Yeah, whatever happened,” Kevin pulled her to him.
She eyed both of them. “Don’t go there, Tre. As many girls on your to-do list, you’ll be right there along with him, hanging your nose in some girl’s breasts.” 
“Aye, coach. Would you tell this girl that I’m as loyal as they come?” Kevin attempted to defend himself. 
 “We’ll be on board for thirteen hours,” Chris resumed. “Pack accordingly. Our flights don’t leave for another week. That’ll give you plenty of time to study.”
Kevin laughed and waved the folder. “I like it, boss.”
“Ditto,” Tre added.
 “You can take the rest of the day off. Try to get some alone time with the material. Are there anymore questions?” Chris asked, skimming over his folder. Then he looked up at me and my heart froze. I didn’t have any questions; Chris had already explained the main details, and the pages inside my folder clarified everything else. But an inner part of me wanted to come up with something, anything to make him stay. So when he shot me that look and paced out of the gym, it didn’t take long before I shuffled behind him.
 “Hey, where you goin’ Chicken Legs?” Tre called out.
“Um, nowhere. To bed. I want to get an early start and look over these papers.”
 “Alright. I might need to borrow your iPod, though. I’ll be up there in a second,” he said.
 “Oh yeah, sure.” I needed to find out why Chris wasn’t talking to me. He could’ve told me with his own lips that I was improving and he wanted me to be a part of this pre-course assignment. Tre might’ve been my appointed trainer and confidante, but he didn’t have to be the middleman for everything. Chris was acting like he didn’t want anything to do with me, like he wanted there to be a wall between us.  We already agreed nothing romantic would evolve, but he could at least be a more accessible coach. After all, he was the whole reason I was here in the first place.
On my way upstairs, I heard Chris’s voice in the distance. Some deep, low murmurs came from the kitchen. I found him on the phone, exiting the patio door, shutting the screens behind him.
 “Hey, Chris, wait up!” I called, scurrying past the counters, but it was too late. The blinds jumbled together as I reopened the screen. I searched the premises, finding the pool unpopulated, creepy, and deserted, like something off the Chiller channel. There was no sign of Chris. 
 “Great.” I slumped over.
He must’ve been in a hurry. I’d have to catch him once he came back inside. Sulking in defeat, I noticed there was movement at the top of the hill, and I squinted into the darkness. Trees roared together and gusts of wind blew fiercely, tangling bits of my hair around my face. I could barely make out Chris’s shadow in the distance, but he was definitely there, heading east into the woods, past the side of the house.
 “This late?” I started running to catch up with him. Using the lights from the house as my guide, I managed to follow him inside the woods to the familiar fork in the road. Chris was walking alone the creepy monster side like it was a bright sunny day in Philadelphia, and I was confused. What was he doing? 
I paused near a tree and hid behind the bark. Chris was heading down no-man’s land, and my instinct was telling me turn back around and mind my business. I wasn’t going to fight with intuition. I retraced my steps and made it safely back to the cabin. There was the usual voices and clamor coming from the living room; it sounded like Blue and Kevin watching the basketball game. I’d have to confront Chris in the morning when the sun was out shining its bright, glorious light. Tre would be looking for me soon about that iPod. 
On my way to the attic, I noticed the bathroom light was on again. The door was closed, too, even though I’d turned off the light earlier and left the door open. “This isn’t real, this isn’t real, this can’t be real,” I repeated with my eyes glued to the bathroom door. I didn’t want to look down for the simple fact if those shoeprints reappeared again I was going to mentally crack. Period. This was getting ridiculous. I couldn’t even leave my room anymore without feeling like a dark cloud was hovering, following me and waiting for the perfect time to strike with more phantom images so it could ultimately drive me crazy. It wasn’t going to win. Whatever this thing was coming after me when I was alone and vulnerable, whatever was telling me to run, I was about to find out why. 
 I breathed deeply, taking another step toward the bathroom. There were three other people in this house with me, and all I had to do was scream. As I girded myself for the terror waiting behind this door, I looked down. The shoeprints were back, spaces apart, trailing to the bathroom. 
 I knocked lightly. 
The mirror was the first thing I saw as I stood with my arms to the side. Three red letters were written on the glass, staring back at me and dripping around the edges like paint. Or blood.

R
U
N
“What up, Legs!”
 “Oh, my God, don’t ever do that again in your life! Sheesh!” I shrieked hysterically, holding my chest. “You scared the crap out of me, Tre! You can’t do that to people.”
He scrunched his face and looked inside the bathroom. “Dang girl, it’s just me. But, um, are you about to get into the shower? I need to use that iPod. My watch fell in the pool earlier, and I’m getting another one later this week.” He showed off his broken black watch. “In the meantime, I need an alarm.”
 “Can’t you use the alarm on your phone?”
 “These phones don’t have alarms. They’re for communicative purposes only.” He shot a wide smile.
“What am I going to use?”
“Don’t worry. I’ll come wake you up. I only need it for a few days.”
I suddenly wanted to show him the blood on the mirror and the horrific message it left there, but of course when I turned around, the three letters were gone, and so were the shoeprints. “Oh, come on. This is so stupid,” I said, pounding my fist into the wall.
 “You alright?” he checked. 
 “I’m fine. The iPod’s in my room. You can get it yourself.” 
Tre rolled his eyes and left. I must’ve sounded like a certified angry woman. But I had every right to be. This was what mental criminals saw in their nightmares, not something I was supposed to witness on a day-to-day basis. This wasn’t even normal. I wasn’t supposed to see things written on the mirror, and then watch them magically disappear. I wasn’t going to pretend like it was an allergic reaction either. 
 It wasn’t like I could tell anyone. If Tre knew what was going on, he’d just think I was losing my mind. He’d tell Chris about it, and that’d be the end of my career before it even started. No one wanted a psycho nutcase for a student. It was in my best interest to keep my mouth shut.
On my way to apologize, I bumped into Tre in the hallway. “Hey.”
He’d already taken the iPod from the attic and was on his way back downstairs. “What up.” 
“I’m sorry for talking to you the way I did. I didn’t mean for it to come out that way.”
 “It’s cool. Not too much I haven’t heard come out of a woman,” he confessed with a crooked smile. “You can talk to me, though. I’m here if anything’s bothering you. It’ll stay between us.”
I considered his offer and started biting my lip. There were things I could ask him without admitting to my own hallucinations. “Your old partner Porscha didn’t stay in the attic, did she?” 
“No. The girl who used to stay in the attic was Jennifer Escott. That’s what the JE stands for. Chris was going to tell you everything once you’d be initiated. It’d probably be easier coming from him than me, since,” he stopped to sort out his words, “Escott was Chris’s old partner.”
 “Wait, what? I thought Chris worked alone.”
 “He does work alone now. She was the only one.”
 “So, wait. He had a partner in the same way that Blue and Kevin are partners?”
He nodded. “This was years ago. They hadn’t been partners six months before she ran away and disappeared. There are a lot of stories out there about him and Escott, a lot of rumors. No one knows what happened to her. He’d apparently won her partnership through a competition, and he was pretty distraught after she left. Everyone was, or at least that’s what we’ve heard. She was pretty popular around here. Now, she’s like this fragile buried secret that no one talks about.” 
 “Is she still alive?”
He shrugged. “Like I said. No one knows what happened to her. Rumor has it the coach still keeps a picture of her in his room as a reminder of what he lost. I haven’t seen it, though. It’s probably some gossip an old lady made up to keep herself busy.” 
 “Wait. The portrait in his room. You’ve never seen it?”
 “Nope. I haven’t been inside the coach’s room. So it’s true then? He does a keep a picture of her on his wall. I guess it doesn’t matter now. We don’t even know what Jennifer looked like. At least I don’t, and none of the newer members would either. The Guardians could probably remember her face if she showed up.”
I gave a weak nod, drowning in an overload of thoughts.
 “I should get going, Legs. Thanks for the iPod.”
 “You, too. I mean, no problem. Goodnight, Tre.”
I watched him scamper down the staircase. Once he disappeared past the corner, I allowed the explosion of thoughts to overwhelm me. The portrait of the girl was hanging in Chris’s bedroom, and she looked exactly like me. Jennifer Escott was Chris’s ex-partner, and I was staying in her old attic room. It wouldn’t be so bad if someone knew what happened to her. But the fact that she was out there in the world, undetected and missing, left me eerily on edge. 
For all I knew, she could be dead. Her lingering spirit could be haunting me in the attic and trying to give me a message, telling me to run.
I went back to the bathroom and sat on the counter. I’d been running away for last two years. I’d been running away from dealing with mom’s death, and running away from Carl and Laura. I’d been trying to find solace by cutting my wrists. I was tired of being afraid.
“No,” I replied to the mirror, answering the three letters that had disappeared. “I’m not running anywhere.”
*
A cloudless sky turned into deep shades of grey, patterning the scope into sharp, silvery bullets. The branches hovered around, hastening a soft whisper to my ear. 
She was calling me.
I rose from the ground and searched for the familiar face that filled my thoughts. Leaves shrilled in the wind, and her shadow passed from one tree to another. Ends of her hair flowed shamelessly, her locks layered on top of a simple white dress. The scarlet scarf was wrapped around her head as she giggled, filling the trees with her joyous song. We laughed together. Then she stood in front of me like a tall luminous mirror. For a long moment our gazes met, and she stared back unsmiling. Water filled her oval eyes. Black liquid poured down her cheeks and stained her skin, right before a voice thundered through the forest. 
“Calise. Get out. Run.”
The world spun around me. I panicked and struggled to find where the voice had come from. Someone else was in the woods with us. We weren’t alone. I could see just beyond Jennifer that another figure stood in our midst; a beautiful woman with the most worried look I’d ever seen. 
It was my mom.
Chapter Ten
I jerked forward, letting out a strangled cry. Papers on ship terminology were scattered all over my blue comforter. Cold sweat poured from my brow as my heart rattled inside my chest. I was back inside the room, staring at the wall and trying to shake off the illusion of the forest. It was another dream about JE. This time my mom was there. Where the hell did she come from? Why was she telling me to run? 
These so-called dreams were starting to feel more real every night. This one in particular was the most vivid; alongside the dream of Jennifer telling me it’s in the water. It’d been this way for weeks now. In the middle of the night, I’d wake up drenched in sweat and couldn’t remember anything. But this was one of the rare times I did. 
I suddenly wished the shoeprints were also part of the dream, so I could at least blame the hallucinations on being a nightmare. But the shoeprints weren’t a dream. They’d been there in real life, leaving a trail in the hallway. The three bloody letters on the mirror had also invaded my life yesterday. Something, or someone, wanted me to run. That someone seemed to be JE or my mom, or both.
Other things demanded my attention right now; a ship I had to study and a training course I had to pass. Sheets that’d been tucked inside the folder regarding the pre-course assignment were crinkled beneath me. I hadn’t gotten much studying done last night after the episode in the bathroom, but I was still attempting to move forward. And I still wanted to talk to Chris today for letting me move to the next level.
I checked the time on my special phone, and saw it was 5:45 am. Chris said I couldn’t use this phone to call anyone else outside this house. And I immediately thought of Carl and Laura. Yes, they were monsters. Yes, they were impossible to live with, and yes, I wanted to strangle Laura with an oversized belt. 
But Carl was my dad. I was obligated to him whether or not he deserved it. The least I could do was call and let him know I was alive. If I was lucky, no one would pick up the phone, and I couldn’t say I didn’t try. Only thing was I had to find Chris and ask him to use the phone in his office in order to call my dad. 
After throwing on a hoodie and some sweats, I shuffled downstairs. Hopefully Chris was still in his office. It was like an unspoken law to never go anywhere near Chris’s office, or his bedroom. No one ever said so, but I could tell by the way they approached him that they respected his privacy. That didn’t stop Chris from installing a lock on his door. It made me uneasy, knowing he’d go to such lengths to keep his door locked, and it led me to further suspect he had something in there to hide. 
I turned the corner into his office. “Hey.” 
The dark cherry wood made up the floors and walls, and also his armchair. He sat there, staring over some notes.
 “One second, Calise,” he said, lifting one finger and writing something down. It must’ve been important, because his brows creased. “Come on in. Have a seat.”
I wasn’t sure if I should shut the door or keep it open, but instinct led me to close it. I immediately took in the gold and brown décor, the same as his bedroom. Frames hung on all the walls. Green plants stood in corners as wild orchids sprouted and came into full bloom. A large reindeer head was propped and nailed against the wall above him. Numerous frames stood on his desk, but were turned the other way, so I couldn’t see any of the pictures. The room itself smelled like wood, leaves, and ginger spices.
Finally he looked up and dropped his pen. “You’re up early. I’m sorry I wasn’t more prepared for this visit. I had to finish a letter and wasn’t expecting you. What can I do for you, Calise?” 
I stood in front of the desk, holding the edge with my fingers. “I’ve started looking over the notes you gave us for pre-course assignment.” 
 “Is that why you’re here?”
 “No. I wanted to talk to you about using the phone.”
He paused a moment, then rolled his chair back. “Ah. You’ve come to the right place.” He picked up the corded base phone on his desk. “Like I said before, you can use this phone to make any of your public calls. It has a built-in processor that stops filters and tracking devices. You can reach your parents from here and it’ll be fine. I trust you’ll keep our location confidential.”
“Who said anything about me calling my parents?”
He smiled. “It’s alright. You can let them know you’re okay.”
“But you told me it was against the rules.”
“It is. So be careful not to make it a habit.”
I nodded. “I will. I mean, I won’t make it a habit. Tre told me about the rest of the group, about how the Guardians helped start it, and how I’d be invited onto the team if I passed the test. I just wanted you to know that as much as I appreciate Tre for coaching me, I’d rather hear these things from you. It’s nothing personal, but before I knew Tre and Blue and Kevin, I knew you first. Even if I don’t pass the test, I want to leave here knowing that I at least made friends with the person who saved my life.”
His face softened. 
 “Bringing me here, opening this new world to me was a major risk for you. I know that. I think it’s alright for us to be friends,” I added.
 “I agree.”
Staring down at my fingers, I attempted to avoid his gaze. I was still surprised by my forwardness on the matter. I’d wanted to confront him about our lack of communication since last night, but I didn’t actually think I’d follow through with it. “Is it alright to call my dad now? He’s probably losing his mind.”
“Take your time,” he said, standing up and making his way to the door.
 “Um, so wait, I don’t have to use *67 or anything?”
 “Everything’s set up. Just dial one and the number.”
 “Thanks.”
 “When you’re done, come downstairs. I’d like you to train with us this morning . . . friend,” he said good-humoredly and walked out. 
I stood on the side of his desk, staring down at the phone. Did Chris just call me ‘friend’ in a jokingly way? I couldn’t stop blushing. 
“Focus,” I said.
Pinning my lips together, I grabbed the phone and started dialing the familiar number. The line rung. Good, the phones were working. That meant their lives were working, too, without me. I didn’t have to feel guilty about running away. They were monsters. They were the ones who were too shallow to grieve mother’s death. It wasn’t fair to feel bad about leaving them, and I hated the inkling of guilt I felt for not leaving a goodbye note or hugging them a final time. 
On the third ring, someone fumbled on the other end.
 “Thomas residence.” 
Silence consumed the line as I held my breath and listened. I couldn’t believe my dad answered the phone; that was usually Edward’s job, our estate assistant.
 “Calise, is that you?” he asked. It’d been months since I left home without a trace, and he actually sounded concerned.
 “Yes dad, it’s me,” I finally answered. 
He sighed deeply. “Where are you?”
 “I’m alright. I’m just with some friends,” I answered simply, which wasn’t a lie, since Chris and Tre were officially my new friends.
 “You could’ve told us. You could’ve told me. I’ve been calling your phone for months, and it goes straight to voicemail,” he said in a strained whisper. “Do you know how painful it is for me not knowing whether you’re alright?” 
He sounded so affected, so open, it was hard to believe we barely spoke a word to each other after mom died. “I didn’t want to bother you with the details,” I replied. 
 “You should come home. I think that would be the best thing for everyone. Laura’s been worried sick.”
That was never going to happen. “I don’t know, Dad. I’m still sorting things out.”
He sighed. “When do you plan on coming home then? You have to tell me something. I can’t go on worrying like this, wondering if you’re alright.” 
It wouldn’t be so bad if he didn’t seem like a stressed out parent. But he was right; I had to tell him something. The fact that he was sounding more and more like a worried dad every second, the dad I used to know before we stopped talking, wasn’t making this conversation any easier. When my mom was still alive, we were closer than this. She kept the family together, and there wasn’t a day we didn’t speak. But ever since Laura entered the picture, days and weeks would pass without him saying a word. It was like Dianne died, and then I died, too. Maybe that was the way he wanted it.
 “I’m fine, dad. Really. You don’t have to worry about me. I have to go,” I said, clearing my throat, aggravated by his sudden commitment to care. 
 “Calise. I love you, sweetie. You know that right?” 
 “Yeah.  You, too, dad.”
I drew the phone from my ear and looked at it. There was nothing left to say, so I hung up. Half of me expected him to call back, though I knew he didn’t have the number. I expected him to find the number anyway and track the location, then bring me home so he could ruin my life all over again with his sickening relationship with Laura. 
He was supposed to care about mom in the same extent that I did, so where had his loyalty gone? Right out of mom’s funeral and straight between Laura’s legs? The other part of me knew better. The rational side of my brain knew that Carl was never going to find me here. He and Laura were gone for good; that chapter my life was over. 
As more minutes passed, I started to feel safe again. He didn’t call back. He didn’t know I was in Arkansas training to become a professional thief. The frames on Chris’s desk caught my attention again, and this time I could see the pictures clearly. Most of them were of him and the musketeers camping, partying, swimming, and having a good time. An inkling of jealousy spread when I realized I wasn’t in any of those pictures with him, and I was eager to start some fresh memories together. 
There was another frame at the other end of the desk of him and some new faces I’d never seen before. There was a white birthday cake and a ‘28’ candle stick, and some gorgeous woman smashing a slice of it into Chris’s face, along with everyone’s cheers and laughter. He looked so happy, I couldn’t help but smile. 
Once I was done snooping, I remembered to meet with Chris and the gang downstairs for practice. I wondered if this meant I’d be joining their group permanently, or if this was only a one-time invitation. Tre was already doing such a phenomenal job. On the other hand, I was still eager to show Chris everything I’d learned. The last time I worked out with the musketeers it’d been a complete disaster; the taste of puke was still in my mouth from trying to keep up with their routine. Now Chris could see me in a better light.
Leaving the office, I ate a bowl of cereal and took my vitamins. Some echoing came from the gym as I scurried downstairs, holding both ends of a towel around my neck. Tre, Blue, and Kevin were standing by the mirrors, dressed like a notorious street gang, and their conversation stopped when they saw me. Tre didn’t give his usual nod. Instead, they all watched me carefully, as a strange tension built between us. They might’ve found out about my secret hallucinations or about the phone call to my dad. I wasn’t too much worried about the latter, since Chris already knew I was calling my dad. But if they found out I’d been seeing things and having dreams about Jennifer Escott, they’d charge me for insanity. They’d kick me out of this place without hesitation.
Chris trailed in moments after I did. He was wearing a blue jogging suit and a whistle around his neck. His eyes weren’t as gentle. They were firm and distant as he blew his whistle. “Line it up.” 
All of us formed a line across from the mirrors, dropping to the padded floor and doing pushups. Chris walked over. “Come on, Calise. Pick it up.”
For some reason, when he said those few words, I suddenly wanted to show everyone what I was made of and how much I wanted to be here. I wanted Chris to know that he didn’t make a mistake in bringing me along. This was where I belonged. This was my new home. As the possible fifth member of this team, I used all of my energy to excel in every exercise. When they sprinted, I soared. When they swam, I grew fins. That didn’t mean I was ahead of them in any shape or form; they were twenty times more efficient than I was. But I sure as hell knew how to keep up. 
Our final exercise was the rag-hunt game with Missy. Blue and Kevin marched up the hill, side-by-side while Chris talked to them. Tre dallied behind them at a reasonable distance. I shuffled over to Tre.
 “Hey,” I said, brushing beside him. “Is something wrong? You seem kind of distant.”
He stared down. “I’m not distant. I’ve just got a lot on my mind.”
“Do you wanna talk about it?”
He breathed deeply. “I’m gonna keep it real, Legs. Blue’s been telling us things about you . . . things you probably wouldn’t want anyone else to know.”
I pondered his words. 
Was Blue the one who knew about the hallucinations and told the rest of the group? She wanted me out of here more than anyone else. She could’ve been spying on me. Maybe she was behind the whole thing, trying to scare me shitless. This was already a disaster. I didn’t need her adding to the fire by saying horrible things about me, getting me sent home on the charge of being a mental case. The more I thought about it, though, the more I realized she’d do anything to get me out of here. If she found out the truth, there’d be no telling how far she’d go. I caught up with him. “What’d she say?”
 “It wasn’t anything good.” 
I was about to ask him to elaborate when the spinning in my head started again at the top of the hill. Intense throbbing and thumping sensations hit hard against my eyes. Tre was ahead of me when I reached out for him, but no words came out, just the sound of my throat clenching. The surrounding forest seemed to lunge high into the sky, then back down again as Tre’s hand gripped my shoulder. 
 “Are you alright, Legs?” 
In one quick motion, my legs buckled in, and everything exploded into a rainfall of black feathers.
*
A clicking sound seeped through my mind and forced my eyes open. Staring at the pointed ceiling, I realized I was on the living room couch. The last thing I remembered was Tre holding my shoulder, the trees spiraling out of control, and me not being able to speak. Those dizzy spells had nothing to do with temperature or me getting too much sunlight, because the lightheadedness also happened whenever I was inside the house. The sun hadn’t even been hot enough for me to faint. So what happened? How’d I end up here? 
Turning my head slightly, I noticed there was a fan blowing to my right, and a blue bucket resting on the coffee table, covered in white rags. Light poured in from the farthest window, but far enough from my view that I didn’t have to cover my eyes. Tre was sitting in the sofa chair next to me with his feet kicked up, clicking away on his portable G155. 
A weary smile spread, but then I realized Chris wasn’t here. I wanted to see his face more than anyone’s. I hoped he wasn’t upset about the situation. None of this was my fault; it wasn’t like I wanted to pass out and take up everybody’s day. The weight on my eyes grew heavy as I struggled to sit up on my elbows. For some reason I was really thirsty. I nearly toppled over the pitcher, reaching for the mug, and a quick pain shot up my legs, reminding me that both of them were bruised from the fall.
 “Whoa, slow your roll.” Tre sprung from the seat and grabbed the glass by the handle. Then he poured water, filling it to the brim. “Just chill out. I got this.” 
 “What happened?” I traced the back of my neck.
 “Drink this first.” He handed me the mug, watching me bring it to my mouth. “Then you can tell me why you fainted and it’s only sixty degrees outside.” 
I sighed and stared at the glass pitcher. “I feel fine.”
 “Don’t lie to me.”
“Okay, fine. I’ve been feeling light-headed lately, especially after practice. It’s nothing serious. It’s probably a phase. I need to switch up my diet or something. I think I’m allergic to the woods.”
The look on his face said he wasn’t buying it, and neither was I. But it was the only logical explanation I could come up with. 
He sighed. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to talk to you about.”
I lifted onto one of the pillows, alert by his tone. I suddenly remembered the conversation we had before I’d passed out. Blue had been spreading rumors about me, and now I wondered if she’d told them about my hallucinations. “What is it?” 
 “Have you been taking anything since you got here?”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Any meds, pills, drugs?” he clarified, stressing the last word.
I rested my head on the sofa. “Just the vitamins Chris gave to me.”
“Nothing else?” 
I chuckled and looked at him. “I don’t take drugs if that’s what you’re thinking.”
“Because the way your body is reacting.  It’s giving all the signs of being tampered with.”
I winced at him. “Like I said, I don’t do drugs.” I wasn’t going to tell him about the year I’d been on drugs really hard. It was the only way I could cope with Dianne leaving me. It was personal, and no one else’s business.
“Look, the only reason I’m.” He stopped and pulled his chair closer, lowering his voice. “The only reason I’m asking about this is because Blue’s been talking to Chris about you being here. She feels like you’re a burden on the team and that you don’t qualify with the rest of us because you don’t have the experience we have. You haven’t been through the ropes. Which is true. You don’t technically deserve to be here. But Chris thinks you do. He bends the rules for you. And since we respect him, we don’t ask questions. But now she found some dirt on you.”
 “Some what?” 
 “Some dirt. Look, Legs. I’m a grown man. I don’t gossip. I like to find out the truth and then squash it. So tell me the truth. Are you using coke?”
 “No!” I shouted. “She’s such a liar. That girl needs to mind her business, Tre. She doesn’t know the first thing about me. She’s trying to make me look bad.”
 “I believe you,” he said in a low voice. “At least, I want to believe you. But she did her homework. She found out you used to be on drugs real heavy. She’s saying you still are. She’s saying that’s why you’ve been dizzy lately, because you’re always coked up. That’s why you fainted today.”
 “Is she serious?” I took a deep a breath and decided to let him have it. “Fine. I did a lot of stupid things after my mom died. That’s not an excuse, but you said so yourself, shit happens. Doing coke, getting wasted, and hanging out with the wrong crowd was my remedy. That’s the way I dealt with it at the time, alright? But I’ve been clean for a year, Tre. She’s only bringing this up to get me out of here, and I’m not going anywhere.” 
He held in a smile, seemingly relieved to hear. “I’m not here to judge you. In fact, it doesn’t change the way I look at you. I’m just giving you heads up. I like to tell you to your face and squash the nonsense. That keeps the air clean between everybody.”
I wiped my hair back, staring down. Blue was trying to ruin my life. Wasn’t it enough that she was a better thief than I was? She had to try and take away my credibility by making me look like a coke-head? “Did she tell Chris already?”
He shrugged. “He was here most of the day. Then he went to the office an hour before you woke up. I’m not sure if she had a chance to talk to him.”
 “Chris was here?” My spin straightened, and I was suddenly warmed by the fact he’d been here at all. “Did he say anything?” 
 “He was too busy putting rags over your forehead. I think it hit him hard, seeing you faint today. I’ve never seen him so distraught.” He smiled at the last word, and picked up his G155, clicking away again. “He even carried you back to the couch.”
I almost couldn’t believe he’d been in this very room, putting rags on my head and playing doctor. All the while, I thought he’d been mad at me for collapsing during his class. 
 “I knew it.” Tre gave me a look. 
 “Knew what?” 
 “You’re crushin’ on my boy.” 
 “What are you talking about?” 
 “You got a thing for the coach.”
I laughed and threw a pillow at him. “I’m not crushing on your boy. He’s not my type. The only thing I’m worried about is whether or not Blue told him anything. I don’t want him thinking bad things about me, now that she’s spreading rumors. I don’t want him looking at me that way.” 
 “Coach doesn’t care what people think. That’s one thing I admire about him most. As long as he’s been here, he’s definitely learned a thing or two about people and their opinions.”
 “How long has Chris been here?”
 “A long time. The rest of us started about three years ago. We were all excited to work with Chris. It’s an honor to learn from him. He’s the best.  He’s like a legend here.”
 “A legend?”
 “People look up to him. You can’t see it now, but he holds the standard in this place. A lot of people want to be around him, others want to be him, or at least what he represents.” 
 “And what does he represent?”
 “The perfect thief.”
 “If you guys started three years ago, you were pretty young when you got here. Everyone must’ve graduated from high school early,” I joked and laughed. But Tre didn’t join in. He seemed offended. “Sorry. I didn’t mean anything by it.”
 “It’s cool,” he replied. “No one talks about their personal life before they got here. It just makes things awkward. The past is the past. It doesn’t matter to us anymore. We don’t talk about the families we’ve left, because it would make it harder to cope.” 
It wasn’t until then that I realized no one here talked about their family or siblings or loved ones. No one in this house seemed to have any friends outside this circle. 
Tre grabbed my bottle of vitamins from the table and popped two of them onto his palm. “Hm, these look funny. Alright, open up.” He gave me the pills and filled my glass with water. 
 “Where’s Chris?”
 “In the office, probably making calls. Here, take these. They’ll help you get back on your feet. I think once you lighten up with the exercise, you’ll be fine. You might want to talk to Chris soon, though. Fill him in on your history before Blue does.”
 “You’re right. I’ll do that now,” I agreed and plopped the vitamins on my tongue, taking the drink and guzzling it down. My red slippers were on the side of the sofa, and I slid them on. “Be right back.”
 “I’ll be outside by the pool.” He pointed to the back yard and grabbed his phone, then went his separate way, probably texting his Francesca girlfriend. As I neared Chris’s office, I stopped at the corner. The door was slightly cracked and voices trailed from the inside. 
 “I only want what’s best for the team . . .” she said. 
Great, it was Blue. I strained to get a better look inside, but it wasn’t cracked wide enough for me to get a glimpse of where they were standing. So I listened.
 “I know,” Chris mumbled.
 “We have too many other options,” she explained. “To stake our bet on a girl with these kinds of issues is a mistake. I think you know that. She shouldn’t be here, Chris. She should be getting help from a specialist who can give her the attention she needs. She’s not even one of us.  And look at her history. You met her while she was trying to kill herself. She’s not exactly the most stable person around. This isn’t a refuge house for people with her kind of problems. It’s our home.” 
“But she’s becoming one of us, Blue. Haven’t you noticed?”
Before she could answer, I swung the door and posted against the wall. I wasn’t about to listen to this non-sense. Blue stopped mid-sentence. Chris’s gaze slowly found mine.
“Guess you’re feeling better.” She was wearing the fakest smile in world history. 
I smiled back. “I am.”
She stood from the edge of the desk and walked over to Chris, rubbing her annoying hand all over his shirt. She whispered something to him, making me want to wipe that satisfied smirk off her face. I guess that was supposed to make me jealous, which is did.
Chris nodded and stared at her, probably tired of her cheap attempt to make me look bad. It was a desperate attempt, really. My eyes didn’t falter from hers when she pranced over with a smug grin. After she walked out, I pressed the door securely behind her and tilted my head. “Hey.”
He didn’t speak right away, but walked over and checked me out. “How are you?” 
With him at my side, I felt . . . “Better. I think I’m going to take it easy for a while.” 
 “Training’s over in a few days. We’ll be resting up and preparing for the assignment. You won’t miss anything. I’m just glad you’re awake.” 
“Am I still doing the pre-course assignment?”
 “I don’t know. I’m not sure why you fainted today, Calise. Has this been reoccurring? You can tell me.”
 “No. It hasn’t. I’m actually feeling a lot better,” I lied despite his comforting invitation to tell the truth. “How long was I out?” 
He pondered. “Almost eight hours. Tre came and got us, and we carried you back here. Can you remember anything?”
 “Not much. Just blacking out. My head was spinning a lot. I don’t even know why I blacked out. It wasn’t like I was hot or anything. I might be allergic to something.”
There was a thoughtful pause before he continued, “Or it could be your body’s response to the exercise and not getting enough sleep. Your sleep is important at this stage, Calise, especially for someone working as hard as you.” 
“I guess this was as an opportune time for Blue to tell you about my old habits.”
“You mean the drugs?” 
I nodded. “Yeah, the drugs.” 
He moved closer. “Would you be upset if I said I already know everything about you?”
“But I never told you about the drugs.”
“I know. It’s my job to know these things. I hope that doesn’t upset you.” 
 “You’re not mad at me then?” 
He laughed. “You lived a little. That’s no reason for me to be mad at you. The most important thing is that you’re focused now. Right?”
 “Yes, I’m way too focused.” I replied, getting a glimpse of the calendar on the wall. “Oh shoot.”
 “What is it?” 
 “My birthday is in two days. I almost forgot.”
He smiled. “Oh yes, May 26th. Any special requests?”
“Nothing in particular. Looks like I’ll finally be eighteen. Anyway, thanks for being cool about this whole drug thing.” I smirked and turned the other way, about to leave his office. 
 “Be sure to get some rest, Calise.”
 “I will.”
 “Actually,” he said, struggling a moment. “Have you eaten anything? 
“No.”
“Good. Let’s grab some lunch.”
The thought of Chris asking me out on a lunch date (alone) was enough to make my day. “That sounds like a great idea.”
Chapter Eleven
I walked ahead of Chris, drowning in his black cotton sweater. God, he smelled wonderful. I was surprised I didn’t melt right there in front of him. As he followed me downstairs, I could hear him behind me, and it took every bit of concentration just to put one foot in front of the other without tripping over the stairs. After he’d given me his sweater in the office and offered to eat a late lunch with me, I didn’t have the sense to thank him; I’d been too shocked. I still couldn’t believe he made the gesture.
I waited at the staircase as he went to grab keys from the kitchen. Through the wide open door, I saw no one had taken the van today. That was surprising. Everyone was always trying to get out of this stuffy mansion, so it had to be a sign. The fate-gods were making sure that Chris and I had the van today, and the thought of being alone with him made my stomach drop. 
He paced to the front door. “Shall we?”
I nodded as he held the door for me. The day was perfect. Sun beams gleamed on both sides of the porch and striped the steps with its afternoon glory. There was a slight chill in the air that made Chris’s sweater a refuge. Grabbing the handle on the passenger’s side of the van, I noticed he was nearing the side of the house, heading towards the back. 
“This way,” he said.
I frowned and scurried beside him. “We’re not taking the van?” 
We approached a shabby shed buried in the backyard, right behind a curtain of bushes. I probably would’ve missed it altogether if Tre hadn’t already mentioned it was standing here. The forest kept it well hidden. 
Four loose grey stones sat crooked in the ground and led to the front of the cottage. Vines and wild branches crawled along the sides, creating webs of flowerless moss, which was probably mixed with residue from the rain. Windows were cracked open and smeared with dirt. Nails stuck out of the sides from an unfinished job. I would’ve never come here alone; the whole place smelled like horror and mildew.
Chris budged the door open, and I waited along the side, leaning against one of the boards. I was surprised when he rolled out on a shiny black motorcycle, parking the vehicle in front of me like it was a pot of gold he’d found. 
 “Nice,” I admired, stroking one of the silver streaks. I’d never seen Chris’s bike before. So being this close immediately stirred up excitement. Kevin, Blue, and Tre had their own motorcycles as well, which I’d seen from watching them through the windows. But none of them were quite like this one. “This is a nice piece of work. Is this the only one you have?”
 “Yes. One is enough for me,” he admitted, throwing down the kickstand. “I try to take her out on special occasions. Here put this on.” He extended a helmet. 
The headgear was alien between my fingers as I skimmed over the turquoise décor, which was a nice color. But neither Tre nor Kevin was too fond of the color blue. So the gear must’ve belonged to Blue. I didn’t care to investigate. This was all about Chris and me spending quality time together, not about me hating Blue’s guts and wearing her stupid helmet.
 “It doesn’t fit,” I complained, trying to put the gear over my head.
He moved closer, pulling me to him. “Here, like this.” 
For a fleeting moment, our knees bumped together, and somehow he managed to squeeze the tiny ring around my head. “Perfect,” he said, patting the seat behind him. “Are you ready?” 
 “So what’s the occasion?”
 “Pardon?”
 “You said you only take your bike out on special occasions.”
“Ah, yes. Kevin has to get equipment for our trip next week. And aside from him needing the van, I think you could use the break.”
 “Are you talking about equipment for the pre-course assignment?”
He nodded. 
 “What kind of equipment?” I asked.
 “Just some things. Earpieces, laser chalk . . .”
 “Laser chalk?” 
 “It’s an electromagnetic sensor that looks like dust and picks up a beam’s radiation. Don’t worry. It wouldn’t be in the folder I gave you. Ready to go now?” he asked, patting the seat again and leaning forward. “I can answer your questions better once we get something into your system.”
I smiled and breathed in the fresh air. He was right. I needed a break more than anything, and to get out of this stuffy house and do something other than more strenuous pushups. I was surprised I’d survived this long. In fact, that might’ve been the reason I was hallucinating and having these dizzy-spells in the first place; I was probably going stir crazy.
 “I’m ready,” I replied, motioning to the back of his bike. 
Thieves, motorcycles, and Chris. My life couldn’t get much better than this. Throwing one leg over the bike, I straddled behind him and watched him snap on the helmet. He revved the engine and bounced his feet on the pedals as the motor vibrated beneath us.
 “Hold on, Calise,” he said, peering over his shoulder. 
This was the best part. It was the part I’d been secretly anticipating, the part where I actually brought my arms around his strong, broad chest and held on tight. My hands felt strange and out-of-place touching him. But this wasn’t the time to be shy and afraid of the unknown; this was everything I fantasized about. 
His muscles expanded inside his olive green shirt, and I tightened my legs around his, moving close to him until I could feel him breathing. I wished my heart were as disciplined as his. Then he gently took my hands and moved them down lower to his waist. 
 “That’s where you hold me,” he whispered. 
I nodded and smiled to myself, watching as he checked both sides of the road, even though there weren’t any cars around. We were literally in the middle of the nowhere. But Chris was always careful, making sure there were no signs of danger waiting in the distance. That’s why he was easy to be around, because of his ability to make everyone feel safe. 
With an hour left of daylight, we pulled out the driveway and sped down the open road. Streetlights beamed on each side. Three or four cars passed in front of us. Faraway honks blew, and old tires screeched. It was nice being back in civilization. 
The sky was perfect as transparent clouds ran into each other, and I swear I could see the Statue of Liberty standing next to the shape of a heart. Turning my attention back to the road, I saw there was nothing else to watch. We’d already turned into a parking lot, and there were three stores altogether; a Chinese restaurant, a laundromat, and a nail shop. Only five other vehicles took up parking spaces, and all of them were old and beaten. We inched our way up to the front and parked at the curb.
Chris removed his helmet. “Are you alright back there?”
I climbed off the bike, peeling away the helmet. “More than alright. I’ve always wanted to do that . . . riding on the back of a motorcycle and speeding on the freeway like we’re chasing the bad guy.”
He studied me. “I’m glad you liked it. You’ve never been riding before?” 
 “Not like that. I think I might’ve sat on a motorcycle once, but that’s as far as that relationship went.”
 “I see. Well, I hope you like the food here. I remember making Tofu before, but you barely touched your plate that night. Maybe this place will make you feel differently.”
 “If you made Tofu, I’m sure I loved it.”
 “It’s fine if you didn’t. You don’t have to like everything about me,” he said and added a wink.
My heart nearly crawled inside my throat. How was I supposed to respond to that? He snickered and hung both of our helmets on the bars, then guided me in front of him. I’m not gonna lie, it felt nice being the object of Chris’s attention for a change. We were always busy with practice, his important meetings during the week, and his agenda with the musketeers that we barely spoke more than a few words to each other at the house. But today, I had him all to myself. 
I still had a hard time accepting he’d taken me out. Was this another one of his ‘courtesies,’ and he was just being nice because I fainted? I was almost afraid to enjoy it, afraid he’d disappear into thin air like the shoeprints. Afraid I’d wake up in the attic, mad at myself for having believed such a dumb fantasy (again). But as we walked side by side, the moment was here, and I found myself savoring every second with him, whether it was real or not. 
He opened the door for me, and I walked inside, glancing over the empty tables. There was a man in the back, mopping the floor near the bathrooms. 
 “It smells like Chinese food.”
 “Chinese Tofu,” he said, strolling over to the front counter. 
“Sounds like an exquisite combination. They don’t use real meat. They just throw on a slab of Tofu and dress it up like pork.”
He smiled thoughtfully. “You’re a funny girl, Calise. Do you know what you want?”
 “I think I’ve got an idea.” I started viewing some of the items.
An older woman spotted us from behind the counter. “Oh, heavens! I didn’t see anyone standing there. Hey there, cowboy.” She winked at Chris.
 “Hi, Ellen.” 
 “Is this for here or to go?” 
 “To go.”
 “And what can I get for you, sweetheart?” She almost looked angel-like, until her smile grew awkward. “Oh my. You’re here.” 
 “Umm, is something wrong?” I asked.
She shot a look at Chris. “Nothing’s wrong. What can I get for ya?” 
I could tell her enthusiasm had faded. “I’ll have the sweet and sour Tofu, fried rice, and a bag of vegetable rolls. That’ll be it for me.” 
She grabbed a foam container from the stack and turned around, filling the plate to the rim. Her hands were moving fast. Then she looked at me a second time and appeared to be awe-stricken. 
 “I’m sorry, dear.” She laughed awkwardly. “You look so familiar to me, like an old friend of mine. What’s your name, darlin’?” she asked. 
“Calise.”
 “Nice to meet you, Calise. I’m Ellen. You’re welcome to come back here anytime you want. No one will give you food the way I’ll give you food. Aint’ that right, cowboy?” Her attention fled back to Chris, and he smiled at her as she continued stacking my food into a container. 
She went ahead and took Chris’s order. They obviously knew each other, so I dallied to the entrance and watched cars pass on the main highway. I wondered what Ellen meant when she said I looked familiar. She obviously wasn’t too thrilled seeing my ‘familiar’ face. I was getting a lot of that lately. First the guy at the appliance store said I looked like someone he had a crush on when he was younger, and now this lady said I reminded her of an old friend of hers, right after she damn near had a heart attack. I was pretty sure it was because I reminded them of Jennifer Escott. 
The violent rash on my arm started itching again. I looked down at it, “What the hell?”
 “Are you ready?”
I spun around and found Chris holding the bags. “Yep. All set.”
 “I would’ve stayed here to eat, but I thought you’d rather see the park,” he offered, peering through the window. 
He was right – I wanted to go across the street and get some fresh air. After waving goodbye to Ellen, I followed him across the lot. 
 “Ellen’s the woman who watches over Missy when we’re out of town,” he said.
 “Oh, okay. She seems really nice,” I said. “What’s in the bag?” 
He lifted them in one hand. “I’m not quite sure yet. She always gives me more than what I ask for.”
“She’s probably just happy to have a regular customer around the place.”
“I hope Arkansas isn’t too slow for you, Calise.” He studied me more closely. “You can tell me if it is.”
I took my time answering. “Sometimes it can be. I don’t have a car or a motorcycle to drive around like the rest of you. But I wouldn’t call it slow exactly. I’m too busy practicing to ever get bored. I’m also here with you and your friends. There’s nothing slow about that.”
“I was worried you’d feel uncomfortable. I know my teammates aren’t the easiest people to live with. But they’re good kids once you get to know them,” he said. “And we have a lot of rules.” 
 It was reassuring to hear him confess his teammates were hard to live with. Even he realized how much a pain in the ass they could be. Of course they were good and loyal to him – he’d been training them for years. But that didn’t mean they had them same feelings toward me. “I barely noticed the rules. I’m more focused on making the team. I’ve forgotten about everything else. But I like it here. I’m just curious. What makes you so sure no one will ever say anything about what you do?”
 “Because we’ve made an oath. If that oath is ever crossed, we’ve also signed up for the consequences.”
 “Consequences? Like what kind of consequences?”
He didn’t respond, but continued smiling, trying to distract me from the moment. But I really wanted to know. What were the consequences of pissing off the Guardians, and who were these Guardians who started the underground thief club in the beginning? What oath did they take? Was it part of the ceremony that Tre mentioned? Was Chris one of those Guardians? He couldn’t expect me to be here and not ask questions. 
 “What kind of oath do I have to take?”
“Let’s just say you’ll be sworn to secrecy. It’s an easy oath to keep. We all know the danger of turning ourselves in.”
Crossing the sandbox into the park, I noticed dolls and Lego pieces scattered in the dirt. I stared at the large open field where guys my age played football. Other kids spun on a merry-go-round and sipped water from a fountain. Chris started setting up our food on the table, unraveling knotted bags and pulling out three plastic cartons. I joined him. Steam rose from the food as we faced each other, sitting between park benches. 
 “I hope this tastes as good as it smells,” I said.
 “Has it been hard for you, Calise? Changing your eating habits? I know you were probably used to eating a certain way.”
 “I don’t know. I still have my urges,” I admitted. “It’s mostly a mental thing. As long as I’m not staring at a round juicy steak, my body’s cool with it.” 
 “Ah.”
 “You’d think I’d know everything there is to know about being healthy with Laura’s psycho quest to be skinny, but I don’t. She wants me to be mindful of the same things as her, and I’m not. I can’t stand that woman.”
He nodded.
 “I like food. I like to eat. As long as I’m here training with you guys, I know the rules. No meat. No sweets. But when training’s over, sorry coach, those rules are out of the window.”
“Haha.” He took in a mouthful of Chow Mein. 
 “I didn’t get to thank you, by the way. For letting me join this pre-course. It means a lot to me. I finally get to see what I’m made of.”
He looked up and answered, “You don’t need to thank me, Calise. You were showing progress. I took the necessary step.”
“So who are the Guardians are?” 
He paused and sighed thoughtfully. “The Guardians are the originators of our pact. There are five altogether.”
“Are you a Guardian?”
“No.”
I eyed him. “Will I get to meet them soon?” 
 “That’s the idea,” he said. “If they like you as much as I do, your member-hood won’t be a question.” 
The idea of meeting thief-gang leaders was exciting. I could barely keep still. “Have you told them about me, Chris? Do they know I’m here?” I leaned forward in excitement, and our heads bumped together. “Oops, sorry.”
He backed up. “Yes. They know you’re here.”
“Do I have to take a test in front of them?” 
“They’ve watched you practice. They know you’re qualified. As far as the test is concerned, my word is sufficient. Soon enough they’ll want to meet you and make the offer official.” 
I soaked in the information, partly worried that they’d been watching me without my knowing it. They must’ve seen me screw up a million times already. “That’s why you’re making me do the pre-course assignment. So you know that I’m competent before I meet them?” 
“We take a pre-course every year. It gets us in tune for the season ahead. I just thought you’d enjoy working with the others.” 
“But you’ll also be grading me?”
He smiled and nodded.
 “I’m really nervous, Chris. What if I mess up? I keep imagining the worst.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “Getting sent home.”
 “It’s your first assignment. You’re nervous. You don’t have to be. You’ve got an entire team of support. If you fall, we’ll catch you.
“When are we going to Florida?”
“I have another meeting tonight. It looks like we’ll be going sooner than planned. We leave tomorrow.”
“Oh wow. That soon?”
“How’s the ship terminology coming?” he asked.
I sighed deeply. “I finished the book you gave me. It’s pretty straightforward if I can remember it all.”
“If you know the basics, you’ll do fine.” 
“I know. But what happens if I don’t pass?” I asked, trying not to sound desperate. 
“If anything happens, just remember I’ll catch you,” he said, piercing me with those enrapturing eyes. He didn’t say ‘we’ll catch you’ like before. It was more personal now.
I stared down. “I wish your whole team was more like you. It’s probably hard for them, seeing me here when they’d rather see . . . Porscha or someone else.” 
He turned serious. “Porscha is special to us. She’ll always be remembered here. But she has nothing to do with how we look at you. You’re different. We all have something unique to offer.”
 “You’re just saying that,” I teased. “She’s probably way better than I could ever be.”
He smiled a moment and lifted my chin. “You shouldn’t say that,” he muttered. His breath was so close that I could taste it, and it swept across my lips as though he were about to kiss me . . . almost . . . maybe . . . damn. He stood from the table and helped me up. “How was your imaginary pork?” 
 “Not bad.” I patted my belly. “Almost tasted like the real thing.”
He snickered. “I’ll be sure to tell Ellen.” 
When we returned to the parking lot, Chris’s motorcycle was the only one taking up space. Closed signs were hanging from windows, and the inside of the stores was dimly lit. Some empty beer cans tumbled across the sidewalk, and a wide-eyed raccoon stood right in front of us, looking like we were invading its turf. Then it slunk to the nearest dumpster. I jumped onto the back of bike and tightened my legs around Chris, snapping on the blue helmet. 
“Hold on,” he said again, even though my arms were already tightly wrapped around him. I tugged him closer until there was no space between us. The motor roared and thundered, and we revved down the open pavement. He turned onto the street, taking a different route than the way we came. There weren’t many cars going in this direction. It was just us and the highway.
I rested my head against his back. If only the helmet would disappear, I could nestle my cheek on his shoulder and inhale the scent of him. But at least I had his sweater. 
Did friends often sniff one another’s sweaters? 
The night was still young. Maybe he was taking me somewhere else, a place to top the evening with, since he was so full of surprises lately. Maybe he wanted to spend more quality time together.  Maybe a romantic getaway wasn’t farfetched. As soon as the thought found a way into my feelings, we pulled onto a dirt road, and my dream went tumbling down. No romantic getaway. No top-of-the-line island with white sand beaches and cool resort decks. I immediately felt guilty for having these thoughts, since he clearly stated in a previous conversation that nothing romantic was going on between us.
We maneuvered through the familiar driveway and parked in front of the storage. Coming back to the house shouldn’t have bothered me as much as it did. On the bright side, Chris did let me ride on the back of his motorcycle. 
Chapter Twelve
I gawked at the ship’s fluorescent beauty. The sun was high and ablaze, gleaming fantastically through crystal clear ceilings; it must’ve been how she got her name – Krystal.  The entire ship (or that which I saw) was dazzling off the sun’s reflection, cream marble floors glossed and glittering. The brochure didn’t do Krystal any justice.  Everything was made of glass.  The walls were tall, champagne-colored mirrors, hovering all around us.  In the center was a large golden circle, bright and translucent with two escalators on each side.  A lady stepped off one and shot me a smile. She looked like one of the employees in her knee-high skirted uniform.  When I saw another woman wearing the same thing, my guessing was put to rest.  For the most part, this area of the ship was quiet.  Only crewmembers wandered in this section.  
Chris and I made our way across deck Bella toward the Business Center. There were sprinkles of bodies sitting in front of laptops, travelers holding coffee cups, and employee members getting ready for the voyage ahead. I followed Chris all the way to the designated office (for our scheduled meeting) and once inside, we saw diagrams and small gadgets sprawled across the crowded table.  Blue, Tre, and Kevin were huddled over the desk, brows creased in decision.
 “Hey, boss,” Kevin said.  “Take a look of these.”
Chris walked over and observed the clear tape.  “Where’d you get them?”
“From some other guys I know, outside the Cove.” 
Chris shot him a look. All I kept wondering was, what the hell was the Cove?
“Don’t worry, man,” Kevin said. “They’ve got loads of stuff that’s not mainstream.”
Chris rubbed his brow.
Blue leaned in, staring at the earpieces.  “If they’ve got stuff like this, I’m sure they’re way more into the game than we are. I’ve never seen anything like it.” 
“There’s more,” Kevin went on, spreading out the items. “Laser chalk’s a thing of the past.  By this time next year we’ll be wearing contacts to see everything.  All the new high voltage security – piece of cake.”
Tre nodded in approval.  “I dig it.”
Chris loosened up.  “Contacts, mm?  That’s ambitious.”
Ambitious alright.  Wearing contacts to see laser beams was the hottest invention ever.  Who came up with this stuff?  Was there someone who actually sat in a room and said ‘oo, let’s make a thief’s job easier today and create laser beam contacts.’ I waited for Kevin to toss more detail on the digital specs, but instead, he showed Chris the timers (which looked more like silver bracelets) and explained their function.  “It’s got a few tricks to it . . .”
At that point, Tre handed me a wristwatch along with an earpiece set, followed by an illustration.  “Do not try this at home.”
It wasn’t long before the meeting ended, and Tre led me around the ship, showing me the beginning and ending points for everyone’s position. We browsed each deck (including the control room) while the Chief Engineer was on break. From there, we went over our routes, timing, marks, who’d be where, at what time, and for how long. 
I was what they called the anchor. My job was to get into the control room and get the others inside the vault. The objective sounded simple, but I had to know everything else happening around me; like the captain’s schedule, the faces of his crewmembers (position and duty), and most importantly, when the crewmembers took their lunch break. 
“Anything can happen,” Tre warned, getting onto the elevator.
He was right.  Anything could go happen. Which was why Chris made sure we were thoroughly equipped to have a plan B.  
*
Staring at my right shoulder, I saw the patch of beauty marks cluttered together. If everything went according to plan, we’d be inside Submarine X in less than an hour, underwater and diamonds richer. My anxiety was much similar to the angst before an exam. Once this mission was over, I’d be less prone to panic and even less nervous the second time around. But right now, I was on verge of having a nervous breakdown. 
My dark hair gleamed, neatly pulled back into a silver clip. Violet eye shadow set off my indigo dress, and the thick lash made my eyes appear smoky and suggestive. The strapless dress flattered my neckline. My face shimmered with blush, and my eyes stuck out like wildcat eyes, filled with calm determination. The sparkly black slippers on my feet were traced with luminous beads, and a sterling silver bracelet graced my wrist as I set it for twenty minutes.
We’d already gone over its features. Chris recapped everything before we got here, including the way the gadgets worked and what I’d be doing with the navigation board once I got inside. One mistake on my part and this whole mission was ruined. 
Most importantly, I had to understand basic ship terminology, which, thanks to Chris’s informative study-guide folder, I was moderately sufficient in.  As static surged through my invisible earpiece, I laid one finger over the device in order to get a better signal.  
“Set,” Kevin affirmed in a firm tone through our earpieces. Rumblings emerged from his location.
 “All set,” Blue confirmed.
“Yeah, I’m here, too,” Tre announced in a loud booming voice. Going over the plan in my mind, I knew Tre was stationed behind the bar, his first position of many. I could hear the clanking of glasses, live music band playing in the background, people scurrying to and fro, and voices hammering together into one large crescendo. “Calise?” he checked.   
I patted my dress and replied, “I’m ready.”
“Good. You know what to do. Get on down here,” Tre muttered.
Turning away from the mirror, I delighted in the color scheme of the stateroom suite. Cream and soft orange wallpaper highlighted the ivory walls. A flower desk, drawer, and enclosed television took up half of the room. The carpet was thick, regal, and lush. It looked gratifying in the wide field of open space. Double doors led to a queen-sized bed that wore a white downy comforter. And a pair of complimentary robes hung from the edge. None of my personal items were here because Chris said it wouldn’t be necessary. We’d only be on board a few hours and didn’t need to risk leaving our things. 
Making my way towards the elevator, I pushed the main floor button and traveled upwards. When I walked back out, I passed the casinos, bars, shopping malls, show lounges, restaurants, pizzerias, pools, whirlpools, spas, and every good thing to entertain. I’d only been on a cruise twice in my life with my real mom. Neither of those times had been as luxurious as this one. 
Each store had a gold and cursive sign to entice an elegant audience. Most of the stores were sophisticated, not made for children or large families. The ship was more of a formal affair.  It was a hunting ground for the rich and young bachelors, as well as a getaway for romantic couples. There were massage parlors on every floor, including this one, and I deeply craved a deep Thai massage and pedicure. Ever since I’d been living at the cabin, my frivolous luxuries as a woman disappeared. I wanted my girl power back. I wanted to be spoiled rotten a day.
Couldn’t Chris let us enjoy the cruise for a few more days? It wasn’t like the diamonds were going to run off and disappear into the water. We had enough time to spare before the ship turned around and headed back to the States. A shopping spree would’ve been impossible and perfect.
It wouldn’t taken my mind off the things that mattered:
Would I pass the test? Would I hit my marks? Would I get thrown in jail? 
Chris and the gang were used to making their heist rounds, so they could perform this assignment with their eyes closed. It was easy for them to be normal. But I wasn’t as confident. I wasn’t sure if I made a good liar, or if my façade would fool anyone.  
And yet, I was faced with the incredible task to make everyone believe I was a regular passenger . . . single, self-sufficient, and enjoying the motion of the sea.
*
Standing at the center of Deck 8, I watched passengers flood inside the Morison’s Square Ball Room. As they crowded the main entrance, well dressed and anticipating a good time, strings of a violin rustled together and passed through tall majestic doors. A pleasurable feeling rushed over me, making my skin ripple with excitement.  Walking through the congested doors, I noticed there was something raw and authentic pulsing through the room. As the violinist played, she gripped everyone’s attention. She appeared to be in her late forties with flat gray hair reaching above her shoulders, and a pair of glasses too big for her face. She was the least formally dressed person in the room. But the way she caressed those violin chords and glided poetically into the next stroke, it didn’t matter what she wore. It was hard for anyone not to watch. 
Behind her, a live classical band played. It was the same band from earlier, which I’d heard through Tre’s earpiece. There was a drummer, a pianist, and a saxophonist neatly dressed in white suits and black ties, highlighting the violist woman with their charming appearance. For a split second, the arrangement reminded me of the last operetta I’d seen with Laura and Carl – La Traviatta. Except now, there was an old lady violist at the center of the stage playing her instrument instead of the gorgeous young singer.
White candles stood on golden tablecloth, covered in thin round glasses. The luminous fire sparkled and flittered like magical halos. Chandeliers glittered and emitted their brilliance over the entire room, serving the atmosphere with a soft angelic glow. People laughed and giggled and cheered as their glasses clicked together. 
Women graced the floor with their long majestic dresses and pearl necklaces and watched men roam around in expensive tuxedos. The gentlemen sipped on martinis and played cards gleefully, waiting for enough courage to approach the next prettiest girl. 
Their attire and social behavior reminded me of a wedding or high school prom. Everyone was giddy, and their outfits were meticulously arranged, and their hair was so thoroughly beautified, it was easy to conclude no one important would want to miss this event.
This ballroom was meant for conservative people who were young at heart, looking to rekindle their passions. There were younger people present as well, but they appeared sophisticated for their age. 
Following a group of guests inside the main entrance, I made an effort to keep my eyes on the captain’s table, which wasn’t too far from the one I’d reserved in the VIP area. Groups of important people circled the massive table as the captain stood at the center, entertaining his guests with humorous conversation. I didn’t think there was such a thing as the captain having groupies, but there they were, sucking up the poor man’s breathing space. 
“Where are you, Legs?” Tre checked.
Looking up, I recognized Tre serving shots from behind the bar. He looked exceptional in his simple black tux. “Hey, I can see you.”
“Damn, girl,” he said. “You look like a delicious tootsie roll ready to melt.” 
My cheeks warmed.
“Yeah, okay. Let’s just hope she can perform as good as she looks,” Kevin said loud and clear.
“Roger that,” Tre said, winking my way.
I walked over to the hostess and confirmed my reservation. “Alice Smith.”
The lady scanned over the computer, tapping on a few keys. “One guest for eight-o-clock,” she confirmed the reservation and led me towards a booth near the back, which was originally set for two. She swiftly removed the spare tableware and asked, “Can I start you off with something to drink?” 
I hesitated. “Yes, a glass of ginger ale would be fine, thanks.” 
“Sure. I’ll have that right over,” she said, placing a menu out in front of me. 
After she left, I folded my hands on the table and sat there, taking in my surroundings. I liked my new villain name: Alice Smith. It was dangerous and wild-like and nothing remotely close to Calise Thomas. I also liked the fake ID that came along with this trip. Chris gave us one before we left Arkansas.
Looking around, there were handfuls of customers dallying in the corner beside me, scanning menus and ordering drinks. Mostly everyone else was near the center of the room, dancing with their dates and socializing at the captain’s table, taking pictures. Despite the gravity of the situation, I was so engrossed with Tre’s compliment that I almost missed the ginger ale being delivered in front of me. 
Once I thanked the waitress for her fast delivery, I took a sip from the glass and peered around. Near the entrance, a sudden tension stabbed the air, and I wasn’t quite sure what caused it. But I did notice something changed, like someone pushed the pause button. Heads turned.  Jaws dropped. For a fraction of a second, even the band stopped playing. 
Shifting in my seat to get a better view of what was happening, I saw the main attraction. Blue had arrived. Her presence was enough to make the whole room notice, losing their rhythm in the process. She was fierce and stunning in her fitted black dress. One eye was concealed behind a long wavy bang, and her gaze darted forward, searching for her target. This wasn’t the same girl I’d been training with for the last three months. I was so accustomed to her showing up in overalls and tennis shoes and sweats that I’d almost forgotten she was a female. I was suddenly offended by her womanly look, how she instantly transformed into this dark exotic princess from the cover of Rolling Stone and was no longer the hard-shelled tomb-boy we all knew from the woods. 
She snaked across the floor, carefully watching the unmarried captain. He was mingling at his private table, oblivious to the scene that was taking place behind him. A cruel smirk spread across her face when she found what she was looking for. There was no escape for her unsuspecting victim. Her thoughts and intentions seemed to permeate the air as she sifted through the crowd, her rhinestone heels clicking across the boardwalk. The captain’s crewmen parted, creating a pathway for her and practically salivating on the floor. 
“Hello, Captain,” she smiled, extending her hand.  I could hear their whole conversation via our digital connection.
The captain turned around and looked at her with parted lips. “Hello there.” 
I watched the captain escort Blue to a nearby table – a more private location on the outskirts of the crowd – and they sat across from one other. He was visibly entertained with her beauty, which was to be expected. She was downright gorgeous in that killer black dress. It was probably the reason coach arranged for Kevin to stay behind on the lower deck, so he wouldn’t have to watch his girlfriend get down and dirty with the unmarried captain, even though it was only part of her job. The captain was Blue’s latest project, and she took her work very seriously. She batted her long lashes and continued making inviting gestures, which were nonetheless subtle and appropriate, and in no way trashy or desperate. 
“Care for a drink?” he offered.
“Thought you’d never ask,” she replied. “I’ll have an apple martini.”
He snapped for the waitress and ordered. “Give us two apple martinis.”
“Would that be all for you?” the waitress asked, jotting down notes. I was surprised she didn’t ask Blue for her ID, which would’ve been fine since it was stashed inside her shimmery purse. I guess since Blue was sitting next to the captain, few of the rules applied. 
The captain replied, “That’ll be all.” 
Blue squirmed in her seat. 
“Great. That’s just perfect,” Tre sent a shock wave through my earpiece. I knew he was frustrated about the arrangement. If the captain and Blue both ordered apple martinis, there’d be no way to distinguish one from the other, and Tre would have to come up with a way to differentiate the drinks if he was going to spike the captain’s drink and not mix it up with Blue’s. 
“I don’t know how we missed each other. Someone as lovely as you, I should’ve noticed right away,” the captain confessed his undying love, and I wanted to puke at how ridiculous he sounded. It was probably the main reason he was still unmarried.
I thought Blue would’ve laughed in his face or rolled her eyes. If this weren’t a mission, she would’ve surely smacked him across his drooling face. She especially didn’t like it when people gave her compliments. But for the sake of the task, she smiled and pretended he was the most charming person in the room. 
“We only boarded an hour ago,” she replied. “You didn’t have much time to look around.”  
“What do you do for fun?” he asked.
She crossed her leg, showing off a slit of skin. “What don’t I do, captain?”
He smirked and said, “Call me Clive.” 
“Violet.” 
“Violet. That’s such a pretty name.” He stared at her thigh. 
Well go, Violet, I rooted under my breath. She had Clive right where she wanted him, and there was six minutes remaining on the clock. At this rate, we’d make it to the vault sooner than anticipated. The timer on my wrist ticked away, and I watched Tre place two martinis on a silver tray. He topped one with a cherry and said in a mocking voice, “The cherry’s all yours, Violet.”
Blue gave a slight nod, showing that she understood the arrangement. The captain’s drink was the one without a cherry.  When the waitress returned with their tray, Blue took the glass and gripped the cherry between her lips, sliding it off the toothpick.  “Shall we toast?”
“To the most beautiful lady on board,” he said.
Blue smiled as they both sipped their drink. “I’ve always wanted my own personal tour,” she admitted in a slow rhythm. “You should show me around, Clive. I think it would make this trip so much more memorable.”
He folded his hands and answered, “We can have that arranged.” 
“How about now?”
Within minutes of her request, the small talk was over and the captain trailed behind Blue, ready and willing to give her anything she wanted, including that private tour. It’d only take minutes for the truth serum to kick in. If everything went according to plan, it would knock Captain Clive into a deep coma sleep like it did in the movies. Blue needed to get the captain’s full cooperation, so she’d know where to find his keys, which was the only way we’d be able to stop the engine and drive Submarine X underwater. 
“Get him out of here,” Tre mumbled through the earpiece, making his way to their empty table. 
I took one last sip of ginger ale and watched Tre hover above Clive’s empty martini glass. He looked around the room to make sure no one was watching before cautiously collecting the thumbprint onto a small square sheet. He nodded once, giving me the go-ahead. 
That was my cue. 
I rose from the table, steady and relaxed. It was impossible to know if anyone was watching from the sidelines, so I consistently tried to blend in with the rest of the crowd. It was a hard thing to do since I couldn’t exactly watch myself. 
Did I appear in-control and mysterious like Blue, or did I come across as a person who was about to steal diamonds? 
I remembered Chris saying he’d be grading me tonight, and I suddenly wondered if he was grilling my efforts at this moment. Was he mingling in the swarms of people, hidden in a corner somewhere, making mental notes and estimating my worth?
As naturally as possible, I followed Blue and Clive into the elevator and entered beside them. Through the glass reflection, I could see the drugs working. They’d already started taking effect as the captain leaned against the elevator bar, barely keeping his eyes open. Three other passengers swarmed in beside him.
“Oh, hello, Clive!  It’s good to see you again. I don’t know if you remember me, but we were on the Esme cruise together and you met my husband, Gerald. We ate at the same table and had such a wonderful time.” 
Clive cleared his throat. “Uh-huh.” 
“Are you alright?” she asked.
“Yes, yes. I’m fine. The Esme cruise. I remember,” he confirmed.
“Would you mind taking a picture with me? Gerald would love that. He’s so fond of you. He secretly wants to be a captain, and I told him to go for it. Maybe this picture will give him the motivation he needs.” She laughed. “Do you mind?” she asked Blue and extended the camera, already posed beside the captain. 
Blue’s forced a smile and took the camera. “Of course.”
We both shared a sigh of disappointment. If Clive fainted on this floor or turned into a crazy coo-coo person before we were able to get him off this elevator, our entire mission was screwed.
Once the elevator doors opened, I started walking in the opposite direction of Blue and the captain. When I looked back, I saw them waiting by the pair of double doors. I knew the hallway would lead them straight to the captain’s private room. He searched his pockets diligently for the key card.
I continued slinking past the bathrooms. Plates clattered in restaurants and festive music played.  Voices echoed from private rooms. The humming and swaying of the ship made me queasy, but I walked down the hall, staring ahead and going over the code in my head. 
“Got the keys,” Blue said. “I’m on my way.” 
Her next move was to deliver the keys to Kevin, and once he had those, we were pretty much smooth sailing. Once the propellers shut down, Kevin’s job (on cue) would be to swim to the cargo belly, and with captain’s key, open the latch from the outside. This extra chamber was built specifically for Sub X and was made in a very special way. For one, the submarine could only be unlocked from the outside when the ship was on port. But since the ship was still moving at the moment, we had to matters into our own hands. Secondly, like most rooms on board, there were special filters built inside this vault to prevent any major flooding. So Kevin didn’t have to worry about drowning once he got down there.
As I neared the control room, I slowed and hid behind the corner, waiting to see if the crewmen had left yet. I heard their voices, though, and soon saw them exit for their 2oclock lunch break. Just as quickly as they left, I snuck over and used a pin to open the door. Once inside the ECM (engine control room), I pressed firmly against the wall to avoid being spotted by the cameras. Then I spit out the gum I was chewing and covered their spectacle. “I’m in. I can see the boards,” I said, staring down at the slew of machineries and screens and panels. This was definitely the control room. I made it here seconds before the timer went off.  
“Good. I’m in the safe room.  Let’s move,” Chris said.
“Who’s that humming?” Kevin interrupted.
I stopped and cleared my throat.  “Oops, sorry.  Loose nerves.”
“No, keep going,” he said.  “I like that song.” 
My humming continued. 
“Where are you?” Chris asked.
Blue came through clear.  “I’m coming now.”
“Yep, I’m right down the hall, boss,” Tre added.
“Calise?”
I turned off the propellers. The movement of the ship slowed, and finally stopped. Sprinting out the door, I didn’t look back. On my way to the safe room with the others, I removed my hills and threw them in the nearest trash bin. “Coming.”
Blue and I reached the vault door at the same time. It was guarded by thick glass, and Tre had to use the captain’s fingerprint (from the martini glass), and a numerical code (one Chris hacked) to disengage it.  Once we were inside, I saw the cocoa floor was smooth lineless marble. Cream-colored walls curved and formed a sphere at the ceiling. Submarine X (the grey shark-tailed beauty) glowed at the center of the chamber and was filled with millions worth of jewels.
“Alright, Blue,” Tre continued. “The floor beams change direction every 1.6 seconds. Vertical then horizontal.”
“Got it.” She set the timer and stared down. This was the moment she’d been practicing for, except now if she messed up, she’d be spending the rest of her life in prison. We all watched her crack her neck and leap onto the cold tile floor. She held her weight in a sturdy pushup position. 
Chris could see the beams through the pair of glasses. He guided her since her partner wasn’t here to do the job. “Hold. Two up, four left.”
Blue complied, moving forward on her hands and dodging invisible lasers.
“Stop,” he said. “Straight line.  Bring your right leg to the left, slow . . . there you go. Okay.  Lift your right arm, left heel down.”
She followed his instruction the same way she did at practice.  
Finally, Chris sighed and said, “That a girl.  Stand up.”
Blue stood tall and tapped the sub board.  “We’re in, boys.”
Chapter Thirteen
Having dressed and showered, I walked back into the attic feeling empowered and revitalized. I’d finally accomplished my first mission. On our ride on the submarine, I’d basically been chosen to be Tre’s partner. It wasn’t because the gang was being nice or doing me any favors, but because I worked my ass off and earned it. They all agreed I was ready for the next stage. All I had to do was meet the other Guardians and my membership would be sealed. 
Returning the attic, I found a small table had been stationed beside my neatly made bed. The silver tray was there ever since I awoke this morning, and I was pretty sure it was a gift for my 18th birthday. Someone must’ve come inside my room while I was sleeping, which I didn’t mind, since they were leaving presents. I walked over to the white flower plant and read the note beside it.
 “Happy Birthday, Calise. Enjoy breakfast. From all of us. P.S. Come downstairs.” 
The card was signed by Chris, Tre, Kevin, and Blue, and my face twisted with discomfort. It’d be less weird if they’d forgotten my birthday altogether and pretended I didn’t exist, since I was used to them ignoring me anyway. Removing the aluminum foil from the platter, I found a bouquet of the most delicious fruits: cantaloupe, watermelon, pineapples, strawberries, and different colored grapes, decorated in the most delicate patterns.
 “Chris.” I grinned to myself. It was his infamous fruit bowl. No one made fruit bowls as brilliantly as he did. I almost couldn’t believe he’d made me breakfast in bed. Alongside the bowl of fruits was another silver tray, one with a bronze handle, and I lifted the lid, taking in the dazzling radiance. Layers of pancakes had silver diamonds on top of them, forming the pattern of a smiley face. 
“Damn. Nice present.” I couldn’t even imagine what the musketeers must’ve given people they actually liked. 
In addition to the diamonds, purple gems sparkled on the center of the pancakes, similar to those I’d seen in Chris’s diamond library, and my heart fluttered. I’ve had my share of luxury, living with a dad like Carl, and I’d easily gotten bored with it. But diamonds were still, and always would be, a girl’s best friend. 
Grabbed the fork, I sunk my teeth into some cold, ripe melons, enjoying the thoughtful gift. Soon afterward, I headed downstairs to check on things. My hair was still a complete mess as I scurried to the front entrance.
I expected to find someone in front of the TV watching a playoff game. But the sofas were empty, and so were the dining room chairs. I wasn’t sure where they’d gone. They told me come downstairs as soon as I woke up. So where’d they run off to?
“Hello? Where is everybody?” 
 “Happy Birthday!” 
I jumped up against the wall, nearly smashing my shoulder. Blue, Tre, Kevin, and Chris were holding up a large double fudge cake with a candle in the middle. 
“Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday, Ms. Calise, Happy Birthday to you.” 
Chunks of the cake were missing, and I felt like I was five years old all over again. “Wow.” 
 “Yyyeaa! Happy Birthday, Legs! Make a wish.”
 I hadn’t made a wish since I was twelve. But the liveliness of their energy brought on a sense of belonging. I blew out the fluttering flame and watched the smoky swirls fill the air. Everyone clapped, including Blue, and I wanted to run into the attic and hide until this whole thing was over with. I wasn’t used to feeling this way. I was used to being the sarcastic outsider looking in. But now that I was finally invited in, I wasn’t really sure how to react.
Why was everyone being nice all of a sudden? Mom and Dad threw parties for me like this all the time and invited the entire block to come over and celebrate. They did it because they cared. People only did this when they cared.
 “Woot Woot!” Tre bounced around like a kid at the candy store, or worse, like it was his birthday instead of mine. He removed the wicks from the cake and started licking away the icing. “How old are you now, Chicken Legs?”
 “Eighteen,” I answered.
 “Just another step closer to twenty-one,” Tre teased. 
Kevin whispered something in Blue’s ear and slapped her derriere. She snarled at him, then grabbed him by the shoulder and kissed him. 
 “Thanks, guys. This means a lot. I don’t know what else to say, other than I really liked the pancakes.” I caught a glimpse of Chris.
 “I bet you did, and everything that came with it,” Tre confessed. “I have the best ideas.” 
Blue frowned. “Oh, please, Tre. You wish the diamonds were your idea. They were Chris’s idea, and you know it. All you did was chip in a couple rocks like everybody else.”
Chris smiled tightly and stared to the ground, too modest to take full credit. But I knew it was him all along. 
 “I still suggested the pancakes.” Tre shrugged.
 “Whatever.”
 “Thanks for the fruit bowl, Chris,” I said. “I know that much was your idea.” 
 “You’re welcome.”
Tre pranced over, carrying a plate. “I hope you don’t mind I had first dibs on this wonderful, chocolate delight. I’ve got this thing called a sweet tooth that never goes away. I tried to hold back as long as I could.”
I peered over at the missing chunks, realizing that Tre wasn’t the only one who’d beat me to dessert. “It’s cool.”
He pulled his fingers through my hair. “Damn, girl. Your hair should say ‘warning, fire hazard.’”
 “It’s no big deal. I’m about to take care of it.” 
 “Wait here a sec. I got an even better idea. Don’t go anywhere, Legs!” He headed back to the table. 
 “Uh, sure,” I replied. 
When he was gone, I watched the musketeers turn on music, laugh together, and scoop up more ice cream. Chris was already staring at me when I turned around to face him. He was pressed against the counter wearing a pair of grey khaki pants and a white sports shirt, crossing his legs. 
“Thanks again for breakfast. I always like your fruit bowls.”
“I’m glad you enjoyed it.”
“So when do I get to meet the Guardians? Aren’t they the ones who give my membership the final stamp of approval?”
 He folded his arms and looked down. “Don’t worry. You’re going to meet the Head Guardian soon enough. From what I hear, he’s looking forward to it.” 
“He?”
“By the way, I had to go into your room last night while you were asleep. I would’ve knocked, but it would’ve ruined the surprise . . .” 
 I shook my head. “Oh, no. It’s okay,” I said. “The present was really nice. I didn’t think you’d even remember.”
“Of course I’d remember.” He stared at me earnestly.
I waited for him to say something else, but when he didn’t, I quickly changed the subject. “I didn’t get a chance to apologize about the other night. I didn’t mean to eavesdrop on you and Blue in the office.”
He chuckled. “You’re apologizing on your birthday?”
 “It’s just that have a lot of respect for you. Even though I don’t get along with everyone in the house, you’re the one that matters. You’re the one letting me stay here.”
 “I’m not letting you stay here, Calise. I want you to be here.”
 “You’re just saying that because it’s my birthday.” 
He smiled. “I think you know better.”
 “Alright, let’s do something about this disaster.” Blue slid between us and started patting my hair down. My first instinct was to shove her ass on the floor and rip her hair out. Did she bump her head on a concrete wall and forget what happened the other night when she ranted on about sending me home? I could gladly refresh her memory. But she was so cheery and confident about ‘doing something about this disaster’ that it would’ve been rude to chop her head off in front of everyone. 
 “Do something about what?” I forced a smile.
 “Go ahead, Chicken Legs,” Tre yelled from the table. “Let Blue hook you up.”
That was Tre’s master plan? Have Blue do my hair? After we almost got into a catfight less than forty-eight hours ago?
 “Trust me,” she whispered and took me by the arm. “We’ll be back, boys.” She waved and pulled me up the stairs like we were BFF’s; I swear if this girl made my hair look like Penguin from the Batman movie, we were going to have some real serious problems. 
Once we reached the top of the staircase, she switched her tiny frame down the hall and pushed her door open. 
 “Wait here.” She rushed inside, closing the door behind her. More clanging noises erupted. It sounded like she was fumbling through the cabinets in the bathroom looking for God-knows-what. It wasn’t too late to run away. I could tell her ‘no thanks’ and still have time enough to do my own hair. But she came out carrying a small handbag with cords hanging from the edges and a comb stuffed inside her pocket, looking like a pro. Bottles of shampoo and conditioner were also in her hands when she stepped in front of me. 
 “Listen up. We’re not friends. We’re not homies. I don’t even like you. Another thing. Chris is my coach. That means if I smile in your face or give you a couple rocks for your birthday, I’m doing it to make him happy. It has nothing to do with you. That’s right, sweetheart. He paid us to be nice to you. So brace yourself. I’m about to make you look like a fucking goddess.” 
Chapter Fourteen
I stared through the van’s window and took my own breath away. My hair was smooth, ironed, and flowing past my shoulders. A bang fell over my eye, glowing with Moroccan oil. Tonight, I looked sexy. It wasn’t the upper eastside New York City sexy that Laura deemed with such high approval, but the hotness that made rock stars turn their heads. 
Black nylons tugged on my legs underneath a dark grey mini skirt, and the fitted Ozzy shirt had sleeves that reached past my wrists. The matching black suede boots zipped mid-calve, and nothing, absolutely nothing, was overdone. 
As much as I hated to admit it, Blue had a gift. She was one hell of a stylist. She not only made my hair look like queen royalty, but she also put together a killer outfit for me from her own closet that was to-die-for. That didn’t mean we were cool. We were still sworn enemies and didn’t speak to one another the entire time she worked it out. But the girl kept her promise. And kudos to her; I looked like a fucking goddess. 
“Ay, Calise.” Tre shouted from the back seat. “You’re older than Blue now. She’s only a year younger.”
Blue huffed. “Thanks, Tre. I really wanted the whole world to know that.” 
“No problem. We’re all family in here. If it makes you feel better, I’m eighteen. My man Kevin over there is seventeen, and Chris is forty.”
The guys laughed as Chris shot them a look in the mirror. 
“I mean thirty,” he said.
“Chris is twenty-eight, Tre,” Blue said, rolling her eyes. “Twenty-eight.”
“You know what I mean. He’s the oldest. So tell me, Chicken Legs, how does it feel being a year older?”
I turned in the passenger’s seat and found Blue sitting in Kevin’s lap. They were actually cute together when she wasn’t yelling at him. Tre was in the same row beside them, leaning against the corner. “Same as yesterday,” I answered.
“You don’t look the same as yesterday. That’s for damn sure.” 
“She’s right. If I ever got serious about dating again, Chicken Legs, you’d be the one. From the bottom of my heart. And that’s a big deal coming from me, because I love my solitude, baby, and I’m very picky.” 
 “Tre, put a lid on it,” Blue objected. 
 Tre started singing Beyonce’s Single Ladies in a high-pitched voice and snapping his fingers.
“Dear God, please make him disappear.” Blue rubbed her temples. 
“Ahhhaa!” Kevin laughed and slid off the seat. 
“Chris, would you throw them out the window please? I’d do it myself, but I don’t wanna chip a nail.” Blue glanced at her freshly done French tips.
I looked at Chris who was chuckling as well. “Are they always like this?” 
He peered through the mirror. “I believe so.”
 “I can’t believe you won’t tell me where we’re going!” I folded my arms, pretending to be offended. Chris already told me back at the house he was taking me somewhere special for my birthday. I just didn’t know where.
 “It’s a surprise,” he repeated, focusing on the road ahead. 
“Can you at least tell me if it’s somewhere you’ve been before?” I asked, rolling my head against the seat. 
 “Yes. I’ve been here a few times.”
 “Anything to do with really amazing food?” 
“Are you guessing that way because you’re hungry?” 
“Maybe. I’ve got a sweet tooth all of a sudden. I wish Tre hadn’t eaten all the cake.” My voice grew louder so Tre could hear me. And sure enough, he heard me loud and clear, almost like he’d been waiting for me to invite him into the conversation.
 “Hold up,” Tre interjected, smothering his head between the driver’s seat and mine. “It’s not my fault you took three hours to get dressed. What was I supposed to do? Sit in the kitchen and wait? All that luscious chocolate swirling around my face. I don’t think so.”
 “That would’ve been the nice thing to do, since it is my birthday.” I shot him a look.
He shot me one back. “I don’t care if it’s Halle Berry’s birthday. Marble swirl with fudge in the middle belongs to me. I don’t give a damn.” 
 “Coach, could you turn up the radio please?” Blue asked.
 “Turn it up for what, baby?” Kevin replied. “You’ve got the best MC right here in front of you. Live and un-censored.” He sashayed his hips, and definitely hinted that he wanted her to give him a lap dance.
 “Because I like real music, Kevin. Not karaoke impersonations.”
Tre creased his nose. “Ooo.” 
 “Damn, baby, that was a stinger,” Kevin said.
Tre went on. “Sting.”
 “Errr,” Kevin added. 
More roars of laughter erupted, and I didn’t see how Blue could take it. These guys loved to pick on her. But she handled herself well, considering she was being double-teamed. She found a seat near the back and stared out the window. 
After we pulled behind a line of cars and paid the $7.00 parking fee, Chris stashed the ticket into the glove compartment and slightly brushed against my leg. Then he steered and parked the van between two cars.
I took in my new surroundings, remembering the times when my mom used to take me to these events as a kid. We used to have so much fun together, getting on the rides and eating chili cheese fries. “You’ve got to be kidding me. I absolutely love state fairs. Was this your idea?” 
“I was afraid you wouldn’t like the surprise,” Chris replied.
 “I love the surprise. It’s right on.”
He smiled, pounding my fist with his.
Blue stuck her head between us. “Don’t give him too much credit. He has a soft spot for merry-go-rounds himself. It was a win-win. Last year it took an entire tow truck to haul him out of here.”
“Really?” Chris asked.
She pinched one of his cheeks and answered, “Really. You did enough riding that day to make us all dizzy.” 
Tre charged up to us with sweat pouring down from his NYC cap. “Are ya’ll gone sit in there and fry? It’s hot as hell out here. Keep it movin’, please.”
“I don’t know, Tre, maybe if you took this ridiculous hat off.” Blue reached over and snatched the cap from his head, then climbed out the van and ran off with it. Tre chased her through the parked cars. Watching them was like elementary school all over again. Kevin trailed shortly behind them, stretching his limbs and scoping the parking lot like he owned the place. 
I turned to Chris. “Should I bring a jacket for later?”
 “You don’t have to,” he replied, lifting up a blue sweater. “You can wear mine if it gets cold.”
 “Thanks. But I don’t wanna end up with your whole wardrobe in my closet. I still have your black sweater from the other day.” 
 “Don’t worry about it. Give it back later. It’s your day. You shouldn’t have to carry anything around,” he said.
I stepped outside and shut the door behind me. 
Where was this coming from? One minute he was barely holding a conversation with me, the next, he was taking me on surprise ventures, possibly paying his friends to behave themselves, and making me breakfast in bed with diamond pancakes. His friends seemed comfortable enough with him taking me out on this ‘festival’ date, but I couldn’t understand where this acceptance was coming from.
I pulled Tre to the side. “Is Chris paying you guys to be nice to me?”
Tre pursed his lips. “Did Blue tell you that? Don’t listen to her, Legs. The coach told us to make this day special for you. He’s not paying us. He just wants to make sure no one screws it up. Coach does this every year, takes us out on our birthday and does something nice. Right before you got here we took Kevin to Fiji and stayed there a whole week. I can’t tell you how many times I’ve been to Brazil, which I’m still requesting again this year. Then, after you, it’ll be Blue’s turn, then Kevin’s turn again. It’s like clockwork.”
I processed the information, which was beginning to make sense; Chris did this for all of his students. There was no need for them to feel jealous about my diamond pancakes, because everyone had a turn, and no one was left out or spoiled. No one was more praised than the other. 
As the five of us strolled up to the ticket window and waited in line, blocking the sun with our elbows, I looked at Chris.  “You’re a pretty cool guy, Chris.”
“Thank you, Calise. You’re a pretty cool girl.”
It wasn’t just a physical attraction either. His mind, his focus, and his dedication toward his students were admirable. These individuals meant something to him. They weren’t just tools he used for his own selfish reasons; they weren’t a means to an end. They were a big part of his life, and I could tell by the way he related to them that he was a loyal friend.
 “Altogether?” the guy asked us from behind the booth. He looked ready to jump off the edge of a diving board, straight into a pool. He punched a hole through our tickets. 
Looking around, I realized this was the most people I’d seen since we got here to Arkansas. At that moment, I had to give Chris-and-the-gang their props. They made a smart choice by living out in the middle of nowhere. Instead of spending their money in high-class society, they hid themselves in the unlikeliest of places and kept a low profile. Here, no one questioned their motives, interests, or whereabouts, because no one cared.
After Chris handed out tickets to the group, he handed me mine last and moved around me, walking past the festival tents. He was like my guardian angel, covering my every move and shielding me from the outside world. Nothing could touch me when I was around him, and nothing could pull me away from him either. 
There were countless times I could’ve asked about his ex-partner Jennifer and their relationship together, but I hated bringing up another girl when we were starting to get so close. I’d have to ask later when the time was right. Right now, the warm scents of cotton candy and funnel cakes floated in the air. Food booths hauled out hot dogs and freshly made candy apples dripped with caramel. The thick aroma of butter popcorn strangled my ability to see any of the rides.
“Mm, get a whiff of that,” Blue said.
 Kevin held her. “Damn, girl, you’re hungry again?”
 “I know, B, we just ate. Slow your roll,” Tre said, looking around the place. “What do you want to do, Legs? It’s your birthday.”
“Mm, I don’t know. Maybe a ride first.”
 “I got a better idea,” he went on, “How about Kevin and Blue go hang out for a while. I’ll do my thing. We’ll meet up here later tonight before everything closes up.” Then he shot up the peace sign and started walking away.
 “But wait! Hold on. I thought we were all hanging out together,” I said, realizing that meant I’d be spending the whole day with Chris . . . alone. I’d enjoyed our time together at the park, and it was nice getting to know him. But he’d only taken me there because he was being courteous. That was the way Chris worked. I was pretty sure he didn’t want to be stuck with me for the rest of the day.
Tre turned around. “Not this time, Chicken Feet. I mean, Chicken Legs. I gotta see this girl and handle some business.” Tre’s ‘business’ meant Francesca, but I wasn’t going to say it out loud and embarrass him. He was still my trainer. 
 “That’s a good idea,” Kevin grabbed Blue by the waist. “We’ll meet up later. This’ll give me and B some quality time.” He high-fived Tre and Chris, and then started heading toward the Magic Show with Blue. She seemed to be enjoying every step of the way. 
Tre talked with the coach some more, then scampered off toward the crowd. “I’ll be right back, Legs. Just hang out with Chris for a while. Keep him company.”
I folded my arms, tapping one foot against the pavement. If this was a set-up to get me alone with Chris, I was going to kill Tre. Not that I was angry to be alone with Chris (again). I just didn’t like it when outside-people (like Tre) took matters into their own hands and forced the situation.
 “Don’t worry. We’ll have fun without them,” Chris said. “Where do you want to go first?”
 “You’re right, Chris. We can have without them,” I finally answered, smiling up at him. “Let’s go to the bumper cars.”
Chapter Fifteen
I made a mental note to keep Chris away from the bumper cars. He smashed into everything, crashed into the walls, and left skid marks and doughnut streaks all over the concrete. He was an utter beast. Not only did he remind me of Fred Flintstone because he was too big for the cart, but he kept jamming into the side of my door like a crazy person. I did give him a run for his money on the water gun race, though. Our toy horses raced to the top as we both sat on benches, squirting away. 
 “Just give up already!” I yelled.
 “I can’t do that, Calise. That would be cheating.”
 “You’re supposed to let me win anyway. It’s my birthday,” I reminded him.
Suddenly the wheel on his side lit up, and a red light started blinking away. 
 “Was I now?” he asked.
I shook my head at him and pretended to storm off. I really didn’t care who won the game; I just wanted to make him think I did. 
“Calise.” He walked beside me, falling into my trap. He held a bag of popcorn and an oversized teddy bear. “Happy birthday.” 
I smiled and grabbed the bear. “Thanks.”
 “If you’re that bummed, you can try and beat me in something else.” 
I sighed and gazed at the many different options. “There.” I pointed to the nearest miniature basketball booth. “Let’s go.” 
From then on, Chris let me beat him in everything. I didn’t necessarily win anything; I still performed like crap. But Chris must’ve cared more about my feelings (and the fact that it was my birthday) more than he did about winning. That really meant a lot. I almost started to feel bad for him until we got to the bull’s eye station and he wasn’t as generous anymore. He stroked every board right on center.
My jaw dropped. “Wait a minute. How’d you just do that?”
He took my hand and guided me in front of him. “Easy. Stand still. Focus your elbow on the bull’s eye. Just shoot.”
 “You make it sound so easy.”
 “Would you like to try it?”
I grabbed a dart from his container. “Heck yeah I’d like to try it.” I took a deep breath and extended my arm in front of me, keeping my elbow aligned with the target. “Alright. Here it goes. Shot of a lifetime.” Both of us watched as the arrow soared across the air and landed right below the target. This couldn’t be for real. I half-expected it to hit the board. A few people started cheering and gave their support as I nearly wiped out the entire stand of stuffed animals, hitting one bull’s eye after another.
 “Thanks for helping me win, Chris,” I confessed, walking back to the van. My arms were bogged down with the animals I’d just conquered. We both carried our prizes across the parking lot. “I love winning.”
He smiled a genuine warm smile that made my spine tingle. “I guess the real question is, is there anything that you can’t do?”
I blushed and turned away. “There are some things I can’t do. But you should see me with a racket. I’m not too shabby with a bat either.”
 “Now that I’d like to see,” he said, pointing his finger at me.
I chuckled and walk ahead. “You will. First things first.”
After we dropped everything off, we approached the bungee jump line. There weren’t a lot of people standing in front of us. No one was rushing to fall off a rope and die. We watched them jump from the crane, which was at least a billion feet in the air. That’s what it looked like from where I was standing. 
Each time someone went up and connected to the black cord, it took them a few minutes to go along with the actual jump. They’d hold onto the bars and stare down for what seemed like an eternity, then they’d get reassurance from the workers before finally letting go. Once they did, their bodies bounced up and down like a rag doll, free to do whatever it wanted. 
Which was the whole point of bungee jumping; letting go. I wanted to feel that way . . . the intense exhilaration of gliding in the air. I’d spent most of my time at raves and after-parties after Dianne died, and I was sort out of the loop of the whole ‘outdoor-adventure’ thing. 
After Chris paid for it, I stood there, taking deep breaths. 
“I’m not afraid of heights. I’m not afraid heights,” I kept repeating. “I can do this.” The last thing I needed was to get up there and freeze in the carrier. Or worse, get up there and ask them to take me back down because the fall was too high. 
I wasn’t necessarily afraid of heights, I’d been riding in airplanes since I was five, but this was a different kind of height that included thrusting my body through the air at an intense speed. I wasn’t sure how I felt about that part. 
I followed the worker into the cart. He’d already tied the equipment around my waist and ankles. There was no turning back. Everyone was watching. Leaning against the gate, I shot him the thumbs sign, letting him know I was going through with it. He didn’t seem to notice, though. As the cart moved up, I stared out from the sides. People grew smaller, crawling around in a whirl of excitement. Even the tents and booths had turned into tiny black dots by the time we reached the flashing white light.
 “I’ll count down from five. Are you ready?” he asked, flinging the gate open.
Stepping onto the edge and holding the bars, I tried not to calculate the distance between the ground and me. That would make this part even more horrifying. So I focused all my attention on the worker and his fingers counting down. “Five, four, three, two, one.” 
Before I knew it, air rushed past and pulled against my face. My voice strangled into the fall, and I couldn’t even scream. All I could do was feel the sharp jolts shooting through my body. The pressure in my head was indescribable stretching out like a large bubble, so big that I thought my brain would explode. 
When the cord yanked me up, I thought it’d be over, but a deep rumbling erupted. For the first time, I screamed, laughed, and cried all at the same time. Great, did I piss my pants, too? I wiped my eyes, relaxing in an upside down position. Lights fluttered all around me and people screamed in the distance. I tried to get a hold of my legs so the guy at the bottom could have an easier job pulling me down. But then, I noticed a figure standing by the trash bins. It didn’t look like anyone I knew, but they were definitely looking in my direction. My eyes fixed into theirs as the cord rocked me slowly, back and forth.
Once my feet hit the ground, I ran straight up to Chris. My hair swirled around my face. “Did you see that?”
“I did. You were great up there.”
“No that’s not what I meant. Did you see the guy standing over there by the trashcans?” I pointed in the direction behind the tents. “He was standing there watching me.”
Chris peered over his shoulder. Of course now the mystery guy was gone, and I just looked like an idiot. “Did he look familiar?”
“No. I’ve never seen him before. But he looked at me like he knew exactly who I was.”
He frowned at this, and saying those words out loud only put me more on-edge.”
*
By that time, I’d worked up another sweet tooth. This was one of the rare times we were allowed to eat enormous amounts of sugar, which didn’t consist of Chris’s fruit bowls or soy pecan ice cream, so I made the most of it. I watched a girl spin fresh cotton candy around a stick. It was warm and thick and fluffy, just how I liked it. 
Nibbling on the last bit of pink sugar, I scanned over the crowd for nothing in particular. Teenagers chewed on hotdogs. A pair of twins cried in a stroller, and people paced in and out of the bathrooms. The image looked normal. But something about this scene didn’t feel right.
 “Are you okay? Here, put this on.” Chris started unfolding the blue sweater he’d been carrying around.
I pulled the wool material over my head, taking in the scent of oranges and spice. “The weather’s so weird here. One minute it’s five hundred degrees outside, the next minute it’s below zero. It’s so dramatic. Oh, and don’t worry, I’m still giving you your sweaters back.” I rested on the rail beside him, folding my arms. “I haven’t forgotten.”
“It doesn’t matter. You can keep them if you want.”
Just then, the fair’s cameraman leaped in front of us, waving his hands at Chris. “Hello! Would you like a picture with the pretty lady?” He was wearing red suspenders, a black and yellow stripe shirt, and a yellow carnival hat that reminded me of Dr. Seuss.
Chris stared at him for a moment, then accepted the offer. Surprisingly enough, we didn’t know how to move around each other. We kept a polite distance so our bodies wouldn’t touch, which was a totally different approach than how we’d been on his motorcycle. The distance between us hadn’t mattered then. Why did it suddenly matter now? 
Finally Chris smiled and leaned in closer, tall and warrior-like, and I stood beside him with my arms to the side.
 “Beautiful.” The cameraman handed me the ticket. He told us where to pick up the picture once the film was developed and framed. After Chris paid him, I slipped the receipt into my pocket. 
 “I hate taking pictures. They make my face look like a water bubble,” I admitted.
 “Your face is fine.” 
However, the wavering itch to throw the ticket away was getting stronger by the second. I could see my water bubblehead now, greatly contrasting his perfectly shaped everything. 
“Party over here!” Tre yelled. 
 My eyes lit up, and I spun around. “Tre!” 
 “Damn, girl, I missed you, too.” He kissed my cheek and sighed. “So this chick was like bangin’, right? Nice and proportioned with curves in all the right places. Know what I mean, coach? She was almost as fine as me. I can’t lie. She almost was.” 
There was nothing new about listening to Tre go on about some random ‘hot chick.’ He was always talking about some girl’s apple bottom on MTV like it was the greatest creation on earth. I didn’t know what girl he was rambling about this time: Francesca, Porscha, or someone new.
 “Are things getting serious with your new lady friend?” I asked.
Tre snorted. “Did hell freeze over? I don’t think so.  But, I might give her a shot, though. She might have some potential. What did ya’ll do while I was gone? Celebrate?” 
 “I guess you can say that. Calise beat me in everything. We had to carry all her winnings back to the van.”
“Ha. You know his ego’s messed up now, right?”
I laughed. “He’s being modest, Tre. He let me beat him in everything. If I did win, it’s because he showed me how.” 
Right on cue, Blue and Kevin walked over to us, holding bags of caramel popcorn (I should’ve gotten that kind instead of the plain). 
 “So what’s next, birthday girl?” Kevin asked, pulling Blue under his arm. “I know you like the fairs and all, but the game starts in an hour, and it needs my undivided attention. How about it?” He checked his cell phone. 
They all looked ready to go, so I nodded. “That’s cool. We can watch the game.”
Chris was the only one who didn’t hear me. He looked up at the moving ship and started making his way to the ticket puller. “Let’s get on this ride first,” he said, pointing to the Lost Pirates ride. I could already see what Blue meant when she said it took a tow truck to get him out of here. The ship was swinging back and forth, and everyone on the ride was screaming like it was the best invention since the roller coaster.
We followed Chris to the back of the line and moved in with the next group, just as the last group of riders stumbled through the exit gate. It was darker now, and I could barely make out the steps leading to another ladder, toward the rear of the ship. It smelled like rusted steel and sweat once we made it to the benches. 
Kevin and Blue sat next to each other, trying to situate the belt across their laps, which didn’t seem to be cooperating. They had to pull the pole down until it released and landed over them. Tre was at the other end of the boat, squished in a corner with a bunch of strangers, rambling about God-knows-what. I swear he could fit in with the best of them. To my right, Chris was relaxed as the rail fell over us. I held the bar in front of me, looking up at the sky.
“Relax. We’re not even in the air yet,” he said. 
My legs still trembled, even when he touched my knee. That was supposed to calm me down, him touching my knee, but it didn’t. In fact, it did the complete opposite. My heart sped. It felt like warm butterflies were swerving in the back of my throat. 
“You just went bungee jumping a hundred and fifty-five feet in the air. What happened to ‘Calise the brave’?” he asked, shooting a smirk that was dark and sexy, but not on purpose. He was right, though. I shouldn’t have been afraid of this ride. I was still coming down from my first adrenaline rush. 
 “I’m here. Just getting focused.” I stared at my feet resting on the steel block. What Chris didn’t know was that my nerves weren’t just coming from my fear of heights, which I could control and had mastered less than an hour ago in a metal crate. It was from being smashed in a box with him.
“Wooot Wooot!” Tre hollered across the way. Just then, the ship tilted, gliding in one gradual motion. 
I closed my eyes and squeezed the bar. “Oh my God.” 
Blue and Kevin yelled their lungs out, kicking their legs. “Here we go! Yyyeaaa. Wooo!”
The ship started gaining speed as the tail end went higher into the air. “Wahhhh!” I screamed, opening my eyes. My arms flapped. Wind struck hard against my face. The momentum juggled us around the bench, and I ended up bumping into Chris, trying to pull away, but the gravitational force was too strong. Our arms smashed together. There was nothing either of us could do about it. His hands sailed in the air as he laughed along with the rest of the group. I only wanted the whole thing to be over with. “Ahhhh!” 
Swoosh
Beneath us, the ground danced. An audience formed and watched us from the sidelines, and I glanced down at the specks of people laughing and pointing their fingers at some of the other rides. Someone was standing near the popcorn stand, looking at me by the ticket gate, and I found myself trying to make out this stranger’s face. That’s when I realized it was the same person who’d been watching me before, when I was dangling from the bungee jump cord. A sharp coolness swept across my neck. 
By this time, the rocking of the ship had slowed, and my screaming had stopped altogether. Whoever this person was following me I was about to find out what they wanted. If they said nothing, I was going to tell them to get a life. There were too many rides and diversions in this place to be going around stalking people. I waited for the ride to come to end before I lifted up the bar and leaped out. 
 “Is everything alright?” 
Staring at the popcorn stand, determined to confront my anonymous pursuer, I ignored the floating question. I wondered if I was seeing things again. I hoped that wasn’t the case; my head felt fine, so I continued hurrying down the steps. 
Chris caught up to me. “Calise?” he called, meeting my eyes. “Is everything alright?”
 “I’m sorry. I got a little dizzy.”
Tre shuffled through the exit gate. “Alright, let’s go, people! Game starts in forty-five minutes.” 
More people followed him, including Blue and Kevin, forcing us down the ladder. We watched them dart straight through the wooden flap labeled ‘depart here,’ and we followed. 
 “That ride was way more than it looked,” I finally said.
Chris didn’t respond. He seemed to be more focused about what was going on inside my head than on my feeble attempt to make conversation. I needed to find the guy who was following me, and if Chris tagged along, he’d only make the stranger more nervous. I had to confront this guy alone.
The pace around us had slowed. Mostly everyone was leaving, heading back toward the parking lot, probably on their way to see the game. Tents were loading up.
“Oh, shoot, we almost forgot the picture.” I pulled out the ticket.
Chris paused and started making his way toward the photo booth. 
 “Wait! You don’t have to come with me. I’ll meet you in front.” 
He shot me a hesitant look. “Are you sure? After what happened earlier?”
 “Really. It’ll be quicker this way. Don’t worry about it.”
Reluctantly, he started heading back to the parking lot. “You have my number,” he reminded, and I smiled reassuringly, watching him pace through the revolving exit gate. His concern was adorable, like any girl’s fantasy bodyguard. But I had to handle this situation solo.
On my way back inside, I kept looking in every direction to find the stalker guy. Even when I returned to the ship ride, I couldn’t find him anywhere. He’d managed to escape. Finally, after a long ten minutes, I gave up and headed over to the picture booth. There weren’t any lines, and I found the cameraman who’d serviced us earlier. He was gathering boxes from behind the stand and closing shop; I made it there just in time. 
 “Hey!” I tapped on the counter, throwing down my ticket.
 “There you are. I’m glad you made it. You don’t ever want to forget a photograph.” He smiled and pulled a box open, skimming through frames. “Where’s your friend?” 
I peered over my shoulder. “He’s bringing the car around.” 
“Oh. He let you walk here alone?” 
 “We’re at a fair,” I responded. “You’re not gonna turn into a monster clown and chase me down with water balloons, are you?”
“I won’t chase you. The picture you took is interesting. I can tell he’s protective of you. See for yourself.” He grabbed the yellow frame from the box and pointed at the picture of Chris hovering beside me. “You mean something to him.”
I almost laughed. “I guess he’s just a nice guy.” 
He stared at me with a telling smile. “There you go. All set.” 
 “Cool. Thanks,” I replied; and yes, my face strongly resembled a water bubble.
 “Take care of yourself.” 
 “You, too.” 
The truth of the matter was, I didn’t know how to respond to that guy and his observation. I mean something to Chris. What was that supposed to mean? He was a nice guy to all of his students. That wasn’t a reason to jump to the conclusion that he was being affectionate towards me. 
Racing back through the benches and dodging empty ice cream cups, I found the van parked in the front of the gate with its headlights on. I didn’t want to give Blue her skirt back with pockets full of garbage, so I paused near the trash bin and threw out candy wrappers and unused tokens, then paced toward the exit. That’s when the low ringing buzzed in my ear, like the hum of complete and absolute silence. 
Voices from the parking lot grew faint. The same feeling of being watched I had in the hallway returned. I turned my head, facing the empty walkway. Loose bottles rolled on the ground and a piercing squeak sounded like a swing going back and forth. Completing my turn, the only thing that stood in front of me was a shadow. His shadow. It was the man who’d been following me all day. I stared at the stranger, trying to define his features in the darkened corner. His shape was tall and narrow. The outline of his hair reached his shoulders. A glimmer of light struck his face, but also concealed it.
 “Hey! What do you want?” I stepped forward.
Confrontation propelled him in the other direction, and he faded around the corner. A couple of employees mingled near the tents, so if anything happened, it was safe enough for me to scream and be heard. With that in mind, I scampered toward the end of the corner and continued my search. 
Bathrooms were along the right wall, alit and flickering. Farther down, it was nothing but a cave of blackness, a dead end. On my way back to the van, I caught a glimpse of the man’s silhouette again. He was watching me in the shadows near the entry’s turnstile, and a dark chuckle escaped his throat, which was more than enough to send me dashing through the exit bar. 
 “Freak,” I mumbled to myself, marching to the van.
 “Hey, girl! Girl with the Ozzy shirt!” someone called out.
I looked around, irritated. Couldn’t this moron see that I was busy? I could barely make him out in the distance, but he was approaching me through the swarm of moving cars. 
 “Hey, wait up!” he said, scurrying across. Looking at him more closely, I realized how incredibly gorgeous he was; grey eyes, boyish smile, and scattered hair. He was wearing an orange t-shirt and flip-flops. That’s when it dawned on me that I was staring at the boy from the shop.
 “Oh. Hey.” 
He looked me over one good time and smiled. “Wow, you look um . . . you look good. It’s me, remember? From the shop.” 
 “Yeah I remember. Look, I’m kind of in a hurry.”
 “No problem,” he said. “Why don’t you give me your number? I can show around sometime, show you parts of town that nobody else will.” 
 “Um, no. That won’t happen. I mean, I can’t.”
 “You can’t, or you don’t want to?”
I looked over his shoulder. The van was still there facing us. I had to get rid of him, and fast. “Look, why don’t you give me your number?”
He smiled largely and pulled out a pen from his pocket. I was about to protest when he started writing his number on my arm, but I couldn’t very well take out my ‘confidential’ cell phone and start loading the numbers there. It didn’t matter where he put it anyway; I was never going to use it. 
 “You still didn’t tell me your name,” he said, putting his pen away. 
 “Calise,” I answered, looking down at the numbers he’d written. He drew a cute smiley face beside his name. “Nice seeing you again, Charlie. I’m sorry, but I have to go now.” 
 “That’s alright, girl. Just don’t be a stranger,” he replied and headed off in the other direction.
The gang was going to kill me. It was already thirty minutes after eight, and the game was about to start in less than half an hour; it was going to take at least that much time to get back to the house. There were too many things crammed up inside this one state fair: a possible stalker, a fun-filled date with Chris, and now, bumping into shop boy. The day started off so perfect, and ended up being plain weird. The door was unlocked when I slid into the passenger’s seat. 
 “Who was that guy?” Tre asked, folding his arms.
 “Just some guy I met.”
 “Where? In the attic?” Blue added, chuckling.
Chris was behind the wheel, and I waved the frame. “I got the picture. We can go now.”
Blue rolled her eyes and checked her watch, completely oblivious to the fact that I’d just been harassed at a public amusement park. As much as I wanted to tell everyone, no one could know what happened. I didn’t want them getting involved and rowed up, at least not until I pulled myself together first.
 “How’s the picture?” Chris asked, backing out the van.
I sighed, showing him the frame. “I told you. My face looks like a water bubble.”
Chris took a quick glance. “It’s not bad.” 
 “Aw, that’s sweet,” Tre said. 
 “Sorry, Tre. I can’t show you this one. My face looks like a water bubble, and I’m not being sarcastic.”
He frowned. “Oh, come on, Legs, it’s not that serious. Let me see it.” 
 “I know it’s not that serious. It’s worse.” 
Truth of the matter was I didn’t look too shabby in the picture. And we didn’t look too shabby in the picture together. But I didn’t want the rest of the group seeing it, reading into our chemistry like the cameraman. I wasn’t ready to face them if they found out how much I adored their coach, and this photo would definitely reveal everything.
“Alright, fine. Keep the picture. All I know . . . if I miss the second half of this game, you better sleep with your eyes open,” Tre warned, turning in his seat. 
I took his warning lightly, resting my head against the window. The man’s shadow kept reappearing in my mind. I remembered him clearly, and the way he watched me through the crowd. What did he want? Pressing my nose against the glass, I stared at Chris’s reflection through the window. As long as he was here, I’d be safe. Chris would protect me from all the stalkers in the world, and the police. Being here with him, I was breaking all the rules. But I didn’t care. Once my position here was final, our union would be set in stone and I’d be untouchable . . . at least I wanted to imagine that was the case. 
Even the cameraman recognized what I was afraid to admit; Chris had an unmistakable care for me. Since that night we met, there was something between us, something indescribable. His eyes admitted it again tonight, even though he tried to pretend like nothing was going on. I knew Chris would never let anything happen to me. 
As though he could hear thoughts, he looked at me through the mirror. Neither of us would turn away, and in that split second, he seized my heart again. There didn’t need to be spoken words for me to know . . . I was his. 
Chapter Sixteen
When I looked outside the window, I saw the others racing toward the house. I must’ve dozed off because I woke up with my head slightly fallen against the seat. Chris was still in the driver’s seat, staring off in deep thought. That’s when I realized the engine was still running. 
“Hey.” I stretched my arms. “I didn’t know we were here.”
He continued staring ahead. Something important must’ve been on his mind. I didn’t want to interrupt, but I needed him to know that I was there for him if he needed someone to talk to.
“Is something wrong?”
My question made him smile, and he turned to me, lifting his hands and cradling my face. The way he studied my eyes made it hard for me to breathe. “Nothing’s wrong,” he whispered.
I was about to say something else and try to pick his brain. I didn’t expect him to capture my mouth with his. When he did, my lips quivered with surprise, and my needy hands clung to him. He carefully savored the edges of my mouth. The kiss was gentle and excruciatingly good. I was left wanting more when he grazed the tip of my chin and pulled back. 
“Get some sleep, love.”
I climbed out and shut the door, dragging my feet toward the front steps, completely baffled by what just happened. Did Chris just really kiss me?
The van’s headlights blinked twice before pulling off, and I stood there, watching him drive away. I didn’t know how to respond to what just happened. Chris wanted me here as much as I wanted to be here.
When I walked inside, the television was on, and the whole house was filled with foul calls and whistles. 
 “What kind of shit play was that?” Kevin bounced on the couch like a ping pong ball. 
All I wanted was to go upstairs and soak in a nice warm bath and think about Chris. After closing the attic door behind me, I dropped to the ground and stared at the ceiling. My heart kicked fast, and I tried to ignore the sensations taking over. I felt like a furnace. The entire time I was with Chris, these raw emotions sprouted. I had this over-boiling desire to have more of him, and the very thought, the very possibility that he might feel the same, was more than I could handle. 
He told me once our relationship would be a professional one. But then he turned around and made a move like this, crossing the forbidden line. 
 “That’s it.” I stalked toward the bathroom and turned on the water, filling the tub with honey and salts. It was time to calm this body down. As water filled the tub, I stared at the accumulating bubbles. Then I peered over my shoulder and walked across the hall to the attic. The framed picture was resting on the center of the bed. Chris was absolutely beautiful in this photo, hovered beside me. He was strong and confident. Usually his expression was heavy, but in this captured moment, his eyes were unchained and easy to look into. 
My gaze wandered over the activity happening around us; the two girls sitting on a curb, the boy caught with his mouth gaped open, then . . . farther behind us, someone was leaning against the wall. I squinted harder to make sure I was seeing correctly. Bumps rose beneath my skin as I stared at the stranger. It was him. The man who’d been stalking me at the fair was also in this photo staring at us. 
My first instinct was to run downstairs and tell Chris, but he wasn’t here. Tre would be annoyed if I pulled him from the game. 
Feeling helpless, I folded Blue’s skirt onto the sink and loosened the rest of my garments. I wasn’t going to play the victim role tonight. I wasn’t in the mood, especially after being kissed by a man like Chris. It’d happened so suddenly, but it was enough to know what was really important: he did care. And if this new stalker was coming after me, I wasn’t going to run. I’d already faced the worst of it. If death was knocking on my door again, if it was inconveniently my time, I wouldn’t be afraid. All I knew was nothing, absolutely nothing, could ruin this moment.
*
 Later that night, I rummaged through my suitcase and went downstairs, slinking through the back door in a cream-colored bikini. The game was over, and it sounded like everyone was upstairs getting ready for bed. The bath I took earlier was a fleeting tease of what I really wanted to do tonight: float, dive, and swim. 
Except for the speakers and a pile of CD disks near the tables, there wasn’t much going on. Smoke rose to the surface of the water, warmth mingling with cold air. Fireflies emitted shades of emerald, and other hidden things hissed beneath them. Trees circled the square pavement, blocking off the rest of the forest.
Dropping the towel from my waist, I didn’t bother to test the water. I dove straight in, and the temperature was just right as I drifted to center. I started outlining the stars with my fingers, leaving the soles of my feet suspended, which made me think of owning a waterbed. Images of the day crossed my mind, which were mostly of Chris, the stalker guy, and shop boy, aka Charlie. Those three things merged together were a lot to process in one night.
Suddenly, underwater, I felt a strange sensation slither up my spine like an electrical charge jerking me forward, and I quickly pulled up. “Hello?” I wiped my eyes, scanning between the pool chairs. They were empty and so were the benches. “Hello?” I let myself complete a full circle. Still, nothing was there. That didn’t stop me from getting out of that pool. As I lifted onto the edge and gazed over the surface, my arms started shaking, and I rubbed them, smoothing over the goose bumps. 
The same feeling I got when we first arrived in the parking lot returned; the thick, heavy sense of someone watching was more intense than ever. There was also something else in the water, too, floating on the surface. Red veins rippled, shooting through the fluid like wild roots. My throat clenched.
It was blood. 
The substance swelled at the center of the pool, and I closed my eyes again. When I reopened them, it was still there, the froth getting larger. Looking back at the house, I nearly swallowed a scream. Chris was standing at his window, staring down at me from his shadowy abode. His bedroom faced the back yard, and I wondered if he saw the blood, too. I’d have to tell him it wasn’t my fault. The pool suddenly turned into a crimson lake. The plasma appeared out of nowhere. But at least I could rest in the fact that he was watching me now. I’d be safe.
I waved to get his attention, but he already turned the other way, his silhouette dissolving into the light. When I turned around, the pool of blood was gone. The whole thing must’ve been a figment of my imagination. The moon’s glare must’ve been playing tricks on me. 
Clasping the patio door shut and locking it, I was unable to shake off my current state of mind, which was mixed with fear and suspicion. Even though the blood wasn’t real, it was too much like my hallucination with the crow. They’d both appeared and disappeared in a matter of moments, and if I confessed this to anyone, they’d just ship off me to the next mental institute. Which was why I couldn’t tell anyone. These visions had to stay secret if I wanted to live here. 
Whatever drove me up the stairwell to the front of Chris’s room caught me off guard. What was I doing? Leaving behind a trail of water droplets to his half-open door, I stared down at my tracks. When I looked up, the rustic, medieval knob stared back at me with an undeniable message to stay away. I wasn’t supposed to be here. The undercurrent, the intuitive nudge, rang loudly, ‘do not enter.’ But after a soft knock, I waited for a reply and slid through the crack. 
 “Chris?” 
The room was dusky with some flickering light. Chris stood in front of his fireplace, staring at the flames. One of his arms rested against the mantelpiece. He was unruffled by my presence, and I wondered what he could’ve been thinking of so deeply. The familiar almond perfume struck a chord and immediately heated the lower parts of my stomach. Candles burned in the four corners of the room. A small gust came through the window as I motioned closer to him. 
I waited for his gaze to turn my way, for him to at least peer over his shoulder in acknowledgement. I was certain he smelled the chlorine on my body or heard my feet crossing the floor. My breathing was deep on purpose. I would’ve called out to him, but I was too busy staring at the back of his shoulder, which was glistening in the flame’s reflection. 
My thoughts scattered in every direction, creating multiple delusions, carrying out various scenarios that all ended with him slamming the door in my face. I suddenly felt like an intruder, crossing some invisible line that he’d drawn earlier. But we’d just had a special moment in the van less than a few hours ago. A kiss had to count for something. And so I was here, in his bedroom, going against the grain and my better judgment. With only a small space between us, my fingers reached out for him. 
He turned and snatched my wrists. “What are you doing?” 
I felt the color flush from my face. “I’m s-sorry.” I pulled my hands from his grip. 
 “You shouldn’t be in here, Calise,” he said and stared back at the burning wood. 
Those words crumbled my heart. I choked and looked around, coiling in humiliation. Sure, he hadn’t given me any signs of interest, other than saving my life, watching me from his bedroom window, letting me ride on the back of his motorcycle, serving me diamond pancakes, taking me to the state fair, letting me beat him in everything, and then kissing me goodnight. “I’m sorry.” I waited for him to say something. 
His jaw was flexed and determined. I had definitely crossed the line. But this was the twenty-first century. If a girl wanted something, she usually went for it. Rejection was obviously the flipside of the coin that I wasn’t prepared for. 
My feet scuffed across the lumber, leaving streaks of water behind. Pulling the door closed, I caught sight of the portrait on his wall again. Crackling fire lashed across her face and materialized the room into something celestial. Her enthralling eyes whispered things that made the marrow of my bones quiver.
 “Why don’t you ever talk about the girl in the portrait?” I asked, loud enough for Chris to hear. 
He didn’t even look at me. “Goodnight, Calise.”
Chapter Seventeen
On the bright side, Chris didn’t send me home right away after our awkward exchange in his bedroom. But I did have a feeling things were going to be weird between us for a while. I really didn’t get his deal. One second he was following his feelings and calling me ‘love’. The next second, he was putting up this annoying wall again, basically insinuating none of that stuff was allowed, and I was the one doing something wrong. Even though he kissed me. And I knew the kiss meant something to him, because all the signs pointed to him wanting me. So his sudden coldness last night was frustrating. He wasn’t being honest, and it wasn’t fair. It didn’t matter, though. I’d already made up my mind to move on to the next best thing. Chris could play those games alone. I was done with it.
On my way to Tre’s room to get my I-pod, I inwardly hoped he hadn’t left for the day. I really missed listening to my music, and he hadn’t even mentioned a word about returning it. He must’ve thought I’d forgotten. 
Turning at the end of the hall, I noticed Blue’s door was halfway open. I would’ve ignored it altogether, remembering the last time I eavesdropped on her and nearly got tackled. But a luminous gleam came from inside, and I backtracked to see where it was coming from. 
Peeking through the cracked door, I saw something glowing at the center of the bed, and I tried to make out the anonymous object. I pushed the door farther, waiting for Blue to come charging out like an angry bull with turbo wings and slam the door in my face.
 Finally, I pushed it all the way open and saw no one else was in room. So I toughened my skin and crept inside. The first thing I noticed was a cute red blouse hanging from an office chair, stationed in front of the desk. There was also a built-in ledge hoisting up a laptop. Pens and markers were stashed inside mugs. There were a collection of books stacked on top of shelves; romance novels and action stories. Framed pictures of people I didn’t recognize sat on the edge of her desk. 
In the bathroom, clothes were scattered in the middle of the floor, along with bundled towels in the sink. I walked back out and found the white carpet complimented the ceiling, which was a dark exotic sapphire. The bedding was made up of four white pillows and two grey comforters, all with signature lining. Everything else was either blue or mingled with black.
A small pile of gems dazzled in the center of the bed, and I started inspecting them, remembering the time when Chris took me to his diamond library in the basement. These were a bit different, though. They were slightly purple in color. 
Some of these had definitely been sprinkled on my pancakes, which meant Blue did contribute something to my birthday gift. This was the proof. 
As I admired the jewels, picking one up, sudden footsteps approached down the hall. They were stumping fast. I had no time to make it out the door. I leaped inside the closet and pulled on the knob. But the damn thing wouldn’t close. Some wretched hanger was in the way, and I cursed under my breath. The last thing I needed was for Blue to find me in her shit. 
The bedroom door flew open and she walked in, snapping the door shut. Crammed under a pool of sweaters and trying to stop a heel from digging into my foot, I couldn’t even breathe the wrong way or it was over. Bags of clothes crinkled at my side as I tried to hold my breath. 
Blue didn’t seem to notice. She crouched down to the floor and started looking for something under the bed. I realized the only thing that was going to save me was if Kevin showed up. He could distract her and lead her out of the room, and then I could tiptoe across to the safe-zone before she found me buried in her closet. 
I watched as she reached farther under the bed, trying to grasp an object that was too far back. Finally, she slid out a large brown duffle bag and plopped it on the bed, unzipping both sides. Burning bright with ideas of escape, I almost missed her leaving. I had to do a double-take before I felt safe enough to creep out and return the jewel. 
Tossing the gem back, I realized her bag was still open. There were clothes and notebooks inside, and a strange bottle sitting on top. The bottle’s title snatched my attention – it was the same bottle my friends used to fool around with when we couldn’t get our hands on something heavy. The label read Morning Glory Seeds, and it was the sort of stuff that got us tripped out at parties, except we used the powder form; these were the capsule form. 
What did Blue need these for? I knew she wasn’t getting high. She was the most focused person in the house, besides Chris. Then I thought about Kevin. Maybe he was on the wire and left them in her bag by accident. But I couldn’t imagine him using either. I opened the cap and dashed a seed onto my palm. It looked like a brown sandy coffee bean, and an exact replica of the vitamins I’d been taking. 
My mouth dropped. “This bitch is crazy.”
I couldn’t even believe what I was seeing. It was one thing for Blue to hate me because I was the new girl; it was another thing for her to take matters into her own hands and practically poison me. If it turned out to be true and she was guilty as charged, her and I were going to have some real serious problems.
After a short thoughtful moment, I grabbed the bottle from Blue’s bag and marched out of the room. She was nowhere to be found in the hallway, so I turned the other way and shuffled down the staircase. I could hear voices coming from the kitchen, and I marched over to the sink, lifting myself onto the counter.
 “Hey, Chicken Legs,” Tre said from the table. 
I barely noticed Chris sitting across from him. “Hey,” I replied, grabbing my bottle of vitamins from the top shelf. When I compared them, there was no denying it. These vitamins I’d been taking were identical to the Morning Glory Seed capsules. 
 “Everything cool?” Tre asked.
 “Uh-huh,” I replied and left the kitchen with both bottles under my arm. There was no point in getting Chris or Tre involved until I knew for a fact what was going on with these vitamins. Turning the corner, I found Blue sitting on the living room couch with her knees curled, watching television. “Hey, Blue, could I talk to you for a sec?”
Her eyes stayed on the screen. “Talk.”
I stood there for a moment, deciding how to approach the situation without coming across as violent. “Did you fill my vitamin bottle with Morning Glory Seeds?” I shook the drug bottle. “These are Morning Glory Seeds.” 
She didn’t budge right away. She didn’t even speak. She wasn’t taking me seriously. But that was fine; I could be serious enough for the both of us. 
“You spiked my vitamins?” I stood in front of the television. 
“And? So what?”
I blinked twice. “Beg your pardon?”
 “You heard me. I gave you something else, and what are going to do about it?” She rested her arms across the sofa. 
“Ok, seriously, you swapped my vitamins with flower poison and now you’re saying ‘so what’?’”
She turned off the screen and looked at me. “Because you shouldn’t be here, Calise. Everybody knows it. You know it. Why don’t you go back home to your rich dad and his new wife where you belong?”
That did it. I moved in front of the table and set down the pills. She had definitely crossed the line. “So if I don’t go home, you’re just going to kill me then?”
 “It doesn’t kill you, idiot. I’m not a murderer.”
 “I know what it does. It trips you out. You see things. Your head spins. This whole time, I thought something was wrong with me,” I admitted hysterically. I couldn’t believe she’d stoop this low. “It’s been your crazy ass. The entire time I was here, you’ve been doping me up with hallucinogens, making me think I was losing my mind. It was all because of you.” 
 “I thought you’d get used to it. I thought you might even start liking it.” 
 “I stopped using drugs a year ago. Your plan to get me out of here by digging up my past, it’s not gonna work. Filling my bottle with dope is illegal.” 
 “About illegal as marijuana.” 
“If you have a problem with me, come say it to my face.” 
What’d I say that for? She stood and marched right in front of my face, our noses barely touching. “You’re a problem, Calise. If I had a zit on my ass, it’d be you.”
Fire ignited in my bones, and a sudden burning sensation spread over my fist. I shoved her hard, and she tumbled backwards. My next move was to run over there, drag her by the hair, and smash her face into the dining room table, but she scrambled to her feet and lunged my way before I could execute. 
 “Whoa, whoa, whoa!” Tre charged between us. “What the hell?”
Blue threw her hands up. “Get her away from me, Tre.” 
 “What’s the problem here?” Chris entered. He turned to us for an explanation, but my nerves were too wired up to answer. Blue wouldn’t look at him either. She stared out the window with one hand on her hip. He gave a long, extended sigh. “You two, in my office.”
*
The night was never going to end. She was actually proud of herself. She didn’t deny it. She didn’t bow her head in shame, and she didn’t apologize. She couldn’t have known for sure if the poison was going to kill me or not. Everyone’s body reacted differently. The chemicals inside those capsules were stronger than pot, and my body could’ve taken it the wrong way. Sure, I’d taken the drugs before and had some memorable experiences, but if she’d given enough to me in a high enough dosage, my brain could’ve exploded . . . my heart could’ve stopped. 
 “Calise, talk to me.” Chris sat on the edge of his desk, leaning forward.
We were in his office, and I suddenly saw him in a new light; he was the principal and we were the rebellious students. There was a wide enough space between Blue and me that we couldn’t reach over and start clawing each other’s eyes out. Our arms were folded, and neither of us would talk. Chris searched my face. I made a strong, strenuous effort to stare at the frames in front of me. 
 “Fine,” Blue cracked the silence. “Like I said before. You know how I feel about her being here. She needs to go home. She doesn’t belong with us. She’s not even officially one of us. We’ve already got a handful of prospects that have spent years training working their asses off, preparing for an opportunity like this one. If I see a weak link on the team, I’m going to do us all a favor.” 
“Is that why you felt the need to attack Calise?”
“I didn’t attack her. She pushed me first. She was asking for it.”
Is that what happened, Calise?” he asked, turning my way. 
No, Chris, I thought. It was because I confronted her about feeding me flower dope. She could’ve killed me. But I didn’t want him or anyone else in this house fighting my battles. 
 “If she doesn’t like the fact I’m here, coach, I don’t know what else to say. I’m not going anywhere,” I affirmed. There was a long pause as my words stung the air. 
Chris lifted from the desk and grabbed his cell. “Both of you should be adult enough to handle your differences. It shouldn’t have led to anything physical. I don’t want that happening again. Is that clear? Now go, get out of here.”
“It’s clear, coach.” Blue went out ahead of me, pacing through the door. 
Chris rolled his head back and stared down at me. “Is this how you finish off your birthday?” 
My face scrunched. “She started it.”
 He lowered his head and smiled.
 “There’s something else I want to talk to you about. That portrait in your room, the one of Jennifer, I can’t help but notice she looks exactly like me.” 
“Yes, she does. Why don’t we take a walk? We can talk about it.”
I nodded and trailed behind him downstairs through the patio door, past the swimming pool.
The confrontation with Blue gave me mixed feelings. For one, I was angry with her because she’d been that desperate to get rid of me. On the other hand, I was relieved knowing there a legit reason for my hallucinations. I hadn’t been crazy after all. I did wonder, though, if that meant my dreams and visions about Jennifer would stop altogether. 
Chris led us to the fork in the road on the right side of the mansion, deeper into the woods. He treaded down the slope. I followed him, keeping a reasonable distance. I did my best not to think about last night. It was better to forget the kiss and the rejection that followed if we were going to still have a professional relationship. There was no reason to bring it up.
The rejection last night was different and more forceful than when he’d taken me to the attic on my first day, or when he took me on the hill and advised me to stay single. On that first day, I was still hopeful his feelings would change. Maybe he’d come around and see what he was missing. Maybe the spark he felt on the first night would possess him again. He clearly felt something, but he also had a consistent reason for denying me. I’d make it easier on him. I’d start denying him too.
I sped up beside him.
 He stared ahead. “She’s hard to forget. Jennifer is. Even when she ran away. You can’t imagine how hard it was finally getting the thing I wanted, then it being snatched away. That’s what happened. I’d finally made her my partner. I’d done the impossible.”
 “What do you mean?”
 “She was the best. She was at the top of our league. She didn’t even need a partner, but she held a competition anyway, for fun, just to see who could win her. And I won. For sixth short months, she was mine,” he admitted. “No one’s ever seen her portrait in my room except for you.” 
I took a deep breath, taking in his words. “Is that a bad thing? Did you want to keep her a secret?”
 “No. She’s not a secret. She’s a memory I don’t talk about. I think you of all people can understand what I mean.”
“You’re right. I don’t talk about my mom either. But that night was an exception. I told you everything about Dianne because I thought we were being honest with one another.”
 “We were. We are. I didn’t want to give you too much information at once. Admitting that I was a thief was more than enough, wasn’t it?”
 “No. It wasn’t enough. If I didn’t mention Jennifer on my own, you probably would’ve never mentioned her at all.”
 “I would’ve told you about her, Calise. It was only a matter of time. You’re new here. You didn’t need to be distracted with my old stories.”
I sighed. “I don’t understand why I’m staying in her room. Why didn’t you answer me when I asked about her last night?”
 “You’re in her room because that’s where you wanted to be,” he replied. “I offered you the choice, but you wanted to stay in the attic. Even if you wanted to be elsewhere, the furnace in the other room doesn’t work. As for the reason I didn’t answer your question last night, well, it was late, and we were both tired.”
 “I came into your room last night because I was scared.”
 “Of what?”
I didn’t want to tell him about the imaginary blood I saw in the pool or the man who’d been watching me at the state fair; no one wanted a wacky nut job on the team. But this time I had to speak up. “Blood. I thought I saw blood in the pool.”
He frowned. “Why didn’t you say anything?”
“It doesn’t matter now. I know it was because Blue was giving me those stupid pills. It was dark outside. The woods scared me, and I thought I heard weird noises. The guy who was following me at the carnival, he was also in the picture we took. That freaked me out.” 
Chris paused. “You should show it to me.”
“I will when we get back. Anyway, when I saw you standing up there, I just wanted some company.”
He sighed thoughtfully. “I didn’t mean to be harsh with you, Calise.  But I’m a professional. I have to be the way I am. It’s my job. I can’t afford the luxury of getting too close to anyone. I want you to know that my concern for you is like a friendship, and I don’t mean for it to seem otherwise.”
“Even though you kissed me.”
He looked down, sighing deeply. “I shouldn’t have taken advantage. It won’t happen again.” 
In a matter of seconds, all of my hopes and dreams were squashed. His words stung even deeper this time, and I couldn’t even respond to him; I just stared out into the woods. There was nothing left to say. He didn’t want me in the same way I wanted him.  
But I could handle rejection. None of this was going to stop me from being the best thief I could possibly be. I didn’t come all this way to quit because Chris had a change of heart. 
“Is Jennifer the reason you work alone? Because of what happened to her?” 
 “Yes,” he finally answered. “I’ll never replace her with anyone.”
My hand brushed against his by accident, and I moved over. “Don’t you get lonely sometimes? Seeing everyone with a partner and not having one?”
He shook his head. “I wouldn’t say I’m lonely. But I like working alone. I can focus better this way.” 
Our path eventually led to the same fork in the road where Missy had tripped out, where the red scarf had blown. Chris strolled over to the creepy monster side, like he did that night I followed him here, and icy ripples tingled up the back of my neck as I watched him tread down the colorless crypt. 
 “Is there something wrong?” He turned to me.
I stood paralyzed, staring at the fictitious trees that still weren’t smiling. My attention darted to the right side where the sunshine beamed and flowers bloomed, then back to the side where the scarf had blown. The feeling of being haunted returned. 
 “I don’t know where we’re going,” I answered. 
He chuckled and guided me along. “That’s alright. I know the way.”
 “But it’s too dark down there. It’s not dark on the other side.” 
 “Trust me,” he said, smiling a smile that didn’t quite reach his eyes. 
I looked at him with a question mark, and followed him at a reasonable distance. He led us down the darkened path, gracefully lifting branches for us as we walked. “How’s your family? Did you get in touch with your dad?” he asked.
 “I talked to him. He sounded miserable when he answered the phone. But I know they’re doing fine.”
“Does he want you to come home?”
I sighed and stared ahead. “Every dad wants his daughter to come home. But I’m eighteen. He’ll get over it.”
“You have someone who cares about you. You shouldn’t be so hard on him. Would you like to go back and see him?” he asked. His question got under my skin. Was he trying to get rid of me? Was he trying to find another reason to send me home, or make it where I’d send myself so he wouldn’t have to feel bad? 
 “You don’t want me here anymore, do you?” I asked plainly. “Is it because of last night?”
 “No. That’s not what I meant.”
 “Then what do you mean? Why would I want to leave?”
 “Because I know your dad cares about you, and I care about you, too.”
That reply was hard to fight. “You didn’t have to live with them in that hell-hole of a prison for two years. Laura’s the devil incarnate. I’m not exaggerating.” The word rolled off my tongue like sour grapes. “I’m staying right here. You can’t talk me out of it. You can’t make me go home. I’ve already passed the pre-course assignment.”
His eyes softened, and he simply nodded. Before I could say anything else, he walked farther ahead and lifted a twig above my head. In front of me was a picturesque lake enveloped in a vast line of willow trees. A shade of bronze overlooked the garden, emitting from the sun. I froze half-hunched beneath the branch. Bright lilies emerged. Water streamed under a cemented bridge, exactly like the one in Jennifer’s sketch. This was also exactly like the dream I had of her standing across the lake.
 “Are you alright?” he asked. 
I nodded. Admiring the beauty, I raised my head to the sky and stretched my arms. The smell of grass and wet earth filled my nostrils as I took an extended whiff, spinning in circles. With my feet planted in the soil, I shut my eyes and let the falling sun consume me. I had to give Jennifer her credit; her sketch was an exceptional mimic of the real thing. The lake really did exist, and it existed on the dark side of the path. 
 “You must come here all the time.” I motioned toward him.
Chris knelt to the ground and chucked a rock across the water. 
“I’d come here to shut the world out,” I went on. “It’s like that sketch in the attic, the one by JE. She must’ve really loved this place.”
 “She did. She spent a lot of time here. I know how much you like that sketch. You needed to see that she was a real person.”
“Is it awkward for you having me here?” I decided to push the envelope.
He peered ahead, sorting out more rocks. “What do you mean?” 
“Do I remind you of her?” 
He met my gaze again with soft eyes. “You do remind me of her, in more ways than one.” 
My brain started ticking, putting the pieces together. “She’s the reason you helped me when you saw me at the operetta. That’s the reason you followed me down the hall. She’s the friend I remind you of. I knew it the first time I saw her picture in your room.” 
He nodded.
“You could’ve taken me to the hospital. But you brought me to your home instead, all because I look like her. Did you think I was her?”
He smiled. “No. I knew you weren’t.”
“You still don’t know what happened to her, do you?” 
Rocks crunched beneath him as he turned to me. “I didn’t want to offend you. That’s why I didn’t tell you before. I didn’t want you to think I only brought you here for that reason.”
“But it is the only reason you brought me here. It was the only reason you followed me. It was because of your obsession with this girl. That’s why you looked at me the way you did. That night at your house, you stared at me like we knew each other because you were imaging I was her. I still don’t know how long you’d been following me. You being there at the operetta, was that even a coincidence?”
“Nothing in life is a coincidence, Calise,” he answered simply.  “I hope you’re not offended by the truth.”
“I’m not offended,” I admitted. “I just don’t want every time you look at me to see someone else.” 
 “I’m not doing that.” 
 “Of course you are,” I cut him off. “I’m staying in her room, and you’re being nice to me because of her. She’s the only reason you saved my life. That’s not fair. I’ve got things that make me who I am, things that make me different. I can’t be myself with you if you’re always seeing some dead girl.” I waited for him to respond, to say something that would make me feel less like an idiot and more like a woman for confronting him. “I don’t want to be her shadow.” 
He stood and walked up to me, standing a space away. “Listen to me. You’re not anybody’s shadow, Calise. Please understand that. When I look at you, I see someone with their own voice, their own mind. I can see everything in you.”
I caught a glimpse of his tortured gaze, the gaze that enraptured me so many nights ago when I was lying on his sofa. He was so sad and broken, looking into my eyes. The moment came back to me, but he’d already moved away, walking towards the woods.
 “We should head back.”
 “You can go. I’m not leaving.” I needed to stay behind and clear my head and try to get over him.
 “You don’t know the way.”
 “That’s alright. I’ll be fine,” I turned away and folded my arms. I didn’t understand what was coming over me. I was this loose cannon about to explode. My emotions were flaring all over the place. One minute he was warm, the next he was cold. Chris was so damn fickle I didn’t know what to do. I watched him head back into the woods, and after he was gone, I reluctantly considered the alternative. If he really did care about his old partner, then maybe it was an honor, not a crime, to be granted access to her room. It wasn’t like he forced me there in the first place; I asked to stay in the attic. I asked to be a part of his life. He’d offered me the other room, but I said no. What was so wrong with being in her room anyway? If he and Jennifer adored each other before, so what? I couldn’t fight her ghost. 
 “Hello, Calise.”
The low husky voice sent a shiver down my neck, and for a moment I stopped breathing. Breathe.
Spinning around, I watched the unexpected guest lean against the tree in a black shirt and slacks. “It’s good to finally meet you, formally. Do you know who I am?” he asked. 
I was so shocked I couldn’t even scream. “You’re the guy who’s been following me.”
 “Yes. I have,” he admitted. The wrinkles on his face gave him away to be at least forty, despite his boyish charm. Though he was dangerously handsome and mature, he could easily be calculated as a social misfit. “I’m here visiting Chris. I wanted to introduce myself.”
 “How do you know Chris?”
He smirked and answered simply, “We work together.”
 “Why didn’t you say something at the fair? You just stood there and followed us.” Like a psycho, I wanted to add.
“I’m here to make you an offer, Calise. Do you know what that means?” 
 “I think so. You must be one of the Guardians.”
“That’s right.” He stepped from the tree, poised and graceful, practically walking on air. His hair was pure black, flowing past his shoulders. “I heard about your assignment in Florida. I heard it went very well. Congratulations.”
“Thanks. But if you’re here visiting Chris, why are you this without him?”
 “I don’t need an audience. I only wanted to formally introduce myself. And now that I have, you can rest on my word. You’re one of us now.” He walked toward me. The outline of his jaw tightened, and his closeness made me uncomfortable, especially when his eyes trailed over my face like he wanted to devour me in one gulp. He must’ve sensed my tension because he turned away. “You’ve been quite the showgirl for someone who’s had such little training. I think you’ll be the perfect addition to my garden,” he said, and there was no more playfulness in his tone. “Join us. That is, unless you want more time to think it over.” 
There wasn’t much to think over. This Guardian fellow said everything I wanted to hear; I was already one of them. “I accept.”
“You’ve made a wise decision. I’m going to give you everything you want, Calise. That’s a promise.” He smirked and then proceeded to leave. “You’ll know who I am soon enough.”  
 “Wait. What’s your name?”
He peered over his shoulder. “Jack.”
Before I knew it, he was gone. I didn’t mean to be rude to Chris’s friend, but I didn’t like the way he talked to me or the way he looked at me. I knew he was probably the ringleader of the Guardians; I could tell by the way he carried himself that he was important. It was part of his job to watch after me and make legitimate offers. But he still gave me the creeps. 
I checked the surrounding trees, making sure there was no sign of him anywhere. This Jack character was really fast on his feet. One minute he was by the tree, the next minute he was standing right in front of me. 
When I was sure he’d left for good, I sat on the edge of the lake and started throwing rocks. I was officially one of them. Soon, I’d be getting the spade tattoo on my arm just like theirs, whether or not I passed this assignment. But the stakes were high, because I still needed to perform well and not get locked up in Arkansas’s state prison. 
Rustling leaves broke my concentration, and I looked over my shoulder as a wandering crow flapped its wings against the water. I stood and moved in closer. The bird froze for a moment, staring at me like it was trying to say something. It’s wings spread largely before fluttering off, high above the tree’s crown, cawing in the wind. What was that all about? 
As if a lightning bulb went off, I remembered the dream . . . 
It’s in the water.
This was exactly where Jennifer had been standing in my dream. My gaze shot straight down to the pile of rocks on the edge of the lake. They were inches beneath the water, and my fingers glided over their smoothness. With a sudden nudge to lift the stone, I pulled one up, cradling the weight. Then I shrieked, dropping the stone. “Oh, my God!” 
I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. I’d stopped taking the pills, so I couldn’t be hallucinating. This wasn’t like any of the visions I’d been having. The statue I picked up was identical to the one resting on the porch it. And it was very real. Examining the crow sculpture further, I found there was a keyhole on the center. 
 “What the . . .?” 
I pulled a sharp pin from my back pocket and started lock-picking the gap. To my disappointment, the lock was stubborn and wouldn’t snap, like it was made especially against lock-picking. So I grabbed the necklace from around my neck where the key dangled and brought it out in front of me. It was the same key I’d found under the statue – the locket key that was too small for a door and too big for a diary. 
Sticking the key into the opening of the crow statue, I discovered it was the perfect fit. And I swear I could hear the waters whisper . . . 
Run.
This time, when I looked at my arm, there was a small shaped spade outlined on my skin. It was the same area I’d been scratching ever since we first pulled into this driveway. The mark wasn’t fully darkened or visible like the others. It was more of a barely noticeable imprint. But there was no denying its shadow.
I now wore the spade tattoo. 

To Be Continued . . .
Spades The Ceremony
