CHAPTER 1

Houston, Texas	
	The quarterback dropped back to pass and sailed the football high into the air. When the ball began its decent, it came down right in the hands of Steve Thompson, a defensive cornerback, who made a perfect interception. He took off running down the field dodging several tacklers along the way, but no one could stop him from making a touchdown. He crossed the goal line holding the ball high in the air and his teammates rushed over and joyfully carry him off the field to the sidelines where his coach was waiting. 	The coach was laughing as he rushed over to Steve and grabbed him in a bear hug. “That’s the best interception I ever saw in my life,” he shouted joyfully. “We’re goin’ to the playoffs!”
		“I was just playin’ like you told me to do, coach,” Steve smiled modestly. He looked up in the stands and everyone in the stadium was laughing, shouting and cheering including his parents, Fred and Tammy, who were hugging each other.
		“That’s our boy,” Fred shouted at Tammy. “That scholarship is all his now!

		Later, after the game, Steve was celebrating the victory with his friend, Billy, and their girlfriends, Beverly and Sue. They were all in Billy’s Camaro, smoking a joint and listening to music while Billy was speeding fast down a street and unknowingly past by a police car. 
	Officers Cox and Beard watch them pass by and Beard took note of their speed on the radar. “Let’s go, they’re doin’ eighty!” Cox put the car into gear and stomped the accelerator taking off after them.
		Billy looked in the rearview mirror and saw that they cops were chasing after them. “The pigs are after us, man!” He dug through the console as he drove on and pitched a large bag of marijuana in Steve’s lap. “Get rid of that shit, man!”
		Steve looked back and could see that the cops were right on their tail. “They’ll see me toss it!” He began to stuff the bag down the front of his pants while Billy watched on.
		“I gotta pull over,” Billy told him after Steve had finished putting the bag in his pants. He slowed down and pulled over to the side of the road before coming to a complete stop. They all watched as Cox and Beard get out of their patrol car and cautiously walk toward them. Billy laughed and rolled down his window. “Watch this, I’ll dazzle ‘em with bullshit,” he told the others.
		Cox could smell the marijuana odor as soon as he leaned down to the window. “May I see your driver’s license and proof of insurance?”
		“Sure,” Billy said pulling out his wallet. He got his license and insurance card out and handed them to Cox. “What seems to be the problem, officer?”
		“You’re kind of flyin’ high tonight, aren’t you, son?” Cox asked as he looked over the license and insurance card to make sure everything was in order. He then handed them to Beard who radioed and 10-28 and a 10-29 on them. 
		“Pardon me?” Billy asked not sure of what the policeman meant.
		“We clocked you doin’ eighty and the smell of marijuana is so strong I could smell it as soon as you rolled down the window.”
		“But we don’t have any marijuana,” Billy quickly told him.
		“Get out of the car, sir,” Cox ordered.

		Fred Thompson was less than happy with his son as they walked out of the police station and toward the car in the parking lot. He was furious at his son who was walking several steps behind him just to avoid being near him. Fred unlocked the car and climbed in under the wheel waiting for Steve to get in on the other side. “I just want to know just what in the hell did you think you were doing? Are you really that stupid? They just booked you on a felony possession charge! What the hell were you thinking?” Steve said nothing which angered Fred even more. “Talk to me, dammit!”
		“Oh, Dad, get off my back! We were just out celebrating the victory over Baytown, that’s all. We smoked a joint and the cops got after us, that’s it, end of story!” Steve took a deep breath and sighed. “Billy had this bag of grass and he told me to get rid of it, so I stuffed it down my pants thinking that we’d never get searched.”
		“Well, you did get searched,” Fred shouted as he started the engine. “Steve, this is one of the stupidest things you’ve ever done and you’ve done some pretty stupid stuff. Your Mother and I have put up with your shit for years and we’re getting damned tired of it!”
		“Yes, sir,” Steve sighed hoping that he would shut up.
		“Busted with somebody else’s dope,” Fred scolded as they drove out of the parking lot. “Son, are you tryin’ to ruin your future? I know I’ve said this a thousand times, but I’ll say it once more, I wish you wouldn’t hang out with Billy. Just look where it’s got you now! There’s not a college in this state that’s gonna give a scholarship to a football player busted for drugs!”
		“Well, maybe I’ll just skip college ball and go straight for the pros. I’ll bet the Texans would want me. Would that make you proud, Daddy? I mean, you always wanted your little boy to play football, but you know what? I don’t give a fuck about it!”

	The coach was sitting at his desk looking over some papers when Steve came in his office and sat down in the chair in front of him. “You wanted to see me, Coach?”
	The coached looked over at Steve and sighed. He shook his head and ran his fingers through his hair. “I can’t have any of my players busted for dope. Everybody in the district is laughin’ at us now. Now, I’m sure that you’ve got one hell of a story to tell me, but do you know what? I don’t want to hear it.” He sat there for a moment looking Steve over. “You know what all this means, don’t you? It means that you’re off the team.”
		Steve’s face turned bright red and his lips started to tremble. “Off the team?” he asked with his temper rising.
		The coach nodded yes.
		“Come on, Coach, can’t you give me another chance? I’m the best defensive player you’ve got!”
		“You let me down, Steve. Not only did you let me down, you let the team and the school down.” He took a deep breath and sighed. “You had lots of potential. They way you were playin’ this year would’ve gotten you a scholarship to any school in this state and you threw it all away just to smoke some dope!” He took a deep sigh one more time looking at Steve. “Now, get the hell out of my office. I don’t even wanna look at you!”
		Steve slowly got up and walked to the door. He hesitated there for a moment and looked at the coach as if there was he wanted to say, but he walked out the door without another word.

		Steve stopped his Mustang in front of Beverly’s house and got out. He walked to the door and rang the doorbell. Beverly answered the door with a surprised look on her face and smiled nervously. “What are you doin’ here? I thought you were grounded.”
		“I am and I’m also kicked off the football team and expelled from school,” he said as if he were proud of it.
		“I’m expelled too,” she nervously laughed. “My parents just about had a cow over this.”
		“You know what I say? I say, fuck ‘em! I don’t care how long they keep me out of school and I don’t care how long my parents ground me. My old man can’t keep me at home and he knows it!” He pulled a joint out of his shirt pocket and held it out for Beverly to take.
		She refused to take the joint as she cautiously stepped out on the porch with him looking both ways down the street as if she expected someone to drive up at any time. “I’d like to party with you, Steve, but my Dad is gonna be home in a couple of minutes and he’ll be madder than hell if you’re here. Both of my parents are plenty pissed about us all getting busted and my Dad told me that I can’t see you anymore.”
		Steve’s face turned red when he heard the news. “That son of a bitch,” he shouted. “Don’t he know that we’ll see each other any fuckin’ time that we want to?” He shook his head. “I’ll kick his fuckin’ old ass if he fucks with me!”
		She did not care to hear his rants. “Steve, please go! Let’s don’t get into any more trouble than we already are. Go home, please!”
		Steve thought for a moment with his face glowing red from anger. “Well, fuck you and your Daddy, bitch!” He quickly turned and walked back to his car. Beverly stood there on the porch for a moment watching him confused at his behavior and then went back inside the house.

		Fred and Tammy were having dinner with their other children, Carl, Keith and Holly. Steve was the oldest at seventeen, Carl was fifteen, Keith was thirteen and Holly was ten. While they were eating, Steve came barging in through the front door. “Son,” Fred began, but Steve cut him off.
		“I know, I know, I’m grounded, but I had to go out and do a few things and see a few people,” Steve said quickly.
		“So what you’re trying to tell us is that you were out looking for a joint?” Keith asked snidely.
		Carl laughed and the remark angered Steve. “Fuck you, you little prick!”
		“Dammit, Steve, watch your filthy mouth in front of your Mother and sister,” Fred angrily reprimanded. “I will not have that kind of vile talk in this house!”
		“Steve, what on earth makes you say things like that?” Tammy asked her son. 
		Steve just looked at her and coolly shrugged his shoulders.
		“Get upstairs to your room. Your Mother will bring you a plate when the family finishes eating.”
		Steve just stood there giving him a go to hell look before slowly turning and walking up the stairs.
		“For the life of me, I can’t figure out what’s in that boy’s head,” Fred told the rest of the family once Steve was in his room.
		After dinner, Tammy came upstairs carrying a plate and knocked on Steve’s door. “Steve, is it alright if I come in? I brought you some dinner.”
		“Sure, I’m just in here jackin’ off,” he laughed from inside his room.
		Tammy opened the door and found him lying on his bed watching TV. “I hope you like it. It’s a new recipe.”
		Steve just laid there never taking his eyes off of the TV. “Sit it over there. Maybe, I’ll eat it later.”
		“Aren’t you hungry, dear?”
		“No, I’m not hungry.”
		“Well, you need to eat.”
	Steve finally looked over at her. “What for, so I can become a fat pig like you?”
		Tammy stood there looking at him with her feelings hurt. “Steve, why do you act this way? You act like you hate your whole family.”
		“Maybe, I do,” he said and turned back to watch his TV.
		With tears rolling down her cheeks, Tammy shook her head and walked out of the room.
		Keith was in his room busily playing a video game on his PS3 when Steve suddenly walked in. Keith glanced over at him and continued on with his game as Steve walked over to him and grabbed the controller out of his hands. “What kind of crack was that at dinner when I came home?”
		“Nothing,” Keith answered nervously. He had faced the wrath of Steve many times before. “I was just kiddin’ around.”
		Steve threw the controller back at him hitting him in the forehead. “I didn’t think it was funny, asshole! I’m in enough trouble already without your little wise ass remarks, so keep your fuckin’ mouth shut!”
		“Okay,” Keith said rubbing his forehead with tears in his eyes.
		Steve walked out of Keith’s room, down the hall back to his own room where he found Fred waiting there for him. 
		“Where’s you car keys?” Fred asked him.
		Steve shrugged his shoulders. “I don’t know.”
		“Don’t lie to me, son, just give me the keys.”
		“What for?”
		I bought you that damned car thinking it would help bring you out of whatever your problem is, but now I see that it’s only adding to your problems,” Fred explained. “I’m taking the car back because you don’t deserve it.!” He stopped for a moment and sighed. “I don’t know what you’re going through, son, but I’ve bent over backwards trying to please you and I’m damned tired of it. You just don’t give a damned about what your Mother and I tell you, you just do whatever the hell you want to do and to hell with everybody else.”
		Steve pulled the keys from his pants pocket and threw them at Fred. “Stick ‘em up your ass!”
		Furious, Fred rushed over and slapped his son hard across the face. “You’re not going to talk to me and your Mother like that! She’s downstairs crying because of what you said to her when she brought your dinner up here. And, you’re going to act decent around your brothers and sister too or you’re gonna get out of this house. Do you understand, Steve? I’ll not have it!” He took a deep breath trying to regain his composure. “It’s your fault and not our’s that you got kicked off the football team and expelled from school, so there’s no reason for you to treat us all like shit! Now, if you’ll work with me, son, I’ll get you back in school and I’ll hire the best lawyers I can find to represent you when your trial comes around, but you’re gonna have to work with me, son. Agreed?”
		Steve stared at him for a moment and nodded his head knowing that was exactly what Fred wanted him to do. “I’m sorry, Dad.”
		“Now, go apologize to your Mother for the way you’ve been acting.”
		Steve forced a fake smile at him and walked to the door.


  CHAPTER 2

	There was something that Fred wanted to tell the family as they settled down at the dining room table for dinner. It was news that he was rather excited about. “I have some great news for all of you tonight,” he said smiling. “The oil company is sending us to Saudi Arabia for a few months.”
		All of the kids were excited except for Steve who was visibly upset as he slammed his fork down on the table. “I’m just two months from graduating high school!”
		“Don’t worry, Steve, I’ve taken care of everything,” Fred told him hoping to calm him down. “I can’t take you out of the country while you’re on felony probation so I made arrangements for you to live with your Aunt Betty and you can finish out the rest of your school year there in Sonora. I thought you might consider going on to Angelo State University after your graduate.”
		Steve looked over at him as if he had lost his mind. As usual, his face had turned red from anger. “That’s all the way out in West Texas! What the fuck am I gonna do out there?” He scooted his chair back so he could get up from the table. “This is fuckin’ typical, the fuckin’ oil company sending you off somewhere just a few months before I get out of high school and I’ll bet you didn’t say a damned thing about it. Did you? You gutless wonder! I’ll bet you just said, “oh, yes, sir, I’ll move my family to Saudi, get let me go home and pack!” He quickly got up from the table and stormed out of the dining room. The rest of the family just sat there looking at each other for a moment wondering if there was going to be more of his outburst.
		“He’ll be alright after he warms up to the idea,” Fred reassured them. “I’m afraid that he doesn’t have any choice.”
		“So, when do we leave, Dad?” asked Holly.
		Fred cleared his throat. “Three weeks.”
		Tammy forced a smile, she was not particularly excited about going to Saudi, but she would support her husband’s decision.
		“I can’t wait to get over there with all of them rag heads,” Keith said.
		“A friend of mine calls them sandniggers,” Carl added and quickly saw that his Mother disapproved of the word and so he thought that he had better explain himself. “Well, my friend’s brother is in the army over in Iraq and he says that’s what they call ‘em over there.”
		The sounds of Steve coming back down the stairs ended the conversation. They all watch as he headed for the front door. “Where do you think you’re going?” Fred asked him.
		“None of your fuckin’ business,” Steve answered as he opened the door and slammed it on his way out.
		“Boy, he’s an asshole,” Keith told his Dad.
		“Watch your language at the table,” Fred corrected him. “There’s no need for all of us to talk dirty just because Steve does.”

	 	Steve and Billy were riding around in Billy’s car listening to music and smoking a joint. “My old man is such an asshole, I hate that son of a bitch and the dog that he’s married to,” Steve vented to his friend. “If he thinks I’m gonna go out to West Texas to live while the rest of them go to Saudi, he’s got another thing comin’! I ain’t goin’ out to that cowshit place. No fuckin’ way!”
		“Parents are such a drag, man. If my old man and lady wasn’t such shit for brains, I’d let you stay at my house, but I know if I even fuckin’ mention it, they would freak the fuck out,” Billy told him. “As soon as I graduate, I’m gonna get me a job and live out on my own and do whatever the hell I want to for the rest of my fuckin’ life.”
		“I heard that and when I do get on my own, I’m gonna tell my parents fuck you and I don’t ever wanna see your fuckin’ ugly faces again,” Steve said.

		Fred opened the door to Steve’s bedroom before he went to work the next morning and found Steve still asleep. “I need to talk with you, Steve, wake up” He waited for Steve to wake and sit up in bed. “I waited up for you last night, but fell asleep before you got in.” Steve sat in the bed rubbing his face and then looked over at him. “I hope that you’re not too upset about having to go out to West Texas, I can think of no other solution. This will just work out better for all of us. I’d like to take you with us to Saudi Arabia, but the probation people just wouldn’t have it. I was lucky to persuade them to let you go to Sonora, but when you get there, you’ll have to report in to the probation people there. They said that they would take care of the paperwork.”
		“I ain’t goin’ to Aunt Betty house,” Steve protested.
		“Steve, it will just be for a few weeks until you graduate. Then you can do what you want to. Why don’t you try Angelo State out? I hear they have a pretty good football team. You could try out for the team.”
		Steve gave him a cold, hard, look. “Fuck football, I don’t ever wanna play again. That’s your dream, not mine.”
		“Well, what would you like to do, son?”
		Steve sighed, but did not reply.
		“You have no plans. Am I right?”
		Steve looked up at him. “You’re right, you’re always right, Daddy,” he said sarcastically.
		“I’ll be at school this afternoon to make arrangements for your transfer. Meet me at the principal’s office at three,” Fred instructed.
		“Whatever,” Steve rolled his eyes and laid back down.

		Fred and Steve are sitting inside Principal Lewinski’s office talking about the transfer and Steve’s future. It was all about Steve, but he was not participating other than just listening. He acted bored and as if he could not care less. 
		“Oh, the problem has never been about Steve’s grades, his scores are consistently good,” Lewinski told Fred. “I find that his main problem, as far as my dealings with him, is his attitude. He seems to have a devil may care outlook on life.” He looked over at Steve who sighed and looked away.
		“His Mother and I hope that he’ll grow out of the phase that he’s going through right now,” Fred told him and smiled over at his son. “Maybe this little trip out to West Texas will be just what the doctor ordered.”
		“I hope you’re right about that,” Lewinski smiled at him. He stood up to shake Fred’s hand. “Good luck to the both of you.”
		“Thank you, sir.”
		Lewinski extended his hand to shake with Steve, but he just looked at him and turned away. His actions embarrassed Fred and he turned to follow him out of the principal’s office. He stopped at the door and turned to Lewinski forcing a smile on his face. “Once again, thank you, sir” He walked out and closed the door behind him.
		Fred hurried to catch up with Steve who was walking down the hall. “Just what was that in there, Steve? Why wouldn’t you shake that man’s hand?”
		“He’s a prick and I didn’t wanna shake his hand,” Steve answered indifferently.
		“And I suppose that you’re not?”
		Steve shrugged his shoulders.
		“Steve, your Mother and I have done everything on God’s green earth for you trying to please you. You’ve always had the best of everything. I make good money and you’ve always had good clothes, the latest toys, beautiful houses to live in, but this is where the gravy train stops, son. I’m sending you out to Aunt Betty’s with five hundred dollars for you to live on for the next few months and then after that, you’re on your own. You can go out and get a job and a place of your own because I am through giving you the shirt off of my back. If you want help, you’re gonna have to make an effort. You’re going to have to enroll in college and work part time. You’re gonna have to show me that you care about something. For once in your life, you’re gonna have to show me that you care! You’re gonna have to try and make an effort!”
		They walked out the front doors of the school and toward the parking lot. “And I’ve got some more news for you, Steve. I’m selling the Mustang before I leave.”
		Steve stopped in his tracks angry at his Father. “Hey, that’s my fuckin’ car!”
		“Wrong, son, it’s my fuckin’ car. I bought and paid for it and I’ll do what I want with it and what I want is to sell it!”
		“Well, how am I supposed to get around?” Steve shouted at him.
		“I’ll buy you a bus ticket to Sonora and from there, you’ll either have to walk or get a ride from somebody,” Fred told him. “You’ll have to find a job so you can buy a car.”
		“Well, thank you, Daddy,” Steve mocked him.
		“Like I said, son. The gravy train is over.”




CHAPTER 3

SONORA, TEXAS
		Aunt Betty, was an attractive woman in his mid fifties, widowed for five years and lived alone since. She was a lonely woman and eagerly accepted when Fred called with his idea of Steve coming to stay with for a couple of months. She waited at the bus station until she saw the bus arrive and got out of her car to greet her new guest. She watched as the passengers got off the bus and it took her a moment to recognize Steve, but when she did, she rushed over to greet him. “Steve?’ she asked uncertain of herself.
		“That’s me,” he smiled at her.
		She laughed and threw her arms around him. “How you’ve grown! I didn’t even know you when I first saw you!” She took him by the hand and led him to her car. 
		“I’m sorry for the inconvenience and I promise that I’ll be gone as soon as I graduate,” he told as they got in the car.
		“I’m glad to have you, Steve,” she said getting in the car. “I didn’t hesitate one bit telling your Daddy to send you on out here.”
		“I promise that I won’t be any trouble,” he told her.
		“I know you won’t be. Besides, it’ll be nice to have someone around the house to talk to,” she said as they pulled out on the street to go home. “It’s been pretty quiet around here since your Uncle Frank died.”

		Steve carried his bag inside and followed Betty down the hall. She stopped and pointed inside a bedroom. “This will be your room. I want you to get in there and make yourself at home.”
		“Thanks,” he said as he stepped inside the room.
	“I’ll give you awhile to get settled in,” she told him. “If you need anything, I’ll be in the last room down the hall.”
		Steve looked around his new room. It was not as nice as he was used to at home, but it would do. The house looked like it was built back in the Fifties and Betty kept in dark in there. All the drapes and blinds were shut tight; there was hardly any sunlight anywhere in the house. He unpacked his bags and hung his clothes in the closet. He was not able to bring many of his possessions with him, but he did manage to take Carl’s PSP without him noticing. He sat down on the bed and turned the game on. The next thing he knew, Betty was calling him for dinner.
		“Your Daddy always was a workaholic,” she told him as they ate. “Even when we were kids he stayed busy all the time. If he wasn’t doing his homework, he was outside playing, but oh, no, he never called it playing. I think it was because you can associate fun with playing.”
		“He’s still the same way,” Steve said. “He lives to work. We normally don’t see him at all until it’s time for dinner. He expects the family to be at the dinner table and eat together every night. And Mom, she never did do anything other than be a housewife.”
		“Why should she?’ Betty asked. “Fred always made more than enough money with the oil company. Of course, who am I to talk? I haven’t lifted a finger since Frank died.” She stopped talking for a moment and watched Steve finish his meal. “Why don’t you take my car and go out for a little drive around town while I clean up the kitchen? The kids here all run up and down the streets looking for something to do. Who knows? You might meet some of them.”
		Steve took her up on her generosity and after an hour later, he was still driving around town trying to find a good radio station. There was not any and so he turned the radio off and continued driving around on the almost deserted streets. He shook his head. “This is just a great place,” he said to himself. “I fuckin’ hate it!”

		Bored with life in West Texas and homesick for Houston, Steve came home from school to find Betty’s house even darker than she usually kept it. He had to stand by the door for a few minutes after walking outside in the sunshine for his eyes to adjust to the dimly lit room. Betty was sitting on the couch smoking a cigarette, listening to music and having a mixed drink. “How about a little after school drink?” she asked smiling.
		Steve walked in and sat his books down of the coffee table. “Sure,” he said sitting down on the couch with her.
		“Is rum and Coke okay?”
		He nodded as he looked around the dark living room. Betty poured his drink and handed it over to him. “What’s the occasion?”
		“There’s no occasion, I just felt like having a little party,” she answered. “Your Father told me that you’re no stranger to parties.”
		“Well, I have been to known to party a few times,” he smiled.
		“Are you much of a boozehound? I mean, I don’t want to force you into something that you don’t want to do.”
	“Don’t worry about me,” Steve said and then gulped down all of his drink. He handed it back to Betty who fixed him another one. She smiled as he handed him the drink.
		“May I be blunt?” she asked as she sat down close to him.
		“Sure.”
		“You’re sure a good looking boy and someday, you’ll make a damned fine looking man,” she smiled. “I’ve just got to ask you this question. Have you ever considered having sex with an older woman?”
		Her question surprised Steve. “You mean you? But you’re my aunt!”
	Betty laughed and leaned over rubbing his muscular chest. “I’m not asking you to marry me so I can have your children. I just thought that since it’s just me and you living here that we might figure out a little something to do for a little entertainment.” She slid her hand up his thigh and began to rub his crotch area. She moved in to kiss him, but he turned away.
		“This is freakin’ me out,” he laughed nervously.
		“Okay, well, we just won’t kiss.”
		Minutes later, they were in Betty’s bedroom having sex. Steve does not last long; he pounded his way to a quick orgasm and rolled off Betty leaving her unsatisfied. “That was good, baby, but I can see that I’m gonna have to give you some lessons on how to please a lady.”

		Steve was in study hall watching a girl named Patty who noticed him looking at her and smiled at him. It took a few minutes of looking back and forth at each other before he worked the nerve to talk to her. “So, what’s your last name Patty, Cake?
		Patty laughed and looked around for the teacher. “It’s Woods, Patty Woods.”
		“So, do you wanna get a Coke or something after school?”
		“Sure.”
		The teacher heard them talking and looked up. “People, I remind you that there is no talking allowed in here.”
		Luckily, Patty had a car. She drove Steve over to the local Sonic and ordered drinks. “So, how long have you lived here?” he asked.
		“Forever.”
		“That’s a real drag. This is the most boring place I’ve ever been to in my life. I’m outta here as soon as I can get back to Houston.”
		“Well, there’s fun to be had around here. You just gotta know where to look,” she told him.
		He laughed. “Yeah, right!”
		“No, really!”
		“Hey, my Aunt has taken me through the caverns already,” he grinned.
		“San Angelo has a lot of things to do and it’s less than an hour away and then there’s Del Rio. Have you ever been into Old Mexico?” she asked and then suddenly laughed. “It’s a trip!”
		“Okay, you’re hired. You can be my official tour guide while I’m here,” he teased smiling.

	Patty was a nice girl and she made Steve’s stay in Sonora more enjoyable. His resentment toward his family faded a great deal over the next few weeks and he was beginning to feel like a regular guy which was something new for him because as far back as he could remember, he had never felt like a regular guy. A regular guy except for the fact that he was sleeping with his fifty five year old aunt on a daily basis.
	Graduation day finally rolled around. Steve felt like he had accomplished something in his life as he walked forward the night of the ceremony and got his diploma while Aunt Betty sat proudly in the audience.

	Aunt Betty was awakened on that graduation night by a bump and a crash that came from Steve’s room. Curious, she got out of bed and went to investigate. She slowly made her way down the hall to Steve’s room. The closer she got to his bedroom door the more apparent it became to her that he was inside having sex with someone. She stood at the door listening while feelings of a jealous rage swelled up inside of her. She suddenly opened the door to find Steve and Patty in bed having sex. She was furious as the two of them looked at her with the look of total surprise on their faces. “Get that little tramp out of my house,” she screamed at Steve.
	Steve reached behind them and pulled the sheet over their bodies. He was visibly upset and embarrassed with his face turning that familiar red color. “Don’t you ever knock?” 
	“I don’t have to knock, this is my house. The both of you get your clothes on and get the hell out,” she shouted hysterically. “The very idea of this,” she scolded Steve. “I take you into my house and treat you like royalty and this is how you repay me? If sex was all you wanted, all you had to do was come to my room!” She looked over at Patty who was still lying on the bed covered with the sheet. “Did Steve tell you that he and I were lovers?” She suddenly laughed. “I taught him everything he knows!”
	“Shut up, you old bitch,” he screamed at her.
	“So, I’m an old bitch now, am I?” she asked. “You didn’t seem to think was last night when I was giving you a blow job for an early graduation present!”
	Patty had heard enough, she wrapped the sheet around her and got out of the bed. “You people are sick,” she shouted at the both of them. “You’ve been screwin’ your own aunt?” she asked Steve with tears rolling down her face.
	“I can explain,” he told her. “It didn’t mean anything!”
	Betty rushed over and slapping him over and over again about the head, face and shoulders. “I’ve cooked for you, I’ve cleaned up after you, I’ve done your laundry, I’ve fucked you and sucked your dick and this is how you repay me?” 
	“Shut up,” Steve shouted pushing her away, but she continued to try and hit him.
	“I’ve even let you have my car so you would have something to drive this little bitch around in!”
	“Shut up!” He pushed her back as hard as he could and she almost fell, but she came right back at him.
	“I want you out of my house! Get your things and get out!”
	Steve lost control and slapped her. “I’m not goin’ nowhere until I’m ready,” he shouted.
	Patty had gotten dressed while they were fighting and started walking out of the room to leave. “I’m getting out of here.”
	Steve suddenly grabbed her and pushed her back against the wall. “Nobody’s goin’ anywhere!”
	Patty had never seen him like this before. His face was beet red and his hands were trembling.
	Aunt Betty was even more furious at Steve for hitting her. “You stupid little shit, get out or I’ll call the cops!”
	Steve lunged toward her and started slapping her over and over again. She tried to run away, but he chased after her in the hall and when he caught her, he beat her all the way to her bedroom.
	Patty quietly stepped out in the hall. She could hear Betty crying and begging him to stop hitting her. “Oh, please stop, Steve! Please don’t hit me anymore!” Patty ran down the hall and out of the house.

	Steve was in Betty’s car waiting in line in Acuna, Mexico at the border crossing waiting to get back into Del Rio. A border guard looked the car over as he pulled into her check station. “Do you have anything to declare?” he asked Steve as he rolled his window down.
	“Nope, all I’m bringin’ back is some sexually transmitted disease,” Steve joked.
	The border guard failed to see the humor and did not crack a smile. He pointed to a parking area. “Pull your car over there,” he ordered.
	“What for?” Steve asked.
	“Please do as you’re told, sir.”
	Steve shook his head and pulled the car into the parking area. The border guard kept a close eye on him and called his supervisor on his radio. “Sir, I think I’ve found that stolen vehicle that we saw the bulletin on.”

	It was visiting day at the Sutton County jail and Steve was lying on his bunk reading a book when he heard someone walk up to his cell. It was Aunt Betty. The bruises on her face were still visible and her eyes were still blackened from Steve’s beating. 
	He smiled and sat up on his bunk. “Hey, Auntie, I’m glad you came to see me.” He stood up and walked over to the bars. “I’m sorry, I really am. I didn’t mean to do it. I just lost control,” he said thinking that if he were really nice that she would drop the charges against him.
	Betty looked at him with pity on her face. “I just had to come down here and see you one last time even if it was against my attorney’s advice. I owe that much to your Father. I’m going to leave you fifty dollars downstairs so you can buy whatever you need in here from the commissary. The jailer downstairs told me that there’s no telling how long you would be in here if you don’t plead guilty and this thing goes to trial. So, maybe, those fifty dollars will tide you over until then. This is the last time that I’ll be seeing you, so please, don’t call or write.”
	Steve looked at her for a moment and started forcing himself to cry thinking that it would play on her sympathy. “You mean you’re not going to drop the charges? They got me on a class A assault and unauthorized use of a motor vehicle. They’re gonna send me to the pen if you don’t drop the charges.”
	“I’m sorry, I can’t do that.”
	“Why?”
	She looked at him as if she could not believe what she was hearing. “Because you beat the hell out of me, stole my money and my car and took off to Mexico,” she said with her voice rising from anger.
	“I’m sorry,” he cried. “Come on, give me a break!”
	“I’ve already given you all the breaks that I’m goin’ to,” she said shaking her head. “You got yourself into this mess; you’re going to have to get yourself out. I’ve already written your Father and told him what happened. I’m waiting to hear back from him.”
	“I’ll bet that you left out the part about you fuckin’ me, huh?”
	She nodded. “Yes, I thought that it would be best if you told him that part yourself.” She turned and started walking away. “Goodbye, Steve.”
	“Aunt Betty, please drop the charges,” he called out after her. “You bitch,” he shouted when there was no response. 
	
	
CHAPTER 4 

Walls Unit
Huntsville, Texas
	With a guard at his side, the buzzer sounded the cell door opened and Steve stepped into his cell for the first time. The guard walked away as soon as the cell door slammed shut again and Steve was left alone with his new cellmate, Willie Wells. Willie was a slender convict with absolutely no hair on the top of his head. He was sitting on his bunk reading a letter and looked up and smiled when Steve walked in. “Hey, it’s about time these sons of bitches got me a new roommate!” He got up to step over shake hands with Steve and then stepped back to his bunk. “What have they got you in here for?” he asked as he sat back down.
		“I stole a car and beat somebody up,” Steve answered.
		“So, you’re a bad ass, huh? 
	“What are you in for?” Steve asked.
		“Hell, this son of a bitch is my second home. I love it here! This is my third trip. This time, it was cattle rustlin’. This son of a bitch called me and asked me to haul some cattle to the market for him and I did,” he laughed. “I just had the check made out in my name instead of his, that’s all.” He leaned over and reached under his pillow pulling out a Polaroid snapshot. He handed it to Steve to look at. It was a picture of an ugly, nude woman pleasuring herself with a dildo. “That’s my old lady,” he said. “Would you want a date with her?”
		Steve shook his head no and handed the snapshot back to him.
	“Hell, I don’t want a date with that bitch either,” laughed Willie. “Livin’ with her makes me glad that I came back down here to this damned place!”
	
	Prison life was not as bad as Steve thought it would be. It was too structured for him, but he adjusted. He stayed away from the gangs and different groups and minded his own business. He did not want anything or anyone to interfere with his plans of getting an early release, so he tried his best to be a model inmate. He went to work in the laundry and was doing a fine job there. For the first time in his life, he enjoyed working mainly because it was something to do to break the monotony of prison life.
	Steve pushed his basket full of freshly laundered blankets into the supply room where two other inmates, Hank and Robbie were working. “Here’s your blankets,” Steve smiled trying to be friendly.
	Hank looked up at him. “Well, you know where they go, bitch!”
	“I wish you guys wouldn’t call me that,” Steve said.
	“Well, what are you gonna do about it, bitch?” Hank asked glaring at him.
	Steve stood there with his face turning red from anger and humiliation, but did not say a word. He was afraid of these two big guys. He had heard rumors that they were homosexual as well as just plain mean.
	Robbie looked over at him. “What’s the matter, bitch? Are you thinking about kickin’ our asses or something?” He watched Steve closely. “You look like a prime piece of ass to me. All young and muscled up, I’ll bet you got a tight little asshole.”
	“Get back there and put up those blankets,” Hank shouted at Steve. “You know good and damned well where they go!”
	Steve stood there a moment longer and then quickly pushed his buggy by them and went back to the blanket room and began stacking them there. Hank and Robbie followed after him and watched the whole time he was working. “I just wanna do my job,” Steve told them as he stacked the last of the blankets. “I don’t want no trouble.”
	Hank and Robbie glanced over at each other and smiled and then back to Steve. It was a perfect time to take advantage of him since they were all alone in the blanket room with no supervision. “How about some of that little ass of your’s?” Robbie asked Steve.
	Steve shook his head no and attempted to push his empty buggy past them. Hank suddenly grabbed him around the arms in a bear hug as he walked by and Robbie hit him several times in the abdomen. Hank then body slammed him hard down on the concrete floor and Robbie kicked him several times. “How does that feel, bitch?” he shouted as he kicked him.
	Hank started tearing at Steve’s clothes trying to pill his pants down, Steve was trying to fight back, but both of them were beating him and they continued to beat on his until they beat him into submission. Both men raped him and when they were finished with him, they left him lying on the floor beaten, bruised and crying.
	Later, that night, Steve was back in his cell telling Willie what had happened to him that day. Willie knew exactly what he was going through; he had been raped several times over the years in his frequent visits to the pen. “One thing about life in this place is the fact that you’re gonna have to give up the booty sometimes,” he said trying to be of some comfort. “It’s just a fact of life. You gotta watch your back in here all the damned time and that ain’t no shit. Niggers, Messkins, white motherfuckers. Hell, everybody’s got some kind of gang in here and all of ‘em is lookin’ to make somebody their bitch. You just stick with me, I’ll watch out for ya and you can watch out for me. Shit, you’ll be outta here in no time, you just wait and see and when you get out, you’ll have to come on over to Junction, Texas and see me. We’ll party down then.” He looked over at Steve who was still lying over on his bunk crying.
	“I’m gonna kill the motherfuckers that did this to me,” Steve sobbed.

	Steve was paroled and eight months later, he was back in Houston working the late shift at a Burger King where he and a coworker, a good looking girl named Kathy were closing up for the night. As she was clearing out one of the cash registers, she glanced over at Steve and smiled when she saw that he was watching her. 
	“What are you gonna do when we leave here?” he asked.
	“Go home, I guess. Do you need a ride?” she smiled.
	“That would be nice,” he grinned,
	Kathy was curious about Steve; she had heard that he had been to the pen. “The manager told me to keep an eye on you,” she said as she was driving him home. “He said that you had done some time in prison. What were you in for?”
	“I borrowed my aunt’s car without askin’ and she got all bent out of shape over it,” he told her. “You know, I’m really not a thief.”
	“That’s good to know,” she smiled.
	“All of that is behind me now. I just want to work and lead a normal life just like everybody else. I just made a couple of stupid mistakes, that’s all.”
	They pulled up in front of Steve’s apartment and she stopped just before he got out of the car. “Wanna come in for awhile?” he asked Kathy. “We can drink a Coke or something like that.”
	“Sure, why not?” she smiled.
	They get out of the car and walk up to the door. Kathy found a note on the door while Steve was digging in his pocket for the keys to unlock the door. “Looks like someone left you a message.”
	Steve nodded and took it from her as they walked inside. He turned on the light to read the note and after he read it, he crumpled it up and threw it in the trash. “Those sons of bitches, I wish they would leave me alone!”
	“Bad news?” she asked. 
	He took a deep breath and shook his head no. “It’s not such bad news. You see, I was on probation out in Sutton County before I went to the pen. Now, they want me to report in out there.”
	“They came all the way out from West Texas to leave a note on your door?” she asked knowing that was unlikely.
	“No. The note was from my parole officer. They had been in touch with him,” he explained. “They say that they’re gonna revoke my probation if I don’t report in, but you know what I say? I say fuck ‘em!”
	“Wait a minute; you were on probation before you went to the pen? What for?”
	“Felony possession of marijuana,” he answered with a grin.
	“Wow, are you a criminal or what?” she joked.
	“Or what, I guess,” he smiled at her.
	
	Two days later, while Steve was working the day shift, a deputy sheriff came in during the lunch hour rush and stood with the other customers waiting in Steve’s serving live. He stepped up to the counter when it was his turn.
	“May I help you, sir?” Steve asked ready to take his order. 
	“No, thanks, I’m not here to eat. I’m looking for an employee here by the name of Steve Thompson,” he said and looked down at Steve’s name tag. “Would that be you?”
	The smile faded from Steve’s face. “Why are you looking for me?”
	“I have a warrant to arrest you and hold you in the county jail for revocation of probation in Sutton County. You stay there until you can be transported back to Sutton County by one of their deputies.”
	Steve’s face turned red. “You gotta be shittin’ me!”
	


	
	  
	
	
	

 
	 
	






CHAPTER 5

	Deputy Peterson escorted Steve inside the Sutton County jail, they came through the door laughing and joking around with each other. He knew Steve well and did not even have handcuffs on him. “Hey, John, look who’s back,” Peterson called out to the jailer.
	John came out of his office smiling. “What the hell are you doin’ back here?” he asked Steve.
	“Shit, I don’t know,” Steve grinned.
	“Emilio revoked his probation, but he’s on parole in Harris County,” laughed Peterson. “Can you make this asshole a trusty or something?”
	“Oh, I’ll find something for him to do,” John said and then turned to Steve. “Go in there and get you some jail clothes on. You know how Sheriff Jones is about his jail clothes. Everybody’s gotta wear ‘em.”
	“Well, I’ll make you a good trusty,” Steve promised John. “Anything to keep from getting’ locked up.”
	“I’m sure you will, Steve. I’m sorry that you had to come back here.”
	Steve walked on alone to the supply room and changed out of his street clothes into his jail uniform. Meanwhile, Emilio came through the front door of the jail where John and Peterson were still talking. Peterson looked over at the short, chubby probation officer and shook his head. “Why the hell did you wanna bring that kid back here for?” he asked.
	“He broke his probation,” Emilio answered. “Do you mind if I talk to him in private in the booking room?” he asked John.
	“Not at all.”
	Peterson watched as Emilio went back into the booking room. He shook his head thinking that it was all just a glitch in the paperwork somewhere and when it was cleared up, Steve would be released. He walked out the door leaving the jail because he did not want to be around Emilio.
	Steve’s attitude changed immediately when he came inside the booking room and sat down. Emilio was busy shuffling papers around and did not look up to see the hatred in Steve’s eyes as he sat there glaring at him. Emilio finally looked up at Steve when he was through shuffling his papers. “Okay let’s talk,” he said. “Do you know why I had you brought back out here?”
	“So you could fuck with me?”
	“No, I had you brought back here because I knew that you were out of prison and still, you didn’t have the time to call or report in to me and let me know your whereabouts.”
	“Oh, bullshit! You knew where I was, you even talked to my parole officer!”
	“That’s right, I found you. You should have known that I would. I even gave you a month’s warning before I had you arrested and still, you didn’t report in. Why not?”
	“Look, man, I just got out of prison. I got myself a job and all I wanted to do was work and make an honest livin’ for myself. That’s all I was tryin’ to do. Shit, you knew that I lived in Houston; you knew that before I ever came to this shithole place to finish high school. Remember? My probation was moved out here from Houston. Why didn’t you just send it all back to Harris County when I went to the pen?”
	“Why didn’t you just come and take care of it yourself when you got out? That’s all you would have had to do.”
	“Well, let’s do it now since I’m here,” Steve suggested. “Let’s do the paperwork and maybe, I can get back to my job before I get fired, if I haven’t been already.”
	Emilio shook his head. He personally did not like Steve and at this point, he wanted to send him back to prison. “It’s too late for that, Steve; your probation has been revoked.”
	“You mean that you’re gonna send me back to prison over this? Over this bullshit stuff here?” Steve’s face was burning red with anger as he shouted. “I haven’t done anything! I had a job, man! I was workin’ and everything. I was tryin’ to get my life back together and now, you’re gonna send me back to the pen for nuthin’!” He stood up from his chair and pointed his finger at Emilio. “Fuck you, you dumb assed Mexican!”
	John walked inside the booking room to see what all of the shouting was about. “Are you boys about to fight?” he grinned hoping to ease the situation.
	“You wouldn’t believe what this asshole is gonna do to me,” Steve shouted at him.
	John nodded his head with a smile. “Yes, I would. He tries to do it to everybody that comes in here”
	His remark angered Emilio even further. “You know, I get a little tired of your smart remarks every time I came in here. I’m just doin’ my job and I think that you should too. Try to act like a professional!”
	John looked over at him with a half smile on his face. “I know that you’re just doin’ your job, but you don’t have to enjoy it so much.”
	Emilio stood up and pulled a small container out of his pocket and pitched it to Steve. “I need you to pee in that.”
	“What for? You’re already gonna send me to prison anyway,” he said and pitched it down on the desk. “Piss in it yourself.”
	“You don’t wanna get on my bad side, boy,” Emilio shouted at him. 
	“What are you gonna do, put me in jail” Steve asked and then walked out of the room.
	“That boy has a serious attitude problem,” Emilio said to John as he started gathering his papers from the desk.
	“Just leave your piss bottle here and I’ll get him to piss in it later after he cools down some,” John told him. Emilio nodded his approval and headed for the door. Ya’ll come back and see us sometime,” John called out after him. “Asshole,” he added when he was sure that Emilio was outside.

	Steve was on the second floor of the jail mopping around the bullpen which was aggravating a large black man named Weeks who was awaiting trial for child molestation. Weeks was watching the TV, which was sitting on a stand outside the bars of the bullpen since the prisoners were not allowed to have the television inside of the cell. Steve, while mopping, intentionally turned the TV so Weeks could not see the screen. “Hey, boy turn that back around so I can see it,” Weeks demanded.
	“I’ll turn it around when I get through mopping,” Steve told him while continuing on with his work. 
	“Well, you do a good job cleanin’ that floor, you dick suckin’ white boy,” Weeks said trying to provoke him.
	Steve stopped mopping and looked over at him. “Why do I have to be all of that?” he asked. “What’s your problem today, Weeks?”
	“I ain’t got no problem other than the white man,” Weeks said.
	“So, why are you fuckin’ with me today?”
	“Because you’re a cocksuckin’ motherfucker and I don’t like your lily white ass. I knows how you keep this job, man, you be downstairs suckin’ on the jailer’s dick!”
	Steve stood there for a moment looking at him. “At least, I ain’t no baby rapin’ nigger!”
	Weeks jumped to his feet and rushed to the bars mad as hell. “Boy, you’d better watch what you call me!”
	“Why? Fuckin’ little kids is what got you in here, ain’t it?” Steve asked coolly. 
	Weeks was standing up to the bars holding on tightly to them. “Motherfucker, the next time they let us out of here for some free time, I’m gonna kick your sorry ass! That is, unless John has you downstairs suckin’ his dick!”
	“Fuck you, nigger, you can’t do shit!”
	“I’m gonna show you what I can do when these bars ain’t keeping’ us apart!”
	Steve dropped his mop and went to the trusty cell. He reached under his mattress and got a pair of brass knuckles that he had hidden there and put them in the waistband of his pants. He then got a Styrofoam coffee cup and filled it up with water from the lavatory. He walked back to the bullpen area carrying the cup of water and poured it into the vents on the back of the TV and it immediately shorted out. “There, Weeks, watch TV now, you asshole!”
	All of the inmates in the second floor bullpen started shouting and yelling for John. “Get your ass up here, jailer!”
	“You better get on up here before your boy gets himself killed,” Weeks shouted.
	John heard all of the commotion upstairs and quickly went up to investigate. “What’s goin’ on up here?” he puffed as he got to the bullpen. 
	“That dumb motherfucker poured water on our TV and shirted it out,” one of the inmates shouted.
	John looked over at the TV and saw that it was not working. He also saw all of the water laying in the floor around the stand. He turned to Steve with a look of concern on his face. “What did you do that for?”
	“I didn’t do that,” Steve quickly denied. “That fuckin’ nigger did it tryin’ to get me locked up.”
	“You’re a lyin’ asshole, man,” another one of the inmates shouted.
	“Steve, that’s jail property,” John told him puzzled that Steve would do such a thing. “Go get your stuff, I’m gonna have to lock you up on the third floor.”
	Steve turned red from anger. “Why?” he shouted.
	“Because you destroyed jail property,” he calmly said.
	“But that nigger started it,” Steve shouted.
	“It don’t matter who started it, I’m endin’ it.”
	Steve stood there, bright red and shaking. John was watching him closely thinking that he was going to have to fight him, but Steve suddenly turned and quickly walked to the trusty cell to get his things. He made sure John was not watching and put the brass knuckles inside of his blanket as he rolled it up.
	“That motherfucker is crazy, man,” Weeks shouted at John who just nodded and walked toward the stairs that led to the third floor with Steve following after him. “I’m gonna fuck you up, boy,” Weeks hollered at Steve.
	John unlooked the bullpen cell door on the third floor and held the door open for Steve to go inside. Steve was sullen as he walked inside and threw his   things down on a bunk. He turned to John who was locking the door. “Why are you doin’ this to me?” he asked.
	“I ain’t doin’ nothing,” John answered. “You’re doin’ it to yourself.”
	Steve shook his head as he walked over to his bunk and sat down. “Fuck this place!”
	John went downstairs and posted a memo on the memo board instructing the other jailers to never let Weeks and Steve out for free time together. That rule was strictly enforced for three weeks and then one day, it was completely ignored by another jailer who let the two out together.
	Steve was prepared for the occasion and had the brass knuckles tucked in the waistband of his pants. He simply walked up to Weeks and started beating the hell out of him about the face and head. Over and over, he punched him until the other inmates restrained him. By then, Weeks was unconscious and bleeding on the floor.
	Assault with a deadly weapon was added to Steve’s stay there and John felt bad because he felt responsible for Steve getting the brass knuckles. It had happen one day when the toilet in a third floor cell was stopped up so bad that he had to call a plumber down to fix the overflowing mess. To speed things up, John had sent Steve up there to remove the commode while they waited for the plumber to arrive. A prisoner from days gone by had hidden the brass knuckles there under the commode and when Steve removed it, he found them. Of course, he did not tell John about his find, he hid them in case he ever needed them. Never the less, John blamed himself because he had let Steve work up there unsupervised. 

	Steve and the other three inmates in the third floor bullpen heard John walking up the steps. “Mail call,” John told them as the bars. “This one is for you, Steve,” he said holding the letter through the bars. Steve pushed an inmate named Vaughan out of the way to get his letter. He sat down on his bunk and began reading the letter after John had gone back downstairs. It was from his Father.

Dear Steve,
	I can’t tell you how disappointed the rest of the family and I are to hear that you’re back in jail. It seems to me that you will never straighten out your life with your total disregard for the laws of this state, this nation, the laws of God and my laws for this family. Trouble just seems to follow you around. I would blame myself for your actions, but your problems are your’s and your’s alone. If that was not true, your brothers and sisters would be in trouble as well. But, of course, they are not. They are all doing very well and appear to be making something out of their lives.
	No, Steve, I will not send you any money out there for cigarettes, snacks and personal items. I never dreamed that I would be writing such things to my own son, but I feel that it would be in all of our best interests if we didn’t hear from you again. You never wanted to be a part of this family, you always acted like you hated us all and now, I am disowning you.
	Whatever you do with the rest of your life is of no concern to us, it will strictly be your business. I do, however, wish you the best. It hurts me to have to write such things to you and I wished to God that I didn’t have to, but your actions leave me no choice. The rest of the family and I can’t go on wondering where we went wrong with you.
	It may or may not be of any concern to you, but your Mother’s health is failing and that is one of the reasons that I have decided that it would be for the best of we didn’t hear from you again.
Goodbye and good luck,
Fred
	Steve angrily tore the letter up and threw it in the trash. He walked over to Vaughan and knocked him off of the bench where he was sitting watching the TV through the bars. “From now on, this is my bench and my TV and my area,” he told the other inmates. I’ll beat the fuck out of any one of you bastards that gets close to me!”
	The next day John came up the stairs and found that Steve had hung up blankets around his bunk and area to keep the other inmates out of his space. “What’s this?’ he asked Steve.
	Steve pulled back a blanket to see out. “What’s what?”
	“This,” John said pointing to all of the blankets.
	“Privacy.”
	“Take ‘em down,” he ordered.
	His orders angered Steve who jerked the blankets down from the bars. “When in the fuck am I gonna get out of here and go on to the pen? I’ve been here five fucking months!”
	“And whose fault is that, Steve? You came here on a glitch in your paperwork and instead of waitin’ until it all got straightened out, you added more charges to yourself and had to have a trial, but worry, they’ll just take off all of this time you’ve been here off of your sentence as time served,” John scolded.
	“Yeah, right,” Steve scoffed.




CHAPTER 6

	Eight months later, Steve was paroled from prison vowing to never go back again. Although his stay was not long, this second time around was much worse than his first. It was one thing to be a tough guy in a county jail, but it was quite different in the pen, there was always someone a little bigger and a little tougher. This time, he had insulted a black guy who happened to have a few friends. They caught up with Steve one day and he was severely beaten and raped. 
	Steve had decided to turn his life around; the only problem was that he did not know in what direction it was going to turn in as he got off the bus at the Greyhound Bus Terminal in Houston. Carrying only one bag, he walked through the terminal and out the front door to the street. He was standing at a busy intersection waiting for the pedestrian light to change to walk when Trisha Fomby, a middle aged woman, pulled up in her black Cadillac convertible and smiled when she looked over at him. “Honey, you look lost. Can I give you a ride somewhere?”
	Steve smiled and nodded and stepped over to her car and got in.
	“My name is Trisha,” she introduced herself. “What’s your’s?
	“I’m Steve,” he grinned thinking that he was having extraordinarily good luck. The light turned to green and they took off. “I just came in from Dallas on the bus,” he lied. “I came down here looking for work.”
	“How do you feel about the oil business? My husband is a hot shot in a big company. I’ll just put in a good word for you; it won’t be any big deal. Certainly, no sweat off his ass. So, where you going anyway?
	Steve shrugged. “Anywhere you take me.”
	“You’re a trusting soul, aren’t you?” Trisha smiled. “I like that in a man. Especially, a good looking young man.”
	Steve sat back in the seat and relaxed. “Nice car.”
	“My husband bought it for me. A present, of sorts, for being such a sorry bastard for all of these years.”
	“Nice guy.”
	“Say, do you wanna go on a picnic?” Trisha asked suddenly to change the subject. She really did not want to talk about her husband at this point.
	“Sure, why not? Sounds good to me,” Steve smiled, she reminded him of his Aunt Betty in a way. Lonely, middle aged woman, overly friendly with a much younger guy in hopes of getting laid.
	“I just had to get out and do something today,” she told him. “I was bored shitless. My dear husband is away on a business trip and won’t be home for three more days. I just had to get out and do something different from what I do every single day.” She stopped talking and suddenly laughed. “Listen to me! I’m going on and on and you probably don’t give a damned anyway, do you?
	“Talk away,” smiled Steve. “I’m a good listener.”
	By nightfall, they were sitting alone on a beach outside of Galveston. Trisha was still talking and Steve had grown tired of hearing her rattle on and on. “My kids, you just can’t beat ‘em. Mark is a med student at Baylor and Lavelle is going to Hardin Simmons University in Abilene. I swear I don’t know why she wants to go all of the way up there; it’s so far from home and everything. She’s up there all by herself, she don’t know a soul, but she says she likes it there.”
	“Don’t you ever shut up?” Steve asked aggravated.
	Trisha was shocked at his sudden rude behavior. “I thought we were having a good time!”
	“You been talkin’ all day,” he said moving in closer to her. “Let’s do something different,” he said just before he kissed her.
	Trish pulled away laughing. “Now, I know why you want me to stop talking!”
	They kiss passionately and she laid back in the sand and began to unbutton her blouse. She moaned in pleasure as Steve started kissing her breasts and while he was kissing them, he opened his eyes and saw that her eyes were closed and she was breathing heavily. He continued to watch her face as he kissed her breasts moving from one to the other and then suddenly, without warning, he grabbed her throat and began to choke her. 
	Trisha’s eyes opened in terror, Steve’s grip around her neck was no tight she could not make a sound or get any air at all. Steve was so excited that he had an orgasm and his breath was taken away as he watched the life fade from her eyes. After a moment, he was so out of breath that he has to stop choking her, but is was too late for Trisha, she was already dead. He sat there on top of her for a moment panting to catch his breath and then stood up to look around to make sure that no one was near. When he was sure that no one was around, he rushed to the car and once inside, he checked her purse taking her cash and credit cards. He then pitched the purse out on the ground, started the car and drove away. He headed out on I-10 west and never slowed down until he was well away from Houston.

	Kitty, Willie Wells’ wife opened the front door of her run down, trashed out house in Junction, Texas to see who was knocking. She did not know Steve, but he recognized her from the pictures Willie had of here in prison. “Is Willie here?” he asked.
	She looked Steve over and to the black Cadillac before she answered. “No. Who are you?”
	“I’m a friend of his from the joint,” he explained.
	Kitty nodded. “Come on in. He’ll be here in a minute. Him and this other guy went out to make a beer run.”
	Steve stepped inside the cluttered mess of a house. Sonny, a seven year old boy, was sitting in the floor watching television. Steve cleared up an area on the couch large enough for him to sit down. 
	“You want a beer?” Kitty asked him as he sat down on the couch. “There’s a couple left in the refrigerator.”
	“That would be good,” he smiled wondering how anyone could live in such filth.
	She walked out of the room and Steve noticed a cleaning tray with marijuana in it sitting on the coffee table. Kitty returned with the beer and handed it to Steve. Just as he was about to open it, Willie and Robbie walked in through the front door carrying a 30 pack of Busch. Willie smiled when he saw Steve sitting there. “Shit, it’s you! I was wonderin’ who could be drivin’ that fuckin’ fancy car out there!” 
	Steve recognized Robbie instantly because he was one of the guys that raped him the blanket room in the pen that day. Robbie, on the other hand, did not know Steve. He looked him over, but he did not remember him. “Do I know you?” he asked.
	Steve nodded nervously. “We met over at the Walls Unit.”
	Robbie nodded and smiled. He thought he had seen Steve around before, but just could not place him. “I guess that’s where I’ve seen you.”
	“Probably so.”
	Sonny turned around from the TV. “Ya’ll be quiet, I can’t hear my show!”
	Robbie, who was standing right next to Sonny, turned around and kicked the little boy in the shoulder. The blow knocked the boy over in the floor. “Shut up, you little fucker,” he shouted at the kid.
	Sonny sat back up in the floor rubbing his shoulder and crying. “Daddy,” he said looking over to Willie expecting him to do something about Robbie kicking him.
	Willie glared at him. “I guess that’ll teach you to keep fuckin’ mouth shut, you little bastard!”
	“But Daddy, I couldn’t hear,” said Sonny still crying. 
	Willie rushed over and slapped the boy hard on the head and then turned the TV off. “Get the hell outside, you little bastard and don’t come back until we call you!”
	Sonny jumped to his feet and quickly ran outside. Willie turned to Steve and smiled. “So, did your Daddy buy you that car?”
	Steve shook his head no with a big grin on his face. “Daddy don’t wanna see me no more,” he laughed. The sorry son of a bitch!”
	“So, where’d you get that car?” Willie continued to question.
	“I’ll tell you later,” Steve smiled. “You wanna drive it?”
	Willie looked over at Robbie with a grin. “What do you say; you wanna take a ride in a rich man’s car?”
	“Sure, I guess so.”
	Willie took the boys for a ride in the black Cadillac through the hills in Kimble County. He was driving and enjoying every minute of it. Robbie sat in the front with him while Steve was in the back relaxing. “So, tell me, where did you get this car?” Willie asked looking in the rearview mirror at Steve.
	“I stole it off of a woman in Houston,” he finally admitted.
	Willie and Robbie both laughed. “Don’t you think that the bitch might be lookin’ for it?” Robbie asked.
	“I don’t think so. I killed her,” Steve calmly confessed.
	“You what?’ Willie shouted at Steve. He slammed on the brakes so he could stop the car and turn around and look directly at Steve.
	“I choked her to death and then I stole her money, her credit cards and this car,” he continued on.
	“You dumb son of a bitch,” Willie hollered at him. “What the fuck do you mean comin’ down here to my house in a hot fuckin’ car? You probably left a fuckin’ paper trail all the way out here!”
	“You’re a dumb motherfucker, ain’t ‘cha?” Robbie asked.
	“Hell, yeah, he’s a dumb motherfucker,” Willie said to Robbie. “The son of a bitch must be lonesome and wants all of us to go back to the pen together!” He pulled the car into gear and peeled out. “We gotta get rid of this car!” He looked back at Steve in the rearview mirror. “You’re tryin’ to get my ass on death row, ain’t ‘cha?”
	“Why don’t we go back and get your car and we’ll follow dumb fuck here down to Lake Amistad and we’ll dumb the car in the lake there at a place I know where the Devil’s River flows into it.” Robbie suggested.
	“Sounds good to me,” Willie said and then looked in the rearview mirror at Steve. “Does that sound okay to you hotshot?”
	Steve nodded his approval and they drove back to Willie’s house.
	
	Willie reached up on top the refrigerator to get the car keys and Kitty slapped him in the back. “No, dammit, I said you wadn’t takin’ my car, you son of a bitch!”
	Willie turned around and pushed her away. “Shut the fuck up, bitch, I’ll do as I damned please!”
	She slapped him again and this time, it made Willie mad. He grabbed her by the collar and hit her several times in the face with his fist knocking her two front teeth out. She fell to the floor crying with blood running out her mouth. 
	“See there, bitch?” he screamed at her. I told you that you’d better stop fuckin’ with me! I’ll kill your motherfuckin’ ass if you don’t stop fuckin’ with me and I’ll do it in a heartbeat! You know I will! I mean it!” He turned and stomped out of the room and went into the living room where Steve and Robbie were waiting on him. 
	“Wife trouble?” Robbie smiled as he got up.
	“That fuckin’ bitch,” Willie said walking to the front door.

	It was night when Steve parked the Cadillac on the edge of cliff overlooking Lake Amistad Reservoir. Willie and Robbie pulled up directly behind him in Kitty’s old green Ford. They get out to go over their plan with Steve. “We’ll push that son of a bitch over the edge with my car and then we’ll cover up all of our footprints. We might as well make the fuckin’ pigs work for their money and not leave ‘em any clues at all,” Willie told them.
	“You go that right, Robbie agreed.
	“Wait a minute,” Steve them before anyone had a chance to begin their task. “There’s something I wanna get out of the trunk.” He reached inside the car and pulled the trunk lever. “This is important,” he said walking to the trunk.
	“If there’s any cash in there, take it, but let that bitch’s credit cards go to the bottom of the lake with the car,” Willie said.
	Steve pretended to be looking for something in the trunk and grabbed the tire tool He turned around with it in his hand and quickly hit Robbie in the side of the head as hard as he could. The vicious blow instantly killed Robbie and he fell to the ground, but Steve hit him once more just to make sure that he was dead.
	Willie watched in disbelief. “Damn, man, what the fuck did you do that for?”
	Steve stood there panting trying to catch his breath and then he howled like a dog. “Shit, that felt good,” he shouted. He turned and slapped Willie on the shoulder. “That son of a bitch raped me in the pen and he didn’t even remember me!” He looked down at Robbie’s dead body and kicked him. “I guess you won’t be butt fuckin’ anybody else, you sick fuckin’ faggot!” He then looked back over to Willie. “If I could find that other son of a bitch, I’d kill him too! In fact, I’d kill all of them sons of bitches that raped me!”
	“Man’s what’s got into you?” Willie asked surprised at his behavior.
	“You remember that time in the pen when you was telling me how good it felt when you clubbed that nigger to death that raped you?” he asked Willie.
	“Yeah, I remember.”
	“Well, I didn’t believe you. I thought you was just shittin’ me when you told me about the rush you get when you kill somebody.” He stopped talking for a moment and puffed to catch his breath. “And then I killed that bitch,” he laughed. “It was the best feelin’ I ever had! I choked that bitch and I choked that bitch and I came all over myself and I didn’t even fuck her!” He looked back down at Robbie. “You know what I wanna do now? I wanna go find somebody else to kill!”
	Willie shook his head and patted him on the shoulder. Damn, man, slow down a little. Let’s finish this job first.”

	Steve took another hit off of the joint that were smoking as Willie was driving back to Junction in the wee hours of the morning. He exhaled slowly. “If I had my choice of who I would kill next, it would be my parents or them niggers that raped me the last time I was in the pen. Either way, I’d be getting somebody that’s fucked me!”
	“Steve, why did you come to see me?” Willie asked.
	Steve suddenly laughed. “I didn’t have nowhere else to go! Besides, you taught me everything I know and I wanna know more.”
	“What if we get caught, son of a bitch, have you ever thought of that?”
	“What this ‘we’ shit?” Steve asked. I ain’t gonna get caught. The day I got out of prison was the day that I stepped off the face of the earth. There ain’t nobody that knows shit about where I am or what I’m doin’. Nobody but you partner and you damned sure ain’t gonna tell nobody nothin’.” He suddenly laughed. “You’re gonna be with me livin’ the good life! I figure that you and me can ride around the country and have us a good time. When we need a car, we’ll steal it, when we need some money, we’ll steal it and when we need some pussy, we’ll take it!”
	“I don’t know, Steve, what about my old lady?” Willie asked.
	“Shit, man, I know you don’t wanna stay with that ugly whore and her bastard son! I know it and you know it. Let’s don’t bullshit each other. We both know if you stay with that ugly bitch, you’ll be back in jail in less than a month. If you go with me, you might up back in jail alright, but what a hell of a ride it’s gonna be getting’ there!”

	Back at Willie’s house, he walked into the bedroom to wake up Kitty. “Wake the hell up, bitch and fix us some breakfast.”
	Kitty sat up in bed, her eyes were blackened, her mouth swollen from the vicious beating. “What time is it?” she asked sleepily.
	“Time for you t get our ass out of that bed!”
	She got out of the bed and fixed bacon and eggs for the two men in her nightgown. They did not have to tell her, she knew that Willie was leaving home and would be taking her car in his travels. Normally, she would protest such plans, but this time, she was ready for him to go and she hoped that he would never come back. 
	“Me and Steve are goin’ out on a little job hunt,” Willie told her. We may be gone for a few days because it will probably take that long to find somebody that’ll hire a couple of ex-cons. It don’t matter where we have to go or where we have to move, we’ve decided that we’re gonna find us a couple of decent jobs.”
	Kitty sat there listening to his lies. “What made you decide on this?”
	“Because I’m tired of livin’ like a dog,” he shouted. “We’ll be leavin’ after breakfast.”
	She nodded her approval. She was not going to say anything that might cause Willie to hit her again.


	

	
		
	

	
	 




	
	
	
CHAPTER 7	

	It was around lunch time when Willie and Steve parked outside a convenience store in Sonora going over their plan to get them some more money. It was more than the cash for Steve, it was revenge. “Okay, my Aunt Betty lives around the corner and down the block from here. I’ll get out and walk the rest of the way. Give me thirty minutes and you drive down the road and pick me up,” Steve instructed him while he put on dark shades and a hat to disguise himself.
	“Don’t worry, I won’t let anybody see me, I’ll just blend in with everybody else,” Willie smiled. “Notice where I parked? The clerk inside the store can’t even see over here.”
	Steve nodded and got out of the car. He walked around the corner and down the street to Betty’s house. He walked up to the house and rang the doorbell. Betty did not recognize him when she opened the door. “May I help you?”
	“Yes,” Steve smiled as he reached up and took of the shades. Betty tried to slam the door shut, but he quickly caught it and forced his way inside the house. Betty stepped back frightened of him. “How ya been, Betty?”
	“What do you want here?”
	He walked over to her and suddenly hit her in the side of the head knocking her down. “Money!”
	“Take it,” she told him as she sat up in the floor hoping that maybe he would leave after he got the cash. “All I’ve got is fifty dollars.”
	He looked down at her smiling, took off his hat and pitched it to the side. He reached into his back pocket and pulled out a pair of surgical gloves. “I’m not as stupid as I used to be.”
	“You mean you’ve changed? For the better I hope.”
	He kicked her in the chest knocking her backward against the wall with his face turning that all too familiar red color to Betty. “Get your clothes off, I wanna fuck!”
	Betty started unbuttoning her blouse while Steve stood there watching her. She could not help herself, she started crying. “Why the tears?” he asked. “You used to be more than happy to fuck your little nephew when I was livin’ with you.” He knelt down in front of her and put his hands around her throat. “You wanna know who I see in your face, Betty? I see my old man.” He began to squeeze her throat cutting off all of her air. He tightened his grip as her eyes rolled up in her head. He began losing his own breath as he neared his orgasm while the choked the life out of her and watched her die. When he was sure that she was dead, he stood up, put his hat back on and walked to the kitchen and got the money out of her purse. He stuffed the money in his pocket and coolly walked out the door into the street where he began walking toward the store where Willie waited. 
	Willie checked the time on his watch and saw that it was time to go get Steve. He cranked the car up and began driving down Betty’s street. He saw Steve calmly walking toward him and slowed down. Steve quickly got in. “That bitch only had fifty dollars,” Steve told him as he got in the car. Drive back down to that store; I wanna get a Coke or a beer or something. Fifty damned dollars, shit!”
	“Relax,” Willie told him. “We’ll hit a store somewhere tonight and get some more money.”

	The clock on the wall inside of the convenience store read 2:33am when Steve and Willie walked in. The store clerk was a twenty one year old girl who took the job to help work her way through college. She watched as Willie went to the back of the store to the cooler to get a twelve pack of beer and Steve picked out the chips and snacks. “Sir, it’s after hours and I can’t sell you that beer,” she told Willie as he put the beer on the counter.
	“Aw, can’t you just make an exception for me just this one time?” Willie smiled at her.
	The clerk shook her head no. “I’m sorry, sir, but I’d get into a lot of trouble if I sold you that.”
	“I’ll tell you what; I’ll give you fifty dollars for this beer. You can pay the store their part and you can keep the rest,” Willie grinned.
	“Sorry,” she smiled at him just as Steve walked up to the counter and laid down his purchases. 
	“Bag this shit up for us,” he ordered. “You ain’t sellin’ us nothing, we’re takin’ it and we’re takin’ you with us!” 
	Willie stepped around behind the counter with her to the cash register. “Open this son of a bitch up,” he demanded. The girl opened the cash drawer up and Willie took out all of the money. “Is that all of it?”
	“Yes!”
	“There’s gotta be some more money in here, where’s the safe?”
	“There’s nothing in there,” she shouted. “The manager came in at midnight and took all of the money out.”
	“You ain’t lyin’ to us, are you?” Steve asked loudly.
	“No!”
	Willie stuffed the cash in a plastic bag and grabbed her by the arm. “Come on, you’re goin’ with us!”
	They walked out of the store and got into the car. Willie was driving and Steve sat in the back seat with the store clerk. Steve reached down in the sack and pulled out a beer, popped the top and handed it over to the girl who refused to take it. She was crying and fearing for her life. 
	“Come on and take it,” Steve told her. “This is a party.”
	“I don’t want any,” the girl snapped at him.
	Steve reached over and slapped her hard in the face. “Do you think you’re too good to drink with me?”
	“No, I just don’t want any,” she sobbed. “Please let me out!”
	Steve sat back in the seat and sighed. “Look, bitch, you might as well enjoy this. It’s still a couple of hours before the sun comes up.”
	The girl refused to talk to talk to him which made Steve angry. He slapped her again in the face and the girl started crying hysterically. “Shut up,” he hollered at her.
	“Don’t kill her before I get a piece,” Willie told him as he drove.
	“Don’t worry about it,” Steve said to Willie. He turned to the store clerk and began gently stroking her hair. “Pull your shirt off and your pants down,” he said calmly.

	The sun was just about to rise when Willie stopped the car. Steve opened the back door and pushed the girl’s body out onto the deserted street with his blouse off and her pants pulled down around her ankles. He slammed the door shut and Willie drove off leaving her there. Steve climbed over the back of the seat into the front with Willie. He got the bag with the money in it and started counting. 
	“We’ll eat us some breakfast when we get up to Seminole,” Willie said. “Hell, I might as well eat, it don’t look like you ever gonna let me have any fun on this trip.” He looked over at Steve who had just finished counting the money. “We did get enough to eat and buy gas, didn’t we?”
	“We got two hundred and forty two dollars,” Steve answered.
	“That’ll work,” laughed Willie. “I’ll tell you what, you cocksucker, I’m doin’ the next one”
	“Go ahead if it’ll make you feel any better.”
	“You don’t even know how to kill anybody,” Willie told him.
	“They’re all dead, ain’t they?
	“Sure, they’re all dead, but not one single fuckin’ time have you ever thought of your partner. Fuck, man, we’re both gonna go to death row for this and I ain’t even got me no pussy out of this deal yet!”

	It was 10pm and Steve and Willie were driving around the streets of Albuquerque, New Mexico when they both notice a pretty young girl washing her car at a quick car wash. She was wearing short cut off jeans and a halter top. She was holding her long, black hair back with one hand while washing the car with the other with the spray wand. 
	“Shit, did you see that?” Willie laughed as they drove past. 
	“I saw it,” Steve smiled.
	Willie quickly turned the car around. “This one is all mine,” he said as they drove back down the street to the car wash. “If you’re lucky, I’ll let you have a piece of it, but not until I’m through, you choke happy bastard!” He pulled the car into the next bay over from her at the car wash. “Keep your ass in the car,” he told Steve as he got out. He walked around to where the girl was still washing her car. “Do you have any quarters?” he asked.
	The girl looked up at him without smiling and shook her head no. Willie walked back to the car and motioned for Steve to roll the window down. “You ought to see this little bitch up close. She is one fine little bitch!”
	“Are you gonna get her or what?” Steve asked impatiently.
	Willie nodded. “Watch a professional work, son.” He held his hand out. “Gimme some quarters.”
	Steve reached in his pocket and pulled out some quarters and gave them to Willie who went and inserted some of them into the machine. He was pretending to be washing the car wile he watched the girl pull her car forward to the drying and vacuum cleaning area. He walked over and turned the knob on the car wash to the off position. He turned to Steve and motioned for him to get under the steering wheel and to drive the car forward. He climbed in on the passenger side and Steve drove the car up next to the girl’s. Willie got out of the car leaving the passenger side door open. He smiled at the girl who was watching him cautiously and acted like he was going to the paper towel machine. He walked right past her on his way to the machine and when he was returning, she completely ignored him as she continued to dry off her car. While her back was turned to him, he quickly grabbed her by her long hair and pulled her backwards to the car and shoved her in. She screamed and fought him, but he managed to get her securely in and slammed the door shut as he got in behind her. She continued to fight and he started hitting her hard about the face and head.
	She screamed again and his continued beating on her. “Shut up, you little bitch or I’ll beat hell outta you!” He grabbed hold of her and held her tightly. “Start the motherfuckin’ car and get the hell outta here,” he shouted at Steve. 
	“Let me out of here, you bastards,” she shouted as Steve drove away and Willie held on to her.
	“Hell, you can talk, can’t you? You little snobby, stuck up bitch,” Willie shouted back at her.
	“What do you want with me?” the girl cried.
	“Pussy, you ignorant bitch, what do you think?” he shouted. He turned to Steve, “Drive out to the country somewhere!” He then turned back to the girl. “I don’t know about you, honey, but I’d like to have a little blowjob before we fuck.” He let go of her just enough to undo his pants. “Suck it!”
	The girl shook her head no crying. He slapped her several times and then grabbed her by the hair pulling her head down. He laid his head on the back of the seat. “Ah, that’s more like it.” He suddenly jumped forward and slapped her. “You bitch! You bit me!” He slapped her some more. “You wanna play rough, I’ll play show you how to play rough!” He lit a cigarette and started burning her with it on the inside of her thighs. She tired to fight him and he beat her into submission. 
	For over an hour, the girl endured Willie’s torture. He stripped her naked, beat her over and over, raped her and burned her with cigarettes on every tender, sensitive area on her body. He had Steve pull over to the side of a deserted, dirt road and raped her on the hood of the car one last time. The girl laid there on the hood when he was finished beaten down and whimpering. “Okay, killer, it’s your turn,” Willie told Steve as he was putting his pants back on. Steve grinned and took his clothes off. He climbed up on the hood with the girl and as he penetrated her, he grabbed her throat with both hands and began choking her to death.

	



















CHAPTER 8

	Willie’s old Ford began cutting out on the way to Raton, New Mexico. “I’m getting tired of drivin’ this old piece of shit. We need to find us a new one.”
	“It may be a piece of shit, but we’ve come a long ways in this old bastard,” Steve commented. 
	They passed on through Raton and were driving through the mountains on into Colorado when Steve saw a Winnebago parked there at a campsite with a Ford Explorer in tow. “Did you see that?” he asked Willie and then told him about what he saw.
	“Shit, I wouldn’t mind havin’ one of them motor homes. I haven’t had a good night’s sleep since you showed up at my house. He slowed down and turned on the first dirt road he saw.
	Travis Williams and his wife, Ann, were vacationing with their sons, twelve year old Tony, nine year old Jessie, and their fifteen year old daughter, April. The plans were to camp in the San Isabel National Forest and explore the Rocky Mountains in Colorado. Travis had his charcoal grill going and was cooking hamburgers while the rest of the family sat in their lawn chairs and visited. Suddenly, they all noticed Willie and Steve walking in to their campsite. 
	“Howdy, folks,” Willie greeted with a friendly smile. “Those hamburgers sure do smell good.”
	“Pardon us for barging in on ya’ll like this, but our car broke down about a mile up the road,” Steve told them.
	Travis looked them over for a moment, he was suspicious of them. “Where ya’ll from?” he asked.
	“Texas,” smiled Willie.
	Travis relaxed when he heard that. “Hell, we are too!” He looked down at his grill. “I’d offer you boys a hamburger, but there ain’t enough meat. Will a beer do?”
	“That sounds good to me,” Steve grinned. “I worked up a thirst on that long walk.”
	Travis turned to Ann. “Honey, would you go get these boys a beer?” 
	Ann got up smiling. “One of ya’ll can have my seat.” She looked over to her boys. “One of you let these men have your chair,” she instructed.
	“Oh, no, ma’am,” Willie said as he sat down on the ground. “We’ll be just fine sittin’ right here.”
	Ann smiled and nodded her approval as she went inside of the motor home to get them a beer.
	“So, what are ya’ll doin’ all the way up here in Colorado?” Willie asked Travis.
	“Just vacationing.”
	“I wanna go bear hunting,” Tony said proudly to impress the two men.
	“A bunch of hunters, huh?” Willie laughed as he turned to Steve and winked. “I like to hunt myself. That’s why I think I’ll like it up here. Plenty of bear, plenty of elk. Me and Steve here, we’re on our way up to Denver. I got a cousin up there that says he can get us a job at the plant where he works. You know, there ain’t that many jobs out in West Texas anymore.”
	Travis nodded as he listened and flipped the hamburger patties over. “It’s the same all over,” he agreed, “a lot of our work where I work is done in China and Mexico.”
	“What kind of work do you do?” asked Steve to get inn on the conversation. 
	“I’m a semiconductor engineer in Dallas,” he answered.
	“Oh, a big money man,” laughed Willie.
	“Well, I wouldn’t say that,” Travis said modestly.
	Betty came out of the motor home carrying three beers. She gave the first one to Travis and then walked over to Steve and Willie and handed them one.
	“Thank you, ma’am, I appreciate that,” Willie smiled innocently up at her.
	“You’re quite welcome,” she smiled back.
	“Honey, it’s too late to help these men out with their car problems today, so I thought that you and the kids might drive down to that little store on down the road and see if you couldn’t buy these guys something for dinner,” Travis told his wife.
	“Oh, you don’t have to do that,” Willie said as he stood up. “But if you fine people will just drive us to the nearest town, we’ll get a motel room and leave you folks in peace. We can’t ask you to feed us!”
	“Nonsense! Ann and April can drive over to that store and pick ya’ll up a few items,” Travis protested. “And as far as getting a motel room, we have a couple of sleeping bags. Ya’ll can just camp out with here tonight outside the motor home and I’ll help you get your car started in the morning.”
	“Okay, you talked us into it,” Willie said smiling.
	Later that night, the Williams family was all in bed inside the motor home while Steve and Willie were outside in their sleeping bags. “Can you believe this shit? Was this easy or what?” Willie asked Steve.
	“Did you see the ass on that girl? What was her name?” Steve asked.
	“Hell, I don’t know, I ain’t gonna fuck her name,” Willie answered as he leaned up on his elbow to look over at Steve. “When do you think we ought to make our move?”
	“I don’t know. Both of those little bastards talked about huntin’ all damned night so I know that they must have some guns in there,” Steve told him. “We’ve got to be careful.”
	“Hell, careful is my middle name. We’ve just got to think of something to outsmart these motherfuckers, that’s all. Just let me lay here and think a few minutes, I’ll come up with something.”

	By 3am, Willie had come up with what he thought would be the perfect plan. He started beating on the door of the motor home frantically calling for help. “Help! Help me, Travis! Steve’s out here, I don’t know what’s wrong with him, but he’s dying! Help!”
	Travis opened the door concerned. “What’s the matter?”
	Willie pointed over to Steve who was acting like he was convulsing. He was choking and making gagging sounds and shaking as if he were having a seizure.
	“I don’t know what’s wrong with him,” shouted Willie. “He woke me up doin’ that! Is he gonna die? Is he? Oh, God, please don’t let him die!”
	Travis ran over to where Steve was laying on the ground and knelt down beside him watching him closely. “I’ve never seen anything like this! Ann, get out here,” he yelled at toward the motor home. “We’re going to have to get him to a hospital!”
	Willie reached down and picked up a stick of firewood while Travis was still trying to help Steve who was still putting on his act. Willie suddenly hit Travis in the back of the head with the firewood knocking him unconscious. Ann rushed out the door of the motor home while Steve was continuing on with his performance. Ann froze in her tracks when she saw her husband laying there. “What’s wrong with them?” she screamed. 
	Steve suddenly started laughing and sat up. Willie slapped Ann down and kicked her. “Are those little brats of your’s awake?” He kicked her again and started walking for the motor home. “They’d better not be!” He took a few more steps before turning back to Steve. “Keep an eye on that bitch and I’ll go find us some guns!”
	“Please let me check on my husband,” Ann cried.
	“Shut up,” Steve yelled at her.
	Willie was met just inside the door by Jessie who had been awaken by all of the noise. “What’s going on out there?” he asked.
	Willie smiled at him. “Oh, we’re gonna have to tie that poor son of a bitch down to get him to the hospital. Your Mama sent me in here for some rope. Do you know where it is?”
	“Sure, I know!”
	“She said you would,” Willie smiled at him.
	Jessie immediately turned around and ran for the cabinet. Willie walked up behind him as the boy dug through the utility drawer. The boy found the rope and turned around showing it to Willie. “Here it is!”
	Willie slapped the boy hard. “Don’t cry, don’t yell or I’ll kill your little ass! Turn around here and let me tie you up,” he demanded. In a matter of moments, he had the boy tied and just as he was finishing, Tony walked in and saw his brother. He fearfully looked at Willie and ran back down the hall. Willie chased after him and caught him in front of a closet door that Tony was trying to get open, but it was locked. Willie threw a piece of nylon rope around his neck and started strangling him. “What’s behind that door?” he shouted. “Never mind, don’t tell me, I think I can guess!”
	He hit Tony several times in the face and when the kid was lying limp on the floor, he tied him up. He kicked the closet door a few times until it broke. He smiled when he saw the rifles inside. He saw a box sitting on a shelf and when he opened it, he found a 9mm Kurtz. He smiled as he held up the small pistol and after the loaded it, he walked on to April’s room. He opened the door and saw her asleep with her   stereo headphones on and gently sat down on the bed with her.
	Travis was still unconscious and Ann was checking over his injuries while Steve carefully watched her. “He’s going to bleed to death if he doesn’t get some help,” she shouted at Steve.
	“Keep your voice down,” Steve ordered.
	She was about to say something else when she heard April scream from inside the motor home and started crying again.
	“That son of a bitch,” Steve said. “I was gonna fuck her first!” 
	

 
	
	  
	
	
	
	  


	
	
CHAPTER 9

	Steve was driving the motor home while Willie was guarding their prisoners, the Williams family. He had all of them tied up including Travis who was finally consciousness from the severe blow to the head the night before. His face was bloody and swollen, his tee shirt now soaked in dried blood. Ann was unharmed, but it did not appear to be that way, her shirt was bloody, but it was all from her husband’s head wound. Both of the boy’s faces were bruised from Willie beating on them. April had not been beaten, but she sat there in tears.
	“How does it feel to be driving this rig in Colorado?” Willie asked Steve. 
	“It feels real good. You ought to try it for awhile. Some of these corners are a bitch and drivin’ uphill it awful slow especially pullin’ that Explorer behind us.”
	“Well, I’ll drive it later,” Willie told him. ‘But what I need more than anything is a little nap. I’m about beat, I need some sleep! How about you, are you doin’ okay?”
	“I’m okay.”
	Willie turned to the Williams family. “Listen to me,” he said loudly. “I’m gonna take a little nap and I don’t want any of you bastards tryin’ anything.” He held up the pistol. “I’m gonna be sleepin’ with this little son of a bitch and the first one of your fuckers that try anything, I’ll kill you right where you sit. Are we clear on that?”
	The Williams family listened to him, but they did not respond.
	Willie looked over at Steve. “You still got that other pistol I gave you?”
	“I can’t drive and stand guard at the same time,” Steve protested.
	“I’ll be right behind you layin’ in the floor. Just holler if you see something,” Willie told him.
	“Aw, just relax and take your nap. Everything will be okay.”
	Willie lay down in the floor and within minutes, he was asleep. Ann saw this as an opportunity to talk with Steve and try to reason with him since it was obvious to her that Willie was the leader of the two. “What are you planning on doing with us?” she asked Steve as he drove along through the hills.
	“We haven’t decided on that yet,” he answered glancing back at her in the rearview mirror.
	“You have our motor home and our SUV, why do you need us?” Steve did not answer. “You’re going to kill us, aren’t you?”
	“Could be,” Steve smiled.
	“What kind of animals are you? My family and I have done nothing to you.”
	Steve looked up in the mirror and smiled at her.
	“Damn you, you sick bastards!”
	“Shut up,” he shouted at her growing tired of the conversation. “One more word out of you and you’ll wish that you would have kept your fuckin’ mouth shut!”
	A few minutes later, Willie woke up from his nap. He looked around at the Williams family and then over to Steve. He slowly got up and walked over to where Steve was driving. “Are you ready for me to take over?”
	“I thought you’d never ask,” Steve smiled and started slowing down. He found a spot on the side of the road where he could stop the vehicle just long enough for Willie to get under the wheel. As Willie pulled back out on the road, Steve walked over to Ann. “You know what? You remind me of my Mama,” he said and then laughed. “Do you wanna fuck?”
	“I’d rather die,” Ann said defiantly.
	“That can be arranged,” he shouted at her.
	Willie was watching in the rearview mirror as he drove. “Damn, Steve, don’t you want a nap?”
	“I wanted a piece of ass first,” Steve shouted at him. “Is that alright with you?” He turned back to Ann smiling. “Don’t worry, it’ll be the best you ever had.”
	“Leave my wife alone,” Travis shouted at him.
	Steve quickly looked over at him. “Did I say that you could talk? Did I give you permission to talk?” he shouted turning red in the face. He suddenly hit Travis in the back of the head where his wound was. Travis hollered in pain as his head started bleeding again and Steve pushed the pistol in his face. “The next time you say something to me will be the last time that you ever speak another word!” He held the gun there for a moment and then suddenly took it away. He grabbed Ann by her tied hands and drug her toward the back of the motor home.
	After he had raped Ann, Steve was sitting in the floor looking at the Williams family thinking about how much they reminded him of his family. He could not explain his anger and resentment toward his own family, he never could, he just knew that he hated them. He shook his head violently and jumped to his feet rushing over to Willie. “That’s it! Stop this son of a bitch right now,” he shouted. “These fuckin’ people make me sick! I’m tired of lookin’ at them; I’m tired of ridin’ with them! I want out!”
	Willie looked over at him smiling. “What the hell is the matter with you, man?”
	“I can’t take this shit anymore! Just stop and I’ll unhook the Explorer and I’ll follow along. I just need to be by myself for awhile!”
	“Okay, we’ll do that, but first, I need your help,” he said pointing to the fuel gauge. “See that? We’re almost out of fuel, so the next place that we come to, we gotta get some. I need you for that ‘cause if you ain’t back there holdin’ a gun them, they’re gonna yell for help. Okay? Can you help me out on this?”
	Steve thought for a moment trying to calm himself down and nodded.
	“Okay, go back there and see what kind of credit cards your Daddy’s got,” Willie smiled as Steve gave him a cold, hard look.

	Willie was out filling the motor home with fuel when the station attendant came out to chat. “Sir, would you like for me to wash that windshield for you?” he asked.
	Willie shook his head smiling. “Oh, hell, no, it’s just fine.”
	The attendant sighed his relief. “Thank you, sir; I have a hard time reaching those damned things.”
	“How far is it on up to Denver?” Willie asked stretching.
	Before the attendant could answer, there was a scream inside the motor home. Willie could hear Steve’s footsteps over to whoever it was and then silence. He looked over at the attendant and smiled. “Damned kids, you can’t take ‘em anywhere without a fight.”
	“I know exactly what you mean,” the attendant said with a grin. “I’ve got four of my own. Thank you and good day to you, sir.” He walked off leaving Willie to finish fueling since he paid at the pump with a credit card.
	When Willie got back in the motor home, he found Steve sitting on top of Ann holding his pistol to her head.
	“What the hell is goin’ on in here?” he asked.
	“I’m gonna waste this bitch as soon as we get back out into the mountains,” Steve told him.
	Steve cooled off somewhat as they drove along, but he still wanted out of the motor home. Willie stopped a few more miles down the road and got out to help Steve unhook the Explorer. When they were finished, they went back inside of the motor home and Willie got under the wheel. Steve looked the Williams family over. He walked over to April and knelt down in front of her and cut the ropes off of her feet. “Come on, you’re ridin’ with me,” he told her as they stood up.
	April looked down at her parents and started crying. “Come on, dammit, we ain’t got all day,” he yelled at her.
	“No,” Ann shouted. “Don’t take my baby, take me!”
	Steve grabbed hold of April’s hands and looked down at Ann. “Who’d want your old ass?”

	Steve was in the Explorer with April driving fast and reckless in front of the motor home. Willie was trying his best to keep up with him as they drove down the narrow two lane road that wound through the mountains. 
	“You’re going to kill us all if you don’t slow down,” Ann shouted at him as he drove.
	“Shut up, bitch” Willie hollered back at her.
	“She’s right,” Travis said. “This vehicle wasn’t made to take corners this fast.”
	“Both of you shut up,” Willie shouted at them trying to concentrate on his driving. “I’ve got enough to worry about without ya’ll naggin’ the hell outta me!”
	“We’re just trying to tell you to slow down,” Travis explained. “We’ve got kids in here!”
	“And I’m just tryin’ to tell ya’ll to shut the hell up!”
	Steve was watching Willie in the rearview mirror trying to keep up with the Explorer with a little smile on his face. “Look that that crazy bastard drive,” he said to April.
	April did not look back. She just sat there looking out the window with tears rolling down her young face. 
	“What’s the matter with you?” Steve asked her.
	She ignored him.
	“Well, fuck you then,” Steve told her as he drove even faster. They approached a set of curves on the high side of the mountain and Steve was driving so fast that they skidded around the first one.
	“That crazy son of a bitch,” Willie shouted as they went around the first curve. The second curve was even sharper and Willie tried his best to negotiate it, but the motor home flipped over the guard rail and down the steep incline of the mountain. The motor home tumbled down, rolling over and over and falling apart along the way, but it did not explode.
	Steve saw the accident happen in his rearview mirror and slammed on the brakes to turn around. He raced back to the spot of the accident and skidded to a stop.
	“Stay in the car,” he screamed at April as he opened the door to get out. He ran over to the edge of the hill and looked down. He could see bits and pieces of the motor home scattered all the way down the side of the hill. He stood there hoping to see some movement somewhere. “Willie! Willie,” he shouted down the hill.
	April watched on in horror knowing that her parents and brothers were probably dead. She jerked the car door open with her tied hands and started running away down the highway. She could hear a car approaching from around the corner and she continued to run toward it screaming and crying. 
	Steve heard her just in time to turn around and see the car slowing down to stop. He dashed toward the Explorer, got in and drove away.
	Willie, Travis, Jessie and Tony were all dead and scattered in different locations down the side of the hill. Ann was lying on the ground bleeding, but she was still alive.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	










CHAPTER 10

	Steve was sitting at an almost deserted coffee shop in Denver at 4:30 on the morning. He felt no remorse for the Williams family or any of his other victims. He felt nothing for his friend Willie; all he was concerned about was avoiding the police and looking for someone that might help him along the way. For that moment, that person could have been Darla, the attractive young woman working at the coffee bar. She would either help him or become his next victim; he had not decided that yet. Since there were only four other coffee drinkers there, she had plenty of time to stand around and get to know Steve. 
	“So, anyway, I came all the way up here for a driving tour of the state and wrecked my car yesterday,” he lied to Darla. “Now, I’m stranded here in a little motel room a few blocks away.” He took another sip of his coffee and laughed, “Am I havin’ some luck or what?”
	Darla smiled and lit up a cigarette. “Sounds like you’re full of good luck.” She took a puff off her cigarette and exhaled. “I get off work in another hour. Why don’t you hang around? I know of a great spot where we can go and watch the sun come up over the mountains.”
	Steve grinned thinking that he had this deal in the bag. “Sure, but I don’t have a car, remember?”
	“We can take mine.” She walked over to the phone on the wall and picked up the receiver. “I gotta call my baby sitter first, I’m sure it’ll be okay with her.” She dialed the number and waited for someone to answer. “Hello, Mama, listen, I’m gonna go out for awhile when I get off work. Is that okay?”
	True to her word, Darla took Steve out to the mountains in her old Buick Skylark and parked facing east to watch the sun come up although neither one of them was really interested in watching the sun rise. They began making out and soon, their clothes were off and they were having sex. Darla was straddling Steve who was sitting in the seat. While they were going at it hot and heavy, Steve slid his hands from her buttocks to her breasts and then to her neck. Thinking about how good his orgasm would be if he started to choke the life out of her, Darla opened her eyes and looked at him. He innocently smiled at her. “Can I stay over at your place?”
	“What about your motel room?” she asked knowing that her Mother would probably have a fit.
	“I just don’t want to be alone,” he told her.
	Darla closed her eyes and started pumping again. She did not want to talk, she wanted to climax. “Sure, anything you want.”

	Darla was dressed and ready for work when he walked to her bedroom and opened the door to find Steve still in bed sound asleep. “Hey, sleepy head, wake up,” she said loudly and waited for Steve to open his eyes. “You’ve been sleeping all day. It’s time for me to go back to work and for your to go to the motel.”
	He sat up in bed gathering his thoughts. “Work? Hell, I thought it was time to party. Why don’t you call in sick or something? Let’s go have some fun.”
	She thought for a moment, it never took much persuasion to talk her out of going to her boring job at the coffee shop. “You’ve got deal; just let me make a couple of calls. We can have a few drinks and let’s go over to that motel room of your’s and make wild, passionate love!”

	After hitting a few bars around town, Steve and Darla were drunk and driving down a busy street when Officers Lee and Pogue saw Steve turn up a can a beer and take a swallow right in front of them. “Did you see that?” Lee asked his partner.
	“I damned sure did,” laughed Pogue. “We’ve got one, buddy!” He put the patrol car in drive and they sped off after them with their lights on and siren basting.
	Steve saw the flashing lights in the rearview mirror and speeded up. “What’s the matter?” Darla asked concerned.
	“The fuckin’ cops are after us!”
	“Oh, shit! If my boss finds out about this, he’ll fire me for sure!”
	Steve drove even faster
	“What are you doing? Why don’t you just stop and get it over with?” Darla shouted.
	Steve floored the accelerator as they were about to go through an intersection and they crashed into another car. The impact knocked Darla unconscious, but Steve was unharmed. Lee and Pogue rushed up to the car and drug Steve out and slammed him on the ground and put handcuffs on him.
	“What the hell did you think you were doing?” Lee shouted at him and looked up at his partner. “Call for help!” While Pogue was calling for backup and an ambulance Lee turned back to Steve. “As soon as the ambulance gets here, me and you are gonna take a little ride down to the jail.”
	Pogue rushed over to Darla to check on her. Her forehead was bleeding and she was still unconscious, he then rushed back to the other car that they had crashed into to check on them.

	Once back at the police station, Steve was given a breathalyzer and booked for DUI. He did not have a license on him or any other form of identification and told them that his name was Raymond Whitaker from Colorado Springs. After a check, they found that he was laying to them. He then told them that his name was Joseph Adkins from Raton; they again found that to be false. They placed him in the interrogation room for further questioning. 
	The police sergeant was looking through the window of the door of the interrogation room with Lee. “You know, I think you’ve got a live one here.”
	“What do you mean by that?” Lee asked.
	“I mean that son of a bitch fit’s the description of the man that girl described as one of the kidnappers of that family. We’ll get that kid in here in the morning and see if she can’t make an ID on this asshole.”
	 
	April was standing behind the two way mirror looking at Steve and crying. Detectives Robbins and Nelson were standing there with her watching her reactions. Robbins put his arm around her trying to be of some comfort. “Are you sure that’s him?” he asked.
	“Yes, that’s him! I’m sure,” she sobbed. If it wasn’t for him my Dad and brothers would be alive right now and my Mom wouldn’t be in the hospital.
	Nelson looked over to Robbins. “Let’s get a picture of this guy and take it down to the hospital for Mrs. Williams to see.”

	Nelson and Robbins walked in the interrogation room with Steve for the first time after Mrs. Williams also gave them a positive ID; she had even told them that his first name was Steve. Willie had a driver’s license on him the day he crashed the Williams’ motor home and they knew that he was a convict from Texas, so they figured that Steve was too. 
	Steve had grown impatient being held by the cops, he wanted to be released and if he were to be released, he would disappear and they would never find him again. “Come on guys, I’ve been here all damned night and most of this day. How long are you gonna keep me here?” he asked when the two detectives walked in. “This is bullshit!”
	“Oh, come on, Steve,” Nelson smiled at him. “Your name is Steve, right? That’s what everybody’s been saying. It’s not Raymond or any other of those fake names that you’ve been giving us. It’s Steve and you and your dead buddy, Willie, are from Texas, ain’t that right?” 
	Steve looked up at him wondering just how much these two actually did know about him.
	“You see, Steve, we know that you’re not being truthful with us,” Nelson continued on. “You see, we’ve got two people that have made a positive ID on you.”
	“You don’t have shit! All you guys can get me on is DUI,” Steve shouted at them.
	Robbins shook his head no. “Our witnesses say that you’re the man, so explain to us how you came up here to Colorado.”
	“I told you, I came in my own fuckin’ car!”
	“And where is that car now?” Robbins asked.
	“I don’t know.”
	“You don’t know where you parked it?” Nelson asked. “You mean you lost your car?”
	“Was it stolen?” Robbins asked.
	“It may be by now,” Steve said smiling.
	“And what kind of car did you say it was?” Nelson asked. 
	“A Blue Honda.”
	Nelson laughed. “And you drove it all the way up here without a license or an ID, right?”
	Steve nodded and Nelson looked over at Robbins and winked with a grin on his face. “See? This is what I’ve been talking about. There’s just not enough patrolmen out on the roads these days.”
	“I agree,” Robbins said. “How else could a scumbag like this get all the way up here from Texas? Thank goodness the Denver Police Department is on their toes.”
	“When can I make bail?” Steve asked them not amused with their routine. My four hours of detox is over and now I have the right to make bail and be released.”
	“Oh, yeah, that’s right,” Nelson told him. Normally, a person can make bail after they sober up, but not you. We’ve got a little surprise for you, Steve. You see, we didn’t tell you this, but we found the Williams’ Explorer. It seems that someone left it on a supermarket parking lot. Now, me and old Robbins here, we just a couple of ignorant assholes. What we’re doing is waiting for all of the college boys to finish up their work checking out all of the evidence and such. You know, those boys sure like their microscopes. They just love to check fingerprints and little hairs and all of that crap. Forensics, that’s what they call it. Ain’t that right, Robbins?”
	“I believe so,” Robbins grinned.
	“You see, Steve, what they’re looking for is something to nail your ass with. Now, I know that you don’t mind staying here a couple of more hours so they can check it all out. After all, we’ve got a state of the art facility here that was built with tax payer dollars. If everything checks out, you’ll be out of here before sundown, but if there’s one little piece of evidence that links you to that Ford Explorer, we’ll be seeing a lot of each other.”


CHAPTER 11

	Alan Foote was a middle aged man with a receding hair line and wore thick black rimmed glasses. He was less than enthusiastic about being Steve’s court appointed attorney, but there was nothing that he could do about it. He had met Steve on two previous occasions and was not impressed at all. He just did not like the young murderer, but he would provide him with an adequate defense. He was sitting on the interrogation room with Steve waiting for Nelson and Robbins to arrive. 
	Robbins came in smiling as he walked in with his partner and sat down at the table with them. “Stevie boy, we’ve been doing our homework on you and it don’t look good for you, buddy.”
	“Gentlemen, my client wishes to make a confession in exchange for a deal in court,” Foot told them.
	“No way, we ain’t making no deals,” Nelson quickly said. 
	Foot looked at him and sighed deeply. “Gentlemen, if you will just hear us out.”
	“We don’t wanna hear you out because we’ve been down this road before,” Robbins told the lawyer. “You client is gonna confess to some of the lesser crimes and then blame the whole darned thing on his dead partner.”
	“We want you to hear us out first before you proposition us with some hair brained deal,” Nelson added before Foote could say anything. “First: We’ve got Steve’s fingerprints all over the Williams’ Ford Explorer as well as the pistol we found in it. We’ve got a positive ID from Mrs. Williams and her daughter plus a statement from each stating that little Stevie here kidnapped them, beat them, raped them and terrorized them along with other allegations that are too numerous to mention. Second: With the help and cooperation of other law enforcement agencies, we have found an older model Ford that belongs to the wife of one Willie Wells that had been abandoned in the woods. Inside of this car we have found the fingerprints of Mr. Wells as well as those belonging to young Steve here. In addition, we have found bloodstains of Sylvia Martinez of Albuquerque, New Mexico. We have also found even more bloodstains that are, as of this time, unidentified.”
	“Hell, I did it,” Steve blurted out. “I confess, what more do you want? I can help you find the bodies of the victims that we hid. I want to help in any way that I can and I will as long as you can promise me that you won’t seek the death penalty. I don’t want to die.”
	Robbins looked at him a moment and then turned to Nelson. “Aw, isn’t that touching? Little Stevie doesn’t want to die.”
	“I’ll get with the district attorney and we’ll talk about it,” Nelson told Steve after thinking for a moment. “As far as the state of Colorado goes, I’m pretty sure that we can make a deal, but we certainly can’t make any deals for the states of New Mexico	and Texas.”
	Robbins chuckled. “Texas is some death penalty happy sons of bitches down there. They love that lethal injection stuff.”

	Two weeks later, the interrogation room was crowded with Nelson, Robbins, Alan Foote, a Texas Ranger, a United States Marshal from New Mexico named Reyes and, of course, Steve. They have microphones, tape recorders and a video camera set up. Nelson checked over the equipment and sat down with the others. “Okay, Steve, it’s your show,” he said to get the taped confession started.
	Steve took a deep breath. “I must have been twelve years old when I first realized that I hated my parents.”
	“Hold it, Steve,” Robbins interrupted. “Nobody here gives a shit about all of that psychological bullshit. Cut to the chase, we don’t want to hear your life story.”
	“Let me tell the story, okay?” Steve was visibly angry at Robbins for interrupting. He took a deep breath and started over again. “For as long as I can remember, I fantasized about killing people. As a kid, it was usually my parents. I had a few problems with controlling my temper, but nothing serious until I went to the pen for the first time. I was forcefully raped there and that changed my whole outlook on life. Anyway, that was where I met Willie. We spent hours talkin’ and he told me about the time that he killed a nigger that raped him. He said that it gave him such a rush that he could hardly keep from doing it again.” He reached down on the table and picked up a pack of cigarettes, took one out and lit it. “I got raped again on my second time to the pen and there was nothing that I could do about it. No way to get back at those bastards. I just swallowed my anger and went on about my business until I got paroled. The very day I got out, I caught the bus to Houston and I was just standin’ there on the street corner waitin’ for the light to change when this bitch came up drivin’ her fancy car and asked me if I wanted a ride.”
	“And that would be Trisha Fomby?” the Texas Ranger asked.
	“Yeah, whatever her name was,” Steve answered him before continuing on. “She was old enough to be my Mama. In fact, she kinda reminded me of my Mama. So, we went to the beach and I killed her there. I stole her car, her money and her credit cards.”
	“What did you do with her car?” the Ranger asked.
	“After I killed her, I drove out to Willie’s house. Me and him and this other asshole named Robbie dumped it into Lake Amistad. When you find the car, you’ll also find Robbie stuffed in the trunk. I killed him that night because he was one of the bastards that raped me when I was in the joint.” Steve suddenly laughed and shook his head. “That stupid asshole didn’t even recognize me!”
	“Where did you go next?” the Ranger asked. 
	“We went over to Sonora and I paid my Aunt Betty a little visit. After I killed her, we went to Odessa. It was late at night and this bitch wouldn’t sell us any beer. So, we took the beer and her with us. We kicked the body out in the street that morning when we finished with her. Then there was that chick in Albuquerque, but I ain’t talkin’ about that until the cops in New Mexico cut me a deal.”
	Marshal Reyes ran his fingers through his graying hair to slick it back on the sides. “And what kind of deal do you want, Steve?” he asked.

	Nelson, Robbins and Reyes were sitting in a bar having a drink that night. Robbins seemed particularly bothered by Steve’s confession. “I can’t believe that guy, he’s hardly old enough to shave and he’s killed all these people.” He shook his head. “And the way he talks about it, smiling and laughing, he doesn’t show any remorse at all for what he’s done. It’s like he’s got ice water running through his veins.”
	“And if that other ignorant son of a bitch hadn’t drove that motor home off that cliff, the body count would be continuing,” Reyes added.
	“What’s wrong with the damned system?” Nelson asked them. At least eight people are dead on the account of this loser and the crazy bastard has already been to the pen twice!”
	“Well, he’s never get out again, that’s for sure,” Reyes said.
	“I gotta find me another line of work,” Robbins told them. “This shit is getting to me.”
	Reyes shook his head. “Well, our boy is a popular bastard. The news media is all over this. Tomorrow, I get to take him to Albuquerque to talk to the District Attorney there and then it’s on to Texas where he’ll get paraded around all over the state.”
	“Kinda makes you sick to your stomach, doesn’t it?” Nelson asked.
	“I dread hauling the son of a bitch back to Albuquerque,” Reyes told them. “I was hoping that one of you gentlemen would drive him for me.”
	Nelson smiled. “No, thanks. I’ve seen enough of that sick bastard to last me for a lifetime.”
	“Me, too,” Robbins said.
	“I didn’t think I could talk you guys into that,” Reyes grinned.
	“I’ll tell you what, if you can stand to talk to the sick bastard, he can tell you some pretty good stories” Robbins said to Reyes. “Did you know that he used to be a pretty good football player? If you don’t believe it, just ask him,” he smiled.
	Reyes stood up from the table. “I just might do that,” he said leaving a tip on the table for the waitress. He smiled at his two friends. “I’m in room 218 at the Holiday Inn. You’ll let me know when you’re ready to release the prisoner, won’t you?
	“Sure, we’ll give you a call,” Nelson assured him.


	

	
	
	





CHAPTER 12

	Steve was sitting in the of back Reyes’ car handcuffed and shackled as Reyes drove out of Denver. “You might as well relax,” Reyes said looking at him in the rearview mirror. “It’s a long way to Albuquerque.” He turned the radio on and set the volume loud enough to heard, but low enough for conversation. “I heard that you were a good football player in school.”
	“That’s right. Some people say that I was headed for the pros,” Steve lied.
	“That’s pretty impressive for a guy that never went to college. What happened?”
	“Some fuckin’ pigs busted me one night with some pot and the coach kicked me off the team.”
	“That’s a shame.”
	“My old man thought so,” Steve smiled. “My football was a lot more important to him than it was to me. It really didn’t make a shit to me.”
	“So, what does make a shit to you, Steve?”
	“Nothing. Just partying and havin’ a good time.”
	“And you call killing people having a good time?”
	“Seemed to be the thing to do at the time.”
	“What did those people ever do to you?”
	“Nothin’ except for Aunt Betty.”
	“What did Aunt Betty do?”
	“She was a slut. I know why she wanted me to come stay with her while my parents were in Saudi and I was on probation. She just wanted someone around to fuck her when she wanted some. She was a bitch; she even got jealous when I got a girlfriend.” She was just like my Mother,” Steve said shaking his head. “Of all the people I killed, I think I enjoyed killing her the most.”
	“What about that first lady in Texas. The one that gave you the ride. Why did you kill her?”
	“Because she reminded me of my Mother and Aunt Betty,” Steve answered,
	“Is that a fact?”
	“Hell, yes, it’s a fact! She was an older bitch that talked all the time, but she really never did say anything. You know what I mean? A lonely, desperate bitch that could never get a man because she talked too much.” Steve suddenly laughed. “I’ll tell you what, man, she was the first person I ever killed and I knew right then and there that she wouldn’t be the last. I got such a rush from that! She sure as hell shut up when I started choking the hell out of her! He eyes bugged out and her face turned real red. I’ll never forget that for as long as I live,” he laughed.
	“What about that girl from Albuquerque?” Reyes asked.
	“What about her?”
	“She wasn’t an older woman. She was hardly more than a kid.”
	Steve looked out the window for a moment. “She was almost dead when I got to her. Willie made sure of that,” he said looking at Reyes through the rearview mirror wondering why he would ask him about that murder.

	Steve was still handcuffed and sitting in the back seat eating his burger and fries at a Sonic Drive In. “Man, this is a good hamburger. It beats the hell out of jail food,” he said between bites and chewing. 
	“I’m glad you’re enjoying it, Steve,” Reyes said just before taking a bite of his own. “I guess that they don’t serve food like this in jail, do they? Or prison either, for that matter, huh?”
	“No, they don’t, but prison food is a lot better than jail food,” Steve answered. “That little jail that I was in down in Sonora, man, their food sucked! The jailer there just half asses cooked it and when he wasn’t in the mood, he just let the prisoners cook. I know because I fixed meals there myself.”
	“Are you a good cook, Steve?”
	“No.”
	“Well, I was just wondering what kind of job they’ll put you to doing in prison.”
	“Job? Shit, I ain’t gonna do nothin’ in prison. They’ll just have me locked away somewhere in some maximum security cell.”
	“Better you than me.”
	“Why do you say that?” Steve asked him. “Prison ain’t so bad. You ain’t gotta worry about house payments, car payments, food or doctor bills. Everything is furnished for you. Dental work, everything, it’s free. Fuckin’ taxpayers will have to pay for it. They’ll be payin’ room and board for me for the rest of my life.”
	“What about getting raped again?” Reyes asked smiling. “You didn’t like that part of it, did you?”
	Steve gave Reyes a go to hell look to end the conversation. Reyes chuckled at his reaction as he cranked the car up and drove on down the highway. 

	When they reached Raton, New Mexico, Reyes stopped at a convenience store and turned back to Steve smiling. “I gotta run in here a minute and I’ll be right back.” He got out of the car, locked it and went inside leaving Steve sitting there shackled to the floor of the car. He returned a couple of minutes later carrying a bag of items that he had bought in the store. “Steve you’re not in a big hurry to get down to Albuquerque, are you?” he asked as he got back in the car.
	“I’ve got all the time in the world,” Steve answered wondering what Reyes had in mind.
	“That’s good because I got us a six pack of beer in there. All this driving today has made me thirsty,” he told him as he started the car. “I thought we’d take a little drive up in the mountains and drink it.”
	Steve smiled. “That sounds good to me. It’ll be a long time before I get to drink another beer.”
	“That was just what I was thinking. You know, I kinda like you, Steve, so I just wanted to do something special for you.”
	
	Reyes parked the car in an isolated area of the mountains along a dirt road. “This looks like a place where we can party,” he said as he got out and then opened Steve’s door. He unlocked the shackles from his ankles and Steve got out of the car. Reyes saw a large flat rock on the edge of the cliff that overlooked a scenic area below. “Let’s go over there and sit down.
	Steve sat down on the large rock while Reyes opened them each a beer. “Sorry, but I can’t take the handcuffs off, Steve.”
	“I understand.”
	“Now, you ain’t gonna tell nobody about this, are you?”
	“No way,” Steve laughed.
	“That’s good because I sure don’t want to get into any kind of trouble.” Reyes took a sip of beer and looked around the countryside. “You know, we’ve talked a little bit today about some of the murders and I know that we agreed that we shouldn’t discuss this one, but I can’t help but be a little curious about the girl from Albuquerque. Oh, I know what you’re thinking, but I can promise you that you can forget about me testifying at the trial. It just ain’t gonna happen. All I am is a delivery boy; it’s just my job to get you down to Albuquerque. So, come on and tell me a little bit about it.”
	“Why do you wanna know?”
	“Like I said, I’m just curious.”
	Steve gulped down the last of his beer. “I’ll tell ya about it if I can have another beer,” he smiled.
	Reyes laughed while pulling out another beer from the sack and handed it to Steve. “Hell, we gotta drink it all up before we can leave here anyway!”
	Steve opened the beer and took a drink. “Well, me and Willie was drivin’ through Albuquerque that night and when we passed by this quick car wash, we saw this hot lookin’ chick out there washin’ her car all by herself. We just thought that we’d get a piece of that fine stuff, so we pulled in and washed the car and, when the time was right, Willie jumped her ass and forced her into the car.” Steve broke out laughing at the memory of the abduction. “Oh, man, she fought like a hellcat at first and then Willie started beatin’ the shit out of her. He told me to drive out to the country and on the way; he told this bitch to suck him off. She started cryin’ and stuff, but Willie made her anyway. While she was givin’ him a blow job, she bit the shit out of his dick. That’s where she really fucked up because that pissed Willie off and he started beatin’ the hell out of her and burnin’ her with cigarettes.”
	“Burning her?” Reyes asked.
	“Yeah, he’d beat the shit outta her and then he would hold her down and burn her. He burned her face, her legs, her arms, her neck and he even burned her pussy,” he laughed. “She begged and begged, but nothin’ would stop him. He just kept on beatin’ her, burnin’ her and fuckin’ her over and over! There wasn’t much life in her by the time that he got through with her and then it was my turn. I just started fuckin’ her and while I was fuckin’ her, I started to choke her because I knew that we had to kill this bitch.”
	Reyes had heard enough to make his blood boil. He suddenly stood up, took his pistol out of the holster and stuck it to Steve’s head. “I’m gonna kill your worthless ass right here,” he shouted at Steve.
	Steve was shocked and suddenly scared. “Why? What did I do?”
	“Because that girl was my sister’s daughter,” he shouted. “She was my niece!” Me and my wife practically raised that girl and she was a good kid too! She was bright and beautiful and she had a future in this world until you two worthless bastards came along and killed her for no fucking reason! You made her last minutes of life hell on earth and that’s exactly what I’m gonna do to you!” He stood there puffing trying to catch his breath and to compose himself a little bit. “I’m gonna kill you and I don’t give a damn what they do to me. I’ve been planning on this sine the first time I ever saw your fucking face! I was careful too. I never told anybody who that girl was to me because I was afraid that they would try to protect you from me!”
	Steve suddenly started crying as he looked up at him. “Please don’t kill me! You can’t kill me; you’re sworn to uphold the law!”
	“Not no more! All that matters to me is that I send you to hell where you belong.”
	“Please don’t kill me,” Steve begged for his life crying. “Oh, God, help me!”
	Reyes took a few steps back and just as he took aim with his pistol, he heard a vehicle coming down the dirt trail. He lowered the gun and put in back in his holster. He turned to see a man driving up in a jeep.
	“You haven’t seen anything of two hikers up here, have you?” he asked as the jeep stopped. “My son and his friend are hiking up here somewhere.”
	Reyes sighed and shook his head. “I didn’t know anyone was around.”
	Steve was standing at the edge of the cliff; it was only about fifteen feet tall. He looked over to Reyes talking to the man in the jeep and then back down at the cliff. It was his only chance to escape; he knew that Reyes was going to kill him as soon as he could get rid of the man looking for the hikers. Summoning all of his courage and with a look of determination on his face, he suddenly jumped.
	The man in the jeep saw Steve jump and suddenly pointed. “That man just jumped off the cliff!”
	Reyes turned and ran to the edge of the mountain and looked below, but there was no sign of Steve anywhere. He looked for a way to get down the side of the mountain and found a little trail. He quickly followed the trail and into the brush with his pistol drawn and expecting Steve to jump out at any moment.
	Steve was a little further on down the trail. He was tired and out of breath as he stopped near a tree to sit down for a moment. He heard someone walking through the brush and knew that it must be Reyes. He got up quickly to go hide in the bushes and while he was hiding there, he looked down and found a melon sized rock. He picked it up and waited.
	Reyes walked to the tree where Steve had been sitting and saw his tracks. He carefully looked the area over with a little smile on his face knowing that Steve was very near. “Come on out, Steve, it’s time to end this little game,” he called out. “I’m ready to finish the job.”
	Steve watched a Reyes come closer to the brush where he was hiding. When he was close enough, Steve leapt from the brush and hit Reyes in the head with the cantaloupe sized rock knocking him unconscious. Steve quickly got the pistol and began searching Reyes’ pocket for the keys to the handcuffs. He unlocked them from around his wrists, pitched the cuffs down on the ground and stepped back a few feet pointing the pistol at Reyes. He took aim at his chest and fired; Steve was surprised at how loud the shot was as the loud bang echoed through the mountains.
	The man that was driving the jeep and looking for the two hikers heard the shot. He quickly stopped the jeep, turned around and drove off in that direction. The two hikers also heard the shot and froze in their tracks. “Damn, that was close,” exclaimed the man in the jeep’s son.
	“Do you think it was your Dad tryin’ to find us?” his friend asked.
	The man’s son shook his head no. “Dad doesn’t have a gun.”
	The man in the jeep drove up where he saw Reyes, the car was still there, but no one was around. He got out of the jeep and ran over to the side of the mountain and called for his son, but there was no answer. He found the little trail that went down the mountainside and hurried down as fast as he could.
	Steve stepped out from behind a tree when the two hikers walked near him and pointed the pistol at them. “I need your clothes,” he told them. The two hikers looked at each other and without argument, started taking off their clothes.
	Meanwhile, the man that was driving the jeep came up on Reyes’ body laying there just as Steve had left him. He checked for a pulse to make sure that he was still alive. It was hard to tell because he was bleeding profusely from the bullet hole wound in his chest and from the side of his head where Steve had hit him with the rock. The pulse was weak, but the man could feel it. “Don’t worry, we’ll get you out of here,” he said as he lifted Reyes.
	The man was struggling to carry Reyes up the side of the mountain when he heard his son call out, “Dad, where are you?”
	“I’m over here! Come here and help me,” he puffed out of breath and exhausted.
	The two hikers come out of the brush in a few moments wearing nothing but their underwear.

	Steve was out of breath when he reached the top of the mountain where the jeep and Reyes’ car were parked. He ran to the car, got the keys out and threw them as hard as he could into the woods. He ran over to the jeep, turned the keys in the ignition and drove away.
	The man, his son and the friend finally got Reyes to the top of the mountain and discovered that the jeep was gone. They hurried to get Reyes to his car and lay him in the back seat. The man rushed to get under the wheel and found that the keys were gone. “Oh, son of a bitch!”
	The friend immediately started looking for the keys, the man’s son got out to help him. The man was feeling defeated as he sat there watching the two boys hunt for the missing keys. He knew that there was no time to waste, Reyes would be dead soon without the proper medical attention. Suddenly, static came over Reyes’ police radio in the car and the man smiled knowing that he could now easily get them some help.

CHAPTER 13

	Steve was driving the jeep down a seemingly deserted two lane highway the next morning when it began to spit and sputter and finally run out of gas. “Damnit to hell,” he shouted in frustration as he got out. He did not know where he was or where he was going, he just wanted to stay ahead of the law. He left the jeep sitting there and began walking down the lonely country road. He thought his luck was changing for the better when he saw a house sitting out in the rugged country like an oasis. He picked up his pace and thought that it was his lucky day as he neared the house and could see what appeared to be a teenage girl mowing the grass in her shorts. There was a car sitting parked in the garage. He smiled to himself and kept that smile on his face as he walked up to the house.
	The girl saw Steve approaching the house and turned off her lawn mower. “Can I help you?” she asked as he reached the yard fence.
	“Yes, you can,” Steve grinned. “I’ve had some car trouble back down the road a ways and I was wondering if I could use your phone.” He wiped the sweat from his face and smiled. “Could I please have a drink of water too?”
	The girl looked Steve over, he seemed harmless enough wearing the hiker’s clothes and she thought he was a good looking guy. “Come on in,” she smiled and started for the house to lead the way.
	Steve followed her inside the house and into the kitchen. “I sure appreciate this,” he told her.
	The girl poured Steve a glass of water from the kitchen sink and turned around smiling at him. He gulped the water down. “That was good.”
	“Want some more?” she asked.
	“No, thanks, that’ll do it,” he shook his head and began looking around the kitchen. “So, where’s your phone?”
	The girl started walking toward the living room with Steve following after her. “It’s in here.”
	Steve positioned himself between the phone and the girl so she could not see the pistol he had hidden in the back of his pants. “Where’s your parents?” he asked picking up the phone.
	“At work,” she answered and smiled. “They’d hang me if they knew that I let a stranger in the house.”
	Steve grinned as he began dialing the phone. “I’ll be out of here in a minute and they’ll never know that I was here.” He acted like the party that he had just dialed picked up the phone. “Hey, Frank, this is Steve,” he greeted his imaginary friend. “Man, I’ve had a little car trouble and I’m out here on,” he suddenly turned to the girl. “What road is this?”
	“This is 346, twenty nine miles east of Santa Fe,” she answered him.
	“This is highway number 346, twenty nine miles east of Santa Fe,” he said into the phone and then waited a moment. “Yeah, I sure would appreciate that if you could come get me.” He laughed. “About an hour then? Okay, I’ll start back toward the car now and I’ll be waitin’ on ya.” He hung up the phone and turned back to the girl. “Can I use the bathroom before I leave?”
	“Sure,” she pointed down across the house. “It’s the second door on the right down the hall.” Steve started walking toward the bathroom. “Do you want some more water before you leave?” she asked.
	“That would be nice,” he said over his shoulder. He stopped at the bathroom door and turned back to watch her as she headed for the kitchen.
	The girl was in the kitchen getting some snack cakes out of the bread box for her guest. She heard Steve come back inside the kitchen and when she turned around to say something to him, she saw that he was standing there naked with the pistol in his hand. He pointed the gun at her with a serious look on his face. “Time to get naked, bitch!”
	The girl suddenly turned to run and he fired a shot through the kitchen wall. The girl stopped in her tracks and turned around to face Steve, she started crying knowing that she was completely at his mercy. She slowly started taking off her clothes.
	Steve stood and watched the whole time the girl was getting undressed. She cried and begged him not to hurt her, but that did not matter to him. He stepped over to her and knocked her down with his fist. The girl was crying hysterically as he crawled on top of her lying on the kitchen floor. He just wanted to penetrate her and have an orgasm while he choked the life out of her, but the loud crying was breaking his concentration. He sat the gun down and grabbed her throat with both hands, he knew that she could not cry or beg for her life if she had no air. The girl’s eyes rolled up in her head as he tightened his grip and her body went limp. After he had reached his climax, he got up leaving the girl lying in the kitchen floor and went to the bathroom to get dressed.

	A police helicopter was flying over the area and Sergeant James spotted the jeep sitting on the side of the road with his binoculars. He quickly turned to the pilot and pointed into that direction. “There it is. Let’s fly over for a closer look and we’ll double check the description.”
	The pilot turned the helicopter and flew toward the jeep at a lower altitude. He hovered over the jeep and made sure that it was the vehicle that they were looking for. “That’s it alright, but there’s no one around,” Sergeant James told the pilot. “If they’re on foot, we’ll find ‘em.”
	Steve was digging through the garage and had found a five gallon can full of gasoline when he heard the helicopter fly over. When he was certain that they had gone on, he came out of the garage and back into the house carrying the can of gas. He frantically looked through the kitchen cabinets for matches. “Where the matches, bitch?” he shouted at the girl although he knew that she was dead. He found some near the kitchen stove. “Now, we’re ready to have a cookout!” He rushed back outside and began pouring the gasoline all over the house. He struck a match and tossed it, the gasoline immediately ignited and the flames engulfed the house everywhere it was poured. He stood there watching for a moment with a little smile of satisfaction on his face before turning and calmly walking away.

	Sergeant James and the pilot were continuing on with their search and were several miles away in the helicopter from where they had found the jeep. “We might as well turn back. There’s no way he could have gotten this far without somebody giving him a ride and I hope that didn’t happen,” James told the pilot.
	“What about that house we saw?” the pilot asked as he turned the helicopter around. “He could be there. It’s the only damned house for miles around here.”
	“We’ll check it out,” James said.
	They could see the smoke as soon as they were turned around and headed back into that direction. “Is that house on fire?” James asked pointing ahead.
	“Looks that way,” the pilot answered.
	
	The teenage girl was not dead; she awoke from her unconsciousness and opened her eyes to see the billowing gray smoke just above her as she laid there in the floor where the air was still clear. The smoke was so close that she could reach out and touch it. She continued to lay there for a moment wondering what it could be and why it would be in the kitchen. It then dawn on her that Steve had set the house on fire. She quickly crawled out of the kitchen and into the living room. 
	Steve was several hundred feet away from the house when he heard the helicopter coming. Knowing that it was the police, he took out the pistol and waited for them to get closer.
	Sergeant James saw Steve on the ground and pointed him out to the pilot. “There’s our boy!”
	Just then, three shots hit the helicopter. “That son of a bitch is shooting at us,” the pilot shouted.
	Sergeant James got his rifle and positioned himself to take aim. “Just get me a little closer and I’ll take him out,” he ordered the pilot.
	Steve fired three more shots at the helicopter and one of the rounds hit the pilot in the head instantly killing him. The helicopter quickly went out of control and crashed into the ground. James was thrown from the helicopter on impact. His leg was broken and his femur bone was protruding through his clothes as he mindlessly managed to sit up on the ground trying to collect his thoughts. Steve came walking toward him aiming the pistol and fired, but missed. He took a few more steps toward James and fired again, and once again, he missed. He walked up to point blank range and held the pistol to the dumfounded sergeant’s head. He pulled the trigger. The hammer clicked, but there was no more ammunition left in the gun. Steve stood there for a moment with a confused look on his face and then suddenly smiled. He threw the gun down and lunged forward knocking James down on his back. Steve got on top of him and started choking him with both hands. James was prying at his hands trying to break free, but he was not able to put up much of a fight because of his injuries. 
	Suddenly, a shot rang out and Steve’s face lost all expression as he released his grip on James’ throat and fell over off of him. James made two attempts to sit back up and when he finally managed to do so, he looked around and saw the teenage girl standing there naked with her Father’s  12 gauge shotgun with a blank stare on her face as she stood there looking at Steve’s dead body. She finally took her eyes off of him and looked over to James. Without a word, she turned away and slowly began walking away toward her house which was now totally engulfed in flames.
	
	
	
	


	
