















“More Than Memories”
  By Kyle Robinson


























Copyright 2012
Smashwords Edition








This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold
or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person,
please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did
not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to
Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work
of this author.






























For Liz Butler, You believed in me when few others did, I can't thank you enough for that.
And to Mrs. Dee Dee Everett, without you helping me along this would still be a pile on the floor. 
I'd also like to thank Mr. Thomas Bente whose art has complimented all the work I've done thus far.
And finally, to Toni Branson who started a small group on Facebook that turned around and helped
lead me to the decision that I wanted to write for a living for the rest of my life. 





















Table of Contents

Forward
Writer's Eyes
The Vessel Full of Memories
Ghetto Girl
2100 Maple St
The Edge
April Poetry A Day Challenge Section
The Watchtower
A Heart Full of Lead
Viral
Pain
The 7th Circle Railway
Decelerations of the Departed
Gingerbread House
Broken Nightmares
Learning Curve
Bombshell
Better Off
More Than Memories
The Lonely Road
A Night In Paradise
In Satan We Trust
Unopened Doors
Here's To You
Momma's Worst Nightmare
The Lights Behind The Bridge
Behind The Curtains
The Text Message
The Satan Inside
The Thrill Ride
Gasping for Air
Afterward: The Dark Nightmares That Live
Preview: “Life After Dark” 
About The Author

The Mind Works in Mysterious Ways- A Forward
By Kyle Robinson

What you’re holding in your hand really started for me close to a little over 11 years ago. I began writing as a kid just for something to do. I didn't think anything else of it until a teacher told me that the story I had written about Paul Bunyan was something that was beyond that of students she had seen at my grade,  that was the start of the journey I've been on ever since. 
However, the particular book was a project that started for me around three and a half years ago. I was in high school, didn't have a life and I began writing. I had just lost my first real girlfriend and life as it always does at that point sucked.  But I turned to my writing and buried myself in it. I wrote sometimes for hours scribbling words on the pages sometimes to the point where they didn't even make any sense. As the pages flowed and my imagination roared, I was proud of what I had done but never considered it anything more than just random poems and things that I had written. 
Then a couple of years ago, I met Elizabeth Butler, the woman to whom this book is dedicated. We hadn't been dating but for a few months and she told me that she wanted me to make her something, so I decided I would assemble some of the stuff that I had written into a small collection of poems that I called “Lights Behind The Bridge” and gave to her.  To my surprise she loved it. 
Around this time I began to realize that my radio career that I was determined to start was going nowhere due to a mix between the economy and poor timing and judgment and I was at a crossroads wondering what it was that I was going to do with my life because I wasn't set on just having a job, I wanted to start a career. Then one night while we were sitting around and talking Liz lit the light bulb above my head.
“Why don't you write?” 
I looked at her puzzled. 
“You’re good at it and you love to do it so why not write?” 
I didn't see any reason to argue with her so I started going through the different things that I had already written plus the things that I had recently written and began assembling. I realized quickly that the material that I had already written wasn't enough and that I needed more so I set to work.  
Fast forward six months and 172 pages later and I completed the first draft of “More Than Memories” but as I began reading I realized that collections have some sort of theme that ties them all together. I was at a loss for what it was that tied my poems and stories together and then it hit me like a ton of bricks. 
The Human Mind. 
In each of my poems and stories someone is pushed to a point where their mental stability and reasoning is tested. It's what tied “More Than Memories” all together. Now I know they say not to give away too much of your book in the beginning pages, and I don't believe that I am. I think that once you sit down and begin reading you will learn that you have a lot in common with the characters that I'm writing about. 
I also believe in turn that you will connect with those characters and you'll learn from their mistakes, feel their heartbreak and get close to the edge when they do. They say that the mind is a terrible thing to waste and I couldn't agree more. So I'd like to take a moment to say thank you for purchasing “More Than Memories” and I hope you enjoy the ride as much I enjoyed writing it. 






Writer's Eyes


Imagine a world where everything haunts you, 
Imagine a world where those you don't know, 
Are part of your everyday life, 
Imagine the voices calling to you at all hours, 
Imagine living in this hell. 

Now imagine that this world, 
Keeps spinning,
Screaming, crying and begging, 
For your attention, 
Imagine seeing things that can't be explained. 

These people are so drastically different, 
It's like staring at a timeline, 
Some of them young and others old, 
Some are noticeably dead, 
While others shine with life,

Then there are some, 
Whose faces tell stories so horrible, 
That most can't even put it into words, 
Others have a story, 
That hasn't yet been made. 

These variations are only the characters that you see,
Now if you would imagine the world that you’re in, 
Some call it imagination, 
I on the other hand, 
Call it my Reality. 

These worlds vary in colors, 
From Black to neon Pink, 
Writings on the walls, 
And blood in the air, 
But all are important in their own ways,

These worlds hold everything together, 
Everything happens here, 
And while they may change,
In your reality they don't exist, 
But to me nothing is more real,

In fact today alone,
I saw buildings color themselves, 
With Black X's, 
And their names replaced, 
With different things. 

It's all in a normal day's work for me, 
It's how my mind views the world,
How these worlds, 
How it's people 
Are shaped.

Then you have to factor in the nightmares, 
That haunt me on a daily basis, 
That tell me stories of their own, 
It's kind of scary to wake up, 
Expecting to see dead people, 

But these nightmares, 
Have given me all the inspiration that I need, 
To move forward, 
Some would see those daily nightmares as a cure, 
I see them as a blessing, 

It's quite a time to see the world, 
From my point of view, 
The signs change colors,
And the world shifts, 
Without warning, 

Everywhere I look, 
I see the heartaches of the people, 
Whose lives I haven't learned about yet, 
Then there are those who suffer,  
With the hell that I brought down on them,

This is the life that I live, 
And will continue to live, 
Until the inspiration no longer strikes me,
To write, 
And to live through words, 

Until then, 
Well until then I will continue to make your nightmares real,
My words are like angry daggers, 
Covered in blood, 
May you never sleep well again.

The Vessel Full of Memories

Welcome aboard let's take it all in, 
Everything so well preserved, 
In the words of poetry, 
So well written, 
That it now begs to be read, 

That's where you come in, 
My new best friend, 
The reader, 
Of the strange new possession, 
That is this book, 

I could tell you how much it tore me apart, 
To share with you the words, 
And the memories that I have, 
Within these pages but should I do that,
You'll know more than enough,

That maybe you'll debate on walking away, 
That maybe you'll put this down, 
And decide that this isn't for you, 
And I don't want to lose you, 
So early on, 

I would love to let you in, 
On a few secrets, 
But of course, 
I won't share it all within the first pages, 
Because, 

I can't let you in too much right here, 
After all this is the beginning, 
There's SO much more than this, 
Wrapped up and bound, 
In the pages of this collection, 

It's a promise, 
As twisted as this will sound, 
I want to promise you that this book, 
Will be something you've never seen before, 
And it's likely that you may never see something like it again,

This book will take you down dark alleys, 
Where you should have packed a gun, 
It will take you down well lit hallways, 
Where good will triumph over evil, 
And then there are other places, 

These places are so deep, 
So dark that trying to put, 
The essence of those pages into words themselves, 
Could very well be impossible, 
But not completely so, 

You've noticed that the title of this book, 
“More Than Memories” I'm sure, 
And there's a just reason, 
Why I would put such words on the front, 
And that reason is so very simple, 

“More Than Memories” Fits, 
So well, 
Because the book that you now possess, 
Is full of memories, 
Full of insight, 

Here's to hoping that you enjoy it, 
And consider this an opening shot, 
That's being fired, 
Because I'll warn you now, 
You’re in for a hell of a ride....




Ghetto Girl


The door slams shut, 
As she lifts herself off the bed, 
For the umpteenth time, 
The bruises around her eyes, 
Starting to swell, 

She walks to the mirror behind her door, 
A mirror that's told her story for years, 
And she touches her face, 
She feels the bruises, 
Swelling faster and faster, 

She'd like to think back to a simpler time, 
One when her life wasn't so bad, 
But she can't, 
Her life has been hell since she can remember, 
And it only continues to get worse, 

She sits back on the bed, 
Her face bruised, 
Beaten and battered, 
Her insides scared from the abuse, 
Living in the hell she has been, 

Downstairs the screams echo upward, 
Her drug induced mom, 
Screaming slurs, 
Claiming that this shit hole is below her, 
But that's a nightly rant for her mom, 

Her dad yells, 
In his alcohol induced rage, 
That the world doesn't put her on a pedestal, 
From above our girl listens, 
And is scared, 

The footsteps come back up the stairs, 
In her head she knows what's coming next, 
It's the never ending cycle of abuse, 
Verbal, Physical, Sexual, 
It's how her dad always gets when he's drinking, 

The door bust open, 
And before she can stop it the hand is at her mouth, 
And he forces her to the bed, 
She cries inside, 
But it's been like this for nearly four years, 

After he's done he gets up, 
Taps her chest and thanks her, 
Before stumbling out of the room, 
She cries herself to sleep, 
Praying for a better tomorrow, 

School is no better, 
People just don't seem to care, 
She keeps to herself, 
As she walks the hallways, 
Only wishing that she had a friend, 

She sees everyone in their happiest of moods, 
And wishes that was her, 
That she could live the life, 
Of someone who managed to be, 
Beautiful, 

The abuse continues, 
As the months roll by, 
Some weeks it's so much worse than the others, 
She doesn't know how to make it stop, 
Doesn't know how to make it go away, 

Then one day as sunlight shines,
On her dim and dark world, 
A friend comes along, 
Wanting to help her, 
But even this path will be a dark one, 

At first it seems like a great idea, 
Leaving home to be with her new friend, 
But soon she learns that there's more to this, 
Then meets the eye, 
That night she gets her first taste of the underworld, 

First it's the joints, 
With the smoke swirling ever higher, 
It takes her places, 
Where her problems don't exist 
She didn't think a place like that was real, 

But soon it's not enough, 
And she learns that there are other things, 
To hide away the pain, 
And the nightmares, 
So she asks for more, 

Next comes the spoons, 
Melted and polluted, 
With cocaine, 
Her heart leaps at the chance, 
To escape ever further, 

But as she climbs higher,  
So does her tolerance,  
As it all loses its effects, 
I need more she cries, 
As she's gotten used to a world with no pain, 

Next in swirling despair, 
Comes the needle, 
One so trivial and evil, 
That she doesn't even realize, 
What's about to happen, 

The Heroin takes hold, 
And spins her out of control, 
Further and further it goes, 
She can't stop it now, 
As her heart feels the greatest it's ever felt, 

She feels like life can't get any better, 
Everything she's wanted, 
Right at her finger tips, 
An escape only ever, 
A phone call away, 

Time ticks by, 
And soon her body begins to turn, 
But that internal fire,
Was something she never bargained for, 
And she wants to escape again, 

They told her it was the be all, 
End all, 
And that she would never feel,
This great again, 
They told her she had to try, 

So away she went, 
Into a world that was so dark, 
That no light could save her, 
But she felt great, 
Greater than ever in fact, 

The meth took hold, 
And further out of control, 
She couldn't stop herself, 
And in her mind she said, 
That she didn't want to, 

But with her, 
As reality always seems to do, 
Came crashing down around her one night,
The phone rang, and her freedom was gone,
Her friend had found herself on the wrong end of a bust, 

Jail time was a sure thing, 
She had learned that from her time in the underworld, 
But the worst part was now she had no one, 
All the junkies they knew, 
Weren't her friends at all, 

So she went back to the torment and torture, 
Of everyday life, 
Continual abuse,
And put up with it she did, 
Until withdrawal caught up with her, 

She heard the arguing, 
Hours in advance, 
And knew he was drunk again, 
She had taken time earlier while they were out, 
To plan for just such the event, 

He came up the stairs, 
And threw open the door, 
He was already trying to come at her, 
When she pulled the trigger, 
Once, twice, and a third, 

All the shots rang out, 
Loud and angry, 
And with each one she felt, 
More liberated, 
Then the last, 

She rolled his body off to the side, 
And spit directly in his face, 
That now lifeless face, 
It felt so, so good, 
But there was more to be done, 

She walked downstairs, 
And felt the smoke hit her nose, 
But it didn't affect her anymore,
She was far beyond that of weed, 
Instead she reacted as if nothing was there, 

She walked down through the kitchen,
To where her mom was sitting, 
As our girl came through the door, 
Her mother's eyes were wide, 
With the last words she ever heard, 

“You dirty little cunt how could you, 
Let him do that to his own daughter, 
Are you proud you little whore, 
I sure as hell hope so because soon, 
You'll both be rotting in hell together,”

She pulled the trigger, 
Once, twice, a third time, 
Every shot freeing her more than the last, 
In her heart she felt relieved, 
The pain could finally stop, 

Oh but not yet
Her mind told her, 
She knew what she had to do, 
She placed the gun on the table, 
And prepared for her final task, 

She secured the rope tight, 
And put the chair in place, 
Fear had never been her strong suit, 
As she prepared for the end, 
She knew that this would make it all go away, 

She left a note in case anyone cared to look, 
Not that she thought they would, 
She simply scribbled in her little handwriting, 
“They said they would look out for me and lied, 
Today is the day this nightmare I call a life ends.” 


2100 Maple St. 


“Are you sure we're in the right place?” Chris asked as he looked down at the paper in his hand and then back up to the abandoned home. 
“Let me check.” His brother David reached into the company van and pulled out the GPS. “It says we're at 2100 Maple Street, is that what the paper says?”
Chris nodded but still looked amazed. 
“What's wrong little brother?  Don't think we can do this one? After all the hell we've been through with these damn house flips in this economy, this thing should be a piece of cake.” 
“I don't think that the job itself is going to be the hard part man. I just don't see what in the world Kelly was thinking when she found this place.” 
David was pulling equipment out of the van as Chris stopped talking. He walked up sat the ladder down and put one elbow on Chris's shoulder. 
“Dude regardless of what she was thinking at the time, if her math is right and it usually is, we're going to make a lot of money off this house.”
Chris laughed. “Isn't that what she always tells us when she gets these rundown places?” 
Dave shrugged, “I guess so, but we ain't going to make anything if we don't get to work so quit your complaining, grab a tool belt and let’s head inside and get started.” 

****

They pushed the front door open and walked into the foyer. The outside wasn't pretty, with its' horrid blue green shade of mildew, broken windows, and horrible roof problem it was going to be one hell of a fix and Chris knew that, 15 years in the business taught him how to spot problems, but the inside was a much worse story. 
“What the hell is that?” Dave shot out as they walked further inside. 
“It looks like… yep that's a dead raccoon. You aren't afraid of a little road kill there are you Davey?” Chris laughed as he sat the ladders down. 
“Shut up ass.” Dave shot back but the smile on his face told a different story. “Where should we start?” 
Chris peered around at what was left of the foyer which wasn't a lot, and then decided. “Let's take a look around first.  It looks like there are two stories.  You take the upstairs and I'll take the downstairs.  We'll figure out just what all needs done and we can start figuring up how much it will cost.” 
“Great, send me upstairs. My luck the floor'll cave in and I'll end up in the hospital before we even start this job. That would be a first wouldn't it?” They both laughed. 

****

The house was in worse shape than Chris had originally thought. The bottom floor had 6 rooms: 2 bathrooms, a bedroom, the foyer, a dining room, and a kitchen.  The floors were destroyed in most places and the pillars had mold on them. The walls were also hideous with paint chipping off them in various places. Chris could only hope that the upstairs looked better than this.
“Hey Dave, how's it going up there?” he called. 
“I'm thinking this was a bad idea.” Dave shouted back.
Chris chuckled a bit, he hadn't thought it was a good idea from the start.
“Why what's wrong?” 
There was a long and drawn out pause. Just when Chris was about to call back he got an answer. “Things are just screwed up. The floor is dry rotted, the rooms are disgusting, just all in all everything is horrible man. It's gonna cost a ton to fix this place.” 
“What do you figure it will cost to fix just the upstairs?” 
“It's all gonna have to be replaced.” 
Chris wasn't paying attention anymore though, something had caught his eye. He started wandering toward the wall. He examined a symbol on the wall that looked like an X drawn inside of a giant square. He traced his finger around it. 
“What's that?” Dave's voice scared Chris back to reality as he jumped nearly a foot off the ground, his heart beat like fire inside his chest. 
“Good lord man, what the hell?  You gotta learn to warn someone.” 
“I've been yelling at you for the last 2 minutes and I've heard nothing out of you. It's not my fault that you’re not paying attention. What are you staring at anyway?” 
“I'm not sure, it looks like just a symbol on the wall but I think it's something else.”
“Does it open something special?” He laughed.
Chris eyed him. “I doubt it jackass, I just don't know why it was randomly drawn on the wall here.” 
“People are crazy. For all we know it could have been some strange sex game the old owners used to play, speaking of which do we know anything about them? 
Dave shook his head, “At least I don't. Not sure if Kelly does or not.  I can give her a call real fast and ask.” 
Chris nodded. 
“Anything else you want me to ask?”
“Yeah... ask her what the hell she was thinking buying this place.” 

****

While Dave was outside Chris looked around. He walked over to the other side of the room, looked close and noticed that there was another symbol drawn on the wall. This one looked almost identical to the other. He walked to the end of the room then back on the opposite end, each of these also had the symbol drawn on them. 
He traced each of them with his fingers.  They were all made of wood. They weren't raised out of the wall, in fact they didn't seem out of the ordinary at all. They caught Chris' attention though and that in itself threw him off.
“Alright man,” Chris looked back over his shoulder at Dave. “She said 1. She didn't think it would be that hard to fix it up by looking at the pictures and everything. I laughed at her, and 2. She said that the file was pretty well normal up until the final couple that owned the house. It was noted they were Satanists, and that they ended up committing suicide in the cellar of the house. They took their bodies out and condemned the house. The city lost its lean sometime last year and Kelly said she thought we could fix her up and flip it for a good price. She said she got it at a steal.” 
Chris stared at him for a moment. “No kidding? She got it for a steal? PEOPLE DIED HERE!” 
Dave looked at him with a smirk. 
“Are you done?” 
Chris stared in silence for a moment. “What the hell do you expect me to say?  The odds that someone will buy this house given that information is very slim. Factor in the time and the cost to fix this up and it doesn't seem like a good idea.” 
Dave thought this over for a minute, “Look, why don't we take a look down in the cellar. If it's that bad down there then we'll call it quits on this.” 
Chris sighed. “Alright fine, but if we run across a mouse or something down there I will freak the hell out.” 
“Quit being a bitch.” 
****

 They found the stone cellar door at the bottom of a small set of stairs. Dave reached up and pulled it open. The smell hit them before the dark, the moldy scent pushed through to Chris who instantly went pale. 
“Good lord it smells like they haven't opened this door in years.” 
Dave laughed. “Remember this place has sat abandoned for who knows how long.” 
He reached down and pulled the flashlight he grabbed out of the tool box as they were looking for the door. He flipped on the light and flashed it into the dark room. The narrow beam of light lit up the walls first. They walked forward.
“What is that?” Chris asked. 
They examined the wall closely.  They squinted their eyes and realized what they were staring at was a pentagram. “Looks like the rumors of Satanism were true.” Dave said as he turned around and found Chris crouched down on the floor and examining something with his flashlight. 
“What do you see?”
 Dave walked up past him, looked down and almost lost what little food he had eaten. He forced himself to not throw up as he looked over at Chris who returned his solemn gaze. 
“What happened to her?” 
Dave shook his head. “I'm not sure she's only a child. Is there anything else down here?” 
Chris flashed his light around. Along the back wall he saw an opening and started working his way toward it. 
“What's back there Chris?” 
Chris ignored him and kept walking.  Dave took one last look down at the toddler skeleton and then took off to keep up with Chris. He managed to catch him right at the hole in the wall that Chris had spotted. 
“What is it?” 
“Not really sure, but I feel like we should go down this way.” 
Dave looked down at the ground while they were walking. He felt like this was a bad idea but he didn't stop against his better judgment. They walked as the cellars tight walls began to pull away and grow into a larger alcove. Dave stopped here and looked around with his light. 
“My God...” 
Dave looked over at Chris who stood opened mouthed looking around at the room. He turned back and flashed the light around the room, which had to be at least fifteen feet tall and over fifty feet wide. All along the walls were shelves lined with books, in the center were tables with things on them that he couldn't make out from where he was. 
“What is this place?” Chris heard Dave, he sounded distant but it brought him back down to earth. 
“I don't know man, but something tells me that we need to get out of here. Just a gut feeling I've got.” Dave looked over as Chris shook his head. 
“I'm not leaving yet I want to know what we got ourselves into.” With that Chris walked toward the center of the room. His footsteps echoed loudly off the stone walls and with each step forward Dave got more and more uneasy, but as Chris reached the table without incident he felt that lift. Dave walked slowly forward and then called over to him. 
“What's that on the table?” 
Chris was looking down but Dave joined him before he got an answer. The table was lined with papers, most of them in a different language with strange markings them. 
“What are these?” 
“I don't know,” He looked around the room with his light.  That was when he noticed the door on the back wall almost invisible between the shelves that lined it. 
“What the hell...” Chris walked over to it. He shined his light down on the knob which was covered in dust. He tried to open it but the knob never moved. He examined it with the light briefly before settling on the words at the top. 
“Ostium ad aeternum” 
Dave turned to look at him, “What?” 
“That's the words at the top, ‘Ostium ad aeternum.’  What do you think it means?” 
“Not the slightest idea.” 
Chris had switched his attention from the door to a shelf of books next to it. He crouched down and scanned them all with his flashlight. He looked from spine to spine for what felt like hours before Dave spoke up. 
“What are you looking for?” 
At that Chris pulled out two books that were stacked side by side. He tucked them under his arm and looked at Dave with a smile.
“Reading Material.” 
****

“Ostium ad aeternum” The little girl said.
“What?” Chris replied. 
“Ostium ad aeternum” She began to laugh and skip off. 
Chris ran after her but he saw nothing. She was gone. 
“What the hell is going on here?” 
The laughter started again, this time it was loud and shrill and slowly began changing. Chris was looking around but couldn't find the the voice. He took steps in all four different directons but realized he was wasting his time. The voice spoke up again only this time it was darker. 
“You’re playing games sir, you’re going to start walking a tightrope and it's going to come back and be the death of you. Do you have any idea what it is that you’re getting into.” 
Chris stood dumbfounded. 
“DO YOU?” It growled, there was a minute of silence before it spoke again. “For years, people have reached into their minds thinking they can understand just what it is that we do. Just what it is that we believe, and for years it's continued to destroy them. Our guards are sent to deal with those who think that davelling into our world is something smart. Our guards are on standby, they know just what you’re trying to find and where it's at. We will find you Chris, and your brother as well.” 
“We're not trying to find anything.” Chris said. 
“Ostium ad aeternum... You want to know what that means don't you?” 
“Well yes but we're only out to remodel the house. We found that in the basement and I was curious what it meant. That little girl was saying that a second ago do you know what it means?” 
“Yes Chris, I know what it means but I have no interest in telling you. As for that little girl,” The voice cut off suddenly and the little girl walked into view. She couldn't be no more then six. She looked up and Chris watched with horror as her skin began to fall off her arms. She began to cry out in pain and Chris noticed her tears were red like blood. He watched on unable to look away as first her arms decayed away then her face. As the last of her face fell away her eye shined with one last tear and her screams finally stopped. 
“What the hell is going on here?” Chris yelled. He turned his head around realizing that he was once again all alone. He was looking at the walls of his bedroom. 
“Thank god.. It was just a dream.” Chris climbed out of bed and went downstairs. He grabbed some water out of his icebox and sat down at the dining room table. He took a drink before realizing the books he had taken from the house were sitting below him. 
“It was only a dream,” he told himself as he put his glass down and started looking at the books. The first one didn't provide much though he just scanned the Table of Contents. He was mid way through the table of the second book when the words caught his eye.
“Ostium ad aeternum,” he said outloud and turned the book to the start of the chapter. He looked at the drawing of a huge stone door located on the front.  He looked at the title to make sure that he was reading it right, then he looked below the picture in small print it read. Ostium ad aeternum translates in English to The Doorway to Eternity.

****

Many people know the history of the supernatural. Most, however, have never heard of The Doorway to Eternity, and those who have know little about how it works and why it's here. That changes today. 
Over the past few chapters you've read about spirts, devils, witches, and other things that have used The Doorway for their own doings but what exactly is The Doorway To Eternity and why is it pronouced as Ostium ad aeternum in a lot of places? 
The phrase Ostium ad aeternum comes from the latin language in the 18th century. History says that John Cidel, a sailor found the first doorway off the coast of what became Latin America. His journals detailed his journey from Spain to Latin America, he was on land for only a day when he stumbled upon the door which he found inside a cave. 
He said that it looked like a slab on the cave wall but above it he found the words Ostium ad aeternum. The crew him said that the door opened easily and that he went in with 2 men. Weeks passed and just as the men begin to lose hope John reemerged appearing to be beaten half to death, however the two men with him were never seen again. 
John never spoke of what he saw behind the door but after his death documents were found that recounted some of his activity on the other side of the door. Some of that documentation that still survives follows: 
“Days seemed to pass behind that door. Neither my men nor myself could figure out exactly where we were.  I can distincly remember 3 different places, the first had lush fields with upright walking reptiles that spoke. We were held here for how long I do not know. Eventually we were allowed to speak to their leader who stood 7 foot, his head was a deeper shade of green and had markings that set him apart. When he spoke his tongue lashed against the air, though we couldn't understand anything that he said. We attempted to explain that we didn't know how we got to where we were and just wanted to go home. He seemed to understand and sent us on our way only after stripping us of our goods. 
We wondered back the way we came until we finally stumbled across the door that we believed would lead us home. This door also decieved us as it lead us to a land that was nothing but red. The air was hot and the sky seemed to always stay dark. The things we ran into here spoke our language and we explained to them what had happened. We were fed and provided a change of clothes. We were here for what could have been 2 days though time there seemed different. Alas we were eventually told we needed to leave and once again headed back the way we had come, and once again we found the door as we had left it. 
We entered it a third time, and this time we ended up just outside a meeting. The woman was speaking in tongues as we approached but fell silent as soon as she heard our footsteps. She turned to us pointed, and her men took us captive. We were lead to a small area and held, until the woman joined us. 
“Do you know where you are?” She asked. 
We shook our heads. 
“The door you came through, we call it The Door to Eternity. Do you know why?” 
We shook our heads again. 
“We've had plenty of vistors come through that door. It acts as a passage of sorts between worlds. But not knowning how to use it, much like you don't can lead you to wonder just as you have. Now, out of the kindness of my heart and because I truely believe that you mean no harm, I will let you get home. However, I want something in return.” 
I nodded and the woman smiled. She pointed to the two men that were at my left. At first I didn't understand but I got it rather quickly. I understand that leaving my men behind is something I will likely have to pay for with my next life but I wanted out, at that time no price was too steep. 
She explained to me that her men would help me get home. She took my men one way and I was lead to a pair of men by the door that we came through. Before she sent me on my way she asked one last question. 
“How did you get through the door?” 
“It just opened,” I said looking at her puzzled. “Why?” 
“Because only the touch of the blessed, or the blood of the innocent can open the door.” 
I still don't understand quite what that means but I left. I was given to the pair of men who took me to an area and beat me. I can only assume that she offered the orders either because she didn't believe me, or believed that we were a threat after all but when I came to I was walking back into the company of the rest of my men. As we sailed I asked how much time had passed, they told me somewhere between two and three weeks but that's hard to believe because as I remeber it was 5 maybe 6 days at the most. 
I can't explain how anything I saw behind that door fits into reality but I can say that until the day I die it's something that I never want to remember, but will likely never  forget. The lizard still haunts my dreams and though the other two vistors seemed human enough in my mind I know they're not. Either way, The Door of Eternity, as they called it, is something that I never want to find again.”
The words of John Cidel drove interest in the Door to Eternity for nearly 200 years. People believe that there are multiple doors, Some have been found others have been built, however it's never been discovered if these doors lead to anything. Most people have not been too anxious to try them. 
However, there are reports that some of these doors have been used by satanist as a way to try and find a doorway into the gates of hell. None of this has ever been confirmed but it's one of the widest reported uses for these doors. A true estimate of how many of them there are, but if John Cidel's words are true and you find Ostium ad aeternum above a door in yours or someone else's home then it's likely you could be look---ing at a Door to Eternity. 
****

The next day Chris met up with David to talk over their plans for the house. When Chris arrived Dave was already seated and drinking a cup of coffee and as Chris approached him he looked scared. 
“What in the hell?” Dave asked. 
“Sorry, I haven't slept in two days.” 
“Why not?” 
“I've been studying that door we found. It's been on my mind and I can't seem to get any sleep.” 
“I'll say,” Dave shot a smile at his brother. “You look like hell.” 
“Thanks a lot Queen Elizabeth, now why are we here?” 
The smile on Dave's face disappered. “I wanted to talk to you about that latest purchase.” 
Chris looked puzzled. “What about it?” 
“I think we should back out. I've given it a lot of thought and I figured through a lot of numbers but it just doesn't seem like there's any way we can really win this one. I think it's something we should walk away from before we lose any more money.” 
Chris sat in silence for a minute. He ran thoughts over his brain left and right then finally he spoke. “If that's what you think, I can't really argue, but before we walk away I have to know man.” 
It was Dave's turn to look puzzled. “Know what?”
Chris watched him carefully chosing his next words. “That door we found, leads to worlds beyond our imagaination. There's ever only been one documented case of someone surviving it, but what he saw was amazing.”
Dave shook his head. “There's no way I'm going to let you open some strange door in the cellar of a house we bought to flip just because your curiousity is nagging you. Even more so if there's only one person surviving.” Dave caught himself in the middle of what he said and he looked at Chris even more puzzled then before. “Surviving what?”
Chris looked down at his feet, the situation was very strange to him and he believed in things like this, Dave on the other hand believed anything but. 
“The door in the cellar leads to something much bigger than our world. What if it leads to the secrets that we've all been looking for?” 
Dave laughed right in his face. “How do you know this? How do you know that door isn't just a closet door, or just a door that leads to nothing but a safe?  Hell who knows what else it could be.” 
Chris reached down into his bag. “I was afraid that you'd say that so I thought I'd bring this with me to show you what I saw.” He laid the book that he had read through the night before up on the table. Dave looked at it with no interest. He flipped the book open to the page that he had marked and spun it around. 
“Read this.” 
Dave leaned forward and stared at the book for a moment. His expression didn't change as he looked back up at Chris. “What does this mean?” 
Chris's jaw dropped.
“This door could be something that could lead us into worlds that we'd only dreamed of. It could give us answers that we've been looking for. I want to open this door and I want to figure out what's behind it, what lies back there. I HAVE to know.” 
Dave looked back at his brother over his cup, his face was still blank. 
“Say something man, I feel like I'm talking to a wall.” 
There was a long pause, Dave continued to stare until he finally broke his silence.
“Remember the last couple to own the house. How did it all end, do you remember?”  
“They comitted suicide?” 
“Exactly, after we left, I did some digging, it turns out the bodies were found right outside that door. And according to police files that small skull we found belonged to their baby. Reports read, that the couple cut off it's head before killing themselves, they found the bodies a few days later. A motive was never discovered.” 
“Hmmm...” Chris said deep in thought.
“See, it's a bad idea man. Plus, weren't you the one who was upset by the fact that people had died in the house? Isn't it you that said that no one would buy the house? Why do you suddenly care if we keep it or lose it?” 
“From the business side of things, I don't want us to lose money, I understand that selling that house would be a challenge if not downright impossible. On a personal level, once I read what that door was all about and I had a dream about it, I want to know what's behind it.” 
“You had a dream about it?” Dave leaned back in his chair, he was sure HE was dreaming by now the conversation with him and Chris couldn't seem to find normal ground to stand on. 
“Yeah... well kind of.” 
“I've got to hear this.” 
Chris flagged down a waiter and ordered a drink for himself and settled back and told Dave about his enouncter with whom he believed was the headless daughter.

****

That night Dave found himself laying in bed thinking over everything Chris had told him. In his head he knew that none of it could be true it was all way too crazy. But he knew that his brother believed it which was something he didn't see very often out of Chris. He climbed out of bed and walked over to the window. The fog was dense and the moon was so high that it lit up the entire front yard. Dave looked back at his wife in bed, smiled then turned his attention back to the yard and almost screamed. 
In the front yard just below the fog and barely visable from where he was he saw what appeared to be a person. His heart raced as he turned and walked back to his bedside table and grabbed his .44 pistol and went back, the person was gone. 
Dave climbed down the stairs holding his breath. Take it slow He thought, or you'll fall and break your damn leg. Fear made his heart race as he reached the bottom of the stairs. He turned the knob of the front door and opened it only to find the yard still completely empty. 
He walked out looking left then right and finally walked out to where the thing had been standing. He turned around and saw nothing before settling on the house and looking up at the window. When he did he was frozen with fear. The thing was standing in the window peering out at him. He started to run but a cold shrill laugh stopped him in his tracks. He looked up again and the thing was gone but the laugh continued, once it finally started to die down, Dave spoke.
“What are you? What do you want?” 
“It isn't about what I want.” Came an invisible little girl’s voice. 
“I don't understand.”
She laughed again. “You talk like you’re being abducted. I have no plans to take you, nor do I want anything. I'm only here to warn you.” 
“Warn me? About what?” 
The laugh started again but unlike with Chris it stayed small and full of happy sounds instead of turning into something evil. “Your brother has stumbled onto a doorway that few can open. We're not sure of what his intentions are from this side but we know that if he can open it, what comes next won't be a good thing.” 
“Why is that?” 
“Because, your brother is mortal, he's got nothing special running through his veins and for him to walk amongst those in the Doorway to Eternity would be a mistake that he wouldn't live to regret.” 
“But he talked about someone who documented their journey to that world, whatever that world is, and he came back alive.”
The little girls voice laughed again. “John Cidel. We remember him, oh we remember him well. He was let go but two of his mates were kept do you know why David?” 
Dave shuttered. “No why?” 
“Because they weren't special, they didn't have what it took to make it back to your world, and your brother won't either.” 
The voice fell silent. Dave turned to walk back to the house assuming that the conversation was over. He had made it to the door and turned back to realize the fog was gone. He stumbled back up the stairs and climbed back into bed. “This is all just one horrible bad dream.” He muttered before falling back into an uneasy sleep. 
****

Chris pulled into the driveway, his thoughts were all over the place until he pulled down next to the house. That was when he saw Dave sitting on the steps to the rotting porch, the look on Dave's face told a story that words could never come close to. Chris pulled around, parked and got out. 
“What's wrong bro?” 
Dave looked up and Chris almost stopped breathing. The bags under Dave's eyes were horrible, He looks like a junkie that hasn't slept in weeks, Chris thought. 
“I saw things last night man. Things that were FAR beyond the explanation of rational. Your dreams, they came to me last night, only for me they were in my front yard. I TALKED to the girl. She sent me a warning that she wanted passed onto you.” 
“A warning?” 
“Yes, she told me that what you wanted to do, it was going to end up causing more harm then good and hurting everyone involved.”
“She said that?” Chris knew there was a smirk on his face but he couldn't help it, it was a cover because inside he felt like a ticking time bomb of fear. 
“In a nutshell yeah.” 
Chris walked over and sat down and put his arm around his brother. 
“Look out at the world, we've seen a lot and done a lot in our lifetime. You’re the older brother who was always watching my back. You even told me at one point when I was little that there was no such thing as monsters and I was being crazy. You’re going to tell me that you’re going to let a lifelike dream change your belief that monsters don't exist?” 
“This wasn't a lifelike dream, it was life. Damn it Chris, why do you have to be stubborn and nosing around in things that you don't know anything about?” 
Chris looked down, he felt his heart sink a bit. He had never wanted to let Dave down but he knew that's exactly what he had done. His mind was racing. He knew now that something had to be behind that door and he wanted to know what it was so bad that it was eating him from the inside. 
“Look I understand that you’re worried. I understand that you’re afraid. Hell honestly I am too. But I've always been the curious type and always will be. So how about this, let me try something, if it doesn't work, then we'll leave and put the house back on the market. I'd say even go as far as to take a bit of a loss and put it on the market lower then we bought it for just to make sure someone buys it.” 
“What do you have in mind?”
Chris reached into the pocket of his jeans and pulled out a vial full of his blood. “It didn't say in the book how much blood was needed from the innocent, just that it was needed. I know it's a stretch but I pulled this out last night planning on trying to open that door. I know it's stupid but I have to know what's there and what it leads to. I'll open the vial and run the blood across the door. If it opens then we're in business, otherwise we can turn and walk away, sell this place be someone else’s problem.” 
Dave stared at the vial in Chris' hand, he felt the dumbfounded look on his face but he still couldn't bring out the words that he needed. He stared for a moment then walked over to Chris, holding out his hand. 
“What the hell are you thinking?” 
Chris stared at him. He was never that great at keeping his emotions in check but this time he knew he couldn't stand to start an argument. 
“ I plan on opening that door. I have every intention of learning what's on the other side of it. I did it the safest way that I knew would be possible. Like I said if it doesn't work and nothing happens then fine we turn around and we leave, that simple.” 
“Are you INSANE?” 
Chris smiled. “I don't know, I guess it's possible. Others would just say I have serious morbid curiosity that could lead to something worse. I'm gonna lean more toward this because it makes me feel a lot better about what I'm doing.” 
“You know this could end up taking you down a dark road. One that you don't want to be on, can you deal with that?” 
Chris nodded. “ At least I think so. If not then we'll cross that bridge when we get there.” 
Dave shook his head. “Hell no, I won't let you do this. I'm supposed to watch out for you. If you think I'll stand by and just let you run off and do something this crazy you have lost your mind.” 
Chris had expected this, he knew his brother well enough to know how big of a nag he could be. “Fine, come down there with me but if that door opens I'm walking through it and closing it behind me without you.” 
Dave just stared at him as he walked away toward the house. 
****

They walked back to the door, Dave looked above it and saw the ominus words.  He had hoped they wouldn't have been there but they were, and it seemed like they were laughing. Chris pulled out the vial and uncorked it. He turned it upside down and slowly poured down into his hand. Once the vial was empty he looked back at Dave. 
“Here goes nothing.” 
He pressed his hand to the center of the door and slowly dragged it down to the bottom. As he reached near the bottom the last of it came off his hand. He stepped back and admired his handy work only to realize that the picture that he was staring at caused him severe discomfort rather then hopefulness. He stared at it for a moment and when nothing happenend he looked back over at Dave. 
“I guess you get your wish, whatever it is that is behind this door, if there's anything, it isn't willing to open up for me. Let's go make a phone call and get this thing on the market.” Chris turned and started walking just as the ground began to shake under his feet. 
Chris turned back and the trail he had just made was completely white. He stared at it unable to move. The door slowly pushed it's way out of the wall and became more defined. Chris stood amazed by the shining handprint.The door stuck out of the wall a full two feet by the time the ground quit shaking.
“Wow,” It was all Chris could say as he walked up and touched the door. He looked to the side and noticed hinges which weren't there before. He turned and saw Dave's face, half torn between awe and fear. “I didn't think it would work.” He added. 
“Me neither” was all that Dave could muster. 
Chris walked to the front of the door and put his hand on the door and in one quick motion, before Dave could even react, Chris had opened, went in, and slammed it back closed. Dave stood in shock unable to do anything. The door started to slink back into the wall. He felt tears come to his eyes, he had only hoped that Chris could actually make it back from wherever it was that he went in one piece. 

****

The days ticked by for Dave, one after the other there seemed to be no end in sight. First a week passed, then two. Every day he found himself wishing more and more and that he had been able to think, been able to stop Chris from slamming that door behind him. He didn't want to believe that something had happened but in his heart he thought for sure that Chris wasn't going to be able to make it back to them. 
After day 10, Dave had started marking next to the door a tally for every day that had passed. He sat there for at least 2 hours every afternoon hoping that either as soon as he got there he would find Chris or that he'd show up before Dave went home but that wish never come true. After an entire month, Dave gave up. He had told himself this entire idea was his brother's, that Chris had wanted to stare death in the face and in this case that was exactly what he had done, only Chris had lost. It was all a trick of the imagination until finally Dave found all the answers he had wanted one night in bed. 

****

The walkway stretched out in front of him. Dave was perched on top of the building. He didn't ask anymore, this was the dream he had for the last 2 weeks. This time he just sat there and stared out at the skyline. 
“What was his problem? Why did he want to do something so absurdly stupid. Hell why didn't I stop him?' 
 The ground began to tremble. It was as if David's questions had angered God. But that couldn't be the case this was after all a dream. Dave stood up and looked out, the ground looked fine from where he stood, the sky on the other hand had turned a deep shade of purple. The clouds shook again as another roar rolled through the building Dave was on,  he didn't notice as he stared intently at the sky. The clouds began to shift in two seperate directions and a light shone down, a voice came next. 
“Dave, I know you can hear me, and I understand you're worried. I get that and it's fine. But I beg of you don't be. You don't realize it yet but I'm not coming home. Not because I can't, but because I don't want to. It's nothing personal but I wanted to reach out to you, and they've given me a way to do it.” 
“Whose given you a way to do it?” Dave called. 
“The people I've come to find myself with. I can't explain it but it's like something I've never seen before. Everyone says that Heaven is the perfect place to be, if that's the case then I found my Heaven.” 
“But Chris, we need you here.” 
A booming laughter came. “No Dave, You don't. You think you do but in reality you are perfectly capable of taking care of things on your own.” 
“Are you dead?” Dave asked. He was unable to understand the last word and for a moment he thought that maybe he had only spoken it in his head. 
 “No. Well, not exactly. They were right about something. That doorway does lead you to things that you’re not supposed to see. I think what I stumbled upon was fate. I live in a world that is perfect in it's own right. I'm not sure why but they've asked me to stay but they said that I fit in well with all the people and I must admit I do. I love it here, the world around me is beautiful.” 
Dave was at a loss. “What do they do there?” 
“You know how everyone said that you have a guardian angel. That's what we are in a nutshell, only I'm not dead. At least not in the literal sense. My body is gone and my soul remains. You'll never be able to see me but I can talk to you just like this. I became your gaurdian angel Dave.” 
“But why? Why did you have to go and look, why did you have to open that door, why did you have to go away like that?” 
There was a long pause before Chris spoke again. “Everyone has a purpose in life, for some of us we can't see what it is. Others stumble upon it by accident, and others still find themselves staring at it all their lives but never realize what they have. For me I was always looking for that purpose, and walking through that doorway I found it.” 
“So, is this goodbye?” 
“Not at all bro, I'll always be around. You won't know it but I'll always be around.” 
The clouds begin to roll again and the thunder shook the building. Dave dropped to his knees and began to cry. He screamed then another voice was talking to him. 
“Dave wake up, Dave come on wake up. It was just a nightmare.” 

****

Dave came to. He sat up in bed and wiped his eyes where the tears had been. He looked over at Helen and simply told her. “Chris is gone.” 
“Gone? What do you mean gone?” 
“He's dead. He's not coming back. I have to plan a funeral.” 
“How do you know that Dave?” 
“He told me, that nightmare you woke me up from was likely the last time I'll ever talk to Chris again.” 
****

“Anyone home?” 
“Yeah I'm back here. Give me just a second.” Kelly walked up to the front of the office looking down at a stack of papers she had. When she looked up she dropped them all over the floor. 
“What the hell? Chris is that you?” 
He nodded, he felt his now overlong hair shake around in his face. His beard was itchy and untrimmed. These were things that he'd gotten used to since he'd left who knew how long ago. Kelly sat down, she looked like she'd seen a ghost. 
“You were dead.” 
“Says who?” He asked. 
“Dave did.” 
Chris looked at her shocked.
“Dave said that you came to him in a dream and said that you weren't coming back to us. That you had realized your life's purpose.”
“That couldn't be further from the truth.” Kelly saw a new anger in his eyes.
“Okay? So then what were you doing?” 
He stared out the window into the empty street. “It's something I'd rather not talk about. Where's Dave.” 
Kelly diverted her gaze to across the room. She had hoped that he hadn't noticed but there was no luck in that. 
“Where is he?” 
“It's a long story.” 
Chris looked back from out the window at Kelly. He had always thought she was beautiful but after the things he'd seen he never thought he would be the same, even looking at her now he could feel the hate in his eyes. 
“Long is an understatement, where is he?” 
She looked at him trying to hold back the emotion but failing to do so and a tear escaped her eye. “Let me take you to him.”
****

The gravel slid from under the tires as they pulled into the parking lot. Chris got out and took a look around. The stones jutted out of the ground and almost called to him, something wasn't right there's no way Dave could be here. Kelly lead him down a walkway on the left side of the yard, after a couple hundred feet they turned right. Kelly walked hi m to a small patch of grass and stepped aside. Chris walked up and stared at the headstone, across the top was written David Andrews 1976-2012. Chris stared stone-faced, almost as if he couldn't process the emotions that he should be feeling. Kelly stared at him unable to say anything.
“What happened?” 
Kelly walked up and put her hand on Chris' shoulder. “He said that he saw you in a dream and that you were leaving and not coming back but that you would be his guardian angel. They got the stuff together and held a funeral. In pictures Dave thought he saw you and took that as a sign to start doing things that weren't particularly the safest. He closed up shop and decided to become a cop. He told everyone that it would be okay because you were watching out for him. Then he started talking to you, and seeing things that weren't there. He was institutionalized, there his behavior became more and more erratic. He would pick fights with other patients and eventually they ganged up and beat him. The doctors swear they knew nothing about it but people believe that his strange behaviors were even too much for them so they're just not saying anything but no one knows. He never recovered from the beatings he took and died about a week later.”
Chris touched the headstone still trying to process his emotions that never seemed to want to come. He climbed to his feet and turned. “Let's leave.” 
They loaded up into the car and headed back into town. The drive was quiet until Kelly could stand it no more and asked. “What are you going to do now?” 
Chris stared out the window for a few minutes before he spoke. “Honestly I'm not sure. I'll probably start at the hotel and stay there for a while.” 
“Do you have money?” She asked. 
“Don't you worry about that. The trip that I took left me with plenty of ways to take care of myself.” 
Kelly didn't like the way that sounded but didn't get a chance to dig deeper before he spoke again. “How long have I been gone?” 
“A year and a half.” 
Chris nodded as they pulled into the parking lots. He got out and closed the door and walked toward the lobby without so much as a thank you or a goodbye. The sinking feeling in her stomach made her want to go in but instead she turned the car around and drove home. She'd find out later that was probably the best thing she could have done. 

****

Chris walked into the lobby of the hotel and was greeted by the woman behind the counter. “Welcome to the Meremac Inn, standard rate is $25 a night but we do have specials for extended stays.” 
“Sorry to say that I don't have any money and won't be paying for my stay.” 
She looked him up and down. “Then I'm sorry sir you'll have to leave.” 
“I'm also sorry to say that's not an option.” He clapped his hand and the girl dropped to the ground, her eyes rolled onto the floor and her heart exploded in her chest. Chris reached over the counter and went to get a key when he was met by a man he could only assume was the manager. 
“Sir what's the meaning of this?” He had no sooner finished his sentence before he saw the receptionist on the floor. He looked over at Chris before reaching for the phone.
“That's not the best idea,” Chris said and snapped his fingers. The manager fell from where he was standing, his wrist bleeding and his legs appearing to be missing bones.  Chris snagged up a key and began to climb the stairs. He looked back at the big oak doors that seperated the lobby from the entryway, he nodded and the doors slammed closed and locked. He didn't know if there was anyone else here and he didn't care. He walked up the stairs to his room and unlocked the door then threw the key away. 
He flipped the lights on and walked over to the window. The view from the second story wasn't great but it would do for now. He pulled out the chair by the table and picked up the tablet with the hotels letterhead on it. He found a pen and began writing. 
They ask if it was worth it to walk into that doorway all that time ago. Judging by the ease that I just walked through the security at this hotel then I'd say yes. While my brother may be dead due to a dream that I made him have, it was for the best. He would have eventually tried to find me otherwise and I don't want that. He had to go. The world on the other side of that doorway is one that very few people should see, and fewer can say they would live through. For me it was so much more, not only did I live there, I learned, and now I intend to finish the work at 2100 Maple. The doorway is calling my name again, only this time, I will take the doorway to my new fire fueled home.








The Edge


The cave called to me, 
Asking my intentions, 
Wanting more from me, 
Then I could ever give, 
I was on the brink, 

In my head I knew it was wrong, 
That this was something, 
I should never be a part of, 
How had I gotten here, 
This cave scared with evil, 

I was on the edge, 
The edge of insanity, 
The edge of sanity, 
I was on the fence, 
And nearly tipping over, 

In case you’re lost I'll explain, 
The cave I speak of, 
Is oh so very special, 
It has characteristics, 
That set it apart, 

At least that's the rumor, 
They say that this cave, 
Can let you see your future, 
As far as you wanted to go, 
So I wanted to give it a try, 

I went to the cave one afternoon, 
And from the outside, 
It looked so normal, 
Like any other in our woods, 
But inside I was greeted by a monster,

That monster was my future, 
It was telling me stories, 
That I couldn't dream of wanting to see, 
Worlds collapsing, 
I wanted nothing more than to fix it, 

So I rewound, 
And watched from the beginning, 
I began to see how the world, 
That was so very horrible in my future, 
Began to take shape, 

I was in the cave,
For at least 3 hours a day, 
It was almost like watching a movie, 
Projected onto the wall, 
Telling me what was coming, 

I could tell it where to go, 
And where to stop, 
And I watched, 
And wrote it all down, 
As things got out of a control, 

It started just a short decade from now,
As the world was in chaos, 
People died and countries collapsed, 
Slowly the visions, 
Showed me a united government, 

Then further down it got worse, 
The world was at war, 
With things from outside, 
These aliens were aiming, 
To take over the world, 

Fast forward again another 15 years, 
And it's all over, 
The aliens had won and we as a people, 
Were no more, 
I wrote feverishly, 

I wasn't sure what the notes would mean, 
Or if they would even matter, 
But I felt like I had to do something, 
So I wrote for hours, 
Days and weeks even, 

Come to think of it, 
I don't think anyone even noticed I was gone,
But still I wrote, 
And wrote some more, 
Finally it seemed as if it were all over, 

I stumbled out of the cave, 
I was scrawny like I haven't eaten in months, 
But I felt fine, 
Something told me, 
That my mind had taken over, 

I stumbled home, 
And got some food, 
In my head, 
The visions that were sure to haunt me, 
Played over like a broken record, 

It was another week before I saw anyone else, 
I didn't explain to them what I saw, 
Because I knew they'd think I was crazy, 
Instead I kept it to myself, 
But that would come back to bite me, 

Four days after leaving the cave, 
The voices in my head started talking, 
They would talk about war, 
About happiness and about love, 
Most of all they would talk about the future, 

Those voices never had names, 
They still don't have names as I stand here today, 
But they would talk, 
Oh how they loved to talk, 
And one day their talking made me realize, 

The answers were in front of me, 
The cave was more than a video, 
It was a chance to right the wrongs, 
And stop the problems from starting, 
So I ventured back into the cave, 

I wasn't sure what I was looking for, 
Didn't even know if it was real, 
But in my mind I believed that it was there, 
So I searched around, 
And finally I found the door, 

It seemed far too easy, 
The door led up a rocky stairway, 
From there I wasn't sure where it went, 
But something told me that it had to lead to wherever, 
I wanted to go, 

So I walked and at the top, 
I got my answer, 
The doorway split in two, 
Going one direction for the past,
One for the future, 

I let my gut and my mind take over, 
I wasn't sure what I was looking for, 
And I wouldn't know it when I found it, 
But I was hoping my gut would, 
And that it would relay the message, 

It all worked to perfection, 
Me trusting my gut for once, 
I stopped at the moment it felt right, 
And on a whim turned left, 
There I was on flat ground, 

I looked in the distance and there was a city, 
I didn't know the name but I had recognized it, 
In here lived a man,
That could be the key, 
To setting it all straight, 

I went in search, 
And soon enough I found him, 
Letting my brain do the thinking,  
He was sitting peacefully in the shade,  
His name Ralph James, 

We exchanged words, 
And I gave him notes, 
He took my word though,
I'd think it was due to his nature, 
Of believing in the strange, 

I told him my story, 
And told him what he needed to do, 
I told him to trust me, 
And when the time came, 
He would be ready, 

After the meeting, 
I walked back to the beam, 
That seemed so strong and on its own, 
I walked through it and felt it bend around me, 
As I began the walk back, 

I trusted my body and mind, 
To let me stop again, 
And again, 
They didn't steer me wrong,
As I came to a stop right next to the place I left, 

I walked back down the stone stairway, 
As I kept glancing back at the beam, 
My brain and heart wanted to be done, 
My gut though told another story, 
This was one I didn't agree with, 

I walked into the cave, 
And the videos projected on the wall, 
Showed the future I had come to fear, 
Had indeed been erased, 
I had managed to stop the end of mankind, 

I felt relieved, 
And restored, 
And I decided that it was time I went home, 
I left the cave without so much as a glance back, 
Thinking that it was over, 

A week went by and the voices, 
Didn't talk to me, 
Didn't even make a sound, 
I thought that I had set it all right, 
Until one night alone, 

First one, Then two, Then four, 
The voices came flooding in, 
They were telling me to go back, 
That my work wasn't done, 
That there was more that was needed from me,

I fought and resisted, 
And argued and pleaded, 
I wasn't sure what else I could do, 
The voices told me to go to the cave, 
And I'd get the answers I was after, 

I still fought,
But it was a battle I wouldn't win, 
Not that time, 
Perhaps never, 
I went back, 

The entire place seemed the same, 
But in my head I was being told to sit down, 
That the show was about to begin, 
I sat and stared at the new video on the wall, 
It was then I knew what they wanted me to do, 

This video showed a world, 
That was in chaos, 
But something was different, 
And I couldn't put my finger on it, 
Then it hit me like a ton of bricks, 

The creatures moving, 
In the background, 
Were unlike anything I had seen before, 
The stood upright, 
With real feet but paws for hands, 

Those paws had thumbs, 
It was how they were carrying the weapons, 
These weren't aliens this time, 
But something far worse, 
It was all capped off by their head, 

Their head was dog like, 
Eyes and a tongue, 
They spoke in a language, 
That I couldn't understand, 
But I knew the message wasn't good, 

I couldn't figure out what the cave had wanted, 
I could only assume that they wanted me, 
To change this future, 
It was then I realized, 
Things would never change, 

I could go back a hundred, 
Perhaps a thousand times, 
And continue to change the world, 
In the end, 
We'd still end up the exact same,

We'd end up dreading the future, 
Wishing we had the past, 
And begging to hold onto the present, 
It would always remain the same, 
So I left, 

I left it all behind, 
And thought that it would all go away, 
It would all be behind me, 
It was something that sounded simple, 
In my head, 

As it turns out, 
I was so wrong, 
A week after leaving, 
The voices began again, 
This time violent, 

They kept tempting me, 
Begging me to go, 
Begging me to be a part, 
Begging me to fix it, 
But I refused, 

As it got worse, 
The voices began to yelling, 
Telling me that I had no soul,
That I had nothing left, 
And that I was worth nothing, 

The voices in my head, 
Bullied me, 
Pushed me,
And screamed at me, 
It told me the end was near, 

I didn't believe it, 
I myself thought I was crazy, 
It was something that was hard to admit, 
But even harder to ignore, 
For they kept trying to get me to believe, 

That I was something special, 
That I was important, 
And I fought, 
And fought and then fought some more, 
Finally it got too much, 

Everything inside of me, 
Begged to be let go, 
So I found myself, 
On the edge of the building, 
And ready to jump, 

The air was cold against my face, 
It swirled by and for once I felt free, 
As the voices stopped, 
Faster and faster I fell, 
Then pavement, 

But now that begs the question, 
Where did all this come from,
And to be honest, 
I'm not sure what happened, 
But it happened before I hit, 

The next thing I knew, 
I was somewhere in a field, 
The sun was bright on my face, 
So bright in fact, it hurt,
I got up and I looked around, 

The field was magnificent, 
I couldn't believe what I was seeing, 
I stood up and breathed, 
The fresh air drove me crazy, 
It was like being in a new world, 

Then a voice spoke up again, 
In my head, 
They told me I was a long way from home, 
And that I was now a part of their world, 
I blinked and it was gone, 

From there visions flooded my head, 
Some good, 
Others not so much, 
They showed me things, 
Like the cave had done, 

Only this time, 
It was far different, 
The visions, 
Told a story unlike anything I'd seen, 
They only took 30 seconds a piece it seemed, 

The stories showed pictures of death, 
Despair and anger, 
People who killed, 
And destroyed the world, 
They knew, 

Then finally it went black, 
And the visions stopped, 
It was like I was asleep, 
And now all of these thoughts, 
I've recapping it all, 

I'd like to think that I'm dead, 
I'd like to think it's over, 
I'd like to think that I'm waiting, 
For the end, 
But that all seems like wishful thinking, 

April's Poem A Day Challenge

April 1, 2012

The Fool is welcomed to follow, 
The path that has been laid, 
But the twist and turns along the way, 
Will do nothing but confuse him, 
As he looks for the rainbow, 
That seems to have eluded him for years, 
Where he finds himself next,
Is a question that, 
Only he can answer. 

April 2, 2012

Heat, 
Sweat, 
Bright Lights, 
And the will to go on, 
It's one of the many things I do on a daily basis, 
But what I need is to succeed, 
To prevail,
To be the best, 
To stand above the rest, 
For I am the one, 
Who will always be, 
The man who needs to, 
Be loved, 
By all, 
And revered, 
For everything I do, 

April 3, 2012

Who am I? 
To pretend, 
That you could love me, 
That you could see the man inside, 
Who was I to say that I had a chance to love you, 
To be loved, 
And for you to say that I was the one, 
Who was I to believe that you'd never walk away, 
And that we'd be together forever, 
(If ever) 
Who am I to believe this metal, 
Taste so disgusting, 
Unclean, 
And unfair, 
Who am I to pretend that I don't welcome the darkness, 
That will come with the bang. 

April 4, 2012

What do you do when their body tells you no, 
But your head screams in protest, 
To know that the sweet scent,
Of forbiddingness,
Is calling your name, 
You could never let it in, 
Never let it win, 
But that's so much easier said, 
Then done, 
Look in the mirror, 
And say that you are pure,
That you've always fought, 
I'm willing to bet, 
You can't, or won't, 
Give yourself the chance to say your body won out, 
Over your mind, 
Because while I'm as honest as it comes, 
I can say that I have, 
But don't feel bad about this, 
We're called animals, 
With animalistic urges, 
For a reason, 

April 5, 2012

The human mind, 
Longs for connections, 
And asked to be loved, 
What is to be left, 
When we are deprived, 
Of the emotions that we so wish to find, 
Where does it leave us, 
When those who we wish, 
So much to have interaction with, 
Leave us out in the cold, 
Are we better, 
Or worse people, 
For the lack of interaction, 
Or is it all, 
Just a mind game, 
Made up to show us, 
That the world, 
Is nothing more than a cold dark place,
That we chose to see through our own eyes, 

April 6, 2012

I was lost, 
In the shadows of a world, 
That asked not to know me, 
Then you came along, 
And helped me learn, 
There is such a thing as love, 
And you helped me learn, 
That you don't have to be perfect, 
To be somebody, 
Because of you I am becoming a better person, 
Every day, 
With you, 
I can do anything, 
Without out you,
I am nothing,  

April 7, 2012

The sun is my motivator, 
My distraction, 
My contractor, 
It gives me hope, 
Where there is none, 
Gives me smiles, 
When I'm down, 
Gives me everything I need, 
To feel like something is being done, 
But at night, 
When the sun has gone away, 
The demons lurk in, 
To strip away the motivation, 
And I can't even move, 
That harnessed ability, 
To do nothing, 
Sticks with me, 
While the sun is down, 
I can just hope, 
That I can make it ‘til sunrise,

April 8, 2012

The book tells you to celebrate, 
And the calendar says that you should, 
Get up, 
Go to church, 
And celebrate the resurrection, 
But let me ask you a simple question, 
Why can't we celebrate in our homes, 
In fact, 
If we are to follow the god of our choice, 
Why does it have to be in the confines of a church, 
Can you tell me that if I don't go to church, 
And celebrate with your kind, 
That I'm no better then you, 
Can you say that makes sense,
When your god, 
Loved us all, 
Am I the hellion you believe I am, 
You'll never know, 
Which I'm fine with, 
Because in my mind, 
I'm as good as I need to be, 
And the fact that you want nothing more than to treat me bad, 
Then that's fine,
Because come the day, 
We'll see who’s the real one of the group, 
Because truth be told, 
If I'm not good enough in his eyes, 
Then I'm willing to bet money,
That you’re not either. 

April 9, 2012

What am I,
Who am I, 
And why do you hate me? 
What did I do, 
To piss you off, 
To such an extreme, 
What makes you think, 
That I'm such a horrible person,
That I have no passions, 
That I am useless, 
That I'm stupid,
And lazy, 
Do you really think you know me, 
Do you think that you’re special, 
And that you don't have to know me, 
To judge me, 
All I ask, 
Is that you give me a reason, 
For your hatred, 
Play games, 
And play stupid all you want, 
But what you don't realize, 
Is that I will never lose sleep over this ever again, 
Because I have no reason to,
One day you will learn that, 
I'm not the guy you think I am, 
And when you realize, 
I'm better than some of the people you know, 
Then you'll stop your criticism, 
If you don't, 
That's fine too, 
And why? 
Because I know who I am, 
And I love myself, 
And I'm happy with who I am, 
And if you’re not, 
Then the sleep you've let allude you for so long, 
Can stay away for a whole lot longer, 

April 10, 2012

Motivation and determination, 
I live day to day, 
Seamlessly through my words, 
My heart and soul, 
Poured onto paper,
Like water from a faucet, 
What is it that I'm trying to achieve, 
Being famous, 
Or just imitating the idols, 
Whatever the dreams may be,
I'm working toward, 
Achieving them, 
And being something, 
So much bigger then myself, 
One day it's a promise, 
I will reach those dreams, 
And when I do, 
The tears, 
The heart, 
The soul, 
I've worked so hard to shed, 
Will finally be on the shelves, 
I've lived so long to admire 

April 11, 2012 

What's behind door number 1? 
I ponder my future, 
And wonder where it is that I should be, 
How I got to where I am, 
And what it is that is left to do, 
I have driven every moment up to this, 
And now, 
I feel on top of the world, 
And my world, 
Is only getting sweeter, 
And I'm getting somewhere,
Making a bit of headway, 
If I had to say, 
What I think is behind door number 1, 
I would be willing to bet, 
That is, 
The life I've dreamed of, 
And that day, 
Is something I can't wait for, 

April 12, 2012

The clouds block out the sun, 
And the storm is rolling in, 
I feel so alone sometimes, 
That the room I block myself in, 
Will never let me out, 
I want out, 
I want to find a way, 
To let the demons' out of my head, 
They keep screaming, 
And asking for more, 
Of me, 
But I keep fighting, 
And it keeps screaming, 
And when the days end, 
And I lay to sleep, 
The thoughts that flood my head,
Keep showing me things, 
That I don't want to see, 
Demons, 
Dead girls, 
And blood running down the walls, 
They won't ever let me go, 
They won't ever let me run, 
So when the sun comes up tomorrow, 
If I'm here, 
Then life will go on, 
If I'm not here, 
Then you'll know, 
That they have won,
And I won't be bothered, 
By the voices, 
Anymore,

April 13, 2012

The fear will always be in me, 
And I will always know its name, 
Because it refuses to leave me be, 
It calls my name in the dark, 
And whispers to me in my sleep, 
It only comes around twice a year, 
But that's because they're only allowed out then, 
He makes the most of his time though, 
Hanging from the ceilings, 
Sitting on the dresser,
And laughing at me as I tremble in fear, 
But one day, 
I will find the will to escape, 
The clutches of madness, 
But he swears they make me great,
I swear they drive me insane, 
But fight as I try,
They hold me in place, 
They chase me, 
And hunt me down, 
For today is their Christmas, 
And on Friday the 13th, 
The children will come out to play once more, 
Their faces laughing, 
As he tortures me, 
I will fight, 
But in the end,
It's only 24 hours, 
When they leave, 
I will be at peace again,
Except for the voices and images, 
They leave in my head

April 14, 2012

The winds change directions, 
And the clouds block my thoughts, 
The storms are my enemy, 
And keep my locked inside my home,
The rain, 
Beats down on the doors, 
And wants in, 
But I won't open it, 
And I refuse to let the rain ruin my life, 
The thunder claps louder, 
And things, 
Get worse, 
I will step back from the windows, 
And hide, 
Rain, rain,
Go away, 
No matter how I try, 
You don't hide the pain

April 15, 2012

From Bow to stern, 
Her elegance, 
And beauty was unmatched,
No one could suspect, 
That deep in her halls, 
The stench of death, 
And fear would soon engulf,
Everyone on board
But not yet, 
As she sets sail, 
With the ocean, 
Under her, 
Things go slowly, 
But smoothly at first,
Then out of nowhere, 
The call, 
ICEBURG DEAD AHEAD, 
It rings out like a death threat, 
Issued from a faceless demon, 
There is no changing direction, 
No changing speeds, 
They turn slowly, 
And only side swipe, 
But in the end that's enough, 
And she begins to fill with water, 
And within hours, 
The ship begins to fall, 
Tilting upward, 
As thousands scream on board, 
Most realize it's the end, 
And kiss the few they have, 
Goodbye, 
When the water finally takes over, 
And the screams have all calmed, 
The 710 survivors find shelter on a passing boat, 
While the remaining 1500 perished, 
Their souls left forever to haunt the seas, 
Aboard a hailing mistress, 
Known as the RMS Titanic

April 16, 2012

The sirens wail in the distance, 
He looks up from the direction he came, 
And looks down at his handy work, 
It wasn't the first, 
And won't be the last, 
In his sick game of murder, 
He started long ago, 
And they're still too far away, 
Though the sirens signal, 
That it's too close for comfort right now, 
He'll leave, 
The sirens behind, 
And let them think they have closed the distance, 
Because as long as he's right in the head, 
He will always control the game, 
That he and the police,
Will continue to play

April 17, 2012

The visions, 
Made by the water, 
And the colors of the life inside of it, 
It makes me realize that we as the people we are, 
Only a small piece of a much bigger pie, 
We have become so absorbed in what it is we do, 
That we never stop to enjoy the life we have created for ourselves, 
And stare into the distance and wonder,
What life would be like if situations had never presented themselves, 
What I want to know is this, 
Where would you be had you never answered the call of opportunity, 
Or realized that you had never done more then you thought was possible, 
You reach up and do a number of things, 
To make yourself better, 
But what if you had never done these things, 
What I believe you would have then, 
Is someone who is ordinary, 
And had never reached the potential they had, 
How would you feel if that were you? 
So I ask you this, 
Take a minute to enjoy life today, 
For me, 
For your friends, 
And for your family, 
Because you never know when the day could be your last, 

April 18, 2012

The world changes around you, 
And what happens when you don't keep up, 
If you keep fumbling, 
And falling, 
And you can't seem to get your feet, 
You talk about, 
Always keeping up with the times, 
But when you can't, 
Where is it you find yourself, 
The sounds of the world around you rush through your head, 
And you find no safety in knowing, 
You’re no safer now, 
Then you were when you woke up this morning, 
And that in itself, 
Is something, 
That can scare you for the rest of your life

April 19,2012

Immersed in a virtual world, 
You forget the one you left behind, 
Full of hate, 
Misery, 
And despair, 
They constantly ask, 
Why people would choose social media, 
Computers, 
And video games, 
Over a world, 
We call reality,
Filled with its likeminded TV, 
And people who don't care one way or another, 
Let me compare it to this, 
Remember those times, 
When you had dreams, 
That were far too real, 
That you never wanted to wake up from, 
Imagine that, 
Only this time it's available, 
Via an on and off switch,
And before you ask why, 
Look around, 
I think the bombs, 
Killing, 
And overall gloom of a world, 
On the fast path to destruction, 
Will easily give you, 
Your answer,  

April 20, 2012

Frustration, 
Anger, 
Resentment, 
It's all harbored, 
And bottled up deep inside, 
Wishing to get out, 
She has no idea what she's done, 
But if she did,
I'd bet she'd be hidden, 
Away from sight, 
Because if I were given the chance, 
I'd destroy the world she called home, 
And give her a reason to cry, 
Because I'd never given one before,
You can think what you want,
That I'm bitter, 
That I'm furious, 
That I have no soul, 
But let's get this straight sunshine, 
Do you know me,
What I'm about, 
Or what I've done,
Didn't think so,
So If I were you, 
I'd sit down, 
And shut up, 
Before you join the list, 
And I bust your ass a good one, 

April 21, 2012

What to do when the depths of my soul, 
Have been emptied, 
Onto the page, 
And I'm left with nothing more than half a shell? 
I fight, 
And dig deeper,
I'm almost to the finish line now, 
And I won't be stopped, 
It's just up in sight, 
That magic tape will be mine, 
And I will finally achieve another goal, 
That few thought could be done, 
Welcome to the darkest part of my mind, 
And soul, 
Be set for a bumpy ride, 
It's gonna be a long few days

April 22, 2012 

Where do the hours go,
Where do the days fly, 
You wake up one morning, 
And it's been 10 years, 
Another morning, 
You’re driving, 
And a third, 
You can legally drink, 
What did you do in those short years,
That seemed to pass, 
In the overnight hours, 
Could you say that if it all ended tomorrow, 
You would be perfectly fine, 
Knowing that you didn't do, 
Everything you wanted to, 
Knowing that you turned into, 
Something that you’re not proud of, 
That the demon that is harbored in your heart, 
Is controlling you,
When you wake up tomorrow, 
Can you re-take your heart, 
And turn yourself into something, 
That is worthwhile, 
Take the road, 
And become the person, 
That you were always meant to be, 
I can't help, 
But ask, 
Wake up tomorrow,
Be the person, 
Be the best, 
Don't fear,
And be afraid, 
Because the unknown,
That you’re scared of, 
Could turn into your home, 

April 23, 2012

The road is a rough ride, 
That asks for your heart and soul, 
Every time you walk onto the asphalt,
When you leave, 
There's a part of you left behind, 
That doesn't seem to want to leave, 
You live so much of your life, 
On the road, 
That you forget what a home,
Your home looks like, 
But it's okay because the road is your home, 
Or your own personal hell, 
Either way you can't seem to decide, 
It's something that you've asked yourself, 
What got you into this in the first place, 
What got you into doing this, 
Leaving so much of yourself behind, 
Can you continue to do that, 
Until there's nothing left of you to give, 
Until there's nothing left for you to be, 
And you become nothing more than a shell, 
Of the human being you once were, 
Letting the life you chose, 
Define you, 
Rather than defining it, 
This life will chew you up, 
And spit you out, 
And when it's all said and done,
This life, 
Will leave you on the side of the road you call home, 
Looking like nothing more, 
Then a sorry pile, 
Of road kill

April 24, 2012

Blank Paper, 
Calling my name, 
And wishing to be written, 
And tamed, 
My brain screams no, 
But my hands write, 
And write, 
Until they bleed, 
It's almost as if, 
My brain shuts down, 
And my heart takes over, 
But when I come to, 
There's something in front of me, 
Written, 
And it's lovely, 
Almost melodic, 
But it's then I have realized, 
That this piece, 
That I so desperately wanted to write, 
Will become my last piece,
For the blood that was on my hand, 
Came from my wrist, 
As my brain shut down, 
My need to be remembered took over, 
And wrote a final note, 
Telling the world how I loved them, 
And hoped that they would remember me now, 

April 25, 2012

Elaborate is the world we live in,
Elaborate is the entire fabric we make up, 
The world as it exist not as it once did, 
But as something far more complicated now, 
The people, 
And the things in it, 
Are far more complicated,
The world we live in, in 2012, 
Is a far cry from that of the early settlers,
Of the Cavemen, 
But does anyone else see the change, 
For the people, 
At least at this time the changes are for the better, 
For earth however, 
These changes keep sucking the life out of her, 
Does this mean we're on a fast track, 
To a doomsday countdown, 
That so many have “predicted”
Or are we just going to end up killing ourselves, 
With overuse,
And problems that we continue to create, 
The world is more elaborate now, 
There's no denying that, 
And it's man's fault, 
But when you look at it, 
Because of that built deliverance, 
Man has become far more stupid, 
Than in any age before. 

April 26, 2012

I've spent the last two days, 
Contemplating, 
What's to come next for me, 
I've debated everything, 
From life, 
To the works, 
To relationships, 
What is there beyond the closed door, 
That's worth taking the risk for, 
I am aiming my sights high, 
And what it's given me, 
Is something to look forward to, 
The more I questioned myself, 
And everything around me, 
The more I realized, 
That I wanted, 
And needed something, 
That was more, 
Then there was already, 
My heart is set free, 
And I feel good, 
Knowing that the open door, 
That stands before me, 
Will give me, 
A whole different view on life,
And the view that I see, 
Is a view that I truly love, 

April 27, 2012

Tick Tock, 
Tick Tock, 
Goes the clock,
As it counts downward, 
On it's almost ending spiral, 
As it finally sets me free, 
I'd never believe it,
So hard to think this much, 
But as it turns out, 
It is, 
My head, 
Feels as if, 
It's going to explode, 
It screams, 
That it wants no more, 
But to be let go, 
From the prison, 
That it's in, 
All I can say is soon enough, 
Soon enough, 
It will finally be over, 
Finally be behind me, 

April 28, 2012 

The Tower, 
Calls my name, 
And beckons me forward, 
It begs me for my help, 
And tells me that all will be lost, 
If something isn't done, 
But it's hard to believe it, 
When it's only a dream, 
But it still beckons, 
Dire consequences,
That everything hinges, 
On its safety, 
But I won't listen, 
For it would be mad, 
To take the advice, 
Of an inanimate object, 
I will continue to be who I want to be, 
And care little for this building, 
For it's nothing to me, 
Other than the skyline that makes up my mind, 
The building can crumble, 
And come down around me,
And I won't be worried,
Because I know even from that rubble,
I will find sanity, 
Safety, 
And other things,
That will make life go on, 

April 29, 2012

The days have went by so slowly, 
And finally I see the finish line, 
I have taken the steps, 
To secure it, 
And make sure that it's mine, 
24 hours, 
And the end will be here, 
And within that 24 hours, 
I can say that I did it, 
And finished the challenge, 
That I sat out for myself, 
Thank you for the strength,
But I can tell you, 
I won't ever be the same, 
After this,

April 30, 2012

I'm starting to see things, 
It's not feeling to good, 
My head is spinning, 
And the images before me, 
Keep calling my name, 
I made the finish line, 
But at what cost, 
The Tower kept calling to me, 
And maybe I should have listened, 
Because now, 
That I've managed something,
So spectacular, 
I feel it’s time to rest, 
But from this rest, 
I doubt I ever awaken,
For it's taken all of it away, 
And left me with the blank skyline, 
Had I listened all those weeks ago, 
This would never have happened,
This is me saying goodbye for now, 
Maybe forever, 
Love, 
Peace, 
And safety, 
Will hopefully, 
Finally be mine. 

The Watchtower

The Watchtower, 
I've seen it through my window,
Stared at it for years, 
As it beckons to me, 
Asking me to come, 
To be a part of it, 

The Watchtower wants to be my friend, 
Wants to make it all okay, 
Wants me to be with it forever, 
I can hear it call to me in my dreams, 
I can see it cry, 
When I tell it that I can't, 

Every day, 
I watched the tower, 
In the distance, 
It was always so beautiful, 
And it always seemed to be special, 
I could never understand why, 

One day the dreams, 
Began with no explanation , 
And the tower began asking how I felt about it,
And why I felt that way, 
Dreams of the tower, 
Seemed strange, 

But not crazy, 
The dreams continued, 
Until one day, 
I swore it moved, 
The tower, 
In my mind, 

Then the obsession began, 
The deep dark driving obsession, 
To be a part, 
Of the very building, 
That had told me, 
It loved me in a dream, 

No one understood my obsession, 
No one understood why I wanted this so much, 
And why my dreams and thoughts, 
Were haunted by this tower, 
That stood so beautiful, 
In The landscape, 

Weeks passed from the time of the first drawing, 
Which started by accident, 
The drawings started small, 
Then got bigger, 
And more angry, 
And more violent, 

Those drawing were what I saw in my dreams, 
The tower was eating, 
Eating people all the time, 
I wasn't sure why or how I knew, 
But I did, 
And inside I loved that it wanted me, 

It was these drawings that got me my first meeting, 
With a woman who called me different, 
While the rest of them called me insane, 
I heard the whispers and knew their thoughts, 
But I didn't care because the drawings, 
Had finally united me with the Watchtower, 

I played their game, 
I knew I was in love, 
And wanted so desperately, 
To help the tower, 
Fulfill whatever goal, 
It had in mind, 

As the sessions into my mind continued, 
I kept drawing at home, 
Those drawings much to my surprise, 
Started showing me what the tower wanted, 
But as I learned and felt so jealous of, 
Was that it wanted so much more than me, 

The drawings told of a girl, 
A girl whose name I will never learn, 
Nor had ever wanted to,
Because to me she stood between me, 
And the tower that, 
I loved

She first showed up in the pictures, 
In the background, 
Her detailed features, 
Were drawn by my hand, 
But not from my mind, 
It was the towers' plan, 

Progressively the girl moved forward, 
Almost as if walking to the forefront, 
Of the towers mind, 
While I the slave moved, 
Further and further to the back, 
Almost as if forgotten, 

It was then the anger began, 
Building slowly at first, 
But more and more it was apparent, 
That the tower had changed its' mind, 
And I was no longer its' favorite, 
Instead I was nothing more than a throw away, 

She had to be dealt with, 
And I knew it had to be me, 
It was the only way that I could, 
Try and prove my worth, 
To the all great tower,
That I had brought me so close, 

I made the trip to her, 
How I knew to find her, 
Is beyond me,
I think in my heart of hearts, 
That the tower told me, 
Guided me,

I found her alone in her home, 
She looked so sweet and innocent, 
When she answered the doorbell, 
But behind her eyes I knew I saw understanding,
She knew why I had come, 
So I dealt with her, 

It was quick, silent, and easy, 
She fell to the floor in a heap, 
And I let a laugh escape my gut, 
I felt wonderful as if liberated, 
The tower was grateful, 
I don't know how I knew but it was, 

Back at home and feeling wonderful, 
The dreams began again, 
The tower wanted to see me, 
To congratulate me on a job well done,
It said that there was something there for me,
And that I needed to come right away.

Before I went I had the feeling, 
One more drawing needed to be done, 
And so I did that final drawing, 
It detailed stairs that led to the top, 
And a light that called to me, and I thought,
This is where the tower wanted me to go, 

So I went toward it, 
Knowing that inside my destiny, 
Wanting to find the power, 
Inside that light, 
Was something that I need, 
That without I'd never be complete, 

I walked forward into the doorway, 
It was quiet, empty, and hallowed, 
I felt my footsteps echo around me off the floor, 
Each one telling a new story, 
It had taken so long to get the courage,
And now I felt at home in the Watchtower,

I walked through the lobby,  
It was lit up bright all around, 
I looked around and the doors were carved with stone, 
And engravings each different from the one before, 
The door handles all appeared to be gold,
Each had names I couldn't pronounce, 

I walked forward toward the center of the room, 
There a tapestry carved in gold sat, 
It looked like a woman with unmatched beauty, 
Seemed to be upset and crying, 
Her eyes made of red rubies, 
Seemed to call out in pain, 

I stared at it as long as I could, 
For something told me that girl had a story, 
That I had ended, 
For she was a favorite to the tower, 
Maybe I wasn't supposed to end her, 
But I'd do anything to be noticed again, 

I walked past the statue without looking back, 
Though I could swear the head turned and followed me, 
Her cold red eyes were on my back, 
Burning a hole through me like I'd thought impossible, 
I didn't let it stop me as I walked across the room, 
My prize was just up ahead, 

The gate in that covered stairwell was also gold, 
And plated in diamonds, 
The security measures for the stairwell, 
Were like none other I'd ever seen, 
I stared in disbelief for a moment, 
Finally feeling how close I was to greatness, 

To the left there was a keypad, 
With numbers on it,
In 3 rows, 
Labeled 1 to 9, 
I stared for a moment, 
Before the memories started to flood, 

My mind showed me visions of the drawings, 
And the dreams I'd had, 
All of them had numbers in an order, 
I never remembered accessing them before then, 
But all of a sudden the numbers were right in front of me,
7-2-1-8-0-3

Then and now, 
The numbers made no sense to me, 
To me they were random and meant nothing, 
But they worked at opening the gate, 
The gold peeled back slowly, 
But surely to reveal a doorway to my new life, 

Once the gate lifted back, 
I began to climb upward, 
Upward and further upward, 
It felt like miles but finally at the end, 
Mere feet above me I saw the light, 
The light of the Watchtower shone down on me,

I walked into the room, 
My footsteps suddenly stop echoing, 
And I'm blinded by the light, 
I shield my eyes, 
And finally once I become adjusted, 
The hell sets in, 

In front of me stands a man, 
Taller than any I'd ever seen, 
And much more angry looking, 
He steps up and opens his arms,
And welcomes me home, 
But The Watchtower isn't the home he's talking about,

I'm rushed and feel arms and hands wrap around me, 
They tell me that my drawings were nothing more than a mind trick,
And I'm unhealthy for the population, 
They say there's so much more I need to know, 
But now isn't the time, 
As I'm forced back down the stairs, 

They stow me into the back of a van, 
The man climbs inside and joins me, 
I asked him what was going on, 
He laughed at me and said soon enough, 
We drove away and out of the back glass, 
The Watchtower was on fire, 

They took me to a building, 
They called a hospital, 
I've been here for how long I'm not sure, 
But I've heard a lot of their lies since they brought me here, 
They started with the Watchtower, 
By telling me it wasn't real, 

They said it was a figment of my mind,
I started seeing years ago, 
After being put into a foster home, 
Because of my parents double suicide, 
They couldn't pinpoint a reason, 
But they said The Watchtower was my parents in my mind, 

They said that the attention I had always longed for from them, 
I received from the tower, 
The affection that I needed from them, 
I received from the tower, 
That in fact the Watchtower never existed, 
And that I burned it to the ground, 

The woman however was a different story,
She was very real, 
In fact she happened to be my biological sister, 
That had been adopted some years before, 
They thought that my murdering her, 
Was my minds way of expressing jealousy, 

They also added I did it, 
Because she had parents now, 
It's hard for me to believe that, 
But I meant what I did,
The Watchtower told me too,
But the Watchtower is no more,

I watched it burn to the ground, 
But soon enough I will join it, 
I intend to end this nowt
I will join the tower in the form of ash, 
To hell is where I'm going,
Let me say goodbye for now, 

The fires already burning....


A Heart Full of Lead

“I love you.” 
“I love you too sweetheart.” 
“You’re my world.” 
“You’re my world.” 
These were words that were repeated, 
And keep being repeated in my head, 
As I stand in the air, 
Unable to believe what's in front of me, 
My brain wants to process what's happened, 
But it's hard,
Because it’s not like me, 
Emotion has never been my strong suit, 
But then again, 
Neither has rejection

The world stopped spinning,
When you first said hello to me, 
The smile, 
That face, 
Everything about that moment seemed perfect, 
I could never put my finger on it, 
But from that day on, 
Things seemed to be like a dream,
One that I refused to wake up from, 
Not because I didn't want to, 
But because I couldn't, 
Because it was real, 
My dreams, 
My prayers had been answered, 
Finally, 
And things would never be the same again,

The air is still cold, 
I see my reflection in the window, 
It looks so much older then I felt, 
So much older than I was only a few short hours ago, 
I have been to hell already, 
And punched my ticket for eternal damnation, 
The devil welcomed me with open arms, 
But considering what had been done, 
What was done, 
And where I was, 
I was perfectly okay with that, 

Our first kiss, 
Was magical, 
Was something spectacular, 
It moved the world, 
The planet seemed suspended between us, 
For that split second, 
Everything that was in motion stopped, 
Even my heart, 
The sweat built, 
And the steam rolled, 
It was something, 
That anyone would be jealous of, 
In fact I'd bet,
Most people were, 
Because that look in our eyes,
Set us apart, 
That look, 
That told the story of two people in love, 
That look of beauty, 
That look that said, 
We had it all, 
That look, 
That told the story of us, 

I looked down, 
The sight still terrified me, 
I couldn't believe it,
Even in the light under the moon, 
The image, 
Was horrific enough, 
To encourage me to give up, 
But my head told me that it wasn't worth it, 
I had come this far, 
And had done so much,
That walking away now, 
Would mean that it's all in vain, 
Then again, 
Isn't fighting death, 

Things moved fast with us, 
A lot faster than I expected, 
We were spending nights together, 
Weekends, 
And going on trips, 
It was as if my soul mate had found me, 
And I had found her, 
Then it happened, 
We were together, 
And our kissing, 
Lead to more, 
Then more, 
And finally there was, 
No turning back, 
It was hot, 
Heavy, 
And intense, 
It was good enough, 
It could have been featured in any erotic book, 
And at the end, 
I couldn't put words into how I felt, 
It was something that I will remember, 
Until the day I die, 

I crouched down, 
And stared at my handy work, 
I knew that it was wrong, 
I knew that I had crossed the line, 
But thinking about it now, 
They had it coming, 
Disagree all you want, 
But the truth remains, 
She left me,
It was unfair, 
So I put her down, 
I knew what had to be done, 
To finish what I started, 
I grabbed the shovel out of our barn and buried her, 
In our field, 
To this day, 
They still don't know, 
What happened, 
They think they can pin it on me, 
But this time, 
I got away with it, 
Though I hadn't expected, 
What I received in the end, 
I now have a permanent companion in my room, 
As she haunts me for what I've done, 
But she won't get to me, 
Because I know now, 
That we'll be together, 
Forever

Viral

“We've done it.” 
It was the statement issued by the researcher, 
The cure had been found, 
Cancer eradicated, 
Forever, 
Testing was still months away, 
Yet the promise was there, 
The smile crossed his face, 
Finally people could live in peace, 

Months passed, 
And the test were carried on, 
First in rats, 
Then in people, 
Results were more than promising, 
People showed that it could be done,
And the cure was working, 
The doctors involved, 
Found themselves on the end of a very nice ovation, 
As the world had found its savior, 
From a killer, 
That had claimed so many, 

Years passed, 
And soon the virus that cured Cancer, 
Became a vaccine, 
Everyone was injected with it at birth,
And within 3 decades the disease seemed, 
To be completely gone,
The years ticked, 
And the first generation, 
Of birth vaccines, 
Found themselves getting older, 
And older, 
And soon, 
The first one falls, 
And finds themselves, 
At the hospital, 
The doctors are stunned, 
When they discover, 
That our fallen, 
Is overcome with some kind of new, 
Disease,  
Unlike anything they had ever seen, 
It spread quickly, 
Within 3 days of monitoring, 
He was dead, 
Doctors were dumbfounded, 
Then almost like a switch, 
More, 
Within the first week 2,000 were confirmed dead, 
Within a month 15,000
The first year saw 75,000 people die, 
Doctors, 
The one's lucky enough to not be dead, 
Were still trying to study it, 
Only to discover that they are fighting a war against themselves, 

A decade has passed, 
Since the outbreak, 
And the death toll has surpassed 100 Million, 
Over a third of the population, 
Brought to its knees, 
By their own miscalculations,
The remaining, 
Have fallen into a state of unrest, 
A state of unease, 
The government, 
Gone, 
The streets, 
Falling into Civil War, 
The country sees itself, 
On the brink of extinction, 

Another 2 decades fly by, 
Or for others,
It slowly crawls, 
As the agony tears them apart from the inside, 
They lose their wits, 
Their brains, 
Their faces,
It all seems to melt away, 
By the end, 
Another 1 and a half-million, 
Dead, 
Thousands left in the streets, 
And decaying, 
The entire country in chaos,
Other countries, 
Didn't even care enough to, 
Attempt to take over, 
What was left, 
Was under a half million people, 
Who were destined to be dead, 

2 years later, 
The population ticked down, 
To 150,000
And the last 10 doctors, 
Had finally learned, 
What was taking out people, 
A thousand at a time, 
The cure to cancer, 
From nearly 50 years ago, 
Was the cause, 
They worked fast, 
And fought, 
And only hours after the build was finished,
The last doctor laid on his death bed, 
His last statement, 
“Save the rest of us.” 
As he flat lines, 
They rush out the vaccine, 
The records show, 
That when it was all said and done, 
That only 20,000
People remained,
In the entire country, 
The graves were so large, 
They didn't even get marked,
The world is in chaos but slowly, 
Working it's way back to it's former self, 
Maybe one day the kids can be happy, 
That life as they know it won't be over, 
Then again there's always, 
Another plague, 
Waiting to devour us, 
Right around the corner 


 Pain


He wonders if he'll ever be okay, 
Inside he knows the truth, 
But he'll never speak it, 
Never, 
It would make him give up all the hope, 
That he's held onto for so long, 
And then what would he have, 
Nothing left in himself but thoughtless words, 
Of quacks and psycho-florescent screwballs, 
They all know there's something there, 
Something wrong, 
But nobody wants to take a look at the bigger picture, 
And why, 
Because no one gives a damn enough, 
Finally it all begins, 
To torture his soul, 
Just enough, 
To become a black cloud, 
On an already sunless day, 
He doesn't know, 
Exactly how to try and put it, 
Into perspective, 
For people to understand, 
What it's like to live like this, 
Like there's nothing worth fighting for, 
Because all fighting will do is take out, 
The power you still hold, 
But he knows, 
Exactly what it’s like, 
And he's tired of trying to help people understand, 
That he doesn't need them, 
Why need someone when they won't be there for you, 
He understands this, 
As the tears fall, 
The days become longer for him, 
As he slowly starts to fall apart, 
He knows he doesn't have the world, 
Left in front of him, 
The way that he used to, 
The moving becomes slower, 
More difficult, 
Life's easiest tasks, 
Become the stuff of torture, 
He doesn't care, 
What he has to do, 
He wants it all to end, 
Then he sees the faces of his family, 
Around him, 
And he realizes that he doesn't, 
Want to let go, 
But he knows that it's the only way, 
To be able to escape this hell, 
That life has created for him, 
He sits home at night, 
And contemplates his options, 
But there's only one real answer, 
That doorway, 
The doorway, 
The one opened to him through medicine, 
That's all the stuff really did, 
And he knows that, 
He saw the world that could be opened to him, 
Through stepping off the edge, 
The rain begins to fall down around him, 
Everyone's left for the day, 
To different places, 
No one knows what he's planning, 
But he doesn't care, 
He likes it that way, 
He'll go out of this world, 
Just as quickly,
 As he came into it, 
He finds his gun, 
Sitting on the headboard, 
And checks to see if it's loaded, 
Sure enough it has to be,
He steps back, 
And tells the world goodbye, 
With the pop of the shell,
He lets himself fall to the floor, 
Bloody, 
And dying, 
He clinches his fist, 
And breathes in his last breath, 
Slowly watching, 
The world go down around him, 
Taking in the finality, 
Of the world, 
That he's just left, 
Saying goodbye to his family, 
To all his friends, 
To his child, 
To his mother, 
To all those that were there, 
But he realizes, 
Almost instantly, 
That the pain, 
Is leaving his body, 
And that's enough gratification, 
Of it all, 
He realizes that he made the right decision, 
At least in his eyes, 
As he feels his body begin to free up, 
And he says to himself, 
It's good to be free, 
Though he knows his family will never understand, 
He made the right decision for him, 
And for that he's grateful to himself, 
For being able to say goodbye to a world, 
That locked him prisoner within his own body, 
And say hello to a world that welcomes him,
Pain free, 
The only problem, 
Is that this world, 
Is a little hotter than the one he left behind, 


The 7th Circle Railway

Small towns have secrets. It's something that you hear all the time in movies or books. Learning its true, that's something that shakes you to a point you never thought was possible. 
Everywhere I'd been since I was 14 still never has had an effect on me like Blue Ridge, Missouri did. I know they won't like that I've decided to tell this story but it's to the point where the dreams have started haunting me again. If I don't tell someone or something then I'll go insane. 

****

“Class welcome our newest student Ricky.” Mrs. Eldron told the class on the Monday I started class in Blue Ridge. 
I waved and took a seat in the back of the room. As I sat down the guy in front of me turned to me. 
“Hey it's nice to meet you. Name is Nathan but everyone calls me Nate.” 
“Hello Nate.” 
“What brings you down here so close to the end of the school year.” 
“I'm a military brat. We've lived a lot of places.  My dad is stationed not far from here up by Kansas City.” 
Nate nodded. 
“That's cool,” He stuck his hand out, “Nice to have you here.” 
I shook it and nodded. 
The rest of the day passed slowly, it was nothing I wasn't used to having lived in a number of towns just like Blue Ridge I knew how standoffish everyone was and I was okay with that. I preferred to be left alone anyway. 
I was in classes for another week before anyone else even talked to me. It was right at the beginning of lunch and I was sitting alone when Nate came up and sat down with two other guys. 
“Hey Rick how you doing?” 
“Not too horrible. No one is real keen on being friends but it's something I'm used to.” I said with a laugh. 
“That's alright people around here can be dicks, it's small town nature. I want to introduce you to a couple of friends of mine. Meet Stanley,” he motioned over to the left. “And Drake” He motioned over to the right.
I nodded to both of them. 
“Look Rick I'll cut right to the chase, we want you to go out with us this weekend.” 
I looked up at him for a moment trying to judge if he was being serious or just playing some kind of joke. I asked him where to.
“There's something that's been going on for years here. It has something to do with the old coal train tracks that run out on the far side of town.”
“Sounds exciting, Coal trains and parties, like a country song in the making.” 
Stanley laughed and then spoke for the first time. 
“Not quite man. Look it's kinda hard to explain. Meet us down at the library after school and we can explain more.” 
I didn't feel like going anywhere after school but this was the only time while I had been at here that someone tried to make friends with me so I agreed. Looking back now I wish I would have just said no thanks and walked away. 

****

That afternoon I met up with everyone at the library. When I walked in they were all gathered around a table with someone's laptop sitting on it.
“Hey Ricky, over here.” Nathan called. 
I walked over and took the empty seat in between Stanley and Drake. Nate spun the computer around to where the screen was facing me. 
“What's this?” 
“It's a report on the railroad and the factory I was telling you about. Every year four people go missing from this or surrounding towns and no one seems to know why.” 
“And your showing me this why?” 
Nate hung his head. He looked back over his shoulder but still didn't say anything. I stared at him for a minute and when I thought the silence would really drive me crazy Drake spoke up. 
“We've all lost someone there.” 
“What do you mean?” my voice came out full of curiosity. 
“I mean that myself, Nate, and Stan have all lost someone to whatever it is that is out at this place and we want to know what the hell is terrorizing everyone and we're going to stop it.” 
“Then why are you asking me to come along?”
Stan spoke up this time. 
“You said you were a military kid which gives you a lot of different views of the world and could know what it is if we find it.” 
I laughed. “You don't really believe that do you?” 
They all looked at each other for a moment then looked back to me and nodded. 
“I'm sorry to tell you but you’re mistaken, I didn't have a life, I don't have the experience like you seem to think. I can say I think something is definitely wrong but you're on your own. I'm sorry I can't help you.”
I got up to walk away and made it as far as the door before Nate spoke again.
“Haven't you ever lost someone?” 
I stopped and looked back. 
“Haven't you ever lost someone that you cared about?  Someone that can never be replaced?  Someone that you'd give anything to see again?” 
“No.” 
“Then, imagine losing your mom, your dad always gone to work, imagine being all alone. Do you think you could deal with that?” 
“I don't know.”  
“That's how I feel every day. Four years ago I lost my brother. No one knows what happened but they found his body down by the train tracks. His eyes were gone and his hair was white all the way through. His hands were shrunken and in fist. No one knows what happened but I'm sick of guessing. I don't want to know what killed him, I NEED to know.” 
I stood there silent.
“I'll tell you what. In two weeks, just after school lets out they have a memorial to everyone whose lost their life there. Come down there, if you still don't want to find out what's going on then I won't argue but you have to see this first.” 
I thought it over. I had nothing to gain but their faces told a story. They needed help, or maybe moral support, whatever the reason I walked back to them.
“Alright I'll be there.” 

****

I didn't talk to anyone for the two weeks leading up to the ceremony. The day before the ceremony we ran into each other outside the library. 
“Hey Rick wait up.” 
I turned to find Nathan leading the other two up the walk way. 
“What's up?” 
They kept walking toward the other end of the building right past me and I followed. When we had rounded the corner and were out of sight they started talking. “Look tomorrow night is the ceremony. The plan is simple I want to set out the next morning early. Are you okay with that?” 
“I don't even know if I'm going Nate.” 
“After you hear what these people have to say about all the loved ones they've lost I don't think you could tell us no. So again I ask, what do you say?” His expression was solemn mixed with happiness. 
“I suppose that works for me.”  
“Good, meet us outside the courthouse tomorrow night. We'll walk down to the tracks from there.”
That next afternoon school let out and I walked down to the courthouse with a heavy heart. I felt like I was walking into a situation that I didn't belong and even worse I didn't know how to get out of it.  When I showed up they all had smiles on their faces. 
“I didn't think you'd show.” Stan told me. 
“I really didn't want to. But the more I thought about it the more curiosity made me want this just as much as you did.” 
“Whatever the reason I'm glad you came along, let's get down to the tracks.” 
We stumbled into the crowd just as the sun was starting to go down. In the twilight I noticed people had brought candles, and in the faint light I noticed that there was in fact a train station that was built out of the old factory building. We managed to find a spot in the crowd right as the mayor began talking. 
“100 Years ago these train tracks were bustling with business. With that business this town thrived, jobs came and we were on top of the world. Then almost as suddenly as it had come, it went away. Almost 60 years ago now the train that ran these very tracks for so long derailed right here at this station. There were only two men on board. John Cables, the engineer and his best friend and lifetime railroad partner Jeff Rogers. When responders answered the call they found Jeff barely conscious but alive almost 300 feet from the wreckage. Sadly John was inside the burning car and pronounced dead at the scene. 
It took a while before Jeff uttered a single word about the events of that faithful day.  When he finally spoke, his words made no sense to anyone but him. He said the crash came out of nowhere, and nothing he could think of caused it. The last thing he remembers is John yelling that one day he would pay this town back for taking him away from his family. 
Everyone thought that Jeff was crazy until 10 years ago. On the anniversary of the accident a local boy by the name of Tommy went missing, then another and another, every year since four people have went missing every year, two women and two men, ranging from young to old. No one knows why these people disappear, the only for sure thing is that we always find the bodies in this exact spot, and almost always the same way, White hair, terrified expression, and hands that look like they died fighting for their life. That's why every year on this date we gather to remember those who lost their lives and pray that it will never happen again.” 
The crowd began to clap and cheer for him. He asked if anyone wanted to say a few words to come up on stage. 
I don't remember the names of people who came across that stage, or even what they said but their general messages were all the same. They had lost a loved one and wanted justice, something they were sure would never happen. Half-way through the speeches I turned to Nate and tapped him on the shoulder. I paused for a moment making sure that I was making the right decision.
“I'm in.” 
****

The next day I met up with everyone at the courthouse again. Before we set out Nate had a few parting words for us. “Look I don't know what's in there. I just aim to find out what took my brother and took Evan from you Drake, and Shelly from you Stan, I'm not coming back out of there until I know for sure.” 
We all nodded as we made the walk down to the station in complete silence. It seemed like everyone we passed burned a hole through us. When we made it down to the tracks I gazed at the building for a moment, it was a lot bigger then it looked last night. 
“There are secrets behind these walls. I don't know what they are but things change today. Come on guys let’s get this over with.” 
Nate stepped up onto the stoop and his footsteps echoed. I looked through the broken door of the factory/station and noticed the entire inside had been gutted. The floors were crumbling and pieces of the ceiling were missing, and the paint on the wall was chipped in hundreds of places. My gut screamed at me to turn around but I shut it up and followed them in. 
As we walked deeper into the building the lights got dimmer and dimmer finally Nate reached into his bag and pulled out a flashlight. It was then that I realized we had no real direction or a plan. 
“Hey Nate” I called from behind. 
“What's Up?” He called back.  
“Do you have a plan, direction, anything?” 
“Yeah, we're heading toward the records room which is just back this way a little more. I'm hoping we find something in there.”
The walk through the building was filled with silence except for our echoing footsteps. We finally reached the records room and Nate called.
“Alright let's start digging.” 
 We dug through papers that looked like they had been sitting on the desk for over a century. As I was looking through things I tripped on something. I looked down and realized there was a section of the desk that was sticking out. I reached down and tugged on it. When I did the desk slid forward on its own. Beneath the desk was a section of floor the size of a manhole with a ladder that led downward. 
“Well, now we're getting somewhere, good job Ricky. Let's see where this goes, but take these.” He reached in his bag and brought out another 3 flashlights and handed them to us. “Let's go.” 
We climbed down into the hole. We reached the bottom and turned our flashlights on. 
“What the hell...” Drake tailed off in awe. 
“I don't know, but whatever it is leads out this way so let's check it out.” Nate said.
We walked the tunnel for what felt like miles. Every step echoed off the tunnel walls, which was amplified by the water in the bottom. We finally reached the end and the tunnel opened up into a larger room which was lit along all the walls. 
“Where are we?” 
“I have no idea. Let's take a look around and see if we can find anything.” Nate was already ahead of us looking as he said this.  
I started to take a step forward when I heard something. “What was that?” The other three gave me a what gesture that was barely visible in the flashlight. I made it another four feet before I heard it again. This time it was close and it felt like there was a breath on my neck. 
“Something is down here with us.” I told them. 
“No there's not we would have heard them.” Nate said. 
“No Nate there's something here. I know there is I just felt it.” 
“Your mind is playing tricks on you.”' 
Almost as if on cue all of the torches except for one in the back of the room went out. Then we heard footsteps followed by laughter.
“You’re right there little slicky Ricky. There is something down here.” There was another laugh and the footsteps were closer, they went right past me and into the torch light where the man turned around. The right side of his face was melted together in a jumble of skin. 
“Who are you?” Nate yelled. 
“Oh, you don't know. I'm so sorry boys let me introduce myself. My name is John... John Cables. I'm thinking it's safe to assume you'd heard of me.” 
I stared at the man for a moment frozen with fear. This was a level of impossible that even I hadn't dreamed of. I turned my head slightly to see everyone else with the same frozen expression on their face. 
“H-h-h-how?” Stan stuttered out. “You’re sup-supposed t-t-t-to be....” 
“Dead?” John finished. 
Stan nodded. 
“You see boys, I'm very much dead as you can NO DOUBT SEE BY THE MELTED SIDE OF MY FACE.” He took a deep breath and calmed himself. 
“As the expression goes, I have unfinished business, that damn train wreck took my one chance to see my kids grow up. It's a lonely world living here in this station but you learn to live, I did. I've also learned a lot about being dead. It's kind of a gift you see, I can remain invisible to those I don't want to know I'm around, and I can show myself to those that I do. Either way it got very lonely down here, I'm stuck here and my soul won't let me leave. Then one day I got a surprise.” 
The four of us looked at him in amazement. We were all too afraid to move. 
“You see this underground station that you've found hasn't always been here. In fact it was built just for the purpose it serves now, to give me a home. It's not a comfy place by any means but it was the best that could be done after my Great-Grandson discovered I was here.
He met me in the records room upstairs and learned that I wasn't a horrible person at all... OH NO, In fact I used to be a kind gentle person, all I wanted was family. So he brought me family. I'm not sure what was wrong with all of them but they all died as they saw me, or shortly thereafter. I'd like to think it was a heart attack but I could be wrong. He would bring more people, and more people would die, as the legend grew people began to come in here on their own and go missing, the people started talking. Nothing was ever good, they wouldn't let it be good, I WAS THE EVIL MAN AFTER ALL. It came to a point where I didn't wait, if they walked through that door they were as good as dead, I figure if you won't join me in life, why not join me in death. 
Nate looked at him puzzled, scared, nervous but one thing he didn't look was angry. I looked around at the other two and to my surprise neither of them either. 
“But where are they then?” 
John laughed. “They're all around you, you just have to look.” 
We all took a look around the room and for the first time we saw hundreds of faces floating around. Faces of children, adults, and everything in between. They were all locked into this hell with John and there was no way to get them out. 
“Who is your grandson?” Nate asked. 
 “His name was Stewart.” 
“That son of a bitch.” 
“Oh good, you've figured it out. Your mayor has been setting you up for the last 10 years, and leading you all to slaughter. Now, I told him years ago that while I can't leave this forsaken hell, if someone else came down to join me then I wouldn't let them leave either. That's my way of welcoming them to my family.” 
The faces around us started closing in, and without thinking I began to run back up the tunnel. I couldn't believe it but Stan and Drake were right behind me. Nate however was nowhere to be found. I stopped and turned around and started to head back when I heard Nate scream until it was choked out. 
“Let's get the hell out of here.” 
We turned and headed out of the ladder and pushed the desk back across the hole. We went out into the front of the building. As we did we heard a train whistle, we watched around the corner as the train disappeared and John waved, we saw Nate's face in the back glass screaming as it pulled away. 
“There's no way to save him now.”
“You’re right but I'll be damned if I'm going to let this stand.” Drake said as he started walking back toward town. 
“What do you plan on doing?” 
“I'm going to burn this shit hole down, then I'm going to have a chat with our mayor.” 

****

We went back into town, when we reached the courthouse I stopped Drake. 
“Do you have any plan of action?”
He looked for a moment, first back in the direction we had come from then over toward the nearest gas station. 
“I plan on torching that damn building. It's stood for far too long.” 
“Look,” I began. “I understand that your emotional right now and rightfully so, but you've figured out what you wanted to know, which is why you brought me along. I'm not getting dragged down by whatever it is you’re deciding to do. I'm out of here.” 
I turned and walked back home. All the while I felt the nag of remorse in my head but I told myself, it was for the best. Even considering everything, to this day I still believe that. 
The next day I went into town to the gas station. The clerk looked at me as I walked in. I gathered the stuff I needed and went to the counter, when I walked up he started asking me question after question. 
“Do you know what happened to the boys?” 
I looked at him puzzled. “What boys?” 
“Drake, Nathan, and Stanley, they’re all missing.” 
I shook my head. 
“If you hear from them let the cops know.” 
Again I looked at him puzzled but nodded and left. 
I spent the rest of the day in my room until my mom called up. 
“Hey Ricky, the phone's for you.” 
I wondered downstairs, trying to figure out who was calling, I hadn't given anyone our phone number. I walked into the kitchen and took it. 
“Hello?” 
There was a pause and a long breath at the other end of the phone. 
“Hello?” I asked again.
“Ricky, oh poor Ricky, Guess what, I have your friends.” 
“Who the hell is this?” 
That snide laughter still echoes in my ears to this day. “It's your old pal Stewart, you know the man who runs your town. As it turns out I've learned that you and your friends here know my secret. We can't have that getting out now can we so what I'm going to have you do is come back down here to the train station.”
“And If I refuse?” 
There was more laughter. “I'll kill them.”
I dropped the phone down, my mom jumped. 
“What's going on Rick?” 
“I have to go.” I turned to walk out of the house. I made it to the door before turning back around. “Hey do we have any gas?” 
She walked around the corner. 
“What for?” 
“Personal reasons, do we have any or not?” She thought, “Yeah there's one in the garage but Rick what are you doing?” I walked out of the house closing the door and I didn't look back. 

****

I made it to the station with both 5 gallon gas cans that I had found. I knew exactly what I had planned to do, I just didn't know the best way to get there. I started slowly pouring gas all over everything and walking backward toward the inside of the building. I had made it to the hole when I emptied out the first can. I realized that the tunnels would never burn so I left the second can there. 
I climbed down into the hole and turned on my flashlight. I walked for a while before finally reaching the entrance to the large lit room. Stewart turned to face me. 
“Nice of you to join us.” As he turned I realized he had a gun in his hand. 
“My pleasure, but is that thing really necessary.” I asked him pointing to the gun. 
“More then you know so why don't you come on over here.” 
As I walked across the room I noticed that Drake and Stan were standing there. They had their hands behind their backs. 
“Now that you’re all here. I'd like to thank you for learning my secret. I've wanted to tell someone for years but I had to keep quiet. I knew that, if it ever got out that I was the one behind those murders, well it wouldn't look good for my campaign would it. That's why I am going to have to kill the three of you.” 
“Before you do, I want to know why. Why did you care enough to come looking, or even worse why did you want to feed your own people to this thing.” 
The smile on Stewart's face faded. 
“That thing, as you call it is part of my family. I wanted to give him company, closure, whatever it was that he needed, and that was the only way I know how. So I thought and thought, the more I got to know him the more I learned what he wanted and that's why I started giving people over to him. What he did with them was his decision.”
I felt sick to my stomach from hearing his reasoning but I pressed on. 
“Okay so while this is true, why didn't you stop after the first set of people went missing?” 
“I just couldn't, I wanted to help. It's family, I'm sure you know what that's like. Family, someone you would kill for.” 
“Yeah I know what that's like, but that doesn't mean I'd do it.” 
“Well then Ricky, guess we're all different in our own way.” 
Up to that point I hadn't realized that Stan and Drake had moved behind Stewart. As he finished his sentence they tackled him and knocked him to the ground causing him to land on his chest. The gun flew from his hand and slid over to the other side of the room. 
I picked it up. “Looks like I’m in charge now.” 
“Once family, always family.” He responded. The lights in the room began to flicker. I heard laughter and in the darkness I heard a scream from what sounded like Stan. Then Stewart piped up again. 
“That's right asshole face the pain of what happens when you screw with family.” 
Stan screamed again and as he went silent, followed by Drake yelling. 
“Run Rick, get the fuck out of here.” 
I didn't even think twice I took off back down the tunnel. I made it just outside the entrance to the room when I heard Stewart yell.
“Stop him!” 
I picked up speed, running as fast as I possibly could. Once I saw the ladder I flung my flashlight out and jumped on and climbed as fast as I could. As I got to the top I put my legs under me and ran. I reached into my pocket hoping that I hadn't dropped the lighter I had picked up from home. 
I felt around my pockets with no luck. It's Gone I thought. Then I felt the weight of it in my back pocket. I pulled it out turned and flicked it on, and threw it down as I began running to the exit. The fumes caught on and the trail led right up to the standing gas can that exploded just as I made it outside of the building. 
I heard the boom as I hit the ground. I turned around to watch it. It only took minutes before the entire thing was in flames. I started walking back toward town. In the back of my head I heard my brain say I'm sorry guys, and while I'm sure it was my imagination, I thought I heard someone else say, “It's okay, it needed to be done.” 
I had made it back to the courthouse before I saw the fire trucks leaving. I had only hoped it had burned enough that it had fallen in on itself. That was the only hope that I had that it was all over. 

****

A couple of weeks passed after the fire. No bodies were recovered. They said there was nowhere a body could be once they cleaned up the burnt ashes. I took that as a good sign. They knew it was arson, but they never pinpointed any suspects. The gas cans were too melted and they found an exploded lighter at the scene. 
I read all the updates in the paper. I'm pretty sure my mom knew I had something to do with it but if she did she never told me. Once the case went cold life went on normally in the small town. We were only there for another year before moving again. But for once I was far too happy to move. 
To this day I still have nightmares about that hole, and the men who are still in there. But the one thing that makes me feel better is knowing that no matter what, that train straight to hell will never blow its whistle again.  

Decelerations For The Departed

What had I forgotten?
That feel, 
Yes,
That pleasure, 
Most definitely, 
But then why, 
Did I find myself, behind the desk, 
A pencil in my hand, 
Wondering how it was, 
That these words, 
That I so magically create,
Keep me preoccupied, 
Teach me about myself, 
And keep me from going crazy, 
Those plot lines, 
That seem to spin themselves,
Why
Do I continue to abandon them, 
And leave them alone, 
In the dark spin, 
Of my imagination, 
Is it not a shock,
That my love for these words, 
Runs so deep,
I would like to think not, 
But then again,
You’re the one who makes the call, 
Sometimes the people still ask,
Where has the Devil gone, 
And when will I pick up the pencil again,
When will I spin those tales, 
Of the forgotten magic,
That I've become accustomed,
And the answer,
Is now,
Today is the day I pick it up,
Release the dragon from his cage,
And let the world, 
And the words fly, 


Gingerbread House


The hallways to her heart are closed,
Cut off years ago, 
When she realized that no one was there to help her, 
She was alone, 
Helpless, 
And sad, 
But no one came along, 
She wanted that journey, 
One final journey, 
One that would lead her to a promised land, 
And take her away from this world, 
That she's come to hate, 
So she sets foot on the ground, 
Her eyes unclear of where she's headed, 
And she begins to walk,
Almost stumbling,

Hours come and go, 
And she grows tired, 
She comes upon a house, 
Set back in the woods, 
The front was run down, 
The paint worn away, 
And the door hung from its hinges, 
She climbed the stairs, 
And noticed the dirty rocker, 
She sits down, 
And stares out into the road, 
From which she'd just come, 
She feels at home, 
And doesn't even know why,, 
She leaned back, 
And takes a nap, 
To recharge her batteries, 

The sunsets on the house, 
And she comes to, 
Feeling more rested then she's felt in years, 
The horrible memories she'd had, 
From the past, 
Are still there, 
But grows distant,
She turns and realizes that this journey that she seeks, 
This escape she needs, 
Is inside this house,
She walks up to the door, 
And pushes it aside, 
The inside, 
Is more beautiful than she ever imagined, 
She takes one step back, 
And notices that now the outside is just as beautiful, 
Restored to its old luster, 
The paint is a brilliant white, 
The shutters are blue, 
And the door is the original wood,
Her eyes must be deceiving her she thinks, 
But she walks back through the door and notices in the front room, 
The beautiful chandelier is lit up to perfection, 
She looks around and notices on the table is a bottle of wine, 
Why not it can't hurt, 
So she takes a glass and pours some, 
She wants to take a look around at the house, 
She notices the kitchen, 
A brilliant tile floor with stunning brown cabinets, 
She can't believe that this house is so beautiful,  
The real question though, 
Is how did she find it, 

She takes a seat on the couch, 
It's softer than it looks,
And stretches out, 
She feels her body relaxing, 
Her eyes close, 
But her mind does little to suppress the memories, 
Every haunting vision comes back, 
And climbs into her head, 
She feels her body begin to convulse, 
And suddenly she hears voices, 
Far away at first, 
But growing closer, 
And she realizes she's moving, 
Rolling it feels, 
On a bed, 
And she gently opens her eyes, 
To notice she's under lights, 
She closes her eyes back, 
And lets herself wheel away, 

The lights around her are bright, 
And fields of flowers, 
She notices that there is a figure walking toward her, 
She can't make them out, 
Then she hears a voice inside her head, 
“This isn't where you need to be baby girl, 
You have so much left to do, 
So many things left to achieve, 
But in order to reach your ultimate goal, 
You need to wake up, 
Memories, 
And life in general may be horrible, 
But you are so much better than anything,
And anyone, 
No one can hold you down, 
Only yourself, 
You are indeed an angel, 
But not here, 
Not yet, 
You have much to do”

Suddenly the vision goes black, 
“She's coming back” 
She hears as the light re-enters her vision, 
She opens her eyes, 
And they're crowded around her, 
One holding her hand, 
The doctor, 
Has a worried look on his face, 
“We almost lost you sweetheart.” 
He tells her, 
Though she can barely understand it, 
She lets herself fade back to sleep, 
Hoping when she wakes up, 
This will make more sense, 

A year and a half later...

The same girl is on the front porch of her home, 
With a blanket wrapped around her, 
Her mom comes out with a cup of coca, 
And hands it to her, 
She looks up at her mom, 
And with a quiver in her voice, 
She asks, 
“Can you tell me what happened that day?” 
Her mom's expression drops, 
But she knew this day would come, 
She bends on one knee, 
Her mom takes the girl's hand, 
And tell her, 
“Honey, we found you lying on the side of the road, 
About a mile from here, 
You were convulsing, 
And when they finally got you into the hospital, 
They didn't think you'd make it, 
They told us it was a miracle that you pulled through, 
But all the while, 
They said that you were talking about a gingerbread house?” 

The daughter shakes her head with a tear in her eye, 
Her mom gets up and walks back into the house leaving the girl, 
to ponder her thoughts, 
“From this day forward, 
I will change, 
I will be a better person, 
I will be the woman I set out to be, 
And I will change this world a life at a time,” 
She sits down her mug, 
And bows her head, 
For the first time in almost ten years, 
She prays, 
And she realizes just then, 
That everything she'd been through would be okay
That something would 
Help her, 
Make her stronger, 
She wipes away a tear, 
As she realizes, 
That her heaven, 
Is the beautiful Gingerbread house, 
Of her dreams, 


Broken Nightmares

Before I begin, 
This isn't a poem, 
Or a story, 
Hell not even a song, 
This is something, 
That maybe I should have written at the beginning, 
But then again, 
Maybe it's a good thing I didn't, 
Looking back, 
It's amazing that it's been ten years, 
Ten long years since I've started putting words to paper, 
And every step of the way, 
Something new seems to unfold in front of me, 
My words have gotten me friends, 
Love, 
And even a few enemies, 
I've broken spirits, 
Destroyed souls, 
And let people walk hand in hand with the devil, 
The twisted corridors, 
And mirrored hallways, 
That make up my mind, 
Have seen few visitors, 
And those few, 
Are far between, 
The doors open, 
Let me take you on a trip, 
This isn't a poem, 
Or song, 
More like, 
A tour if you will, 
Letting you walk through the spider webs, 
On the hard floor, 
Look around, 
The cold stone echoes, 
With the thoughts, 
Of the demon within, 
Afraid yet? 
What if the lights went out? 
What about now, 
Look around, 
The darkness will take you, 
A bright light burst from nowhere, 
And the walls are now blue, 
Lit with white lines, 
That guide you forward, 
Let’s step up, 
Above the fires, 
Now reflected in the mirrors beneath you, 
Shocking isn't it, 
How my mind changes in the blink of an eye, 
Hopefully you’re still in for this ride, 
Because there's no turning back, 
Strap yourself in, 
This cart jerks forward slowly, 
Are you ready? 
To the left, 
We see the pages, 
Of years past, 
Flowing freely, 
Titles come outward, 
Outlined in red, 
Slowly move forward, 
And the lights go from Blue, 
To green, 
And then orange,
Like a fucked acid trip, 
That can only be created by the likes of a scientist, 
Guess maybe a pair of 3-D glasses were in order, 
But just another second, 
And the room is dark again,
Lit only by the dim fires, 
That surrounds the door, 
At the end of the hallway, 
The cart slowly pulls you forward before stopping, 
Just ten feet from the door, 
Last chance, 
To drop this idea now, 
Because once you've proceeded past that door, 
Dropping out means certain corruption, 
I'll wait while you decide…
I'm guessing that you’re willing to stay on, 
Don't say that I didn't warn you, 
The door flies open, 
And reveals flames, 
Every which way, 
As the cart rolls through, 
You look to the side, 
Bodies’ burn with sick smiles, 
And diamonds in their eyes, 
On the other side, 
There's Fire, 
But there are children, 
With no eyes, 
And melting skins, 
At their feet, 
The tears that they once cried, 
Spelled out 666,
Welcome to my personal hell, 
Further down you the buildings that, 
Seemingly don't exist, 
But at the same time, 
Your imagination doesn't work here,
Because this is MY hell, 
MY Failed attempts at everything, 
The cart rolls to a stop at the first building, 
And at the top you'll notice that there are hanging people, 
All gasping for air, 
But in this eternity, 
They will never breath properly again, 
Now ask yourself, 
Or better yet ask me, 
Why they hang for eternity, 
And simply I tell you, 
It's because this is WHAT I wanted, 
WHAT I call my hell, 
See that sick, 
Sadistic, 
Sad smile, 
Spread across my face, 
I hope you know what you’re diving further and further into, 
The next building, 
Is full of needles, 
With people repeatedly,
Diving in trying to find something, 
That doesn't exist, 
Let’s move forward before, 
I change the rules, 
In the next room, 
There's a glass wall, 
I hope you’re ready for this, 
Because this is a crowning achievement for me, 
Watch closely, 
As a guy steps from nowhere, 
He runs headlong through at full speed, 
Head first,
You see the cuts begin to leak, 
All over the floor, 
Back and forth he cuts himself, 
Until finally he collapses, 
But wait the trick isn't over, 
The wall reseals itself, 
And the man reappears,
To do it all over again, 
A chair comes from underground, 
And I take a seat, 
I hope you've enjoyed this tour, 
I mean it isn't much, 
But after all you did get in free, 
I hope you understand a little better, 
That I’m more fucked up on the inside, 
Then I appear on the outside, 
As if that was possible right? 
Now I'll let the cart take you out, 
But as you go out, 
I want you to see one last part of me, 
The part that corroborates with my mind, 
My heart, 
And in case you ask, 
It's this way, 
Because I'm broken, 
Beaten and scared, 
It's not something I'm proud of, 
But it's something I live with, 
I thank you to everyone whose still on board, 
And has lived through this past decade of demons, 
And I’ll promise you, 
There's more to come, 
And now for the last part of my tour, 
I hope you have your flashlight...
Bye bye now...



Learning Curve

I slid the second story window open, 
And walked out onto the roof, 
The tin creaked under my feet, 
My jeans gently blowing in the cool wind, 
I feel the air touch the skin on my chest, 
I walk toward the edge, 
And sat down, 
I stared into sky, 
At the stars, 
I lay there, 
For hours, 
Thinking over everything that had happened in the last month, 
I pulled a cigarette from my pocket, 
And lit it up, 
I felt the air pull into my lungs, 
A forbidden taste,
Only used in times of deep thought, 
And that's what this was,  
It seemed like the entire game had changed, 
With two simple things, 
A touch, 
And a tug, 
And suddenly everything was open, 
I took another drag, 
And the images file back into my head, 
Of you leaving, 
Of you waving, 
And in my head, 
I knew that soon enough, 
I'd be digging into your head,
Earlier tonight, 
That's exactly what I did, 
But the place I purged into, 
Isn't one I go to often, 
And never wanna go again, 
I let the blood out of my veins, 
And began asking questions about your past, 
Hoping for your honesty, 
But at the same time, 
Hoping that I wouldn't learn anything, 
I saw the look on your face, 
As the questions grew tougher, 
And I knew, 
As things went on, 
I didn't want the answers, 
I was seeking, 
But before I finally told you good night, 
I saw the look on your face, 
One that told me everything I'd learned tonight, 
Were things that you didn't want to tell me, 
So I kissed you goodnight, 
And now I'm here, 
On my roof, 
Running details over in my head, 
In the morning, 
I feel that a phone calls needs to be placed, 
And maybe I'll tell you goodbye, 
And I'm not what you wanted, 
What you needed, 
What you expected, 
In the morning, 
I will tell you goodbye, 
For one final time, 
The doubt laid to rest, 
As the puff of the cancer stick, 
Disappears into the air, 
As I step back through the window, 
Letting the doubt and feelings, 
Lay on the tin roof, 
Behind me

Bombshell 

The concrete playground was deserted and the shot in his stomach left him hurting,
He knew what must be done, 
Coming this far left a hole, that made him feel so old, 
Would the coming pain linger, like a high note from a singer, 
Where had his life gone, unsure of where to go next,
He had the gun in his hand as he looked up at the duplex, 
Did they care where he'd been, he thought not,
It was then he forgot, that he was alone, 
And screamed into the darkness, He knew what he had done, 
The man didn't ask for it, hadn't been the target, 
It was all a set-up, left to make him wish,
That the ditch, was the place that he called home,
He hadn't signed up for this, but in the end,
Wasn't this his wish, to end the suffering of a country, 
But not with a shot, 
The events played, like a bad home movie on a cheap screen
********
He was in the crowd, his ear bud popped, 
That was his sign, that the coast was clear and it was time,
He focused, took a deep breath and walked forward, 
For years he wondered what this meeting would be like, 
Ever since he was that little tike,
When he'd been forgotten, 
And left alone by the father who never wanted him, 
He walked on through the crowd, 
Scanning for problems, 
Finding only people with faces, that screamed with joy,
Wasn't that this man's real gift, to make people feel good, 
What about your son daddy, what about the boy from the hood, 
The one you left behind, to chase a dream,
He walked faster, not wanting to cause a scene, 
And before he knew it he was face to face, with his father, 
That left him behind all those years ago, 
He reached up, put one in either guard, 
Then one in the man in the middle, 
Such shitty security detail, 
For a such a powerful man, 
He took off running, through the downed crowd,
Stepping over people and taking care,
He took off running,
That's when he felt the pain,
The bullet pierced his stomach and he almost went down, but he was determined, 
To not let himself fall, 
He got out of the park by the skin of his teeth, 
That's where he laid low, 
They hunted and hunted, and found nothing but empty ground,
They hadn't given up, Hell no, 
Who would give up the hunt, 
For the man who had just killed the President, 
Or Dictator, 
Guess it depended on how you looked at it, 
They had expanded the search, 
Began looking at hospitals, 
He was sure of that, being in the barracks for the years he had, 
Taught him how they would look, 
As soon as the coast was clear he set off for the boss woman's house, 
When he arrived they patched him up, 
And when he came to it was dark out, 
He looked around and she was sitting, 
In the corner of the room looking over him adoringly,
“Hello Sweetheart,” 
He waited before talking, raising himself up on one elbow,
“Hello Mom.” 
“It is done.” She said.
He nodded, assuming the news had gotten to her. 
“Where do we go from here?” He asked.
She thought, 
“Well we hide, just because he was my husband,
And your father, doesn't make it better in their eyes.
We just assassinated a powerful man, but it was something 
He asked for.” 
He didn't know why but that little pep talk made him feel better,
And with that he passed out,
*****

Hours might have passed, days even he wasn't sure,
But he heard the explosions outside, 
He jumped to his feet, the pain his stomach was faint but still there,
He took off to the window first, 
He noticed the fire cloud rising from the ground, 
And it became clear, 
They were under attack, 
They were well hidden yet they had been found, 
He took off into the kitchen, 
It was then that he noticed that the house was empty, 
He looked around, and couldn't believe that his nightmares were coming true, 
He walked outside and looked up, 
Planes were everywhere, 
He saw the bodies laid out,
His mother he could only assume,
And other members of the party that had given their life, 
To protect its cause, 
He took a deep breath, and took off running, 
Through the fires,
And the explosions all around him,
When he reached the safe haven, 
Of a secret bunker in the woods,
He stayed put
It was here that he watched and waited,
The men talked,
Finally one said something,
That blew his mind, 
“You know, they got the wrong guy.” 
“Elaborate” 
The first guard thought for a moment and looked around, 
“The President is still alive, 
They didn't get him, the bullet caught his right hand man,” 
The guard finished, 
He sat in his hole, 
Realizing that he had failed, 
He continued to sit,
Hours passed, 
Before they finally left him to his own devices, 
He slid out from his hiding place, 
And took off walking,  
As the darkness engulfed him, 
He walked on, 
Knowing exactly where it was that he needed to go, 
********

He walked calmly, 
Quietly, 
He wanted nothing more,
Then this to be over, 
But if it was going to end, 
And He the last of the resistance,
He wanted to end this the right way, 
So he walked on, 
Only pausing long enough to ponder his decision further, 
He arrived, 
Outside the building,
That concrete playground, 
It was then as he looked at the gun, 
He realized that his short life was just that, 
Far too short, 
It was here as he sat,
And stared at the duplex that his life,
Had flashed in his eyes, 
His stomach hurt more than even now, 
But the bullet wasn't the cause of this pain, 
The blame lies only on his nerves, 
He sat down on the bench,
And asked himself if this was the way to go, 
And he knew they didn't care, 
They wouldn't care,
30
Hell maybe 45 Seconds,
And it would all be over, 
All that wasted effort, 
And the man that he needed,
Wanted so badly to be dead,
Still lived, 
In the darkness of a care room, 
From inside this building,
He knew that this would be his final stand, 
But he wanted to avenge the death, of his mother, 
So he got off the bench, 
And walked into the building, 
Before they could ask,
He opened fire, 
Two down,
But that was as far as his bullets would allow him to go, 
He felt two,
Then all went black,
*********

President, 
The noise came faint,
President 
Here's the attempted assassin,
The president came to, 
“How do you know?”
They dropped the body of a boy, 
“Oh My...” 
His voice dropped, 
The guard piped up again,
“He was alone, 
Before we opened fire, 
We heard him saying things about camp, 
And how we had slaughtered everyone else,
How the resistance would die by your hand, 
And he called you dad, 
We're not sure but we think that he might have been into some heavy drugs,
Indicated by the drag lines on his arms, 
They'll do test in the morning, 
But...”
The guard tailed off
He heard sniffles, 
“Sir?” 
“Get my wife.” the President proclaimed, 
The guard did just that, 
Before long his wife returned and gasp when she saw the body on the floor, 
“What happened?”
She screamed, 
“We believe it was drugs ma'am” 
The guard told her. 
She hit the floor weeping,
“I can't believe my son would do this, was there anything else?”
The guard looked at him, 
“He said that you sir were the devil, and that he was here for you.” 
The President nodded. 
“Please remove the body.” 
“Are you sure Mr. President?” 
He nodded,
They did just that, 
The president and his wife held each other weeping, 
They couldn't believe that hallucinations had cost their son his life,
And that the drugs, 
Had taken another soul, 
Straight to the depths of hell

Better Off


 Mike sat in the corner of the room, the thoughts of the past few years running through his head. All the mistakes that he made, being haunted by his past, it was all there.  He got up, he hurt all over, it was mostly self-inflected pain but it was pain all the same. 
He walked to the counter and picked up the notepad and pen. He really wasn't sure how he was going to do this. He didn't know when she would be back, and he had no intention of seeing her when she did. 
He sat down on the bed and stared at the blank paper deciding that it was best to keep his note short and sweet. 

Dear Mom,
I know that you won't understand the decision I've made but I know it's for the best. I've had a life full of horrible memories that never leave. I'm tired of it and I don't want it anymore. Until we meet again, 
Love Always, 
Mike

He walked back to the counter and put the notebook back down face up with the pencil slid down along the side. He stared at it before going back to his dresser. He reached into the top drawer and pulled out a long piece of rope. He took time putting the slipknot in making sure that it would hold. Once he was confident, he walked back to the center of the room. He stepped up on the wooden chair and threw the end of the rope over, reaching up to tie it in place. He dropped, letting his body weight hang from it to make sure that it would hold, to his surprise it did. 
 He climbed back up on the chair and stared out the window. The blue skies called to him, in his head he knew his fate would take him other places it was peaceful thinking of how things could have been. The sun glittered off the window and reflected into his eyes. All the thinking brought up one unanswered question, where did it all go wrong? Where had it been written in that it would happen to him? He closed his eyes and flew through his memories.

****
His mind stopped off on him as a teenager. He saw the high school locker room and smelt the sweat in the air, it was then that he knew the memory he was watching. Robbie, the high school's star quarterback and neighborhood dickhead walked up and threw his arm around Mike. 
“Mikey, how are you my boy?” Robbie spoke with fake sincerity, Mike picked up on it but just let it go.
“I'm fine.”
“That's good, real good. I have something I want to show you.” 
Mike shrugged and nodded. 
“Okay bud, come right over here.” Robbie walked him over to the showers. Once they were at the threshold Robbie pushed, Mike tripped then slid on the wet tile before stopping against the back wall. As he sat there weight began pelting him in the chest, then the legs, and finally his head. He shook the cobwebs loose and realized that he was covered in pig fat. 
“What the hell is their problem with me?” He asked himself as he showered off. Once he was finished he walked out of the Gym wearing the same clothes that he had before class started. Luckily they didn't take these he thought as he walked past the snickering group of guys by the door. 
He pushed through the small hallways to his locker. He got the combination in on the third try and opened his door.  This was the first time that he saw her. 
Her name was Lucy and she was out of his league by every stretch of the imagination. She had long slender legs, hair that ran down her back, and eyes that you could get lost in for years. Mike threw caution to the wind and struck up a conversation that led him on a roller coaster ride for life. 
The next memories were the seemingly endless conversations that they had. It seemed no matter what kind of mood he was in she could cheer him up, and vice-versa. It didn't take long before Mike had fallen in love with her. On one of those nights, he learned the horrible secret that she'd been hiding from everyone.
“Mike, can I tell you something that no one else knows?” 
He nodded. 
She pulled down the top part of her shirt to reveal black and blue marks around her throat. Mike stared. “Who did that to you?” Was all he could think to say, even that came out in a voice that wasn't his own. 
He looked up in time to see the tears run down her face. He wrapped his arms around her. He let her get herself under control before he asked again. 
“Who did that to you?” 
She looked at him with hurt in her eyes. He returned the glance with a softness that he didn't know existed. Then she broke down. 
“My father, he beats me, there are other worse things too. My mom won't do anything and if I report it...” She trailed off.
“I'll kill him.” Mike said. From his out of body vantage point he realized that this entire conversation wasn't him... but the something far more evil inside himself. Secretly, he loved his more twisted side. 
“Would you?” she said with surprise in her voice. 
 “Without thinking twice,” he told her. 
These weren't the memories he wanted. Mike went in search again. Finally he found what he was after in a memory from when he was four. This was exactly what he was looking for, his parents fighting, screaming and yelling while he was hiding in the corner. Mike heard his mom yell something about him before the contact sound of skin on skin and his mom yell in pain. Little Mike walked around the corner until he saw his mom lying on the floor. He started to cry, and his mouth was met by the backside of his father's hand. His abuse would only get worse from there.
Mike shot forward in his memories until he found the day that he came home to find his mom dead and his dad gone. The note on the fridge was written by his Mom but had blood on the bottom. 
Mikey, 
I love you but I have to find us a way out, I'm sorry I can't take you with me but I'll be back for you as soon as I can. Love Mom.
He had come home and found her dead face down with her head at an odd angle pressed against the grate on the refrigerator. He called the cops and when they showed up he couldn't help but cry as they bagged up the body. 
That had happened when he was 9. He was placed in the foster system and not long afterward he was adopted by a nice family out of Crowder, Missouri, which is where he came to meet Lucy. 
The memories came to him and flooded his vision as he went. He couldn't believe what he was seeing but the worst was yet to come. 
The next memory was the night that he had met Lucy's dad. Mike had claimed to need help, he called Lucy and she talked her dad into going out to where Mike was to help. Lucy had decided to ride with him though Mike wasn't ever sure why. When they had arrived, Mike was sitting outside the car, maybe it was the look on his face, maybe something else, Mike never would be sure but her dad was angry before they stopped. He stepped out of the truck dragging her behind him. 
“So fucking sad you know.  The little whore told you didn't she? You know you’re not the first person she's wooed with her fucked up lies. In fact I'd almost venture to say that you wouldn't be the last but I'm sick of my name getting her random guys to show her fake sympathy all the time.”
He reached into the back of the truck and pulled out a tire tool. At the same time, Mike had reached into his waist band and pulled out the gun that he had. Time seemed to slow as he pulled the trigger twice and to his surprise he missed Lucy completely and caught the big man right in the throat.  He fell to the ground gasping for air. 
Mike stared at the gun for a moment before walking over and tossing it into the truck. He walked over and picked up the body and tossed it in the bed of the truck. For a large man, Mike thought he was considerably light. He picked up the gun from the bed and rubbed her dad’s hands on it, then tucked it into the waistband of her dads' pants. He turned his attention to Lucy.  
“Get in. We've got to get rid of this before anyone finds it. Do you think your mom will come looking for him?”
“Not real sure, I doubt it. She was afraid of him but she didn't love him. If she asks I'll make something up. 
They climbed into the truck and took off. There was a cliff less than two miles away and he drove the truck while she drove his car. They got to the cliff and Mike climbed out of the truck, and looked into the bed. He fastened down the body with a tie rope, popped the truck into neutral and pushed as hard as he could. It toppled over the edge and he watched as it bounced off each side of the canyon before finally hitting the bottom. 
Mike turned and looked at Lucy who was bawling. He could see it in her eyes.  She couldn't believe what they had done. She hit her knees and he ran to her. He wrapped his arms around her and held her until the sobs had subsided. He helped her into the car and they went home. 
He gave her a kiss and sent her on the way into her house. 
Mike closed his eyes and then suddenly he was back at home. As he looked around he realized that he was still surfing the memories because he saw himself was sitting on the bed. There was a knock on the door. 
“Come in.” He said.
The door opened and he saw the older lady that he called mom. She walked over to the bed with the cordless phone in her hand.
“Lucy's on the phone sweetheart. She sounds terribly upset but I couldn't get her to calm down enough before I got up here. Maybe you can do something.”
She handed the phone over. Mike pressed his ear to it and spoke. 
“Hello.”
There was silence on the other end.  Then Lucy started crying. 
“Mike, come get me. Mom knows what we've done. She's gone crazy and called the cops. I'm not sure why but there's nothing we can do about it now. They'll be here any minute... I don't want to go by myself.” Her last words came out in a broken whisper. 
“How did she know?” he asked. 
There was silence before Lucy spoke again. “I told her, it was an accident, don't hate me please...” Her last word trailed off in a mix of sobs. 
“I'll be right there.” Mike said, “I love you.” He hung up the phone and sat it on his bed. He walked to his mom and threw his arms around her. 
“What's wrong?” she asked. 
“Nothing you need to concern yourself with. Just know that I love you and if I don't come home tonight. It's for the best.” 
“But…” He was gone before she could finish the sentence. Mike looked on from above and saw his mom mouth the words I love you too. 
In the next instant he was in a police interrogation room. He saw himself sitting there staring at the wall as the door opened. In walked Detective Marrion, who sat down on the other side of Mike. 
“So why did you do it son?” He asked. 
Mike laughed, he couldn't help himself. He saw that as the worst opening line you could use for an interrogation, yet it seemed everyone used it. 
“Look I know how this works. I'm 18 which means that I'm an adult, and will be charged as such right?”
Mike was watching himself, and couldn't believe how he had managed to pull off the next act of this odd show. It was a memory all too vivid in his mind.
“Yes, if we seek to charge you with anything you'll be charged as an adult.” Marrion told him. 
“How the hell do you know I had anything to do with it?” He asked. 
The detective looked him over and smiled. 
“Lucy told her mom everything, her mom is willing to testify and put you both away.” 
Mike smiled. 
“Do you think she could pass a mental evaluation?  The last time I checked she was beyond crazy and let’s face it, they won't buy the testimony of a crazy bitch.” 
Marrion's smile faded and his eyes turned dark. Mike couldn't help but let a smug smile out. 
“So now what?  Because I can tell by looking at you that you have a guilty conscience and you did something. You know something, what do you want for it?”
Mike smiled again. 
“Here's the deal. I'll give you a full taped confession of what exactly happened. But, in return you drop all charges against Lucy and her name never comes up in any way. Do we have a deal?” 
Marrion looked at him dumbfounded. “That's all you want?” 
“Yes” he said simply. 
“Let me check with the D.A. and make sure that's possible. If so, then I'd say you just cut a hell of a bargain.” 
Mike smiled.
“Before I go,” Marrion said. “Not ten seconds ago you said they wouldn't buy the testimony of a crazy bitch. Now you’re going to give a confession. Why?”
Mike smiled again. “On the off chance they do, I don't want Lucy to have to go through that. Have you ever loved anyone that way detective?” 
Marrion nodded. 
“If you loved them half as much as I love Lucy you'd understand.” 
Marrion nodded again before he left. 
They took the deal.  They didn't have a choice really. Not if they wanted a for sure thing. Lucy told her story on his behalf but it didn't matter, in the next moment he was sitting in the cell, he heard approaching footsteps and looked up as the guard walked around the corner. 
“You have a visitor.” 
Mike got up and walked to the cell wall, the guard spoke again barely above a whisper.
“Between me and you, that son of a bitch deserved it.  You don't need to be here, and I have a feeling you won't have to be for long.” 
“Why?”
“Your mom might have a way out.”
“How do you know?” Mike asked. 
The guard walked away just as his mom walked around the corner.
“My baby, I never thought you'd be behind bars.” 
“Love does funny things.” He told her with a laugh.
They tried a hug between the bars with little success, she stepped back and Mike let his curiosity get the best of him.
“The guard said I might be able to get out of here, what gives?” 
She looked around trying to make sure she wasn't heard.
“I pulled some strings, I happen to know the right people in the right places. I told them exactly what you told me, and they agree that given the circumstances they can see why you acted. They've agreed to take your confession in return for 3 years house arrest.
Mike felt the air leave his chest. Two weeks ago he was being told he would be stuck behind bars for the rest of his life.  It was like a weight had been lifted. This had to be a dream.
Mike looked at his mom with tears in his eyes and he couldn't believe it. He calmed down, took a breath and spoke again. 
“Are there any catches?” 
“You'll have to visit a P.O. once a week and you can never own firearms, do drugs, stuff like that.” 
“I never did drugs in the first place.” he said with a grin. 
“Yeah, there's one other thing though.” Her voice was heavy.
“What's that?” 
Her face sunk.
“You’re not able to see Lucy anymore. While they believe her, they don't want to give people the impression that they can get off scott-free for doing things like this. It was the only real requirement they made. I told them that I could make that work.”
“I CAN'T do that!  It would almost be like being stuck in a cell anyway.” Mike told her. 
“Look there is no changing their minds it's either this or your stuck in this cell, you tell me which it will be.” 
He thought it over.  Lucy was his life, or at least it felt that way. But home was a hell of a lot more comfortable then a cell.
“Fine.” he told her. “But I have to see her one last time. I want to tell her I love her, and to give her one last hug... would that be possible?”
“I'll ask.” It was one of the many times that his mom had come through. 
Mike closed his eyes and next he was at a memory that he would keep with him forever. It was the final time he saw Lucy. He opened his eyes and saw her there standing on his doorstep and he was in front of her with tears in his eyes. 
They were holding each other and he realized that he had already broken the bad news.
“But why didn't you let me take the blame too?” She asked. 
He smiled at her through the tears. “Because you didn't deserve to and that's that.” 
She started crying and they hugged and kissed again. She looked him in the eyes and the next thing she said was the start of a downward spiral that led him to being on top of the chair. 
“If I can't be with you, I don't want to be here. I have family in California who wants me to come out there. She said I could possibly get some acting work.” 
He smiled though it tore him up inside. “When do you leave?” 
“I'll leave in a couple of days. You've taken my heart and it will always be yours no matter what happens and how far apart we are. I hope you know that.”
“As mine does to you.” he told her as the tears stung his cheeks. 
She smiled than began to cry again. They had one last kiss before she left. Mike closed his eyes again and he felt the tears trickle out of his eyes as he did so. 
Next he was back in his room.  The phone rang in the distance. He walked out and grabbed it and ended up back in his room. “Lucy, God it's good to hear your voice, no they're not here, we can talk.”
And talk they did for the next two and half hours. Lucy told him how she had landed a huge gig on the set of a new TV. show that everyone had high hopes for. She asked him what was new with him, he couldn't think of anything and shortly thereafter their conversation ended with I love you and goodbye. 
Mike closed his eyes and it was over, he was in his own body. He reached down and felt the ankle bracelet, that hard plastic pressed against his ankle did nothing but piss him off. After looking through those memories he realized that Lucy was living a better life which meant that he had done something good. He placed the rope around his neck and mumbled the words “But the world would be a better place if I wasn't in it.” 
*****
He kicked the chair out from under him, and before he knew it he felt the rope tighten and his airway started closing. His vision was filled with blotches first, then finally all he saw was a white cloudlike area in front of him. 
“Where am I?” He looked around before hearing someone clear their throat. He spun around to see a man in a suit jacket and a bowler hat. 
“What in the world.” 
“Oh shame on me, I should introduce myself. My name is Howell. I've been sent here to show you the error of your ways.” 
Mike stared out in disbelief, this must be a dream, that or I've gone God knows where.
“What do you mean the error of my ways?” Mike said. “Last I knew, I was hanging. There's no fixing that I wouldn't think.” 
“Quite the contrary my naive friend. I have the power to do just about anything that I please.”
Mike put the pieces together, “So you mean that if I decided that it's smarter to live I can un-commit suicide?” 
Howell laughed which added to Mike's sense of going crazy. After all wasn't it said suicide victims went to hell.
“Usually yes,” Howell said. Mike jumped realizing the man had just invaded his head.
“How do you know what I'm thinking?” 
“Everything is in the open here.” Howell said with a smile. 
“So why didn't I get the same treatment as everyone else?”
Howell scratched his chin deep in thought. “They say that you still have a greater purpose to fulfill and that if you decide to end your own life then you won't be able to do that now will you?” 
Mike looked on. He couldn't believe any of this was happening. 
“Okay fine,” Mike said. “So, what do I have to do?” 
Howell beckoned his hand, “Come with me.” 
Mike stepped forward and took Howell's hand and they were immediately flying. He heard a sound and looked over to see Howell talking, he listened harder. 
“We'll go see your family first.” Howell said and in the next instant he landed on the concrete steps of what he knew of as his old house. Everything looked normal, his memory though faded as it was always told him that it was normal. 
“There are a few things you need to know, in this reality you never existed. We can walk through doors, through people, no one will ever know we're here. You'll notice there's a lot different here from what you came to remember.” Mike shook his head in understanding. 
“Just come in you'll see what I mean.” 
They walked through the door and stood on the doorstep. It was just like Mike remembered it, beautiful inside. There were oak floors. It was without a doubt the most beautiful house he had ever been in. They walked from the living room and to the kitchen. Mike covered his eyes, he didn't want to see what he was sure was sitting on the other side of the door. What he expected and what he saw couldn't be further apart, he felt astonished as he saw his mom and dad were smiling, laughing and happy. He felt tears, he wanted nothing more than to run and give them a hug, but he stopped himself.
He couldn't express how amazing it felt to see the smiles on their face. To feel the warmth that was their love. He didn't know where it had gone wrong, how it had all come unraveled. Then he wanted answers, good or bad. He wanted reasons for why it went wrong. He turned and saw Howell leaning against a coat rack with a smile on his face. 
“It's because your dad was unhappy with you. He didn't feel that you lived up to the standards that he sat for you and he started to lose it. It all resulted in the fights, the anger, and ultimately the death of your mom.” 
Mike looked down.  When he spoke his voice was full of shame. 
“So it was my fault that she's dead, and that he left. I was the cause of everything...” 
His voice tailed off and he couldn't breathe. He felt his chest lock up and his legs started to wobble. He stepped back and Howell caught him from the neck. He helped Mike adjust and get back to his feet.
“Not completely, your dad had anger issues he couldn't control. Mix that in with everything else and it makes a horrible ticking time-bomb that just itched to explode. I didn't bring you here to make you feel bad.” 
“Well you did a hell of a job at that one now didn't you?” Mike was angry but he was in a situation where anger would do him no good. Mike went to walk away. 
“Hold on, this is just the tip of what I have to show you. Had I done this last, I believe that the weight of the other visit we need to make would have been lost.” 
Mike looked up, “Other visit?”
“Did you think that your parents were the only lives that you had affected in some way, you've lost your mind.  We have another trip to make now come along.” Howell snapped his fingers and before he knew it Mike was in the air again he landed just as soft as the first time but this place he didn't recognize. 
He pondered it for a moment before turning his head back to Howell. “Where are we?” 
“We're at Lucy's house, in a world that doesn't have you in it.” 
“Why are we here?”  
Howell's smile faded and was replaced by a look of sadness that Mike had yet to see in this stranger. 
“What is it?” Mike asked. 
“Remember, you don't exist. That means that Lucy never met you which in turn means...” 
“That her father is still alive.” Mike finished.
“What you’re about to see is without a doubt the most disturbing thing I've ever had to show another human being, but I truly believe that it's for the best. Just remember this is in a world where you don't exist so don't try to help. It won't do anything but cause you more pain.” 
The outside of the house looked relatively peaceful but as Mike stepped through the door that image was shattered. The house was dim and furniture was misplaced, he could tell because of the odd angles. Lucy's father walked around the corner and Mike almost jumped but realization stopped it. The man walked around the house looking for something, when he couldn't find it he screamed.
“Lucy where the FUCK are you?” he called. 
At that moment another woman came around the corner. Though Mike had never actually seen her he could assume this was Lucy's mom. 
“Haven't you done enough?” she asked. 
He reached back and slapped her across the mouth then he put his face real close to hers. Mike strained but barely heard what the man said. “I'll decide when enough is enough, that bitch hasn't learned her lesson yet. She's going to though, you mark my words, she's going to.” He said. 
Mike felt the blood in his body begin to boil. It was a reaction that he couldn't help and it wasn't going away. Mike took two steps forward and felt a hand on his shoulder.
 Howell reached out to stop him. Their eyes met and he realized that the worst was yet to come. Whatever it was, he couldn't stand here to watch it.  
“Can we leave? I don't want to see anymore just tell me about it.” His voice was faint and it was as if there was no strength left in his legs and he collapsed. 
Howell snapped his fingers but they didn't leave. Mike looked around and now he saw Lucy on the floor the bottom half of her clothes were gone, her naked body exposed to the world, her shirt was ripped her hair was strewn everywhere. He saw her father getting back to his feet and pulling up his jeans. Mike lost what little control was left and went running right at the man. Before he realized it he had run not only through the man, but through the wall. Howell was at his side before he turned around. 
“Look it's not something I wanted to show you but I knew if you didn't see it you wouldn't believe it.” 
Mike fought back the tears as he screamed. “I BELIEVED HER, I DIDN'T NEED THAT PROOF!  WHAT KIND OF SICK GAME ARE YOU RUNNING!”
Howell's head dropped again. “That, wasn't what I wanted you to see, this was.” There was the finger snap again and this time they were right next to Lucy, Her father and mother both were gone and as Mike looked down for the first time he noticed how her head was at an odd angle. He leaned down to examine her and realized that her neck had been snapped and his beloved Lucy was dead. Now the tears had started to fall as Howell took them away. 
When Mike looked up again he noticed that they were once again in the white room. Mike could still feel the tears burning his cheeks as they fell. 
“You see, that's a dream. That's why I didn't want you to go running headlong into it, it wasn't like you could have done anything.” 
Mike looked at the man with tears, he wanted nothing more than to kill this man, let him take Lucy's place. How could he say that it was a dream, it had felt so real and He made sure that he was real when he first got here. That couldn't change now.
“Look Mike, This wasn't my choice. Quite frankly I've never had sympathy for people who go the route you did. But they decided that you were needed. Now get up, I'm tired of sitting in this empty room it's boring.”
Mike continued to stare at this man. Finally he spoke, he noticed that his voice had an edge to it that wasn't there this morning. 
“Howell, do you have any IDEA how I feel right now? I mean do you have a DAMN CLUE how this feels inside? Thanks to you I can't even see straight I'm so angry. WHAT ELSE, do you want to do to me?” he asked. 
Howell looked down again, Mike saw the sadness in his eyes and he felt horrible about screaming. Mike got up and walked over to Howell, took him by the shoulders and looked over his face. “I'm sorry man.  That just tore me up. I know it wasn't real but it just it hurt so badly. Now if I say that I don't want to make this decision anymore. What happens?” Mike asked.
“Simple. I just do this.” Howell raised his hand and snapped his fingers. 
Mike felt the air leave his chest again and everything went black. Before he knew it he felt the light flood back into his vision and as he looked around in the fuzz he saw his mom. He tried to raise his head but it was far too heavy. His mom saw his head move out of the corner of her eye. She got to her feet and was at his bedside. 
“Sweetheart are you okay?” She asked. 
“mhhhmhmh” was all he could manage. 
“It's okay sweetheart, just relax everything is okay now. Just relax and rest.” She said to him as she touched his forehead and kissed it. She sat back down at the bedside and Mike stared into the lights. 
He laid there for a moment realizing that his head was hurting horribly. He couldn't understand what had happened. In his memory he remembered kicking the chair over and hanging there for a moment. Then he had that vision where he met Howell. That part had seemed far too unreal he didn't know why but he knew it couldn't be. As he laid there and stared at the lights he couldn't believe that he was alive but he was. He felt his head start to lighten up but he didn't want to chance it so he laid there. He heard footsteps and felt another cool hand on his head. Mike opened his eyes and to his surprise Lucy peered down at him. 
“What the...” Mike mumbled hoarsely. 
“Shush,” she told him. “Don't ask me why or how but it happened. I was actually on the way back last night. My gut told me that I needed to be here for something but I didn't know why.” 
Mike nodded, it was just then that he realized that something this stupid would almost definitely mean that he would be put back in jail. After all his mom had not done the greatest job at keeping him from taking the high road. 
The esp connection between Mike and his mom kicked in. “Call it one last favor from your mom. In fact all the charges against you have been dropped.” 
“What?” Lucy spoke up. 
“Turns out there was more to your dad's past then we realized. 3 women including your mom are behind bars due to it. They all admit guilt after 7 other people came forward saying they were abused.” 
Lucy looked on the window but couldn't stop the tears in time. 
“Sweetheart you have family with us don't you worry about that.” 
“Thank you.” Lucy leaned in and hugged her then turned back to look at Mike. 
“I love you.” she said. 
He reached out and took her head and mumbled “I love you too.” 
That was when he passed out again. 
*****
When Mike came too he looked around, he saw Lucy in the chair on the right side of the room. His mom on the opposite side. He laid his head back and looked at the clock. It read 8 AM, how long had he been out? He closed his eyes just as there was a knock at the door.
“Come in.” His mom said.
The door squeaked open and Mike felt his mouth fall open before he could stop it. Standing in the doorway was none other than Howell.
“What!”
“Morning Mike, I hope you’re doing better today.” 
Mike could do nothing other than nod. Had it all been a dream, but it felt real. How did this man manage to show him a past that could have been so horrible it was unthinkable in a lot of ways.
“That's good. Just thought I'd come by and get some vitals and do some checking. If you'll excuse us ladies.” 
His mom and Lucy got up and walked out of the room closing the door behind them. Howell walked over and leaned down on the bed railing looking at Mike. It seemed like an eternity before he spoke. 
“I hope you've learned your lesson kid. People need you, it just took you being completely stupid to actually learn that.” 
“How in the world are you here? You’re an angel… or something of that sort right?” 
Howell laughed. 
“Kind of,” he said. “Guidance adviser is a better title. I go where I'm needed then show people how they have changed the world.” 
 A noise went off and Howell reached backward. 
“Looks like that's my cue. Take care kid and don't do anything else stupid got it?” 
Howell smiled and like that he was gone. A few minutes passed and Mike laid in silence. He heard the ticking of the clock, a sound of birds in the background. For the first time in his life he stared at the sunshine and realized that it was good to be alive. The door reopened and he saw Lucy's face. It was then that he realized that not only was it good to be alive. It was a great day to be Mike. 

More Than Memories

The wind has picked up,
I can feel the air to my back as I press the sands between my toes, 
The water, 
Laps calmly against the shore, 
But this serenity, 
Hasn't always been here, 
Hasn't always kept me safe, 
Those waves, 
And that wind, 
At one point was the point of no return, 
And they were determined to take me,
To places I never wanted to go, 
But I managed to find the resolve, 
And I'm proud,
In a twisted way, 
That I could turn around and make such a person, 
Come out of me, 
But isn't that what they always say, 
That when your back is against the wall, 
That your body will turn in on itself, 
And do what needs to be done, 
I believe that now, 
But as I look into the stars, 
And the full moon overhead, 
And as that warm wind presses faster to my back, 
I remember those times, 
It's something that happens every so often, 
It's like yesterday continues to haunt me...

Life has a funny way of dealing us cards, 
We decide the ones we will play, 
And the ones we hold, 
She was that card that I wanted to hold, 
No matter the cost, 
I wanted to hold on for life, 
She was like nothing you'd ever seen, 
Brown hair, 
Neon green eyes, 
Skin so soft, 
And everything about her was perfect, 
Her smile warmed everything around her, 
And to top it off, 
She loved me. 
I'll never understand why, 
But do we ever, 
Either way, 
She picked me, 
And life was great, 
If only for a while, 

She had no way of knowing, 
It's something that I tell myself, 
If I didn't,
Then I would go insane, 
Which may be the best alternative, 
Then again, 
Maybe not, 
And in reality I'm going crazy,
Just thinking about it makes my head spin, 
Let me sit down here, 
It's crazy, 
Talking to myself like this, 
But this too, 
Is something that I continue to do a lot more lately, 
But it's not like anyone can hear me, 
Except for myself, 
And the other half of me that I'm sure is starting to develop, 
What's new? 
(Oh nothing, and you?)
Same Shit, 
Different Day, 
Oh damn it,
There I go again, 
I've really got to stop that, 
But without my rock, 
There's just a hard place, 

She had no way of knowing, 
At least not until it was too late, 
I was a bad man, 
But the end result, 
Was a lot more to do with the lies, 
Then the problems that I seemed to have forced upon us, 
By my own stupid decisions, 
If I had to guess,
I can remember that conversation like it was yesterday, 
Or is that a conversation that I had with myself yesterday? 
No I think I was right the first time, 
I remember her knocking on my door when the letter ended up in the mailbox, 
“What the hell does this mean?” She threw the letter at me. 
It had been written in my handwriting, 
But not to her, 
Or for her, 
Or even about her, 
Yet in her hand she held it, 
And on that paper, 
Read the simple words, 
You are next,
She knew it was my handwriting, 
That's something I wish I could tell her now, 
But she's gone, 
(Or is she?) 
Yes, 
(Or No)
These damn arguments have to stop, 
Where was the thought, 
Oh yes, 
That was something I wished I could tell her, 
It blew me away how clearly she could see things, 
But alas, 
She is gone, 
Gone forever, 

The moon has risen further overhead, 
This night will never seem to end, 
But then again, 
This beach has become my own personal hell, 
The waves lap against the shoreline, 
And ask to be touched, 
But swimming isn't on my agenda, 
Not tonight at least, 
Tonight I have a stop to make, 
And a friend to see, 
That friend will help set me free, 
They are my guidance, 
And tonight I am seeking the ultimate salvation, 

Days had passed since she had received that note, 
I thought over my options, 
And realized that she was in danger, 
Because of me,
Not the most admirable thing I will ever say, 
Yet I could say it with honesty, 
And that's the only way I would say it, 
Because had it not been for me, 
I'm sure things would have been different, 
No matter though, 
One thing was for sure, 
I had to tell her my situation, 
(Our situation) 
There is no our
(There is when you think about it) 
Which isn't that often, 
(Which is every day) 
GET OUT OF MY HEAD!
Where was I again, 
Oh yes, 
I had to tell her, 
She was in danger, 
Because I knew bad men, 
Quite a few of them, 
And they were after me, 
Because things had went south, 
In more than one way, 
They wanted me gone, 
And given their previous credits, 
I knew they would do anything, 
To make it happen,
It's what happens when you make debts, 
Debts to bad men, 
Drugs had taken it all, 
And thrown it away, 
But I wasn't a bad man, 
(You already said you were) 
But I'm not, 
Money had went missing, 
I didn't steal it, 
But that didn't make them believe me, 
They took it easy though, 
Letting me live, 
Binding me to pay back all that went missing, 
It was a huge task, 
(One she wasn't ready for,) 
Don't you think I know that?
(I'd assume not, look where it got you) 
I'm where I'm supposed to be, 
(Let the Bullshit begin) 
Fuck you, 
She wasn't ready, 
But she had to know, 
I dropped this bombshell on her, 
And yet she stayed, 
It was in that instance that I knew I was loved, 
But in my own head it was something different, 
(Hatred, anger) 
She kissed me softly, 
And told me she loved me, 
And we would face this together,
If only that could have been the true, 

It's not much further now, 
The beach, 
And those waters, 
Are calling my name, 
But I won't answer, 
I can't answer, 
Not because I don't want to, 
But because I have other places to be, 
This has been a night in the making for some time now, 
And I am glad that I am a part of it, 
She would have wanted it, 
(Given the circumstances are you sure?)
Of course I am,
(But can't you be wrong, can't we all be wrong in some way) 
I didn't ask you, 
(But as it turns out you did, 
Regardless of if you want to believe it or not)
Why do I have to accompany myself on this journey? 
I wanted to leave the worse half of me at home,
But I couldn't do that, 
(Of course you couldn't)
That voice seems to get deeper and deeper with every word,
It can't be my imagination, 
(Or could it be exactly that)
The water keeps calling out to me so sweetly, 
I don't know how much longer I can resist, 
But the journey is almost over, 
I will be there soon, 

Weeks passed for us, 
And everything seemed to be wonderful, 
The world was spinning, 
And we were in love, 
It's something that I had never really planned on, 
But it happened, 
And that's one thing, 
I would never change, 
The days ticked happily, 
Fall to Winter, 
Winter to Spring, 
Spring to Summer, 
And back around again, 
I worked hard to repay my bad debts,
But it seemed I could never get ahead, 
And all the while she was supportive, 
I wanted her to go away, 
In case things had changed, 
But as it turns out she had other plans,
She wanted to go nowhere, 
And nothing I could say was going to change that, 
I worked, 
And worked, 
Then suddenly one day, 
She was gone, 
No phone calls, 
No messages, 
No way to know where she went, 
3 days of uncertainty passed me, 
Then another letter came, 
This time in her handwriting, 
I only knew because of the hearts on either end, 
Of the note which read, 
Paid In Full, 
I couldn't help myself, 
I collapsed, 
And cried, 
What could they have done with her, 
To her, 
I couldn't be sure, 
But one way or another I intended to find out, 

The sand is warm on my pants, 
Then again why wouldn't it be, 
Isn't it always warm this time of year, 
I looked at the sky again, 
The moon was over three-quarters of its journey through the sky, 
My journey was also almost to a close, 
And I would soon find what I was after, 
So I kept walking, 
The water still called me 
Soon enough,
(Or not soon enough depending on what your thoughts are)
My thoughts are corroded by something I don't understand
(You don't understand me because I don't want you to)
But I don't need you, 
(Quite the contrary, 
If it weren't for me, 
You'd never be out here) 
This is true, 
But does that mean it's a good thing, 
(You seem to think so) 
So I walked a little further, 
Then the glimmer caught my eye, 
I was almost there, 
And soon it would all be over, 
Soon enough I told the water once more, 
And walked on, 

Weeks passed, 
The beach became my home, 
It helped me keep my mind clear, 
And remain optimistic, 
And in a way I was pulled there, 
By something I couldn't see,
But I still went, 
I tried,
And continued to hope, 
Until finally, 
They found what had called me, 
On a hot sunny afternoon, 
I sat on the beach, 
And something made me start walking, 
I don't know how far I went, 
Before I realized there were people on the beach, 
I walked up and joined the crowd, 
I walked through the crowd to the front,
And that's when all went black, 

I hit my knees, 
And stuck my hand out, 
The stone was cold under my fingers, 
I traced out her name, 
And the dates, 
And that blackout comes rushing back, 
All the images come back, 
I see her body, 
Being dug out of the sand, 
From over four feet down, 
Her chest was caved in, 
From pressure,
I don't know how this is here, 
(I do)
But it's there, 
All those images, 
I knew it was a mistake then, 
And now as I remember everything, 
I know that things should have went differently, 
But there's only the present, 
And how I want to fix this, 
I rubbed the stone, 
And looked into the ocean, 
(It's time)
Stop pushing me into things, 
(You are only tempting yourself)
Stop playing games, 
(Games are nothing to me, 
You came here with a purpose, 
Now fulfill it,)
I pulled the gun from my pocket, 
The world would be better now, 
She's gone, 
And now, 
I placed the gun in my mouth, 
I would be too,
(And you can play in the water) 
The water always was calling my name. 


The Lonely Road

He gets up slowly, 
Looking around at the damage, 
And the destruction,
He has found himself in the middle of, 
He puts his hand to his head, 
He feels the pool of blood just beneath the scalp, 
And the shooting pain, 
As he touches it, 
What the hell happened here? 
He asked himself, 
He goes to step and feels the pain shoot through his leg, 
Son of a Bitch that hurt
He looks down, 
His leg is busted, 
But not broken, 
He hobbles slowly, 
Hearing the Glass crumble under his feet, 
Thinking back through his day

Hey honey I have to head downtown, 
He told his wife, 
She looked at him from around the corner, 
And nodded, 
He grabbed his keys, 
And walked out the front door, 
He looked up and saw the black car across the street, 
The same one that had been there for the last three days, 
He assumed new neighbors, 
They would introduce themselves tomorrow, 
It was a good idea, 
A friendly gesture, 
A way to welcome them to the neighborhood, 
He got in his car and turned the key to fire it up, 
He headed downtown, 
No particular destination, 
No particular purpose, 
Other than to go for a nice drive, 

His leg screamed in pain, 
But he hadn't made it far, 
He reached into his pocket, 
His cell phone was there, 
But it was busted, 
No phone calls for him, 
He kept walking, 
Slower, 
With the pain flared up, 
How the hell had he gotten here, 
In fact the actual question should have been, 
Where the hell was he, 
He looked up as he walked, 
And with an answer to his prayers, 
He sees a street sign up ahead, 
As he stumbles toward it he thinks back, 
To his supposed nice drive,

He had just went in to get some beer, 
He didn't plan on being gone all that long, 
He walked in,
Picked up his 24 pack, 
Threw down the money, 
And left, 
But something was different, 
He knew that as he watched the memory unfold in his own head, 
He hadn't quite made it back to his car,
When he had felt a gun to his back, 
And a whisper in his ear, 
“You’re gonna drive, and you’re gonna go, 
Until I tell you otherwise, 
You understand?” 
He nodded, 
And slid into the driver's seat, 
In the passenger side, 
A man slid in, 
Big as a house, 
His breath, 
Smelt of booze, 
Even from there, 
He started the car, 
And began to drive, 
“Where we headed?” 
The man just nodded, 
“Follow directions.” 

The cold air pressed hard against his back, 
His leg made it more difficult to walk than ever, 
He was beginning to rethink,
If it were broken, 
He still couldn't remember,
How he got to where he is, 
He slowly approached the street sign, 
Hills Creek it read,
Holy Shit He thinks, 
That's almost 2 hours from where I live, 
How in the HELL did that happen, 
He keeps walking, 
There's got to be somewhere to find help, 
So he keeps walking, 
And racking his brain, 
Even though the torn scalp, 
Begs to be left alone, 

He's driving, 
Down an open main highway, 
The sun is slowly sinking back behind the clouds, 
It feels like he's been driving for hours, 
But he knows better, 
It's just the hell of not knowing where he's going, 
Or why,
“Take this exit, then a left” 
He keeps driving,
Rolling, 
And before he realizes it, 
The sun has gone down, 
And the city traffic, 
That at once was all around him, 
Has completely disappeared,
In his head, 
He knows what comes next, 
In those movies, 
And books he's read and seen, 
And if this man is anything like those, 
Then he'll be dead by sunrise, 
His heart begins to beat faster, 
His palms start sweating, 
His eyes start darting around, 
The dark is all around him,
He knows time is short, 
He decides if he's going to go, 
He's going to take this man out with him, 
The road runs out of town, 
He speeds up, 
And turns as fast as possible, 
The car begins to flip, 
Over and over, 
And over again, 
Then the car comes to a stop
And his vision blacks out, 

He keeps walking, 
He feels like he can't keep going, 
And just then lights appear in his view, 
He flags the car down, 
Thanks God!
He thinks, 
The car stops and he climbs inside, 
He doesn't even open his mouth, 
Before the driver starts talking, 
“We're pretty sure you've cost us a valuable man, 
So we're taking your life in exchange,” 
Before he can think, 
He hears the gun click, 
And the explosion, 
Before his vision is blacked out again, 
For a final time 


A Night In Paradise


The day you told me no, 
I broke on the inside, 
Fell apart like a broke record, 
With only one side, 
That plays,
I crawled into my shell, 
And crashed, 
Thankful to be alone, 
Because for the first time in my life, 
I was broken, 
My heart beaten and bruised, 
I opened the door, 
And for whatever reason, 
It wasn't good enough, 
I did everything I could, 
To make you want me, 
And thought that, 
Somehow, 
I had done this right, 
But I missed something, 
Something crucial, 
Because, 
Suddenly, 
I'm alone, 
Sitting here, 
In this darkened room, 
With the music around me, 
Wishing I had nothing more, 
Then you in my arms right now, 
Wanting nothing more, 
Then to just feel you,
I wanted nothing more, 
And that got taken away from me, 
I was scared, 
Afraid, 
That it would happen, 
But you told me no, 
You told me that you were going to be here, 
Tonight, 
In my arms, 
I would finally be able to actually tell you, 
That I loved you, 
In person, 
Face to face, 
Feel your lips press mine, 
The electricity, 
That I know exist, 
Flows freely between us, 
After missing the first opportunity, 
To hold you, 
I vowed, 
I'd never miss another one, 
Never miss another chance, 
To have an angel in my arms, 
Greatness, 
I can only imagine,  
The stars above us, 
Calling out, 
In a twinkling wonderland, 
I can see that picture, 
So perfectly in my eyes, 
I can hear your heart, 
Matching rhythm with your breath, 
Even and calm, 
Wow the pictures, 
Sing out like a portrait, 
From the Sistine chapel,  
Beautiful as the skies around us, 
The cold air nips you, 
As you cuddle closer to me, 
Laying your head on my neck, 
This just, 
Doesn't seem real, 
Too good to be true, 
I look down, 
Into your eyes, 
And I get lost instantly, 
Feeling myself being pulled forward, 
By something, 
That I can't see, 
And my lips meet yours, 
And your eyes light up, 
And you snuggle closer, 
I wrap one arm around you, 
To keep you warm under the blanket, 
I lean in and whisper, 
Aren't they beautiful? 
And I see the smile spread, 
Across your face, 
And I ask, 
Are you happy tonight? 
And I feel you shiver, 
You lean back, 
Happier then I would have thought possible, 
And I can't believe it, 
How did I do this, 
Manage to snag, 
An angel from the skies above, 
I roll over, 
And wrap you in my arms, 
I feel you slowly, 
Drifting to sleep, 
As we rock back and forth in the swing, 
I whisper I love you, 
And you slowly kiss my cheek, 
As you fall asleep, 
An end to a night, 
That I'll never forget, 
If it were my only night, 
In paradise, 
The memories, 
Would last me a lifetime...

In Satan We Trust


The sand swirled around his head and trapped him as he fought for air. It seemed like he had walked miles trying to run, only to fall face first into sand. He looked up to realize there was no end to the dessert in sight and he started to ask himself, How in the hell did I get here. To have everything, and now I'm running for my life? How the mighty have fallen. He tried to get back to his feet but laughter froze him in his tracks. 
“Robert, don't keep running. This is a mindless game that you don't want to play. It's almost like you’re gambling with your life, but haven't you gambled enough already?” The deep voice seemed to echo behind Robert, but he knew that was his imagination, the voice had nothing to echo off of.
“Shut the fuck up, you don't know anything about me. I've made mistakes and this was one of them but you don't know what goes on in my head, or why I did the things I did!” Robert tried to yell but his voice was horse from the abuse of the sand. 
“You’re right and wrong,” The voice said. “I know plenty about you and what you've done. What I don't know is why you did it, though I never try to understand why they do it, but it's a win-win for me. Either way I don't really care. What I care about is claiming what's rightfully mine.”
Robert tried to get back up but he fell again, than he felt the pressure of a foot being pushed on the back of his head forcing his face deeper in the sand. He had almost ran out of air when the foot came off his head and he could breathe again. He gasped as a sharp kick to the side of his ribs turned him over.
“Now, I won't ask you again. Give me what I came for. I'm tired of playing cat and mouse with you.”
“Go to hell you son of a...” Roberts' words were cut off as the foot was placed on his throat pressing the air out of him again. 
“Not without my prize I won’t.” The voice told him.

****

“Honey, Where are you?” Robert called out as he ran into the house. “Come quick where are you I have great news.” 
Trish came around the corner drying her hands on a towel. Her brown hair flowing behind her. “What's going on?” 
“They did it. They approved the loan. I signed all the papers and everything will be final as of this week. They said we could likely start building within a month!” 
Trish screamed, ran over to Rob and threw her arms around him. 
“This is what you've always wanted to do. They said you never could. Baby I'm so proud of you. I can just see you now Owner of your own publishing company helping to make great books.” 
 It was a dream Rob had since he was 18 after his first novel was rejected. He knew that he was good enough and eventually proved it when had won 3 different awards for his writings. 
It was then the wheels started turning. He had the money and wanted to achieve another dream, at 35 he realized he had finally made that happen. 
The next week passed in a haze. From signing papers, to meeting with contractors Robert seemed like a man on a mission, and that's exactly how he felt. Sleeping only 4 hours a night he was exhausted but knew what needed to be done. 
The following Monday groundbreaking began. Every day for eight months Robert would watch the plans he had drawn go up slowly while staring at the sign Future home of Viper Publications, Publishing the authors of Tomorrow, Today, Everything was on schedule until the final month of building. 
 Tommy, Rob's hired foreman came running over to him screaming.  “Rob, ROB! Billy fell off the top of the roof.” Tommy flew into the office and skidded to a stop. “They've called for an ambulance already. No one knows what happened.” 
Rob ran out of the office to the side of the building and through the crowd of people where he saw Billy lying on the ground. The top half of his body looked fine his lower half on the other hand was twisted and mangled almost like he had jumped from the building feet first. As he arrived one of the workers started talking to him. 
“He fell from up there,” they said as they pointed up to the top of the two story building. “He looked like he jumped.”
Rob leaned down next to Billy. “What happened to you man?”
Billy's voice came out soft and weak, just barely loud enough to be heard. “I lost my footing. At least I think that's what happened, I saw something before I fell... It was like a smile, a real evil smile...” Billy closed his eyes and took one last breath as the EMT's arrived on the scene. Rob took off  and went to his office to clear his head. 

****

Rob watched out the window as the ambulance pulled away. He turned his attention away from the window as there was a knock on the door. 
“Come In.” 
Tommy was looking down as he walked in and took a seat. Rob understood his pain, after all they had been working together on this project most of the last year. This entire crew had grown to be like family to Rob. 
“Everything all right?” Rob asked. 
He continued to sit in silence.  Rob leaned back in his chair and waited. He wasn't sure how long it would take but he knew soon enough that Tommy would break.
“Look Rob, everyone is worried. People heard the last thing Billy said and now everyone is thinking that this had become an unsafe working environment, that there's something here preventing you from moving forward.” 
“So you’re telling me, that one accident and the entire crew is ready to tuck tail and run? Just like that? Isn't that something they sign up for, watch your step and be very cautious, things of that nature?  You hear it all the time someone gets hurt at a construction site. It's part of the risk. But none of them decide to leave. What makes that situation different from this one?” 
Tommy was staring straight ahead. The look on his face screamed anger, but to Rob's surprise he never raised his voice. 
“What sets this apart is that Billy saw something on the roof. I'm not superstitious by any means but what if it's true?” At this point Tommy got up and began to pace around the office. “You haven't done anything to piss off God or what not have you?” 
“What the hell are you talking about?” 
Tommy came to a stop and peered down at the desk. 
“I've just heard of situations where someone pisses off God and the next thing you know people are dying around them left and right.” 
“That's just plain bullshit, you really want me to believe that God want me to stop my company because I pissed him off? Get Real.”
“But what if it's possible, there have been stranger things happen that we can't explain.”
Rob shot to his feet and slammed his hands down on the desk. “I'm tired of hearing about the supernatural force bullshit, that's all it is, bullshit. I'm beginning to wonder if you didn't hit your head Tom.” 
The words were out before Rob could stop them and Tommy was already halfway out the door before he realized it. Rob went out after him but Tommy stopped in his tracks. 
“You sorry son of a bitch. A man just died while trying to work on YOUR dream and you don't even seem to have the slightest bit of sympathy. What the hell is wrong with you?” 
“Look Tom I didn't mean anything by it, you know that, it just kind of came out in the heat of the moment.” 
“Save it, we're out of here.” 
“You can't do that to me. I paid you to do a job and if you leave I'll make sure that you pay every damn bit back!”
“Try it,” Tommy yelled. “I bet the court would love to hear how a man died working for you and you didn't so much as want to say you were sorry.”
Rob stood there as he watched Tommy walk away before walking back into the trailer and slamming the door. “Who the hell does he think he is?” He began shouting at the empty room. Rob watched out the window as Tommy made good on his promise. “I don't need the little son of a bitch anyway. I'll hire new people to take on the job. With the economy like it is. The amount I'm willing to pay fools would be the only ones to turn this job down.” 
Rob had reassured himself as he left the trailer and loaded up to head home.

****

“Anything yet?” Trish asked as she leaned in over Rob's shoulders. 
“Nope.” His voice was dry and frustrated. 
It had been almost a month since Rob had put the ad looking for workers on the Internet, in the paper, and even on the radio but so far no one had seemed the least bit interested in his job offer. 
“If things don't change soon what do you plan to do?” 
Rob continued to stare at his computer screen as he scrolled down the page. Trish had been very understanding through the whole process, even when he had come home and told her he was without a crew. She had understood and never once got upset. She was more wonderful then he deserved. 
“I don't know, I'll shut down but I don't know past that.” 
Rob got up as the phone rang. He walked over to the cradle and picked it up. 
“Hello.” 
“Hey dad, what's going on?” 
“Not much Austin how are you?” 
“I'm alright. Hey I just wanted to let you know that I'm going to be coming home in about a month or so, probably a week or so after school lets out. I've got a place lined up and a job so you won't have to worry about rearranging my old room.” 
Rob laughed a little. “It would have been fine if we would have had to. What kind of place is it?”
“A month to month so there's no real commitments so when I go back next year I can just up and leave.” 
“I always knew you had a head on your shoulders.”
“I learned from the best dad.” 
“Alright Kiddo, I'll see you when you get in. Love ya son.” 
“Love you too dad.” 
Rob hung up the phone. He hadn't realized it but there was a tear in his eye. It always seemed that Austin could cheer him up even in the most down times. He walked into the room and told Trish about Austin, she couldn't contain her excitement. When she finally calmed down Rob spoke up again. 
 “I'm going to go for a walk sweetheart. Try and clear my head the rest of the way. I'll be back in a while.”
She gave him a kiss and he went out the front door. Rob thought about walking around his neighborhood before realizing that a change of scenery might do him some good. He got in his car and drove to the park just past his construction site. He got out and started walking toward the path that sat in the middle. 
He had made it around the two mile track two maybe three times he had lost count before realizing that the sun was setting. He walked to the edge of the track where he met more of the skyline and watched as the sun started to fade. He waited for another five minutes and then turned around. He had taken just three steps when he heard something calling him from over by the bathrooms. 
“Hey mister,” the voice said. Rob looked around but could see no one else so he started to walk toward the sound. “Hey mister,” The voice called again. 
Rob rounded the corner and saw a man on the ground in the Indian sitting position. His clothes were tethered and worn and he stank worse than anything Rob had ever smelt before in his life. 
“Hey mister,” he said. “got a dime to spare.” There was gruffness in his voice that Rob found welcoming.   
“As a matter of fact I do, it's my last one. You can take it because it doesn't look like I'll be getting anymore anytime soon anyway.”
“Now why's that?” 
“A company that I haven't even begun to start is already falling apart. All because someone thought they saw things at the top of a roof and people began to get scared that the site was haunted. I know better mind you, but everything has fallen apart.” 
“What kind of company was it?” 
Rob laughed, not so much at the man but more at himself. “It's a little nuts, it was a publishing company. It's something I had wanted to do for years then I finally got the money.” 
“Publishing? Like books and what not?” 
Rob laughed again in his stomach he felt better than he had in a long time but he had no idea why. “Books, Magazines, It was going to be a huge deal. I had backers but it's likely they'll leave soon if I don't find a solution.” 
“Let me ask you something Rob. How much does this mean to you?” 
The happy feeling in his stomach dropped, inside it almost made him feel sick. “How did you know my name?” 
“Never mind that.  How much does it mean to you?” 
“Everything,” he said. 
“How much are you willing to put into it?” 
Rob thought this one out for a moment before responding. “Everything” he finally said. 
“You’re completely sure about that. You'd risk it all to see yourself sitting at the top?” 
“In a heartbeat,”  he said without hesitation. 
“Let me give you a piece of advice. If you put your heart and soul into everything you do, and you want it bad enough, you can never go wrong.” 
Rob nodded.  He had never heard a homeless man be so optimistic.
“Thanks Sir.” 
 “My pleasure.” The man smiled at Rob as he walked away. That smile pushed his stomach over the edge and once he was out of sight Rob took the chance and threw up.

****

Welcome Home, we've been waiting for you. The voice was distant but clear enough.
Who is that? What are you talking about? He called back. He took a step forward and almost fell. He looked down and saw that the floor had melted into what looked like a lava pit. 
He's been waiting for you. We all have, we're glad you’re here now. The puzzle is complete and the world is safe or at least safer than it was. You've made a huge difference and I don't even think you know how. 
Rob took two steps to the left as more of the floor caved in. He took a step to the right with the same result. 
What the hell is going on here? Rob waited for an answer that never came. I asked you a damn question, what's going on here? 
There was laughter from nowhere before the voice spoke again. I told you welcome home. This is where you belong don't you realize where it is that you belong?
Nothing about this place looked familiar and for the first time in a long time he felt scared. He had nowhere to run and had no idea what was going on. Something was out to get him, and he had no escape. He turned to run only to be met by more cave-ins. 
You don't listen do you? This is your home now. No more running away, no more games. This is where you belong. Get used to it. 
Why? What the hell did I do?  
There was more cynical laughter from nowhere, only this time it was deeper. The demonic laugh sent a chill through Rob. Then it spoke again. 
You’re here because I want you here. Because your wishes have been granted and life has taken the turns you wanted. 
Rob heard footsteps and looked up, he saw the silhouette of a man he recognized but couldn't remember where. Before he could get a full grip on what was going on the floor gave out from under him, and everything went black...

****

“Sweetheart wake up.  You’re having a bad dream. Stop throwing your arms around and wake up already.” Rob realized it was Trish that was shaking him. 
“Oh my God!” His breath seemed to somehow escape his lungs and refused to come back. He put a fist to his chest and held it there as if trying to prevent his heart from escaping. 
“What's going on?” He asked. 
Trish realized he was done throwing himself around and decided it was okay. “You were having a bad dream. You were screaming, hell you almost hit me. Are you okay?” 
He still didn't have his breath but his heart rate had calmed down. “Yeah I think I'm fine. Was I saying anything in particular?” 
“Yes, you were screaming don't let the floor cave in. Right before I woke you I'm pretty sure you called someone an S.O.B but I'm not real sure on that last one.” 
Rob nodded. The dream had seemed so lifelike that he could still feel the flames from the floor on his face. He racked his brain trying to remember details as they started to escape. Why had he been dreaming that? 
“Sweetheart go back to bed.” Trish's voice cut through his thoughts like a knife and brought him back to reality.
He looked at her, nodded, and then lay back down. He drifted uneasily back to sleep. 

****

The next morning a doorbell jarred Rob out of his sleep. He rolled over and looked at the clock realizing it was still dark outside. What the Hell is someone doing here at six in the morning? Rob climbed out of bed and staggered up to the front door. He unlocked the bolt and was almost knocked backward when he saw what was on the other side. 
“How you doing Rob?” Tommy said. 
“Why the hell are you here?” 
“I get it, you have reason to still be upset, but hear me out. We realized that your project was one that we started and we want to finish it.” 
Rob looked out past Tommy and noticed the entire old crew was standing in his yard. He was speechless until Tommy jarred him again. 
“What do you say?” Tommy asked as he stuck out his hand. Rob stared at his yard full of workers then down to Tommy’s outstretched hand. “I say let bygones be bygones.” He shook Tom's hand. “I'll get dressed and we can get to work.” 
“Sounds good we'll see you down there.” 
Rob stepped back into the house and closed the door. He couldn't see himself but he could feel the excitement running through him. He ran back upstairs and woke up Trish. 
“Baby wake up. Wake up.” 
“What... what time is it? What's going on?” 
“Tommy's back on board, him and his whole crew. They're all on board and heading down to the site right now.” 
“That's wonderful, but why the sudden change?” 
Rob thought about it, “I don't know but I guess the man I met yesterday was right, if you want it bad enough you can never go wrong.” 

****

The boys got up and busy and before Rob knew it the building was done. Everything had been finished only a week behind schedule despite the nearly month layoff. He was more than pleased with the work they had done and how well things have turned out. On the very last day of construction he pulled Tommy aside from the others. 
“Hey Tom, I can't thank you enough for all the work you've done for me in the last few weeks. You kicked it into overdrive and got things done faster than I ever thought possible.” 
“Well, we kind of owed you for walking out when you needed us so this was our way of making up for it the best we could.” 
“Thanks again, now not that I'm complaining but why the change of heart?”
Tommy's face spoke volumes then. He looked scared but thrilled. It confused Rob more than anything.
“It was like something spoke to me. I was sitting in bed and something just whispered to me, they told me that I had done wrong by walking out like I did. I know it's crazy but that's the god honest truth.” 
Rob stared at him for a moment, The entire crew that Rob had grown to know in the last few weeks were different, it was something subtle but it was still there. 
“Whatever the reason man you came through for me when I needed you and you did a hell of a job at it. I can't say thank you enough.” 
“It was our pleasure.” Tom told him as he stuck out his hand, Rob shook it without a second thought.
“It's been great doing business with you.” Rob told him with a smile. Tommy returned the gesture and it Rob like a ton of bricks. The subtle differences, the sudden return, the hard work they had put in, were all present in Tommy's eyes which were a blood read that He'd never noticed before. 

****

The weekend passed and on Monday Rob reported in bright and early. He had been running ads since construction had begun again, He'd gotten letters that he intended to address. He had far more mail then he had expected. He had managed to make it through quite a few letters before he went out to lunch. When he walked into the street he ran into a man who was backing away from something. 
“Sorry man, didn't see you there.” 
The man looked up and saw Rob. He screamed and then began running back in the direction he came. Rob watched after the man for a moment, once he was 100 feet away from Rob, he turned around. 
“IT'S THE DEVIL!” He yelled. “THE DAMN DEVIL” he finished before running further away. 
What was that about? He thought as he watched the man disappear around the corner. Rob kept walking down the street toward the nearest coffee shop as he ran into another person who was looking down. 
“Sorry about that.” He said. The person looked up at him, before he could say anything else the boy's face turned ghost white. He took a couple steps back before Rob spoke again. 
“What's wrong son.” The boy began backpedaling faster and faster, as he went Rob could hear him shouting “He's back. He's back The Devil has returned.” 
Rob looked after him perplexed. What was with people today, it seemed everyone was on some sort of drug and no one offered him a damn bit. He passed a window and caught his reflection out of the corner of his eyes. He turned to face the window and his mouth dropped. He stood speechless for a moment. He walked forward to make sure he was seeing what he thought he was seeing. 
“What is that?” He asked himself as he reached up and touched his face. To him it felt warmer than normal but other than that all seemed fine, but the face he saw in this window was anything but normal. His head was still round, but his eyes were bright red. Almost like Tommy's he thought. His face was also a blood shade of red. There were black markings all over it. His mouth was almost non-existent and his ears were pointed in a small elf fashion. As Rob looked closer he could see the scales on his face. 
What the hell is going on? He thought. He stepped back and the figure in the window stepped back with him. To the left, then to the right, the window monster did the dance step for step with him. He turned and ran to a nearby hot dog stand. He ran up to the man who looked at him and smiled. 
“How can I help you today sir?” 
“You’re not repulsed by me, I don't look like the devil?” 
The man behind the cart laughed at him.
“Sir, I've seen a lot of ugly people who have ordered hot dogs, and I've seen people I'm pretty sure were possessed by the devil, but I can rest assured that I don't think you fit either of these descriptions. That's my opinion though, you may think differently.”
“Do you have a mirror?” Rob asked him. 
The man laughed again. “As a matter of fact, I don't. But I'm sure you can find one somewhere around here.” 
Rob nodded and then walked on. He began to come back the direction he came. When he passed the clear windows he looked at his reflection again. This time the man staring back at him was the one he had grown to know. Complete with all the scars he had from childhood. It was those scars comforted Rob the most. 
He made it back to his office and sat down. He felt drained and confused. He realized he was in charge of his schedule so he checked a few more letters then went home for the day. 

****

The next week passed with no more incidents. He had accepted 3 manuscripts and passed on another handful. It was going great until he came home one afternoon for lunch to discover that Trish was gone. He walked through the house calling her name, and searching everywhere before finding a yellow note on the TV.

Dad, 

I made it home earlier today and found mom passed out on the floor.   So I called the ambulance, when they got here I tried to call your office and when you didn't answer I wanted to leave this. We're down at the hospital. We'll see you when you get there. 

Love, 
Austin. 

Rob put the note down and ran out of the house and into his car, and sped off toward the hospital. He pulled onto the exit ramp he sped up only to find a traffic jam waiting for him about a mile down. The two hours on the highway seemed to drag on forever.  He finally got to the exit for the hospital as the sun had started to set. 
He ran into the ER and asked for Trish's room. A nurse pointed him in the right direction. When he made it in he found Austin at her side, he walked over and gave his son a hug. 
“What do they know?” 
The fear had crept in while he sat in traffic, now in the hospital things weren't any better. Austin's grim face did nothing to keep it at bay.
“It isn't good. The doctor's say that she has stage four lung cancer.  They don't think she has long left.” 
Rob stared in disbelief. 
“How? She was perfectly fine yesterday. The last time we went to the doctor they gave her a full check-up and a clean bill of health, and that was only a month ago. There's no way that she could have cancer set on this fast and this hard and we'd never know.”
Austin nodded. “The doctor said that it's the worst case he's ever seen, and he has no explanation of how or why it came on so fast. He just knows it's bad and sadly there's no way to even slow it down. He says there may be a week left if we're lucky.”
Rob hit his knees at Trish's side. “I'm so sorry sweetheart. I wish I could help take away your pain.”
Her voice came out barely above a croak. “It's okay baby. You didn't cause this. When he wants us to come home he takes us. I'm ready to go when he calls.” 
“No, don't you say that. You better fight this. Fight it with everything you have. You have to stay with us. Don't say things like that.” 
Her pained face let out a small smile. “I only say it because it's true. In your heart you know that just like I do.” 
 Rob began crying. He couldn't help himself he just broke down as his legs gave way and he wept for the rest of the night. 

****

The church began to fill up quicker than Rob had ever imagined. He had known that Trish was a popular woman but it blew him away that she had called THIS many people friends. Once they were all seated, with Austin and Rob sitting up front, the service began. The pastor walked up to the podium and cleared his throat before he began to talk. 
“Brother's and Sister's we're gathered here today in remembrance, remembrance of a beautiful woman who has no doubt touched so many lives. We are together on this blessed morning to celebrate her passing from one life onto the other. She is with God now and for that we must be thankful. We are all sad that she is gone, that is for certain but we must be glad that she is in heaven watching over us all. At this time I'd like to ask if there is anyone who would like to say a few words.” 
Rob stood up and nodded. 
“By all means come up front brother.” 
Rob walked to the podium slowly. The stack of papers in his hand was crinkled together as if he had tried to throw them away. When he stepped in front of crowd he burst into tears. His red eyes poured for just a little while before he finally got himself under control, than he began to talk. 
“I'm sorry everyone. This has been one hell of a week. I actually hadn't planned to say a lot until last night. Austin told me I should say a few things so I sat down to start writing and it just kept coming. So here it goes.
There was a beam of light, on one end was Trish and on the other end was me. She was able to lead me to wherever I needed to go. I was in a real dark place all those years ago but she straightened me out. She was an angel that saved me from myself. I've done a lot of things in life and I can guarantee that it wouldn't have happened without her. These words don't even do justice. She was everything to me, but then with no explanation no reason she was gone overnight. Call it selfish but that's just not fucking fair.”
The crowd gasped at Rob, but he ignored it and continued. 
“Sure say whatever you want, Heaven gained an angel. But we here, Austin and I, we lost a mother, a wife, a best friend. No matter how you weigh that I don't think that's a fair trade.” 
Rob broke down again. He went to move but he felt a pull on his arm. He looked up to see Austin gripping his arm, helping him back to their seats. The rest of the ceremony was a blur. Rob watched as a few of Trish's High School friends gave some heartfelt messages. They were all moving to Rob but nothing was going to make him feel better. He didn't care if Jesus himself came down to say something Rob would still look at the situation the same way. 
After the service Rob and Austin went out to the front yard where Austin pulled him aside.
“Dad, I'm flying back to Miami tomorrow. I'm going to pack up everything and come back home. I can finish school from here.” 
Rob looked at him dumbfounded. 
“No absolutely not. I won't let you do that.” 
“You’re not letting me do anything dad. I made this decision. There is no changing anything I've already bought the plane ticket. My flight leaves at 8 tomorrow morning.”
Rob gave in.  He had no energy to fight anything anymore. “Are you moving back home?” 
“Yes, at least that's the plan if you don't mind.” 
Rob broke down again but nodded.
“That's good, let's go home dad.” 
They loaded up and drove out toward the place Rob called home, though in his mind it felt like the furthest thing from a home right now.

****

The next morning Austin was up early. He was moving downstairs and woke Rob up. When he went downstairs he noticed that Austin had no bags with him. 
“Hey son, you’re not taking any luggage with you?” 
Austin shook his head. “Don't need to I'm coming back no later than day after tomorrow. I'm going to load everything in my car and drive back down.” 
“That's a 20 hour drive. Are you going to be able to make it back by yourself okay?” 
“Yeah. I'll be fine. I'll have to stop, but I'll make it. Let's go to the airport.” 
Rob drove Austin down to the Lambert Airport and dropped him off at the gate. 
“Do you have everything?” 
Austin nodded. 
“Call me as soon as you land alright?” His heart was heavy but he fought to keep the tears out of his voice.
“Alright Dad. I love you.” 
With that Austin turned and headed into the terminal as Rob got back on the road to head home. 
The night dragged on for Rob with no call. At 10 he turned on the news. “Our top story, a plane crashes just outside Miami. It went down nearly two hours ago. They're searching the wreckage now but authorities say that it doesn't look good. We'll have more on this story as it becomes available.” 
Rob turned off the TV and rushed over to his telephone. As he picked it up it rang and his heart jumped.
“Austin is that you?” 
Breathlessly the seconds seemed to pass like hours before there was a response on the other end. 
“Mr. Stephens?” 
Rob hit his knees and started crying. 
“We're sorry to have to inform you of this, but the plane your son was on went down earlier tonight. We searched all the wreckage and found no survivors.”
Rob hung up the phone and kept crying in the corner of his living room. He felt pain twinge in his heart. He picked back up the phone and through his tears he dialed 911. 
“I'm having a heart attack,” He told the operator. His next words were faint. “I live at the corner of 17th and Market Street please hurry.” 
He dropped the phone and his vision started going black. He felt his head hit the wall before the lights went out completely. 

****

The light flooded back into his eyes. Rob couldn't move, it felt as if his entire body was numb. As his eyes adjusted to the light he started to turn his head slowly from side to side. 
Where am I? His thoughts sounded distant, not anything like him. Was he really himself? At that point the answer really seemed like a horrific no. He tried to stand with no success. His legs felt like jello. He sat there for a few more minutes that passed like hours. The cobwebs began to clear from his head just as the winds picked up. Rob took in a breath through his nose and sucked down sand. His head cleared out and he started to put it all together, and realized that he was now somehow in the dessert. 
How? The last thing I remember was calling 911 before blacking out in the floor, if that's true then how am I here. This has to be a dream.
He reached down and put his hand in the sand. It was warm and as realistic as it could be. He picked up a handful and let it slip through his fingers. The sun beat down overhead causing sweat to break out on his brow. This can't be a dream, it's far too damn real.  
He tried to stand up again and this time his body seemed ready to work with him, his legs got underneath him and his feet began to move. He looked around and was uncertain which direction to head, so he followed the sun. 
Minutes seemed to turn into hours and before he knew it the sun was at his back. He took off running and couldn't stop himself; hours and miles had passed he was sure of it. He fell down as the wind picked up again and the sand swirled around his head and seemed to trap him as he fought for air. It seemed like he had walked miles only to fall on his face. He looked up to realize there was no end to the dessert in sight and he started to ask himself, How in the hell did I get here. To have everything, and now I'm in the dessert running for my life? How the mighty have fallen. He tried to get back to his feet but laughter from behind him froze him in his tracks. 
“Robert, don't keep running. This is a mindless game that you are trying to play. It's almost like you’re gambling with your life, but haven't you gambled enough already?” The deep voice seemed to echo behind Robert, but he knew that was his imagination.
“Shut the fuck up, You don't know anything about me. I've made mistakes and this was one of them but you don't know what goes on in my head, or why I did the things I did!” Rob replied, his voice hoarse from the abuse of the sand. 
“You’re right and wrong,” The voice said. “I know plenty about you and what you've done. What I don't know is why you did it, though I never tend to understand why they do it, but it's a win-win for me. Either way I don't really care. What I care about is claiming what's rightfully mine.”
Rob tried to run but he fell again, before he could get back to his feet he felt the pressure of a foot being pushed on the back of his head forcing his face deeper in the sand. When he was sure he would die, the foot came off his head and he could breathe again. As he took in air a sharp kick to the side of his ribs turned him over.
“Now, I won't ask you again. Give me what I came for. I'm tired of this cat and mouse game.”
“Go to hell you son of a...” Robert’s words were cut off as the foot was placed on his throat pressing the air out of him again. 
“Don't offer me that chance son you won't like the outcome.” The voice told him.
The sinking sun finally illuminated the shadow. Rob knew the face. Understanding sat in and the man laughed again.
“You get it now? You say you've made your mistakes, and that THIS was one of them?” The man opened his arms to the dessert. “But you don't even know how you got here so how can this be your mistake?” 
Rob shook his head. “How?” 
“Oh... I thought you understood but I guess I should explain. That night in the park when you first met me, I looked different it was all part of the game really. I blended in with the surroundings and fed off your sorrow. I baited you in and you took everything hook, line, and sinker. Now I can say I set you up, by pushing Billy off that roof, and that would be true. But let’s be honest, most of the time people are willing to give their lives to see their dreams come to life. 
You were of a rare breed. You gave up EVERYTHING else to see it all. Remember that? I asked you what you were willing to give away to see your dreams and you said everything. I took that as my cue and collected on that debt. The rest of my debt is to collect you.” 
The man looked down as Rob still stared at him. 
“Let me show you what you gave away.” 
The man waved his arms and fire engulfed them. Rob opened his eyes to see the man's arms around his wife and son.
“In case you missed it. You offered their souls for success. Yours as well, but see I like to see people struggle it keeps things simple. I will continue to keep you alive, until your body gives out. When that happens I will allow you to leave the world that you were so eager to create no matter the cost.” 
The man smiled and Rob saw for the first time his eyes were red, like Tommy's the day they came back. He couldn't help it but tears were streaming down his cheeks.
“It's okay, I promise we'll meet again.” 
The man waved his arms and Rob felt the vision go black again, then almost instantly he felt hands and heard voices. 
“He's coming round... Prep a room... more compressions.” Then he was out again. 

****

Rob woke up, this time he was in a hospital room. He looked out and the sun was setting behind the buildings. As his eyes opened completely he heard a voice. 
“Well good to see you opening your eyes.” 
He looked around and saw a nurse with a chart. 
“We didn't think you were going to make it there for a while. You came in, in pretty bad shape.” 
“What happened?” He asked. 
“You had a heart attack. They said it was triggered when...” her voice trailed off. 
“When Austin died?” He asked. 
She nodded. 
“They didn't want me to say that because they weren't sure if you would be able to deal with it. I'm so sorry for the loss.” 
“It's something I'll have to deal with. It's quite alright. Thanks a lot for taking care of me all this time. How long have I been out?”
She looked back at a dry erase board. 
“You came in last Monday so it was about a week. You've been under some pretty heavy drugs so it's understandable.” 
“Did they already have Austin's funeral?” 
“I don't really know. They didn't give me any of that information but I can find out.” 
He took a deep breath, he didn't think they would have held off just for him but he could hope. He came out of his thoughts to speak again. “Last question.” 
She nodded. 
“How do you know who Austin is? And that he's dead?”
She laughed a bit. “I'm not a stalker. It's part of your medical history. We saw Austins name, heard about he plane crash and your regular doctor told us how close you were.”
“I was just curious.” His voice was screaming with sorrow but he couldn't help it.
The girl had started to leave the room but stopped and turned back. 
“Before I forget some flowers came for you this morning. They were just on the nurses’ desk when she came back from the bathroom. No one saw how they got there but the envelope had your name and room number on it.” 
She sat the vase down on his table; Rob looked at the flowers for a moment before reaching for the card. He looked over the envelope

Rob 
Room 367

He opened it up. 

Dear Rob, 

I hope our little chat is in your head, and don't you worry about Trish and Austin. I'll keep them nice and toasty until you can finally join us. They're just dying to see you. 

S. 


Unopened Doors


I walked in the door of the dream, 
Sat down, 
And looked around, 
At a home that had never been mine, 
I was never rich enough for this, 
The living room alone, 
Was larger than a football field, 
The walls were colored, 
Painted by a master painter, 
Decorated by a woman,
A woman with exceptional taste, 
The pictures told a story, 
Of a love, 
That never faded, 
From start to finish,
The pictures lined the walls, 
Of a couple, 
From teenage years, 
The look in their eyes, 
So happy, excited and real,
I sat in the chair, 
The back in front for me to lean on, 
I perched myself on my hands, 
I surveyed everything, 
The pictures must have spanned 15 years, 
The more I inspected them, 
The more I started to notice the faded gleams, 
In the man's eyes, 
Upon further inspection, 
I noticed the man's face,  
I realized that this man, 
Was me, 
And the girl, 
Next to him, 
Was the woman, 
That was lying next to me, 
At least was when I had fallen asleep, 
The keys hit the lock,
And jerked my attention to the door,  
She was the first to come in, 
Beautiful as ever, 
She's gotten slightly taller, 
Still with the beautiful skin, 
Her eyes, 
Still beautiful as the day I met her, 
I sat in the chair, 
Watching her move slowly around the room, 
Expecting any minute, 
That she would see me, 
But even when she looked my direction, 
She looked through me, 
To her I wasn't there,  
So I continued to watch, 
She went room to room, 
Before relaxing on the couch, 
And kicking off her shoes, 
I couldn't help myself, 
I walked up and sat next to her, 
As she drifted off, 
I stared, 
In amazement, 
That such a beauty could be mine, 
I sat that way for who knows how long, 
All the while I had the idea in my mind, 
That something was wrong, 
And that I would learn, 
Where the mistakes had laid, 
Before I left, 
I looked at the clock one second, 
It was 2:30
And the next the sun had went down, 
And it read 8:30
Six hours flies by in the blink of an eye,
Soon I heard the door turn again, 
I turned to see if she would move, 
But to my surprise, 
She was in the kitchen, 
My gut told me this was what I came to learn, 
So I followed myself, 
Into the kitchen, 
They exchanged kisses, 
And glances, 
But I watched them around each other, 
They were slow and soft, 
Almost afraid to talk, 
Like a ticking time-bomb was present, 
And neither wanted to flip the trigger switch, 
The night continued on, 
As it did it seemed she grew less tired, 
With this game that they, 
Were playing, 
When they sat down to eat, 
I heard, 
(At least I thought I heard)
That time-bomb switch flip, 
She stood up, 
And shook her head, 
“I'm sick of this shit.”
She told him, 
He continued eating, 
But he looked at her perplexed, 
“I know what you've been doing for the last year.” 
She yelled
His face never moved,  
“God damn it stop acting stupid,
You've been cheating on me you no good bastard!” 
She screamed, 
Finally realization set in, 
He put his fork down, 
And stared at her, 
“Now why do you think that?” 
He asked, 
No contempt, 
Or even remorse in his voice, 
I was repulsed, 
Even I knew he was lying,  
I was disappointed in myself, 
It was here I stopped thinking, 
Of this man as me, 
She started crying, 
“I've caught you twice, 
You didn't even realize it, 
I didn't want to believe it, 
But you did it, 
And I'm tired of pretending that we're fine, 
I'm done”
She screamed, 
And stormed off, 
He sat back down, 
No attempt to chase her, 
No attempt to try, 
And continued eating, 
I froze, 
And time shot forward, 
A glance at the clock told me it was now 12:30,
And he was gone, 
I went rolling through the house, 
I found him in the bedroom, 
In the arms of a new woman,  
I saw the look in his eyes, 
No love, 
Just lust, 
They did what they set out to do, 
And she left, 
He poured himself a shot, 
And picked up her picture, 
From the bedside table, 
He downed the glass, 
And pours himself another, 
Without thinking, 
I turn to look at the calendar, 
It read January 12th, 
Time froze again, 
And when I opened my eyes the calendar now read, 
March 16th, 
I noticed the man, 
Passed out on the bed, 
And a collection of bottles on his table, 
All emptied, 
He stirs and wakes, 
He stumbles to the closet, 
And puts on a suit, 
In his drunken stupor, 
He leaves, 
I follow him to the door, 
But before I can go further, 
I found a note on the table, 
“Gone to her funeral, I hope you can make it, 
I know you blame yourself, 
But she would have wanted you there.” 
I couldn't get my head wrapped around it,
Who had died? 
Why would he blame himself?
I ran back upstairs,
And I led myself to the bedside table, 
To my surprise, 
I found a notebook, 
And read through it, 
Poem after poem, 
It appeared as if I continued my writing,
And in this situation for that I was grateful, 
But the last one is the one that shook me the most, 
I wrote in sloppy handwriting, 
And it was called, 
“The Line”
It was really short but the meaning was there, 
“She walked away from me and rightfully so, Even still why did she have to go, I pulled the trigger, Even from 30 miles away, I drove her to the end, And now once I send her off, I will no longer stand in The resentment I feel in the mirror.” 
I watched the clock, 
And again, 
It changed to say 8:30, 
The door flew open, 
I stared, 
As he walked in, 
He walked up to the bedroom, 
To the bedside table, 
And pulled a revolver from it, 
He loaded it, 
One shot, 
And walked in front of the mirror, 
I walked up behind him,  
I was ready, 
For what came next, 
But before he went to pull the trigger, 
For some reason, 
I felt the urge to lean inward, 
I knew he couldn't hear me, 
But I whispered anyway, 
“I hope you go wherever she goes, 
Cause if not it will be all for nothing.” 
He jumped, 
And the shot rang, 
The world I was in went black, 
And I set upright, 
Sweat dripping from my brow, 
And gasping for air, 
I couldn't believe what I had just seen, 
I stared around, 
Looking for anything that told me that this world was real, 
And I looked down, 
There she laid, 
I stared at her, 
For a moment, 
I got out of bed, 
And walked to the bathroom, 
And found a piece of paper, 
On the mirror,
“Love me forever.” It read, 
In her handwriting, 
I was stunned, 
And went back to my bedside table, 
Opened the drawer, 
I found the revolver, 
That I had just seen, 
I opened the chamber, 
And in it I found a rolled up piece of paper, 
“Even from the depths of hell, I will love you for eternity.” 
I dropped the revolver, 
And laid on the bed, 
I felt her arms wrap around me, 
Her heart beat against my back, 
As the world went black a second time, 
I drifted back to sleep, 
Knowing I had just watched, 
And read, 
The love that was between us, 
Come together, 
To stop me from making a mistake, 
And from beyond the graves, 
They had taught me, 
Not to make a mistake, 
I learned that life was offering me the courtesy, 
Of leaving all those doors, 
Of lust, 
Mistrust, 
Deception, 
And Heartbreak, 
Closed, 
For eternity

Here's To You


You wanted it all,
Wanted everything you couldn't have, 
You couldn't resist the urge, 
Everything you had was at your fingertips, 
Then you spoke, 
Words I never wanted to hear, 
Words that would bring a tear to my eye, 
Why is this all so damn difficult? 
I can't learn my lesson, 
Once is never enough, 
We both know, 
That if it happens, 
We'll want more, 
Oh so much more, 
We'll want each other, 
When we can't have it, 
Want to hold each other, 
When it's impossible, 
I'll dream of you, 
Call your name in my sleep, 
But to say that this desire, 
Is one sided, 
Is lying to myself, 
What happens, 
If you start dreaming of me, 
Start needing me, 
And wanting me, 
When you can't have me, 
When you’re with him, 
If you call my name in your sleep, 
What happens,
He doesn't ask questions, 
Afraid of the answer, 
I would be, 
But still, 
He wants to know, 
More than I think you can realize, 
You split your mind, 
Between us,
Wanting us both, 
Needing us both, 
But ask yourself these things, 
Is he still there for you? 
Is he still yours, 
Are you still his only one, 
You are gone, 
Away, 
From him, 
What happens if the roles get reversed? 
He finds someone new, 
Wants or needs more?
I know this isn't likely, 
But it's possible, 
It's just something for you to think about, 
If you haven't figured it out yet, 
This is really just a poem wrote to you, 
For you, 
Because these thoughts haunt my head, 
And the only way I know to let them out, 
Is on paper, 
So ask yourself these questions, 
Have you dreamed of me? 
Longed for me already, 
Wanted me in ways you know were wrong, 
Have those thoughts already entered your mind, 
Things are possible, 
Things are real, 
Things you didn't want to believe, 
Because in reality, 
I would bet, 
That you never would have guessed, 
That someone new could change your life, 
The way I have, 
But you want the truth, 
I never thought I'd let another woman in, 
After the way everything has happened, 
Yet here you are, 
Holding me down, 
Keeping me smiling, 
And don't even realize you’re doing it, 
To be honest, 
I think I took the chance to express how I feel, 
As if you didn't know already,
Thank you, 
For letting me be the writer to your thoughts, 
Here's to you beautiful lady, 
Ponder your thoughts in peace, 
But one way or another, 
Something happens, 
That much I'm sure of, 
Here's to you, 

Momma's Worst Nightmare

Wow let’s look back on the last 19 years, 
Where did they all go wrong?
Where did I drift to the dark side, 
When did I become evil?
But the more important question is, 
What's Momma gonna do when I come to dinner, 
Dressed up in blue jeans, 
And a button down shirt, 
With a T-top underneath, 
Imposing isn't the word, 
But I could stop a crowd, 
I've done it before,
I sit down, 
And those uneasy stares 
That I receive, 
Aren't enough to make me uncomfortable, 
But they do make me question the sincerity of this entire day, 
I had come to make a good impression, 
But apparently, 
They see through the facade, 
Well that's fine, 
Who do you think I am?
Someone intent to take your daughter, 
Right to hell, 
Sounds right, 
But why, 
Cause I ain't rich, 
Cause I ain't pretty, 
Cause I don't have everything at my fingertips, 
I've been doing more since day one, 
Then you realize, 
Wanna talk about corruption, 
Wanna talk about the wrong I've been doing, 
You tell me, 
Where I did a damn thing wrong, 
Better yet, 
I'm more interested, 
In just why I'm not a fit, 
For her, 
Is it because she's a princess, 
On a throne, 
Is it because, 
I'm a guy, 
Who doesn't give a damn, 
Who doesn't go out my way to make others smile, 
What's your problem with me? 
Hell you never even wanted to see, 
Where I came from, 
Didn't care, 
Thought I was fake, 
Well, let me tell you, 
That you've decided, 
To walk away from me, 
Never wanted to know me, 
Truly never cared, 
You lied,  
Trying to make her happy, 
But your ideas, 
Your thoughts, 
Your mind was made up, 
Before I even said hello, 
I won't waste enough breath to say that I'm sorry, 
Cause let’s be honest, 
I'm not, 
I just wanna thank you for, 
Pushing me away, 
One of these days, 
You'll realize I wasn't the guy you thought I was, 
And when your daughter is happy, 
And you don't care, 
Well guess then it's my arms she can sleep in, 
Knowing the world will keep turning, 
So until next time, 
Lock it all in, 
Cause the all American Nightmare, 
Just walked square through Momma's front door

The Lights Behind The Bridge

Darkness, 
Years I walked this highway, 
Alone, 
The black consumed me, 
The soul I once held, 
Fell back into the cave, 
That I never once knew existed, 
It's time I took a seat, 
And pondered, 
My future, 
I never wanted to end up here, 
But I knew the road, 
Wouldn't be easy, 
I had given it all away, 
I only wanted to get away, 
And the day I left, 
I knew this was the day, 
That I needed to wait for, 
I looked back on everything, 
Starting from the day I left, 
I said goodbye to my family, 
At least the only ones that cared, 
Enough to see me go, 
I had only bundled up the things that mattered, 
And threw them on my back, 
And began to walk, 
I had no destination, 
I just wanted out, 
And in front of me, 
Was nothing but darkness, 
And even then, 
I didn't care, 
The tornado in front of me, 
Sucked me in, 
And the road around me turned dark, 
This is where I met the first of two, 
That would change my life forever, 
She introduced herself, 
But the utter accidents, 
That we call fate, 
And for the next few years, 
Every night consisted of the same thing, 
I would call her, 
Or she would call me, 
And we'd spend hours, 
Burning away the darkness, 
Until she would sleep, 
And then I'd dream, 
Finally that faithful day came, 
One five years in the making, 
The day that the light in my burnt world, 
Disappeared,
She whispered the words, 
I always knew would come, 
And she walked away, 
The darkness consumed me, 
Even greater than before, 
I liked every second of it, 
And I became addicted, 
I wanted more, 
The dark consumed my soul, 
And ate away at my heart, 
Time passed slowly, 
Day by day, 
Hour by hour, 
And as the seasons changed, 
I made progress down my road, 
Of life, 
I felt the darkness take total control, 
I waited for it, 
I stayed up at night, 
Wanting death to come calling, 
Because I was sick of being lonely, 
But then here came, 
The light in that darkness, 
One that had never burnt so brightly, 
Or so it had appeared, 
In the beginning the path I was walking, 
Was so clearly illuminated, 
That I thought that I could see a white spot, 
On a clear ground, 
But as time wore on, 
And the world around her, 
Stared on in disbelief, 
That she could waste her time, 
The light that illuminated this world, 
Slowly started to dim, 
Like it had needed batteries, 
That dim light faded,
Slowly fading further and further, 
Until finally, 
It burnt out, 
Like the unused candles on a birthday cake, 
And then my world was back, 
In a darker state than ever before, 
I played with blades, 
Contemplated the end, 
And almost went through with it, 
But slowly I got better, 
The darkness remained, 
But I was able to move forward, 
As the days continued, 
And the seasons changed again, 
I got better slowly, 
Figured out where I screwed up, 
Got myself to a better place, 
It was then I noticed where I was, 
I looked up, 
And the bridge, 
That had haunted my dreams, 
Hung before me, 
Black in its splendor of beauty, 
Hung low, 
Inviting in a way that I'd never been invited before, 
So I walked, 
Ever so slowly, 
And calmly along it's rails, 
In the river below, 
I saw water, 
Black like glass, 
Waiting to be broken, 
I stared out over the horizon, 
To the west of me, 
I hear the engines, 
Slowing down, 
I see the light burst around the corner, 
And I almost cry at its brilliance, 
I step off the track, 
As the train rolls to a stop, 
Just before the bridge, 
The door swings open, 
And I feel the warmth of the compartment, 
And off steps the most beautiful woman I've ever seen, 
She strolls over to me, 
And takes my hand, 
She leads me onto the train, 
And I ask, 
Where does this lead? 
She laughs and sits down with me in the front, 
“Does it matter?” she responds. 
I stare into her eyes, 
Knowing I'm in for the ride of my life, 
But I didn't feel the train would ever derail, 
As the train picked up speed, 
I kissed her, 
And it felt real, 
Passion was in my veins, 
And I was complete, 
We rounded the bend, 
Picking up speed, 
Until we were out of sight
 

Behind the Curtains


His fans scream his name, 
He knows where he's supposed to be, 
But he's locked in a battle with himself, 
He's sitting at the table, 
Staring into a bowl, 
Filled with the dust, 
From the night before, 
He puts one finger into it, 
And inhales, 
His brain realizes, 
That the potency is gone, 
The fans grow louder, 
And he checks his watch, 
He should have been out there, 
Five minutes ago, 
But he's broken, 
Lost and angry,
He wanted all this, 
Worked so hard, 
Then suddenly the voices in his head, 
Started telling him,  
He couldn't handle it, 
And he fell apart,
Started drinking first,
When blurred vision, 
And helplessness were no longer his taste, 
He started drugs, 
But he still heard the voices, 
He ventured further, 
And further down, 
Until he took on the heavy stuff,
Things that not only silenced the voices, 
But silenced the world, 
Once that happened, 
The songs started flowing from him, 
One after another, 
They sound like shit
He thought,
But the fans were loving them, 
He started a worldwide tour, 
The first 10 cities, 
His venues were sold out, 
He couldn't believe it, 
The fans were buying tickets, 
To see him perform, 
It was a dream come true, 
But as the money started rolling in, 
He kept indulging, 
Making himself happy, 
Digging himself deeper, 
Until,
He feels it crushing him, 
Back in the present, 
He stands up, 
And the room spins, 
And he falls, 
The fans get louder, 
And scream his name, 
He stands, stumbles,
And trips over the chair, 
He falls, 
His head cracks the table, 
The blood begins to pour, 
He rolls, 
And the lights blind him, 
He draws in the final breaths, 
He hears his name as he's fading
Finally paying,
The ultimate price for fame

The Text Message 


Love is a powerful word, one that very few can say and even less mean. It's a word that everyone has heard in some way, but for Matt and Tiffany it was a word that carried a lot of weight. Both of them had been in dead-end relationships, and both lasted a whole lot longer than they planned. 
After Matt got the courage to walk away from the girl that he had spent so many sleepless nights with, he started drinking heavy. Night in and night out, the booze flowed, and Matt couldn't get her off his mind. He knew he was happier, but he didn't believe that he would ever find love again. 
His friends were no help either.  They kept cracking jokes about how he wasn't good enough. To them it was all in fun but it pushed him to the edge. It lead to heavier drinking and before he knew it he was blacking out and waking up in random places next to random people. There were also times his memories were black and he had no idea what he had done.  
He didn't care. It kept his mind off her, so he kept it up. Little did he know that right across town his destiny was living a life of regret and disrespect. 

****

Tiffany lived on the edge of town, and her boyfriend of two and a half years, was one sorry bastard. There was so much time invested though that she could never think to walk away. She was content letting herself be unhappy and living a lie. 
For weeks, she debated leaving but never found the strength. Weeks turned into months and she steadily grew more unhappy with her situation. Finally, she'd had enough and went to leave. He tried to stop her and she responded by throwing the side table lamp at him and then stormed out of the house into the rain. 
It beat down onto her as she started walking down the street to her best friend Rachel's house. She walked with a purpose. She rang the doorbell soaked to the bone and shivering.  Rachael unlocked the door, when she saw Tiffany she jumped.
“Tiffany what in the world are you doing?” 
“I've had enough. I'm tired of being treated like a second rate citizen, I left, then I came here.” 
“Well get out of the rain girl.” Rachel voice was soft and welcoming, something Tiffany wasn't used to. She walked in and sat down on the floor. Almost instantly, Rachel had a towel, clothes, and hot chocolate. 
“What happened?” The sympathy in her voice melted Tiffany and she started crying again. 
“I wasn't happy and I wanted out. I didn't want to lie to myself anymore and my only way out was to leave. That's why I'm here.” 
“I'd rather you be here then somewhere else. But given the hellacious storm why didn't you take the car?” 
“I wanted to be done, no questions, no more fights, just walking away, the only thing stopping me now is our bank account and that changes tomorrow.” She wiped her eyes and started calming down just a bit. 
“At least you have a plan, do you have a place to go?” 
Tiffany looked down, “I was kind of hoping...” 
“Say no more,” Rachel told her. “You can stay here as long as you need.” 

****

“Hello is anyone there” Her voice echoed through the darkness for what seemed like forever before it stopped. “Hello...” She called again but still nothing, the hairs on the back of her neck tingled and the blood left her hands. It was the same feeling that she always got before it happened, normal people called it intuition, she called it hell. 
Lights blasted into her vision and she covered her eyes blinded. Tiffany was afraid to move not sure what was coming then she heard the footsteps. Those steps were familiar but this time something was different. Instead of coming at her from one direction they were coming from all over. 
“No!" she cried and tried to push but she was forced down to the ground. She felt hands grip her wrist and pin her down then his face came into focus. 
“How you doing Tiff, did you miss me? Did you really think you were going to be able to run away from me? You thought you were going to be able hit me in the head with a lamp and run, that's not how this works. You’re mine, and you always will be. Don't believe me?” He swung and hit her once on each side of her face it burnt and brought spots to her eyes, she tried to scream but nothing came out. 
“Keep trying to scream, eventually someone will hear you. Then again,” He paused and hit her twice. “Maybe not, after all whose gonna hear you out here.” 
The spots faded away from her eyes as she turned her head back and forth. The brilliant light that had blinded her had disappeared and had been replaced by dark trees that seemed to be caving in on all sides. This isn't real She thought He was abusive, but he wasn't crazy, I know he wouldn't come after me 
But there he was raining down shot after shot at her, her face went from fire to ice to nothing and she was sure that she was dead. As the fists continued she tried again to scream but there was still no sound. After he stopped hitting her, he picked up the upper half of her body and started shaking her and screaming. 
“Tiffany, Tiffany wake up.” Her tormentor started to fade away and slowly he turned into Rachael who was shaking her, only instead of a forest she was in Rachael’s guest bedroom. 
“What in the world happened?” She asked, and as if realization had set in she started reaching to her face, once she realized all was normal she calmed down. 
“You were screaming.” Rachel told her. “What were you dreaming about?” 
Tiffany looked down and then back up, she had never told Rachel the extent of the abuse that she had suffered but in that one instant she learned everything. 
“The first thing we're doing tomorrow is going down to the courthouse and putting in for a restraining order. Now don't worry he won't be able to hurt you anymore.” Rachel laid her back down and Tiffany rolled over and cried as she fell back into an uneasy sleep. 

****

 A couple days after the order was served Tiffany returned from work and asked Rachel, “Want to go out?” 
“What do you mean?” Rachel asked puzzled. 
“Let's go to a club, have us a good time. It's been too long since we've done that” 
Rachel decided it was a good idea and a good way to get Tiff's mind off of the situation that she was in. The girls got fixed up and headed out. 
The nights got longer and eventually Rachel stopped going with her. She was worried but Tiffany was an adult and she couldn't change Tiffany's mind.  lead to points when Tiffany wouldn't come back for days at a time. 
Two weeks went by and Rachel didn't hear anything from Tiffany. One day Rachel woke up to find her on the couch and staring at the wall. She walked into the room and looked over her friend from behind. She noticed that there were marks down her arm. With caution, Rachel went around the front and noticed that there were bags under her eyes. She hadn't been sleeping, from the looks of things she hadn't been eating either. She sat down on the opposite side of the couch and stared, Tiffany didn't even seem to notice that she was there. 
The dead look in her eyes was sad, and somewhat sickening. She needed to fix this somehow but didn't know what to do.
It was difficult at first, the drugs, partying and the people had gotten to her. Rachel never gave up and stayed persistent, over the course of a couple of months Tiffany got clean, hooked up with old friends, slowly forgot about her past and grew more happy with each passing day. Over dinner one night Tiffany made her cry. 
“You realize that had it not been for you I wouldn't be here right now?” Tiff’s voice was soft but had some stern hidden underneath. 
“Stop, you would have been fine, I just gave you a push in the right direction.” 
“No Rae, you didn't you saved me. When everyone else had left me high and dry you stuck it out with me and helped me become a better person, I don't know what I would have done without you.”
Rachel felt a tear escape from her eye and when she went to talk her voice cracked just a bit, “You’re my best friend, I don't know what I would have done had I lost you.” 
Tiffany smiled, “Don't worry about that, after all the work you've put into me. I'm not going anywhere sweetheart. Now let's go find us a couple of good looking men to have a good time with.” 
Rachel laughed but thought that sounded like a good idea, they headed for a bar. 
 
****

8 months later Tiffany decided to move into her own apartment. Rachel was the first one to offer an extra set of hands. After everything was settled she offered to take Tiff out to celebrate her brand new nursing job at the local hospital. 
A couple days after she started Tiffany came home to her apartment and called Rachel. “Hey Rae Rae!  How are you doing?” 
“Don't call me that you know I hate it.” But she said it with a laugh that implied it was all okay to her. “What's up?” 
“I've only been there for two days, and I've already connected with someone.” 
“Already?  Holy cow Tiff you’re working fast.” 
“Not a boyfriend, a patient. He came into the hospital last night, he came too this morning while I was checking him we started talking and he explained to me how he had ended up there. It's insane but he sounds a lot like how I could have ended up had you not been able to stop me.” 
“What's his name?” Rachel asked. 
“Matt.” Tiffany told her as she giggled like a little girl for the first time in years.
Tiffany told her everything and throughout the phone call she found herself thinking about this man in a number of ways. She was just amazed that another person with such difficulties could trust her that way. She went out on a limb and got to know him on a personal level, his drug abuse, drinking habits, old loves, and everything in between. It didn't take long before she began pouring her heart out to him. 
The understanding in his eyes gave her everything she needed. She kept telling him more and more about herself, she wanted to share everything. She wasn't quite sure why, or what he did to get her to open up so fast, but she loved the trust that she felt. It was as if he opened every door that she wanted. 
The weeks flew by and he got better. Finally the day came that he was released. She delivered his papers and he traded her back a small piece of paper with a phone number.
“What's this?” She asked
“My cell, I haven't gotten it back yet, but when I do. Feel free to hit me up. I'd love to take you out to dinner sometime.” He told her. 
She tuned slightly red but nodded. As he walked away she just watched him, in the back of her mind she had told herself that she would call him probably tomorrow or the next day, if she could wait that long. She walked out of the hospital that night with the number in her pocket and a new horizon out in front of her. 

****

She let a few days pass before deciding that she had waited long enough. She made the call and he picked up on the first ring. 
“Hello?” He said
“Hey” She said shyly
The next hour passed faster than she ever thought possible. They talked about everything from the past, to the future. To her it felt like the world stood still.
Before they hung up he said, “We should go out Friday night” 
She felt the air leave her chest but her mouth picked up right where her head left off. “Yes, I'd love to.” 

****

“I can't believe it's been 2 months already.” Matt told her as they walked out of the movie theater hand in hand. He had never expected this, they had been taking it slow but after the horrible time he had after his last break-up he was sure that he was done with dating and women in general, Tiffany had proved him wrong. 
The ride home was quiet.  Matt looked over and noticed that Tiffany was deep in thought. “Hey babe, what are you thinking about?” 
She turned so red that he could see it even in the dim sunset light. “I was thinking, you know we've been together for a while and we've never even spent the night together or anything.” 
Matt nodded. 
“I was thinking let's spend the night together, your place, my place it doesn't really matter to me but let's do it.” 
“Are you sure?” 
“You know until last night I wasn't but the more I thought about it the more I realized that I really like you a lot, and you've been so good to me, and it seems like we're together all the time when we're off work so why not?” 
Matt thought it over, he had thought about asking this very same question but changed his mind because he didn't want her to get the wrong impression, it looked like they were more alike than he had realized. 
“That's fine with me if that's what you want to do, let's go to your place it's on the way.” 
She giggled for the first time in what she thought was years as they drove toward her house. 

****

She looked over at the clock that read 2:30 AM. She wasn't sure how long they had went at it but she knew it was the best sex she had ever had in her entire life.  After it was all said and done, Matt had drifted off to sleep. She couldn't though, there were too many thoughts running through her head. She laid there in silence and that was when she heard him talking. 
“No… I didn't mean to... stop... please stop it... no someone call for help... I don't know what she did... No please call for help.” 
She rolled over and started listening closer. 
“What the hell are you talking about... No I didn't do that... she asked me if I had anything... I didn't give it to her she took it... NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO....” 
That last scream jarred Tiff out of her hypnosis and she started to shake Matt. 
“Baby, baby!  Wake up!  You’re having a bad dream wake up.” It seemed to take forever but she finally got him to stir. 
“Matt what in the world are you dreaming about. You kept talking about someone and then you screamed.” 
Matt sat up in bed and wiped his eyes. For the first time she realized that he had been crying in his sleep. He looked down at himself then back up at her again before he started talking. 
“There's something about me you don't know.”
This came as a shock to her after all the hours they had spent getting to know each other but she asked. “What do you mean?” 
Matt sighed. “About 2 months before I got put in the hospital I almost went to jail. I was at a party with some friends and I met this woman. To this day I can't remember her name, I may have never learned it but either way we started hanging out and having a good time. A buddy slipped me some pills for later on should I feel the need to use them.” 
“Like a rape drug!” She yelled at him, she couldn't help it she was just taken back. 
“No, No calm down. They were like muscle relaxers, it was what I was kicking on and the guy gave ‘em to me because I was out. Anyhow we were dancing and having a good time and I didn't realize that she took the pills from me. She started taking them one at a time until she took all 12 of them. Amidst all the partying and everything no one ever saw her pass out. Before anyone ever realized anything was wrong it was almost too late.
We rushed her to the hospital and they pumped her stomach. When she came to she claimed that I slipped her the drugs and that I was trying to rape her. I was taken out to the police station for questioning but when they got mine and my friend’s statement the realized she was full of it and let me go. I got away barely even though I didn't do anything and even though it should have stopped my partying and everything it just fueled it to another level. In fact it was the first in a line of events that lead me to the hospital,” he stole a kiss on the cheek. “and to you.” 
She stared down at him as he was propped up on one elbow. His eyes glowed in the moonlight and she couldn't remember another person so beautiful. 
“That's it? You didn't do anything to her?” 
He shook his head.
“Then why are you having nightmares about it. I just don't understand if you didn't do anything wrong then why does it bother you so bad?” 
He sighed again. “For me it was almost like killing another person, it was almost like crossing that line of no return and I just couldn't live with myself doing that to someone.” 
She nodded. 
“Can we go back to sleep now?” 
She slid down and curled up against him. He was almost instantly asleep but her thoughts kept her wide awake throughout the night. 

**** 

Six months after their first night together, the couple is happier than they ever thought possible. They both knew that this was something that they couldn't fight, something they didn't even understand. They went out every chance they had and it seemed every time they learned something else about each other. Every time they were together the connection grew stronger. 
Everything she knew came crashing down around in her in one single night. The skies outside were screaming with rain but she was okay, she was waiting for him to come see her. Just as she's about to sit down her phone goes off with a rather odd text message. 
“I can't wait to see you tonight, No matter the cost, no matter the circumstances I will be there to see you soon.” 
About 15 minutes pass and there's a knock at her door, she opens it and lets him in out of the rain. They're night is filled with love, something like she'd never felt before in her life, it was even better than the first time which is something that was a shock to her. She finally reaches her limit as her clock strikes 2 AM. 
Her phone rings jarring her from her sleep, she rolls over and looks at the clock. 2:05 it reads, but he's gone. He must be in the bathroom, she thinks. She looks at the phone she recognized the number but couldn't quite put her finger on it. 
“Tiff is that you?” The woman says as she answers. 
“Yeah, who is this?”
“It's Layla,” Her voice was short and raspy, “Honey I've got something to tell you.” 
It hit her then, they were calling from her work. 
“What's going on?” Tiffany felt the air leave her chest but she wasn't sure why. 
“Matt was here.” Layla told her. 
Her chest tightened more. 
“That's impossible, he was just here.” 
Layla's voice slowed a little and she spoke again with sympathy. 
“Sweetheart I know this is hard to believe, but he was here and now he's gone.” 
“Gone, what do you mean gone?” Her lungs suddenly broke free and she could hardly control her breathing. 
“He was in an accident. He slid sideways off a road and went headfirst into a telephone pole. The car's airbags deployed but it wasn't enough and he was partially ejected. He was in bad shape when he got here but he was able to relay a message to me and made me promise that I would give it to you.” 
By this point Tiffany was sitting on her bed, tears were in her eyes though her mind still couldn't understand. “What was the message?” She asked though she was afraid she may know. 
“He told me that I can't wait to see you tonight, No matter the cost, no matter the circumstances I will be there to see you soon.” 

****

The next week passed in a haze. She had lost her true love and in the same night it seemed that her sanity had went with him.  After the funeral she met up with Matt's parents at their house.
“Sweetheart sit down please there's something we need to tell you.” His mother said as Tiffany came in.
Tiffany did as she was asked. She was amazed that his parents wanted to see her at such a delicate time. In fact, up to that point, Tiffany had believed that his parents had blamed her for his car accident since it was her he was coming to see. Matt's father sat in the recliner in the living room. He never looked at her, never said anything. He blames me she thought. 
Mom came back down stairs with a box. She handed it to Tiffany.
“He was going to propose to you the night of the accident. They found the ring in the glove box of the car. They said that it was the only part of the car that didn't get damaged. 
When he told us about it I wasn't thrilled but I understood that he was madly in love with you, so we supported him. He left here after talking to us about it. I got a phone call at about 10:45. The hospital had said that he had been in an accident and that he didn't make it. We rushed to the hospital hoping that they were wrong. They had already moved him to the morgue by the time we got there. I wanted to give you this because I know he would have wanted you to have it.”
She handed Tiffany the ring. Tiffany opened the box and the beautiful ring shined in the light. The diamond was facing up. She started crying and thanked his mother. 
She drove home after she was able to clear her eyes and when she arrived she sat on her bed looking at the ring thinking over the events of the last week. She thought over the timetable that his mom had told her about. When she thought it over she realized that his time of death was the exact same time that he showed up at her door.
She was in shock. It hurt her thinking about their last night together. She didn't want to tarnish that memory by thinking that it was something other than that amazing night she had felt. She left the box open next to their picture and curled up and went to sleep. When she woke up the next morning she woke up with the nightmares from the night before disappearing into the sunlight she rolled over to check the time on her phone.
She noticed that it was only nine. She also noticed that she had a text message from a number she'd never seen. The air left her lungs.  The number was 432836 and read “Goodbye my angel, I'll save you a place in Heaven.”
 

The Satan Inside

I have fantasies about what I'd do, 
If we ever met alone, 
I'd bend and twist you, 
Snap every bone, 
You think your soul is twisted, 
Then look into my eyes, 
And see a demon, 
Bearing his teeth, 
The things I'd do to you, 
Why don't I tell you?
Think this over, 
I'd begin by tying you down, 
Arms out, 
Legs out, 
I'd stand over you, 
So you’re as helpless, 
As the souls you tried to corrupt, 
I'd start by snapping your fingers, 
One by one, 
Slapping your face to keep you awake, 
Don't think you’re gonna pass out on me, 
Then, 
I'd place a foot on each rib, 
And deliver enough pressure, 
To break them in half, 
You could only hope, 
It would kill you,
Then as your screams echoed in my ears, 
I'd ask if you'd had enough, 
But don't feel lucky yet, 
I've got 12 hours until dawn, 
And I intend to make it last, 
Next, 
I'd dip out your eye, 
Only one, 
So you could still see it coming, 
You sick fuck, 
I hope you know the demon you've awaken, 
Hell has no furry, 
Like my own, 
Soon, 
I'd snip out your tongue, 
Because I'd get sick of hearing you scream, 
Then I'd stretch out your arms, 
And snap them both at the elbows, 
So they're twisted, 
And contorted all wrong, 
Next, 
I'd give your legs, 
That same release, 
By now, 
I know you'd be passing out from the pain, 
But I'd beg, 
No I'd pray that wasn't the case,
I'd find a sharp object, 
And slowly start cutting, 
Down your arms, 
And across your chest, 
Not deep, 
But enough to bleed out,
Then finally I'd whisper in your ear, 
My name, 
So you knew, 
Who FINALLY put an end to you,
You met a maker, 
But not quite like you'd dreamed of, 
And I pray that God has more mercy on you, 
Because if I ever had my way, 
Painfully, 
You'd see the end, 
If I had a way, 
I'd make sure you saw this, 
Before you rotted away for good, 
But mark my words, 
Make a move, 
And I promise to all that is unholy, 
Hell on earth would be, 
Your final stop, 
Before death. 

 The Thrill Ride

The sun set over the beach, 
On a long and fun filled day, 
The lovers in question, 
Curled together under the stars, 
And he asked her, 
“Are you ready?”
She propped herself on an elbow, 
“I don't know honestly,”
She thought out loud, 
“But if you are, 
Then I can say that I am,” 
One heated exchanged, 
Their bodies intertwined, 
And he heard the pop, 
As he took away her innocence, 
He watched the blood run down the inside of her thigh, 
Then he felt it, 
As her heart stopped beating, 
He didn't mean to, 
He let go of her throat, 
Passion had made him unaware, 
He tried to revive her, 
But no such luck, 
He began to panic, 
He needed to get rid of the body, 
He would go down for the murder, 
Regardless of accidents, 
He loaded the body, 
In the trunk, 
And drove down the beach, 
He found the abandoned cliff, 
He backed up, 
Pumped the engine, 
And sped toward the bank, 
He rolled out just in time, 
To watch the car, 
Go over the side, 
He watched it sink slowly, 
Out of sight, 
His heart raced, 
And he knew it was wrong, 
But it was the only way, 

15 years later...

The man, 
Guilty of murders galore, 
It all started with an accidental death, 
Of the love of his life, 
Since then, 
He'd robbed so many women, 
First of a good time, 
Then their life, 
In the beginning, 
He couldn't help himself, 
Back then, 
Now he'd gotten cleaner, 
But they'd found a way to,
The man they were after, 
He jammed out, 
To all the stalker music, 
He'd come to love, 
There were footsteps up his stairs, 
“Get out now, It's the Police, We know you’re in there.” 
He panics again, 
But this time it's because he knows he’s been caught, 
After over 100 murders, 
Over 15 years, 
And now it was over, 
He slips out his back window, 
And it's now he realizes that, 
The police, 
While good at some things, 
Don't plan well, 
So he runs, 
But less than twenty minutes pass, 
And they have him, 
Handcuffed, 
They load him up, 
And report to HQ, 
News breaks, 
As they pull into the station, 
Two cops step out, 
And proceed to escort him into the station, 
But shots ring out, 
He drops, 
And looks over as one of the officers are wounded, 
The back door bust open, 
As the department comes spilling out, 
Returning fire and killing the gunman, 
Just as they pull him inside, 
They call him a lucky son of a bitch, 
They throw him into a cell, 
And tell him that he doesn't get a phone call, 
Or even rights, 
The judge had all the information he needed, 
Enough DNA evidence,
It's even been signed by the president, 
They tell him, 
And he's going away for life, 
Yea it isn't right but neither is taking the life of countless people, 
So prepare to rot in hell you bastard, 
They say,
Night turns into day, 
And he still sits staring at the bars, 
The guard walks up, 
“Get up you piece of shit. Let’s go.” 
The man listens and walks to the door, 
“Before I unlock this.. Tell me why you did it?”
The man behind bars laughs, 
“Because I get off on the pain and suffering, now open the damn door.”
The guard does so and escorts him to the waiting bus, 
They load up, 
And shackle the man to the bar, 
It's him, 
The bus driver,
And one guard, 
The man sits on the bus, 
And laughs to himself, 
“You know that guard isn't necessary? Right?”
“Why's that?” 
He laughs to himself, 
“I'm not going anywhere..
I don't even have the desire to hide this anymore, 
Why would I it's in the open, 
And they all know what I’ve done, 
Hell even you Mr. Bus Driver know what I’ve done, 
But you can't understand it, 
Can you, 
I can tell by the look on your face, 
You don't understand a bit of it, 
But let me ask you a question, 
Do you have a sister?” 
The bus driver stares, 
But for some reason he actually looks into the mirror, 
There's a look in this man's eyes, 
That can only be described, 
As lust,  
“Yes” the driver says, 
The man laughs, 
“Well I'm going to tell you, 
Why I did what I did, 
You see, 
Picture her face, 
Contorted, 
And twisted, 
With both pain and pleasure, 
As I did the things to her, 
That would make normal people blush, 
Then as she finally reached that height, 
I slit her throat, 
How would that make you feel?” 
The man looked into the mirror and locked eyes, 
With the driver, 
He could see the twisted face, 
And the man leaned back against his seat, 
And smiled, 
“You son of a bitch”
The driver said, 
“Yea I know, it's why I do what I do” 
The driver sped up, 
Wanting this ride to end, 
As soon as possible, 

The hours pass, 
But they arrive, 
He walks to the door, 
And looks back at the driver, 
“Hope I haunt your dreams buddy.. One last thing, 
She tasted so good”
The driver launches out of his seat, 
But he's stopped by the guard, 
As the man steps onto the ground, 
And looks at his new home, 
This place that he didn't realize, 
Would change him, 
He walks through the gate, 
Gives the bus one last look, 
And waves with a smile, 
He walks into the prison, 
That would be his last stop,

25 years later....

He'd made a life for himself, 
The warden, 
His best friend, 
Which offered a life of luxury,
Well to the best of the abilities of a max security prison, 
For the last week, 
He'd even been able to just relax out in the yard, 
All day, 
Something other prisoners couldn't do, 
He loved that, 
But something in his stomach felt wrong,  
But he didn't know what, 
He was laid back on his bed, 
Hearing footsteps, 
He got up expecting to see the warden, 
Coming down to make his morning chat, 
But to his surprise, 
It was the second in command, 
“Howdy Prisoner,” He said, 
“I got a surprise for you...” 
He pulls out keys, 
And unlocks the cell, 
“You see... Your warden friend, 
Isn't coming back, 
And well we really don't like you either, 
So neither are you.” 
The men come from everywhere, 
Beginning to beat on him, 
His vision goes black, 
He hears the men yelling, 
As his last breath leaves his chest,

He opens his eyes, 
And the beach is all around him, 
He rolls over, 
To see the lovely young lady, 
That this whole thing started with, 
But he's confused, 
“What happened?” He asks her, 
“You were dreaming Baby.” She tells him, 
As she wiggles her way into his arms, 
“The Sunset is beautiful.” she tells him.
He knew that this was the moment she had wanted, 
So he asked, 
“Are you ready?”


Gasping For Air

The world you hold in your hands, 
Has come to an end, 
The stories all told, 
The problems all solved, 

Maybe you've learned, 
Then again maybe you haven't, 
There's a general theme here, 
That's strung throughout this work, 

My challenge to you, 
Is to find that link, 
I promise you it's there, 
And it's easier to find then you think, 

The world revolves around words, 
These words strung into stories, 
That tell a lot of what we think, 
Sometimes all too much, 

Everyone has a story to tell, 
Just look through this book, 
These are my stories, 
That I've chosen to share, 

And like a lot of the things I've done, 
I leave you with this question, 
Challenge the known, 
And walk headlong into the darkness, 

Begin writing your own tales, 
And telling your own stories, 
And it's easy to see once you've found what your good at,
Because you will write for hours, 

And eventually the pages will fill, 
Words will flow, 
And the ideas will be your own, 
Thousands of words later you'll have a story, 

That will be all your own, 
These stories will be worth sharing, 
Because by the end of the writings, 
If done correctly, 
I can promise you from writer, 
To reader, 
That the pieces you writing, 
Will leave you gasping for air, 


Afterward: The Nightmares That Live

Now that you've read through this, and hopefully enjoyed at least a few of the things that I had to offer you I'd like to explain a little about where they all came from. First off, I'd like to explain the theme of the entire collection. If you read the forward I mentioned that it was all about people's reactions to certain situations and how it can affect the mind. When I first sat down to write these poems and stories I didn't see any real direct link between them all then after reading a blog post from a fellow writer who mentioned that all collections should include an internal theme throughout I was curious what mine would be, the more I thought about it the more it was completely obvious what direction my writing had taken in the last year and a half or so. 
In this collection there are numerous poems, most of which seemed to come out of nowhere and strike without warning that's how a lot of people end up writing some very good work. However, there are three poems in particular that struck me with real motivation, The first one is “Viral” This was a piece that came to me by complete accident after reading a story about a possible cancer cure that's possibly in the works. I read over the piece a couple of times and my memory started turning, I was looking for a free writing piece for the month at the time and suddenly things just came out and “Viral” was born. It's one of my favorite pieces in this collection. 
Another poem that I wrote that undoubtedly sent some shockwaves through people was “Ghetto Girl” For me after reading it, it gave me chills and I was proud of that fact. I really hope that it did the same for you. I know that it's a hard topic to read about and even to write about. However, after writing “Ghetto Girl” I can say that I was attached to the character like I hadn't really been before and for that I'm happy. 
Finally, of all the poems I've ever written “The Thrill Ride” is without a doubt my favorite. Is it my best? I don't know I'll leave that up for you to decide. However, it is the oldest surviving piece that I have. I wrote it back when I was a sophomore in High School and while it's changed and been rewritten and re-tooled no fewer than six times in the last 6-7 years it's still one of my most historic pieces and I hope that you guys enjoyed reading it if only half as much as I enjoyed writing it. 
Short story wise I am very proud of what I've done and added to this collection. I went a lot of different places while writing the stories and they came from different parts of my mind and soul. In this collection there are stories of evil, stories of love, stories of triumph and tragedy. In all honesty, I can't believe some of the great works that I've managed to turn out while working on this project. 
First off I'd like to talk about “Better Off” this was one of the stories that I wrote from somewhere that I still didn't know existed. In fact it was the first ever love type story that I'd ever written in my life and overall I think it turned out a lot better than my expectations had really thought were possible. I would rank it up there as one of my best works to date. 
The other short story that I'm so proud of was “In Satan We Trust” it was a lot like some of the ideas for full length books, and short story series that I've gotten. It came over me one night and stewed in my head for about a week. I didn't know where I wanted it to go but I knew that I needed to get there and when I finally sat down to write that section of this book I can say that I'm far from disappointed with the outcome. 
Overall for a first collection that started out at around 200 pages I wasn't sure where it would end up but I knew some editing would need to be done. After finishing the editing and in fact what was the first thing I'd ever edited in my life, I'm proud of what is now left. I cut out nearly 40 pages and it was 40 pages of dead weight that ended up making “More Than Memories” the strongest that it could be. 
After this I'm very excited of the projects that will come next, including the short story series that I will be beginning. When I sat down to write the forward and the afterward to this book I made sure to choose titles for them that aptly fit the feel and call that I was going for, as you'll notice that this Afterward's subtitle is, The Nightmares that Live. I picked this title because there's a lot more than what you hold. 
I plan on giving you nightmares for years to come. There's a trunk full of nightmares that I haven't written about, or haven't found yet. The words that aren't spoken or written yet but when they are written I promise that the nightmares you get from them will be well worth the wait. Again, I can't thank you enough for the support. 

Sincerely, 

Kyle Robinson


























































What follows is a brief excerpt from my next release “Life After Dark” the first in a short story series. This an unedited excerpt, I expect this story to be ready for release around December and best of all it will be free, enjoy. 

Life After Dark: Excerpt

Life After Dark


There is blood on my hands. It's nothing new, the blood. What's still lost to me is how it ends up there. That question has haunted my nightmares for over 15 years, that along with many others, but that question even now is no closer to being answered then it was all those years ago. My name is Jake Coreson and my only goal in life is to discover how I end up with all the blood. 
I know this may sound a bit confusing but let me start back at the beginning, back on a rainy October night, it was the night my world began to crumble around me...

****

“Sweetheart, I'm begging you don't go.” Jessica tried to plead with me. 
“I don't want to, but I have to.” I really didn't want to, but there was a piece to be written for the local paper and when your a writer just starting out you have to take what assignments come your way no matter how big or small. 
“Promise me you'll be safe.” Her eyes still pleaded with me but her voice had let up. 
“I'll be fine I swear.” I kissed her and walked out the door. 
The piece I was writing was about a local auction hall that was doing a charity event across town. I headed out into the pouring storm. As I pulled out of the driveway I looked back one last time and saw Jessica watching me through the front window. 
The auction was everything that it promised to be, long, boring, and full of ass kissing politicians trying to make it look like they cared about the city when in reality they were only there to avoid their nagging wives and hide their secrets for a while longer. As the night ended I was approached by a man who introduced himself as Gary McGuiness, he was suave, smart, and a businessman, but I'd never heard of him in any political front. 
“How are you Mr. Coreson?” He asked. 
“I'm alright, just working. Have to put food on the table somehow.” 
“Oh yes, you write for the Highland Star isn't that right?” 
I nodded. 
“I'm a big fan of your work. How long have you been at it?” 
I wasn't sure which direction his question was aimed, “You mean writing or for the paper?” 
“Either or” He said with a laugh. 
“I've been with the paper for 3 years, but I've been writing fiction in my spare time for almost two decades.” 
He chuckled again. “I'm not surprised.” 
“What do you mean?” 
“You see Mr. Coreson, your writing is precisely why I'm here. I have an offer for you.” 
I looked at him perplexed.
“You see Jake, mind if I call you Jake?” 
I shook my head. 
“You see Jake, I've followed the work that you do for the paper here. I feel there's a gift inside you that needs to shine. I'm a co-owner of an online marketing company called McGuiness Enterprises. We have everything from blogs, to commercials, to stories and magazine articles. We've got a huge client base that reaches nearly 1 Million People a month. I've come here offering you a chance to work with us.” 
I stood in shock. 
“You don't have to say anything now, but the job would entail some extensive traveling, you'd have to go certain places to do pieces for the magazines, to write certain post, and things of that nature but you won't have to pay a dime for all travel expenses, we handle all that. Plus you'd be getting a pretty nice payday on top of all that.” 
“How much are we talking about?” I knew he would offer me more then the paper could, but if I was going to be gone for long periods I wanted to make sure that the leave would be worth it. 
“'I'm willing to offer you a retainer fee of $6000 a month. What do you say?” 
My shock deepened into speechlessness I couldn't even move. That was well over triple the amount of money I had been making at the paper for the last two years. It seemed far too good to be true. 
“What's the catch?” 
“No catch Jake, we believe in your talent and we want to pay you for the talent that we know you have. All you have to do is say yes.” 
I thought of Jessica just then, as badly as I wanted to say yes to such an amazing offer, if I was going to be gone that much I needed to make sure that taking this wouldn't upset her. 
“Let me talk to my wife, she'll want to know about this as well. If she's okay with the idea then I'll let you know. Is there any way I can get in touch with you?” 
He reached into the inside of his suit jacket and pulled out a business card. 
“Yes, just give this number a call when you make a decision. I look forward to hearing from you.” 
I looked down at the business card: 

Gary McGuiness 
McGuiness Enterprises

Office: 555-432-2578                                           Cell: 555-321-1258

McGuiness Enterprises: Where our purpose Is to help your dreams become Real

When I looked back up he had slipped through the crowd and was as good as gone.

****

When I rushed home barely noticing the rain that was splashing against my windshield so hard that I could barely see. My mind was running 100 miles an hour it seemed like, I had went to this auction as part of a job and suddenly I was offered a job. I couldn't express the joy that I felt, though in my head none of it would matter if Jessica didn't want me to go. I went through the door and directly to the living room. 
“Baby, you'll never guess what happened tonight.”
She looked at me waiting. 
“I was offered a job, a man named Gary McGuiness offered me a writing job. I'd be making almost 80 grand a year just to write.” 
She sat in shock for a moment, she didn't know what to say. Finally when it processed through her head she spoke.





About The Author

Kyle Robinson has been writing for 11 years, everything from poetry to paranormal stories. He lives in the heartland of Missouri with his Girlfriend Elizabeth Butler. He is an avid social media ambassador and loves to connect with friends and fans alike. 


Connect With Kyle Robinson

I'd like to offer a chance to connect with you via Social Media. You can find me on Facebook @ www.facebook.com/OfficialKyleRobinson on twitter @krobwritings and at the official website: www.tinyurl.com/robinsonswritings 
