
COINCIDENCE THEORY
By
Steven Allinson
-

Copyright Steven Allinson 2012
 
All Rights Reserved
 
-
 
Published by Ophidian Books at Smashwords 






Chapter 1


A swirl of wind languished across the parched sands of the Egyptian desert. The microscopic remains of countless creatures, which flourished in the mild seas that once covered these lands, dusted around the lone traveller as he staggered across the heavy dunes toward his goal.
In every way it was possible to be, Amjad was scared. His short, muscular frame shook with the exertions of the past few days and his rough, tool-worn hands were covered in the scars of repeated, violent encounters. 
Amjad stumbled across the wastes, tumbling once before righting clumsily, as he willed himself onward. He would not be stopped this day. Not now. Not after so much was completed in the name of his task. 
Amjad’s thoughts turned to his wife and children. How he wished he could hold them. He could still see the tears flowing down their beautiful faces as the Pharaoh’s men came and punished them for his transgressions. That one moment, more than any other reason he now held, drove him on. If they were lost to him, as the wound on his neck now told him they were, he would finish what he started. Only upon his labour’s finality would he and his bloodline be given the peace and reverence his new God promised.
The next dune rose before Amjad and blotted out the sun. Its sheer crest and dusty peak seemed to grow as he fought his way up its unsure slope. As he climbed, the air began to swell and the fine silt that once pelted his legs now danced from the surface and spiralled upward. The wind was changing. With a sense of deep foreboding, he instinctively knew a sandstorm was approaching. 
Amjad turned and stared into the shimmering distance, ripping the wound on his neck open and precipitating another issuance of blood down his chest. Clasping the laceration, he prayed his pursuant was far behind him, lost to the furious desert storm now heading his way.
He tore another strip of fabric from his vestments and did his best to cleanse the rough material of sand. He placed the makeshift bandage against the wound, as the tingle of remaining salt sent a wave of pain through his faltering body.
A few days hence, Amjad was but a simple stonemason. He learnt his trade from his father, and he from his. They were renowned in the area and treated as masters of their art. He was selected to create some of the most intricate and subtle works of his new Pharaoh, a privilege that would follow his progeny for all time. 
When he was young, Amjad and his father worked at the old quarry on the edge of the plateau. One day, after completing his first foundation stone, his father turned from his own work to make the final inspection. The heat coalesced in that airless pit was extraordinary that day, as it had been for many years since. He watched as his father crouched down and carefully scrutinised his work. The rounded disc of stone Amjad had produced was not grand, but it was the most important part of a new pillar in the Great City of Mit Rahina. It needed to be exact. He could remember his worry, as his father circled the large rock, his buffing stone still clasped in his warped fingers, searching for even the most minor of imperfections. The joy he felt as his father rose, a beaming smile spread far over his face, was one of the keenest memories he held. The stone was perfect. It was the day he, Amjad son of Amut, became a man in his own right.
That evening, as he, his father, and the other masons celebrated his coming of age, a conversation started that would change his life forever. 
Amjad’s father, partially inebriated by wine, slurred out a message about a secret the men of his household held. He refused to divulge more at the time, but said that all would become clear soon. However, that day never came.
His father died after the harvest. A graze, no more than a shallow cut caused by a copper chisel, became infested with the rotting green. The speed at which the foul illness spread throughout his father’s stout frame was shocking. Only seven days after the nick appeared he was bedridden. A few days later, his father could not swallow. Until, one cold evening, his father, the man he looked up to for guidance more than any other, began his journey into the afterlife.
The reasons for the strange conversation he and his father shared never registered until the day after his burial. Sitting alone, crying as he adorned the simple tomb with details of his achievements in the quiet of their family’s simple pirjyt, Amjad stumbled upon the work of his grandfather. 
The drawings that lay around his grandfather’s resting place were delicate; thinly drawn lines on thick reed parchment. The pictures were descriptive, markers for ideas that could not be fully rationalised.
On the sheet was a drawing of the Great Monument; the immense pyramid supposedly built by one of the first kings of his great land. However, the image showed more. It seemed to depict a series of corridors, fanning throughout its interior, interlinking a collection of chambers. Next to each, a symbol, not unlike the writings he had transposed many times onto burial stones, rested by the chamber’s side, not written as they would be for death. They seemed specifically positioned as if to show association, but to what Amjad could not be sure.
Amjad stared, uncertain of what he was looking at, but knowing some small part of his father’s secret had been uncovered.
Driven by a need to discover the truth behind the images, Amjad spent many hours talking to the other artisans and their sons about their efforts upon the Great Monument. Until eventually, after months of painstaking work, the information began to resolve. 
With everything he needed in order to finish the work collected, Amjad began to carve miniature representations of the stones he knew were constructed, until, not long ago whilst working in the late evening twilight, he finally finished the last. 
Amjad could remember how, with trembling hands, he placed the three objects into the casket and set the last of the larger blocks over the chamber. It was only then he realised what his father had concealed from him, the thought that beset him a mixture of elation and deep sadness.
Amjad shook the thoughts from his mind. What had happened before was now only memory. To honour his father and secure his family’s place in the Duat, he must focus on the here and now.
Reaching the top of a dune, Amjad looked out across the endless sands towards his destination. Even in the failing light of day, he could see the Great Monuments looming on the horizon. 
Amjad reached out to the pouch that hung across his shoulder and felt through to the objects that lay within. Collecting them was far more difficult than he could have imagined, but the deed was done. Feeling warmth as he made contact, he relaxed, safe in the knowledge that their retrieval and delivery was almost assured.
In his travels, he had retrieved these three ancient artefacts from some of the most glorious edifices ever created by man’s hands.
The first, a majestic golden staff, he recovered from the priests of Iunu. The temple complex they inhabited, his land’s most holy place. He did not want to injure the men, but they would not give him what he needed. He had no choice. He had never killed anyone before, and the feeling it gave him to recall their passing chilled him to his core.
Retrieving the second artefact was easier. The impossibly detailed carving of the snake’s head was stored in a box at the back of the temple of Ra in the great city. After causing a distraction, he slipped in unnoticed; the ureaus removed before anyone became aware, or that was what he believed.
Arriving at the pyramid at Meidum to recover the third artefact, he met a woman from a land more distant than any he knew. They spoke for hours, her voice so soothing he felt sure he would drift into sleep just listening to her. Eventually, he summoned enough courage to press his point and she reluctantly agreed to take him to the Al-Fayoum oasis to meet the man who possessed what he required.
The man they found by the edges of the still lake was older than he could imagine possible. Shock-white hair trailed down from his brow, almost to his knees, and the lines and furrows of his face were extensive. He talked in a crackled whisper, the woman only ever calling him by a strange title, The Seer.
The pair talked throughout most of the morning, gossiping and laughing about numerous trivialities. He did not have time to waste with their discussions; he needed what the Seer carried. 
Distracted by their banal banter, the pair never noticed Amjad retrieve the small bag of creamy powder from his pouch. Not knowing how much to use, he poured all of what he had been given into the jug of wine they shared, and then waited. Two gulps later, both the Seer and the woman’s limp forms lay sprawled out over the rug, a bubbling froth issuing from their cracked lips. Not wanting to witness their ends, he took what he needed and slipped out of the back of the tent to avoid the pair’s entourage. It was then he was struck to the ground.
Amjad’s assailant was a bodyguard of the Pharaoh, a powerful and frightening man, with a lithe, muscular body and a fear-inducing bravado.
Amjad could still feel the cruel edge of the blade as it was pulled from his neck, his cries of panic alerting the guards busying themselves outside the tents.
Making haste whilst his attacker toiled under their onslaught, he untied the horses in the camp, jumping on the back of one and shooing the others into the distance.
Doing everything he could to stem the flow of blood from his neck, he watched in horror as his pursuant began to carve his way through the men in the camp with ease. 
Amjad scanned his environs for shelter, as the first howl of the approaching sandstorm fired his urgency. Peering into the distance, he spied a boulder, a rough outcrop of rock that lay on the far edge of a sandstone bluff. If he could reach it, it would protect him and his precious cargo from the storm.
How he wished he still had that horse. The beast would have covered the distance in no time. He regretted pushing it so hard this morning. He regretted not stopping and giving it a rest or any of his water. However, he could spend time regretting a great many things, but none of it would save him. Only he could do that now.
Tortured moments passed, as the distant sound turned into a great roar, which snarled at his heels. His heart pounded and his body shook violently as he fought his fear. He would not turn back. He could not.
As Amjad jogged down the last dune before the bluff, his sanctuary became visible. The rock was curved, etched by the abrasive desert sands. At its foot was a low overhang, a shelf no more than a knee’s length from the ground and an arm’s length deep. 
Removing his sleeping roll from his back and wrapping the thick material around his torso, Amjad flung himself into the space.
He could hear the sand begin to spatter against his back, as he curled into a ball and pressed the material tightly against the rock to preserve his breathing space. 
Praying to his new God for deliverance, Amjad steeled himself for the onslaught. If he could survive this, his great mission and all the works of his family would be but a fleeting moment from completion. 





Chapter 2


A failing fluorescent tube flickered, spraying flashes of light across the surface of a cup of coffee, as its owner stirred the thick liquid and absently gazed out of the window of the café. 
Colonel Christopher Martin watched as cars drifted by in the outside world and attempted to stretch the knots out of his tired neck. It had been a long night. Yet here, pouring over the personnel files of the individuals who worked at his newly assigned base, he knew the day could be even longer.
Chris was a physically imposing man, who’s twenty years of military service showed in every one of his chiselled features. 
Chris began his career as a sniper; his skill with the ballistic art evident from the first time he held a rifle. Over time, his other abilities came to the fore and he found himself quickly promoted through the ranks, until finally being given his latest role as an infiltrator; a branch of forward reconnaissance whose purpose was to scout enemy fortifications and disrupt supply lines before engagements. 
It was during those years, many of them spent alone in some of the worst territory on the planet that Chris’ tainted love affair with death began to dwindle. 
Iraq, Palestine, Venezuela, Zimbabwe, Nigeria, Pakistan, Afghanistan, and Mozambique; Chris had been to all of them. In every one, the goal of the mission had been different, but the inevitability of his task never changed.
As an infiltrator, close combat was frequently the order of the day and those encounters, as Chris wearily began to find out, had a way of degrading the soul. 
Firing a shot from distance, gave kills an air of the dreamlike. He often thought it no more real than a video game, the people seen as though through a screen. Killing someone up close was different. Delivering the wretched stench of someone’s innards into the light of day may look cool in a movie, but it was a pitiable horror to witness someone beg for their life first-hand. He was sure, somewhere deep inside a small part of his humanity was lost with every life he took. 
As Chris’ superiors often told him, there was no doubting he was good at his job. His problem however, was that he was increasingly sure his job was no longer good for him.
Therefore, only recently, he informed his superiors of his decision to move away from the active theatres of war and put out his feelers. 
Chris was quickly rewarded with the offer of a civilian assignment. At first, the task seemed simple enough; to babysit a group of scientists working on ancient artefacts dug up from the sands of the Iraq. However, when his superiors asked him to determine if the objects could be weapons, his interest was piqued. 
Reading the research overview, Chris discovered that when the artefacts were removed from the tomb in Iraq, the recovering archaeologists experienced what was later described as effects similar to radiation sickness. He now knew the injuries suffered were what originally highlighted their destructive potential to the military hierarchy. 
Chris yawned, swallowing another mouthful of coffee, and turned his attention back to the stack of files on the table. After spending a few minutes re-familiarising himself with the base’s schematics, he looked down at the first bio and opened the coversheet. He should have completed this task last night, but preparations overran, as often they do, and he found himself deep in the bowels of planning until early morning. Now, sitting in this small café only a few miles from his new base, he was playing catch up.
Professor David Edwards was the lead researcher of the base and was looking after investigations into the artefact simply designated as ‘one’. His bio detailed a prestigious academic career and an equally impressive fifteen years of service to various government bodies. He had curly, greying hair and sported neat, expensive-looking glasses that showed off his stern, authoritative stare. He was listed as single, and although nearly into his sixties, the photo showed a man who did not look a day over fifty. 
The next two bios were those of the researchers into artefact two, Professor Harry Linley and Doctor Frank Geffers. Their photos showed men wearing tweed jackets and woolly jumpers. If he had to guess, he would assume that leather, stitched-on patches were also to be found somewhere about their person. Nerds. Some nerds were cool, but some were not. Not wanting to tempt fate, it would be his business to attempt to have only the briefest of contact with them.
Chris’ mood picked up when he looked at the bios for artefact three’s researchers. Lieutenant Steven Golding was a distinguished military field surgeon who also held a PhD in archaeology.  It was pleasing for Chris to note that there would be someone versed in military protocol when he arrived. However, it was Steven’s assistant that really caught the eye. 
Doctor Louisa Marshall was an expert in radio carbon dating and forensic analysis techniques. She was the base’s medical officer, and at only twenty-eight was the youngest member of research team by some distance. She was tall, refined, and wore her hair in long, blonde curls. He smiled. He would definitely enjoy meeting her. 
Chris flipped over the last bio and looked at the name on the cover, Private Justin McDonald. This was to be his assistant. He was a slip of a man, barely into his twenties. After qualifying with a first from Cambridge, he became a fast track army scientist with a speciality in computers. At nearly six two, Justin could not have weighed more than twelve stone and the bones of his face poked against his pale skin. Chris disliked raw recruits. He knew the army needed a constant influx of fresh meat, but he had spent so long alone that working with anyone filled him with dread. Hopefully, Justin would be a man who took orders well, and would kindly stay out of his way.
Chris gulped the last vestiges of his coffee and prised himself from his chair, before making his way to his car. 
His newly assigned office was built in the late eighties. Most people looking at the building from the road would be unaware of the secrets that lay within its corridors, as unassuming as it was. It had four aboveground levels of labs, mostly rented out to science teams affiliated with, but not part of, the MOD. Underneath that, it had eight, belowground levels of secure projects split into four twin-level bases. His new assignment resided in the very bottom two.
Chris had seen this type of setup before. The people in the labs would be renting the building at a cheap rate from the MOD. They would be the front; the cover for what went on below. Plausible deniability was always key. If anyone asked, or even turned up at the front desk to find out what was going on, no one in the top four levels would know anything about the subterranean complex. 
After only a few minutes travel, he drove down the long, arcing driveway that separated his base from the road and into its underground car park.
After waiting for the service lift to arrive and descend, he stepped out into the sterile air of his new home. 
Immediately in front of him, through the base’s particle filtration barriers, an empty bank of computer consoles lit up the dank interior, but nothing else moved.
Chris checked his watch. It was half past seven. Surely the base could not be unmanned at this hour?
After passing through the filters with a familiar whoosh of air, he strode beyond the empty desk to an intersection. Peering down each dimly lit corridor, he strained to see anything. Trying to reason what was happening he walked back to the computers. 
Entering his logon details into an unlocked console, Chris scanned to the security access screen and placed his request to know who was on site. A few moments later, a screen popped up telling him that the service he was attempting to access was off-line and that he should try again later. Great. He hated computers enough when they worked.
He thought for a moment and tried a different system; the security camera feeds. His screen displayed a message about partial availability due to on-going purge activity, but he ignored it and requested access to the live data.
Chris knew the base was like a noughts and crosses board, with a main meeting room in the centre square of the top level and a canteen in the same spot below. Spread around the other squares in the uppermost level, were the base’s labs and diagnostic equipment. Underneath them, Gyms, sleeping areas and a large computer hall were located. From his memory of the layout, he decided as his starting point to cycle through each of the base’s labs in order before moving downstairs.
Chris did not mind the thought of the base’s personnel being in the canteen, or even the gym. What he could not tolerate was that they were down there and the front desk was unmanned. Protocol, even in a secure lab, was protocol. If he found McDonald down there, the young man would get an ear bashing he would never forget.
The computer issued a ping to state the feeds were ready, and Chris reached over and began to flip through them.
The very first video stopped him in his tracks. There, lying on the floor of lab one, was a body. A pool of blood, perhaps four feet across surrounded a man. As he used the controls to zoom in, he realised it was one of the people from the base, Doctor Frank Geffers.
Geffers’ body was slumped forward from his chair, clearly assaulted from behind as he worked. A large mush in the back of his skull, maybe six inches across, oozed blood onto the floor and a few feet from the body, a fire extinguisher lay on its side. He would not have to look far for the murder weapon.
Chris’ heart was beating fast, his senses ramping up into a state of full alert. The base was breached.
Closing the feeds and returning to the main security screen, he attempted an emergency lockdown of the base. Nothing. Infuriated, he tried again. Still nothing. What was happening to the damn computers?
Without time to find out, he reached into his pocket and retrieved his mobile phone. No signal.
As he tried to calm himself and reason what move he should make next, a series of gunshots echoed out. Whatever was going on in here, it was still in progress.






Chapter 3


A bodyguard of the Pharaoh made his way down a dune, securing his bow across his shoulder and buttoning his quiver. 
J’tan moved with all the grace his years of training gave him, which was some feat today. His right thigh was heavily bandaged, blood trickling from the wound beneath and trailing down to his ankles. 
J’tan had been in the employ of the Pharaoh since he was a boy. His position gave his family great respect and was one he excelled at. He was head of the Pharaoh’s bodyguard and trained to a military standard most men could not match. He was a skilled hunter, lethal with bow, knife, spear, and sword. 
The position became J’tan’s after his teacher and mentor, the fearsome warrior Yashu, was exiled after the death of his master. 
J’tan’s new master, the exalted Pharaoh Smenkhkare chose him above all others to be his new chief protector. It was one of the proudest days in his life. 
He jumped at his first task with barely restrained eagerness, organising the moving the capital back to its rightful place by the holy land of Iunu and helping to begin the process of reinstating the temples of the gods.
The previous king, the first Pharaoh Akhenaten, decreed that all other gods were not to be worshipped upon pain of death. Across the land, temples to Ra, Sobek, Ptah, and even his own guiding light Horus were closed; much to the fevered disquiet of the populace. All this the Pharaoh did in his quest to make the people worship his new god, the so-called ‘one true god’, the Aten. Part of that edict saw the capital moved to Akhetaten, far down the crystal blue waters of Iteru, the mother river. 
Restoring the temples gave J’tan a sense of fulfilment. When he was young, all he ever wanted to be was a priest. However, his lowly caste did not allow it. His only choice was to become part of the Pharaoh’s bodyguard and hope one day to oversee the protection of the holy temples at Iunu. However, Akhenaten put paid to that. Re-opening what was once closed brought him as close to his dreams as he would ever get. Now they were shattered. It was the price of rebellion.
J’tan turned and reached out a hand as he strode across the top of the dune, assisting his strangely beautiful companion Samali over the crest.
Samali was a good head and shoulders shorter than he, and her long, black hair, was knotted into a taught bun on the back of her head and held in place with strangely adorned sticks. Her features were slight and flat, and her face rounded, belying her age and giving her an attractiveness that radiated from her fierce green eyes and out across her unusual, yellowish skin.
Just this morning, whilst tracking the mason around the immense Atef-Pehu oasis, he found her. She was laid in a tent, all colour drained from her, as still as the night sands. To all the hosts of gods she looked to have passed beyond the great seal and begun her journey across the rivers below this firmament to her afterlife. 
After attempting to prevent the escape of his quarry, and the ensuing battle with the guards that led to his current state of physical disrepair, she miraculously appeared at his side. Her ability with the herbs of the field was impressive. Soon his injuries were clean and he was saved from the horrors of the decaying rot that would have festered there.
As she tended his injuries, they talked. Her soft, rounded words flowed like music to his ears and he found himself telling her everything that transpired to bring him to her.
A few days ago, J’tan finished his daily training of the initiates and made his way to see an old friend at the temple of Horus in Iunu. He found his friend by the edge of the offering table, his face covered in boils and pustules. His chest bore the marks of repeated stab wounds, and his skin was drawn so tight over his bones he looked to have aged at least ten summers. There was little he could do but listen as his friend gargled out his last words. 
The staff of the Zep-Tepi, one of the three gifts the gods of the First Time left to the people of the lands, had been stolen. With his last breath, J’tan’s friend begged him to retrieve it. He said the mason was attempting to gather all the artefacts of the First Time, and with them, he would hold the power of the gods themselves.
He sat, cradling his friend’s head and taking away his fear as he crossed over, bowing his head in prayer as the light finally dissipated from his eyes. 
Before J’tan could begin his search, the guards of Iunu challenged him. They stood in the entrance of the massive temple, telling him to disarm and come with them as they began to circle. It was clear they thought he was responsible; and what reason did they have to think otherwise? He had no choice. To help his friend he could not allow himself to be captured, but to flee would set in stone his guilt in their eyes.
With no options, he thought back to the teachings of his mentor. Live for others as you would live for yourself. In that one thought, his rebellion was assured.
As Samali stroked the aches from his muscles and carefully applied her strange salve to his wounds, J’tan realised he would have told her anything. Her presence was delirious intoxication.
For her part, Samali told him about how the mason came to her at the pyramid of Meidum and about how she foolishly led him to Atef-Pehu to meet a man she only knew as The Seer. She was unsure as to what happened next, but when she awoke, both The Seer and the mason were gone.
It did not take J’tan long to figure out what occurred. The jar of wine the three shared was tipped on the rug in the tent. Around its edges, where the harsh sun dried the pungent liquid, a fine dust remained. He recognised it immediately. It was an extract made from the Pillious plant; a mixture the Mycenae traders called Mandrake. From the quantity left behind, it was not a dose intended to stupefy, but to corrupt. One mouthful should have been sufficient to kill. 
Samali could give no explanation. She had drunk of the wine and so had The Seer. It made no sense. Neither of them should have survived. 
As J’tan looked out across the shimmering wastes, he knew their time was short. A massive sandstorm, one of many that frequented the skies in the wake of the droughts that plagued his lands for so many seasons, hurtled across the horizon towards them. They must find a place to hide from its might.
Across the desert to their side lay a bluff of rocks that stretched into the distance. It was partially covered by massive dunes, which piled atop the ancient stones like a blanket. They may not make the safety they sought there, but it was their only hope. 
Scrambling for all they were worth, they hurried across the ground toward the closest section and began to climb, as silt lashed at their skin. By the time they reached a high shelf on the rocks, the ferocity of the winds was making footing difficult.
Spying a cave, J’tan grabbed Samali and hurled her through the mouth, before darting inside the small space after her. 
Panting hard and coated in a thick paste of sand and sweat, they lay on the floor and shared a smile. They were safe, for now.
 





Chapter 4


Chris ran down the sterile corridors of the base as fast as he could. Even though he only heard the muffled peal, he could still determine the likely source of the noise. 
Chris’ ability with acoustics was legendary in the forces. It was his main ally on his many missions. Most people could tell the directions sounds came from, and some could even guess the source to within a few feet. However, over the years Chris had learned to be capable of much more. Staring wide-eyed at a distant target for hours induced a monotony of thought that many fought to overcome, but not he. In those quiet times, he trained himself to pick out everything. From the unique sounds made by the rustling leaves of different trees, to the way sand shifted when walked on by diverse types of animal, he found he could discern any of them from distance. He was so good that he could even listen to multiple conversations at once in crowded stations and bars. 
Chris concentrated on what his ears were telling him. The gunshot echoed three times, with the second and third echo repeatedly muffled by something sound deadening. Stairs. Acting as a makeshift baffle, the lip of each step would take the energy from the sound waves, and the stairwell would create its own feedback. There was no doubt. The shots came from downstairs. Moreover, they came from outside a room generating its own white noise, which added to the dispersal. That left him just one possible location as the logical source.
Tearing through the base and scrambling round a final corner, he squealed to a halt on the tiled floor, as a macabre scene outside the main computer hall greeted his view.
In the corridor were three of the base’s personnel. Doctor Louisa Marshall and Private Justin McDonald crouched to either side of the fallen form of Lieutenant Steven Golding.
Golding’s body still twitched sporadically, as the remainder of his nerve endings received their final commands from his blasted cranium.
Chris had no idea who or what was going on and that meant containment was crucial. To do that, he needed information. Glancing at Louisa and Justin, he felt reassured by how they were dealing with such a grim situation.
Justin was apprehensive about the body. It was clear he had never seen a dead man before. In other circumstances that could be a problem. However, it was clear it was not a major one. The young man had not thrown up, which was invariably a good sign. His eyes were narrowed, his brain instinctively cutting out as much light as it needed to diminish his emotional response.
Louisa was slumped against the wall, tears streaking her face. She worked with Golding and so the reaction was typical, but no sounds were issuing from her lips. That was troublesome. Producing no sounds was a natural reaction to a situation when you still felt in danger. That meant the shooter was still here. Luckily, it appeared there was no loss of colouration to her cheeks; dead bodies were something she had seen before. If a gunman were still present, her calm in the face of death would be invaluable.
Chris reached behind his jacket and removed his Beretta from its holster, holding up his palm. “I’m not here to harm. My name’s Colonel Martin.” he said, his words whispered and measured. “What’s our status, private?”
“We have one shooter in the room. Three rounds fired as we opened the door.” said Justin, a tense look streaked across his face.
“Who’s in the room?” said Chris, noting the unwavering response.
“Michael Howarth and Tom Jenkins; our specialist tech support. They’ve been on-site since about midnight, assisting with our system instability issues.”
Chris looked into the dimly lit computer hall, but could see no one. However, from the spray pattern around Lieutenant Golding, he could tell that the shooter was behind and to the left of the doorway. 
He knew what he was about to do was going to be messy, but it was necessary. He looked down at Louisa and pressed a finger to his lips, as he slowly raised himself onto his haunches. Re-curling his fingers round his gun, he prepared himself. He rolled back slightly and tightened each muscle in his powerful frame, before releasing everything in one action. 
Chris flew along the corridor, landing with his chest puffed out. The thick mixture of brain matter, blood, and bone fragments spattered his face and hands, as he slid into the room. He focussed on the upcoming moment. Timing would be everything.
As Chris’ momentum pushed him forward, he instantly saw his target. The lean form of a man hunched behind the body of another, about eight feet to the left of the entrance. It was obvious that the man to the front recently met the same fate as Lieutenant Golding, blood covering him from head to foot. The man to the rear was using his body as a shield, balancing his pistol on his dead colleague’s shoulder. Both men were young, probably not even twenty. It was distasteful to think one had killed the other.
Before the man could react, Chris fired. His bullet ripped its way through the soft flesh and tendons that lined the man’s right shoulder, making him release his gun and fall back. 
As he hit the floor, Chris rose to his feet and stood over him. “Something tells me your day’s about to turn real sour, boy!” he said, driving his boot against the fresh wound.
“Like it matters.” said the man, as he writhed on the blood-stained floor. 
“You’re in no position to be cracking jokes, my friend.” Chris said, as he knelt above him, holding the gun to his face. 
The man gargled a laugh, spraying spit and blood. 
Chris grabbed his shoulder and stood him up, digging his thumb as far into the open wound as he could. “I can feel it in there.” he said, nudging the back end of the bullet. “Now am I going to get your co-operation, or am I going to have to get nasty?”
“It doesn’t matter what you do now.” the man said, in tears with the pain. “Kill me if you want. You’re all dead. I’ve finished.” 
“Finished what?” Chris said, moving his face close. 
“Dead!”
The man’s pupils were widening fast, his breathing laboured, and his mouth frothed blood with every failing attempt for air. It was obvious his malady was not simply the result of the damage caused by the slug. 
“Doctor Marshall!” Chris said, allowing the man to fall gently to the floor. “Get in here now!”
It took a few moments for Louisa’s head to appear round the doorway. “Colonel? You’re ok?”
“I’m fine. However, our friend here has taken some kind of suicide pill and is about to meet his maker. I need him alive. See what you can do.” 
Chris stood, leaving the barely conscious youth to be tended and looked around. He had no more time to waste.
The server room was about twenty feet square and lined by banks of computers in tall, glass cabinets. Four of the cabinet doors were open and the retractable keyboards out, as if recently operated. 
Chris scanned the far wall where blood covered a solitary console, the screen above it filled with coloured bands changing from blue, to amber, to green, to red. 
“Private, I need you too.” said Chris, unsure what to make of the images.
Justin cautiously tiptoed into the room and did his best to quell his revulsion at the scene greeting him. “What’s the matter colonel?”
“With Jenkins no longer able to help us, I need you to tell me what’s going on in here. I also need you to explain whatever it is that has started on this machine.” Chris said, as he motioned to the server on the far wall.
“This is a low-level format screen.” said Justin, deftly stopping the process continuing.
“How much of the data has gone?”
“It’s hard to tell for sure, but it was over half complete. I would have to move the affected drives to another server and try to recover the data to give you a definite answer Colonel.”
Chris was impressed by the way Justin was handling himself. If this really was his first time in this kind of situation, his resolve to continue his duty was remarkable. For the second time in as many minutes, he made another mental note. McDonald could be an asset after all.
 “Do it.” said Chris, with an appreciative nod. “I also need you to find out if anything has been tampered with. He said he’d finished something, I can’t assume that this was what he was talking about if it wasn’t complete. I need you to find out what he has done. What does that server control?”
“It’s the storage database for the CCTV and video files.”
“Thanks private. Carry on.” Chris said, as he wiped his hands together in a pathetic attempt to clean them. “Can you tell me who else is in the base?”
“Just us three and Professor Edwards.” said Justin, without turning from the screen.
“Are you certain of that?”
“I am colonel. Security access is limited to a single, pass-card entrant at a time. The system cannot be circumvented. The only people here are the people whom the system would allow in.”
The certainty in the response was impressive. Without wanting to disturb the young private further, Chris turned his attention back to Louisa. “So what happened to Geffers?” 
“Doctor Geffers is dead, just like Howarth.” said Louisa, her shoulders sagging as she stepped away from the lifeless body at her feet. “He was found in his lab ten minutes ago by Professor Edwards. We were on our way here to check the video records when Steven was shot.”
Chris caught the look of desolation that was spread across Louisa’s face and realised he needed to maintain control of the situation or risk losing these people to crisis induced lethargy. Too many times, he had seen perfectly able individuals turn to sloths as soon as things started going against their expectations. He knew it was a form of mental defence. It stemmed from a stark acceptance of fate that drained individuals of the will to continue. However, to get ahead of the situation, action was required. 
“Then here’s what I need you to do.” Chris said, putting as much confidence into his tone as he could. “Justin will remain here and recover that data. If it was important enough to try to delete the video record, it’s important enough to rescue. I want it brought with us if necessary. Louisa, I need you to find Professor Edwards and gather everything of value together from this base, including the artefacts. This facility is compromised, nothing’s safe here anymore. Meet me in the main briefing room in twenty minutes.”
“What about you, colonel?” asked Justin.
“I’m going to make sure that we have the right level of response available on the surface when we get out of here. I’ll find an office with a phone, make a few calls, and be right with you. You have your orders people.” 
As Chris picked his way down the spattered corridor, he scowled. He could not be certain of anything at this point, but the timing of his arrival and the events occurring at the base could surely not be a coincidence.






Chapter 5


Malcolm Geedy replaced his gun in its holster and moved a body across the bathroom of the small house. Resting it against the toilet so the blood still pouring from the skull could be easily contained, he rubbed his eyes and strained to quell his emotions. How had life come to this?
Malcolm was a military policeman, as was the man at his feet. They worked together for six years. Sean Davidson was a friend. A man he trusted. However, his choices and his gun ended all that.
For years, Malcolm hid a secret. He was a gambler, and not a very good one. His total debts at the start of the year amounted to more than his house was worth. He was in deep, and the vultures who lent him the money would not take later for an answer anymore.
In a fit of self-loathing, he had gone on one last bender. A night to end all nights before his wife found out what he had done, and he lost everything. It was late on that fateful evening when he met the man who would set him on his current path.
As Malcolm staggered down the back streets of Norwich, stumbling to find any purveyor of alcohol still open, a limo pulled up at his side. The man who strode from the vehicle was well dressed, and knew Malcolm by name. He thought it was one of them, come for their money. How wrong he was.
Ushered into the limo and handed a glass of champagne, the man proceeded to offer to pay off Malcolm’s debt in return for a few favours.
It was a strange conversation. Malcolm slurred, the man continued to top up his glass, and all the while, a peculiar figure in what looked like a monk’s outfit sat on the wide back seat with them and said nothing.
He had no options. Three hundred grand was not going to materialise any other way. He had to accept.
True to their word, the debt was paid, a burner phone was promptly delivered so their communications could be secure, and his bank account soon filled with additional funds.
At first, their requests were simple enough. Copies of personnel files, schematics for some base, details on psych evaluations undertaken; the information was only slightly more than could be found online.
That was of course, until yesterday. 
Rung with urgency, he was ordered to get to the house of one of the men he had provided information about, Professor Harry Linley. He challenged the request, but they pushed their point. He worked for them. His was not to challenge, but to obey. 
Malcolm swallowed hard as he listened to what he must do next, the details making him realise he was now in the employ of people far worse than loan sharks. He knew their threats were not idle ones. If he refused to do as asked, his family would die. Once again, he had no choice.
When he arrived at Professor Linley’s house, he was shaking. He could not believe they would force him to do this. Nevertheless, do it he must.
After he was done, Davidson arrived. Somehow, a message reached the military police about Linley’s life being in danger. If Davidson continued his investigation, someone would eventually work out he was involved. After all he had been through, he could not allow that to happen.
Turned as he examined the body, Davidson did not see Malcolm hold out his gun. He did not see him struggle to calm his shaking hand as tears began to flow down his cheeks. He did not see him slowly pull the trigger back, scrunching his eyes tight to distance himself from the act. Finally, Sean Davidson, a man who had lent him money when he was struggling and even babysat his children on occasion saw nothing ever again.
Calming himself as best he could, Malcolm reached into his pocket for his burner phone. After a few moments, a recognizable voice answered. “We’ve got a situation.” he said, responding to the voice’s questions. “I’ve had to kill Davidson. He was about to call in the coroner to examine Linley’s body.” 
Malcolm held the handset away from his ear, as the volume of response increased. 
“I can only re-state what Linley told me; nothing.” Malcolm said, almost pleading. “I am certain he was telling the truth when he said he acted alone. People tend not to lie when you’re holding a power drill to their ear.”
There was a long, distasteful pause before the man spoke again. 
“Yes, of course. He’ll be taking care of the situation on site now.” Malcolm said, attempting to placate the growing ire on the other end of the line. “It might not be as simple as that. I’m almost certain Linley knew what he was looking for. I have no idea how.” He concentrated hard, ensuring he captured every shred of information from the response. “I’m listening sir, go on.” 
The last thing that went through Malcolm’s mind was the screen of his phone, as the modified unit exploded in his hand.

-

Thirty miles away, from a limo parked by the side of a disused road, another call was made. This time there would be no mistakes.
 





Chapter 6


Amjad awoke after the storm, buried on all sides by sand. He moved his hands and frantically began to dig, desperately trying to find a way out of his prison. As he struggled, his bedroll protector caved and sand rushed round his face. He managed to bring his feet up to the stone and pushed hard, frenziedly clawing at the silt above his head. He knew he did not have much time and used every ounce of strength he could muster to make agonizing progress. 
When Amjad was a child, he foolishly played by the side of a well in the Great City. Hopping from the ground to the low wall that encompassed the deep shaft, he lost his footing and fell. He plummeted for what seemed an eternity, before hitting the chilling waters hard; momentarily stopping his heart and forcing the air from his lungs. The panic of those first few moments, as he desperately tried to stay afloat until his friends could raise the alarm, would be forever seared into his memory. 
As the sand began to fill Amjad’s nostrils and burn his eyes, the same dreadful feelings returned. Redoubling his efforts, he clawed as hard as he could through the slowly heating sand, until a gust of wind on his fingertips told him the surface was reached.
A short while later, exhausted and coughing, Amjad lay in the late evening sun. Ignoring the shooting pain in his chest, he began to laugh. His new god had saved him.
Not four days hence had he set about his task. On the day he returned to find Pharaoh’s bodyguard searching his house, he was working on the pillars of a temple at the stone yard. His wife and children were outside in the street, kneeling together in a huddle and crying as pot after pot was thrown out of their dwelling. 
It was the day he was hauled before the Pharaoh. The day his pursuant took away his family and incarcerated them deep in the Great Palace; smashing his pride like the remnants of the jars that lay scattered in the street. It was the first time he realised the folly of his actions. Little did he know then, it was to be the beginning of his journey, not the end.
People told him all his life that to look upon the Pharaoh was to look upon the gods themselves. As he was hauled through the majestic palace, resplendent in vibrant colours and artisanship so delicate it made the small hairs on the back of his neck stand on end to gaze upon, he wondered what his first glance of a god would look like. He was startled by what he saw. 
Pharaoh Smenkhkare was a tall, slender, and yet muscular man; adorned in gold and jade jewellery. He had a strangely long face, which started with a large, crowned forehead and tapered down to a point-like chin. His brow was prominent and his wide, brown eyes were spread far across his face. His nose was slim and met with a round, pouted mouth; more befitting a Nubian female than an Egyptian. However, most surprising of all, was the sheer enormity of the back of the Pharaoh’s skull. It was twice the normal size, and stripped of hair to throw its extent into greater relief. Smenkhkare was a powerful and foreboding man - a Godly man.
Smenkhkare talked in a whisper. His voice was stern and yet somehow pleasing to the ear. He spoke of futures and histories, and of a strange concept he called fate. 
When Smenkhkare asked about Amjad’s work on deciphering the Great Monuments, he realised that he and his Pharaoh shared a common goal.
Amjad was promised an exalted place in the heavens, a tribute of viziers upon his passing, if only he would divulge what he knew, and how could he not? What he was offered was beyond his wildest dreams. To pass into the next life in such a manner almost guaranteed your ascension, and his ascension would guarantee his family’s.
Once the telling of his story was complete, the Pharaoh gave Amjad a task, to retrieve the items of the Zep-Tepi from their resting places in his lands. Upon its completion, he would be given everything promised. Thus, his fate was sealed, and his bargain with his new god, the triumphant merging of the father, the mother, and the son, made. 
As the last fingers of faltering light licked the dunes at his back, Amjad reached the sacred mound on which the Great Monuments were constructed. Many died by his hand in order that he could make good on his promise to his god, but upon its completion, forgiveness would be his.
As Amjad approached, he could see the light thrown out by a fire that warmed the temple’s interior. During the day, the giant Sphinx stood as guardian over the entrance to the Great Monuments. Tonight, as the cool breeze of the desert drew close and encircled him with the chilling touch of the black, he finally realised why people believed this ancient statue was alive. The light from the fire played over its human face and he could almost see its lips move, the groaning of the desert making its visage distant and unfamiliar.
To Amjad’s left lay the temple created many eons ago to carry the soul of a mighty king to his final resting-place among the stars. To his right, was the temple of the Sphinx itself. Its mighty, granite block construction was many times more impressive than the statue laid by its side. He often wondered about its creation. Not even in these times of enlightenment and achievement could men possibly attempt to duplicate it. 
Amjad knew the temple and the Sphinx were from a time of almost unimaginable antiquity. He knew that rescuing the Great Protector and the temples that surrounded it was part of the work undertaken by his grandfather. That story, two generations old, which his efforts would soon complete, began when the Sphinx called out across the desert to be rescued from its sandy tomb. He could not believe that story, so long in the making, was soon to draw to its close.
Amjad pushed on, as he fought against waves of exhaustion that ensnared his every action until finally, gratifyingly, he was walking through the simple entrance into the vast space beyond.
As he strode across the alabaster and granite floor, whose swirls and edges danced in the flicker of the torchlight, he spied movement. 
“It is good to see you again stonemason.” said a familiar voice. 
Amjad rubbed his eyes as two figures approached, finally catching his first, realised view. Both men were regally dressed and looked strangely similar. 
The younger man was his Pharaoh, Smenkhkare. He was dressed in a fine white garb, hemmed with exquisite jewels and delicate golden seems. To his side, an older man strode with Smenkhkare, his face taking time to register. He was tall and slim, with crooked, pointy digits and an equally bulbous head.
Amjad’s thoughts swirled, as first recognition and then fear washed over him. It could not be! What part of Smenkhkare’s plan included a man who was supposedly dead? What manner of monster would propose such a lie?
With a wave of nauseous comprehension, he finally understood his part in his master’s devious plot. Smenkhkare’s words were fallacies; given to make him complete missions the Pharaoh could not do himself for fear of arousing suspicion. 
The tortured revelation welled up within Amjad. There was to be no sharing. He had failed his grandfather, his father, and ultimately his entire family.
As the men closed on his position, Amjad caught two guards moving to surround him. He reached into his pouch and curled his fingers round the staff he recovered from the priests of Iunu. At the delicate contact, a tingle began to shoot up his arm and heighten his senses. 
Steel drew over him as he felt power course through his veins. If this was to be the end, it would not be his alone.
 





Chapter 7


Louisa stirred. Her head throbbed and it took a large amount of effort to squeeze a single eye open. The flare of light as she did so sent shots of pain racing through her and she grimaced, quickly closing it again. She felt a hand slowly place itself on her shoulder, as a familiar voice issued a reassurance. 
“You’ll be fine.” said Chris, softly. “Take your time and breathe normally.”
As Louisa shuffled into a more comfortable position, she realised she was wearing a respirator and breathing stale air. Her medical training caught her instinctive reaction to remove the mask and take a deep lungful of natural air, and she struggled down a panic-laden tremor. 
“McDonald! Take care of her. When her breathing slows, give her a drink of water, but make sure she knows to be quick. I’ll go check Edwards again. Maybe he’s come down a little.”
Louisa’s head swam as Chris’ hazy form moved out of view. She squinted, desperate for her sight to clear, as another grey shape moved in front of her. 
“Be careful there, doctor.” said Justin, as he gently lifted her into a seating position. “You’re suffering from a dose of hypoxia. You should try to keep your movements to a minimum.”
“Hypoxia?” she said, the word spluttering out. 
Justin placed a hand on the small of her back and rubbed in long circles. “The filtration systems have been shut down. The air in the complex has risen to over six percent carbon dioxide. We’re lucky the thermal warnings started going off on the servers because the air-conditioning systems were out or I might not have noticed. Fortunately, I informed the colonel before he succumbed to the effect. You however, were not so lucky.” He reached into a bag and retrieved a silver water flask. “I’ll remove your mask, you drink. Try not to breathe too much of the air in. At these levels the air would kill you cold in four or five breaths. I take it everything you needed was in your duffel?”
“I think so.” Louisa said, gulping gratefully on the cold liquid as she tried to remember. 
The last thing she could recall was being stood over the sensor desk in her lab, carefully wrapping her artefact in cloth to protect its priceless form from harm. She could remember trembling as she tried to work, tears flowing freely as she vainly attempted to push the image of her colleague lying motionless in the corridor from her thoughts.
It was all so different only a few days ago. Steven was a joy to work with. He was efficient, intelligent, charming, and witty. They spent hours hunched over their artefact, running the vast battery of tests scheduled, and never once did she have anything other than a smile on her face.
Steven’s lab skills were incredible. He was a machine. He was blessed with an innate ability to handle several tasks at once, and yet make every single one look easy.
They talked about many things as they worked. Steven about his prestigious medical career, and her about her time with the MOD.
Louisa stifled more tears, knowing the warm liquid would cloud her mask and make breathing difficult. Steven was due to be married in a few months, and the thought of the love now lost would not let her be. She tried to focus on happier times, on their friendship, and on her survival.
“I managed to get most of the information I needed.” said Justin, interrupting her reminiscences. “If I could have stood the heat in the room I could have turned off more servers, but it was like an oven in there. I only managed to turn off the master replication database. At least there should be a recoverable backup for the clear up crew.”
“Clear up crew?” Louisa asked, shuffling into a more comfortable position.
“The colonel said that he’d requested one before I contacted him. Said the ETA was about forty-five minutes. That should mean they’re about twenty minutes out.”
“Is the professor ok?”
“He’s still a little fuddled. He’s been saying how he’ll tunnel out if we want.” said Chris, returning and running a hand through his hair. “To be honest, I wish he’d just get on with it and shut up.”
Louisa smiled. It was probably the first time Chris had met the professor, and his irksome nature was difficult to deal with. Chris’ look of frustration back at Dave as he spoke underlined that their personas may not be perfectly matched.
Louisa encountered Dave shortly after her assignment to the base. As lead researcher, it fell to Dave to hold the weekly briefings. At the first such meeting after her arrival, Dave was all ceremony and self-assurance. He strutted around the conference room, gesticulating wildly, as often he did, and pontificating about how their work would change the world. It was clear he was a proud man, far too busy with his own sense of self-importance to care what others may think of him. As the days turned to weeks, especially after the MOD briefing stating that an unknown colonel was soon to be on site, his mood darkened. The weekly meetings stopped, and a much more serious tone descended. Perhaps he was afraid of the military taking over his project? Whatever the reason, his difficult demeanour only worsened from then on.
“What’s that noise?” Louisa asked, suddenly realising that the ringing in her ears was not an invention of her mind. 
“That siren is reserved for breach protocol.” said Chris. “The server failure must have set off the bases’ containment systems. This whole place is sealed like a bank vault. Lifts, filters, air-con, lighting, the whole caboodle; it’s all off-line. We’re entombed in here. That’s why we’re in the gym. You think you’re up to some light exercise doctor?”
Louisa looked up at Chris. Without his arrival, she was certain they would all now be dead, but there was something else about him. One moment he was formal; a straight-laced military man. The next he was chirpy and warm, almost effervescently so. When he smiled, his face softened and took the harsh edges from his features. It was almost charming. 
Before being given the position, Louisa was not the most exercise eager woman. Walking to the local restaurant in heels was about as energetic as she got. However, shortly after her assignment to the base, and enduring the constant late nights the work here brought, she found the gym was her oasis from the sometimes monotonous sampling work she was undertaking. She had never felt her figure was bad in any way, but after four short months of stair stepping and leg curls, her friends began to point out how good she was looking. Now, when the mood took her to look back through her photo albums, she could see what they were pointing out. After all the training, she never expected to be laid out in the gym with a respirator on. It was an irony not lost to her situation. 
“If given a little assistance, I’m sure I’ll manage.” Louisa said, pushing herself up. 
“Then we move. Justin, let’s get this party started.”
“If we’re trying to get out to the surface, why are we in the gym?”
“The ventilation system has stopped pumping air around the complex, but the main vents are situated in here. If we’re lucky, the vents and the pump are on separate loops and we can climb out through them, with a little effort, without having machinery blocking our escape. From the looks of things, we should be able to squeeze through the duct above the mirror on the back wall, but we really need someone to check if it can take the weight.” Chris said, smiling at Justin. 
Louisa smirked, as Justin sighed his understanding and moved the respirator from his back, tucking it under his arm. 
“Well volunteered, private.” said Chris, as he crouched and linked his fingers, creating a place for Justin to stand. 
Justin placed a hand on the wall and carefully positioned his right foot on the centre of the brace, as Chris slowly heaved him upward.
Louisa watched as Chris held Justin effortlessly in place. His taught frame and broad shoulders not even straining under the weight, as Justin worked at the grate. One by one the screws that held it in place were removed, before it fell to the floor with a resonant clang. 
“If you could just lift me a little higher, I will try to climb into the space.” 
The opening looked tight, perhaps three feet wide and no more than eighteen inches high. Yet, merely moments of careful shimmying later, only Justin’s feet were protruding into the room. 
“It seems stable enough, colonel. I detect no movement from the support structure.”
“That’s reassuring. What can you see?” asked Chris, his tone calm and commanding.
“The ventilation continues for about another twenty feet before making a ninety degree turn to the right.”
“See if you can reach the turn and then let us know what you can see from there.”
A few muffled thumps later, Justin’s feet disappeared. 
Louisa had not had chance to speak with Private McDonald so far. He arrived only a few days ago, and was so absorbed in his system checks and other preparatory work for the arrival of Colonel Martin that he was never in the canteen for more than a few minutes. However, even after watching him for this brief period it was clear he was unfazed by what was occurring. Maybe he was not the man his physical appearance suggested.
“Louisa? How is he?” asked Chris, turning back from the grate and pointing to Dave.
Louisa moved across and gently took hold of Dave’s wrist, looking into his unsteady eyes. His breathing was laboured, but his pulse was strong and rhythmic. At the light contact, his grimace softened to a smile. 
“He’s suffering from respiratory shock and in a pain, but other than the symptoms of a hang-over, he’ll be fine.” 
“Colonel!” 
Justin’s echoed voice resonated around the small room and made Chris turn. “Yes, private.” 
“I’ve reached the end and can see that the vent continues at ninety degrees for another thirty feet before ascending.”
“We’re just going to have to do the best we can. See if the climb is impossible and if not, continue. Only shout if you have to stop.” said Chris, as he walked over to Dave. He placed a hand underneath his armpit, and slowly lifted him to his feet. “Will you be ok, professor?”
“I’ll be a damn sight better once I’m outside in the fresh air!” said Dave, wheezing.
Chris helped Dave over to the vent and carefully hoisted him up. He scrambled a little, but eventually began his trek after Justin.
 “It’s your turn, Louisa.” said Chris, facing her with a wide smile. “Keep moving and don’t worry about anything. I’ll be right behind you.” 
The cold air of the shaft sent chills down her spine as Louisa wriggled forward. Her tennis shoes squealed against the polished aluminium casing and echoed around the cramped space. She had never felt claustrophobia before, yet here, trapped in a metal tube and on the run from the invisible assassin of carbon dioxide, she could understand the sensation. It was torture. She held her nerve as best she could, focussing on her training and keeping her mind on the minutia of the task.
At the turn, the shaft opened out, and although the space removed the oppressive pressure that squeezed against her lungs, it made the upwards climb more difficult. 
To Louisa’s amazement, the men made good progress and watching them spurred her on. She would not be taking assistance from anyone. Once at the top, the vent continued horizontally for another forty feet before she could make out light ahead. As she drew closer, she could see it was opening out into another chamber. 
When Louisa arrived, Justin helped her from another grate. As she stood up, she could see the room housed the main filtration system for their levels. 
A massive air-conditioning system sat at its centre and on the far wall was a door. A rubber housing, one that once connected the conditioner to the vent, lay discarded to her side, and Dave was slouched in one corner, the exertion of the climb taking its toll on his already weakened body. Behind his mask, his face dripped with sweat and his usually neat hair was matted and bedraggled.
“Have you checked the exit, private?” said Chris, effortlessly gliding into the room.
“I have, colonel. It leads out to the base’s lift well and the service ladder. I was going to suggest we use it, but if my understanding of Breach Protocol is correct, the exit will be locked. That’s a four-foot thick, bomb door. We’d never manage to get out that way.”
 “We don’t have to, private. The lift will lead up through the first level and that’s a separate clean room. It will have its own service door and its own air system. We can use the ladder to get to the first and then use that floor’s ducts to get to the surface.” said Chris, as he turned to the group. “In a moment we are going to leave this room through that door and make our way up the service ladder to the first subfloor. Hopefully, we’ll find another vent system that will allow us to exit this complex to the surface.”
“How far is the climb?” asked Dave, as he struggled to his feet. 
“No more than a hundred and fifty feet. We should be able to do it in five or so minutes.”
Dave shook his head. “Twenty years ago maybe, but not in the state I’m in.”
“We’ve got no margin for error here, professor. I simply cannot risk us taking these masks off. We have no idea if the shutdown was just for our lab or the entire base. I suggest you all check your levels and make up your minds how long you want to take over this.”
Dave grabbed his gauge and gulped. “Maybe ten minutes.” 
“Good. Now remember,” said Chris, sounding like a drill sergeant, “climb steadily and don’t concentrate on what you’re doing. We push from our legs, we do not drag with our hands. And whatever you do, do not look down.” 
Chris opened the door and the positive pressure of the lift shaft blew around him as he looked out into the dimly lit shaft. On the wall to his side was a service ladder. Made with wide support bars and a half-ring back protector, it seemed perfect for easy climbing. Indicating to the group for them to follow, he set off. 
Louisa was the first out. As she climbed, she never looked back, but could tell from the heavy footfalls that the rest of the group were climbing steadily. 
The metal bars were dusty from lack of use and occasionally blobs of grease fallen from the lift cables made Louisa’s grip unsure. However, none of this seemed to slow Chris down. Chris was at least fifty feet higher than her already, leaning over to a service door located near the top of the lift well. There was a gratifying click as it opened without force and he made his way inside. 
A few moments later, Louisa reached the level of the door and stretched out around the frame. Chris extended an arm and helped her into another room, similar in layout to the one recently vacated. 
One by one, the other members of the group arrived. As soon as Justin made his way into the room, Chris led him over to the grate on the far wall and the pair quickly removed the mass, before Chris slid into the casing beyond on his back. A few moments of welcome respite later, he arrived back.
“One tight turn and then a twenty foot climb and I can see daylight on the far wall through another grate. When you’re ready, you can join me in the outside world.” 
 “I don’t know about the rest of you, but I really need some fresh air.” Louisa said, as she turned to Justin. “Make sure the professor gets out, won’t you?” 
Justin nodded, and Louisa took that as all the confirmation she needed. She climbed into the vent in the same way as Chris and glided on her back to the upward turn. 
Above her in the shaft, Louisa could see Chris was already at the grate, busily working to remove it. She managed to strain her way up no more than ten feet before he was sending it tumbling outwards and climbing his way into the open. 
As Louisa continued to struggle upward, echoed voices drifted into the space. 
“It’s all right gentlemen. I’m Colonel Martin. You can put down the weapons.”
“Sorry sir, we assumed you’d be someone else.” drifted a distant reply. 
Louisa wriggled up the last few feet, until she eventually reached a position where she could see outside. The vent led into the underground car park of the complex. Daylight drifted down a ramp opposite and forced her vision to blur, as her eyes readjusted to the brightness. She could see several parked cars in front of her and a military jeep at the top of the ramp. There were two men in the space with Chris. Wearing combat slacks, they made their way cautiously down from the ramp, assault rifles at their sides. 
“Is a clean-up crew on its way?” asked Chris, slowly approaching the men.
Even though Louisa had only met Chris an hour ago, she could tell from his posture something was not right. She continued to watch, apprehension locking her motionless.
“Not yet sir, but we can organise one if you’d like.” one of the men replied, glancing sidelong at his companion.
“They’ll have plenty to do.” said Chris, with a chuckle. “Are you two the only ones here?”
“For the moment sir, yes.” 
“Good.” 
In a flash, Chris removed the gun from his jacket and fired. The first bullet ripped through the chest of the man to the left, spraying blood as it exited his back, and sending him tumbling across the ramp. The second man tried to raise his weapon, but could not react quickly enough as the next bullet blew his face apart. 
“What the hell is happening out there?” said Justin, as the gunshots echoed down the shaft. 
As Chris turned and headed back toward them with a fierce scowl, Louisa was not sure she wanted to find out.
 





Chapter 8


J’tan stirred briefly, his battered mind trying to take in the vague outline of shapes. He could still hear the sandstorm raging, but could no longer feel it searing his skin. He tried to focus and found his eyes unwilling to perform the duty. His head pounded and his mouth was dry as parchment. He could feel the coolness of shaded air swirling around his dazed head and it felt good. He tried to right himself and twist toward the sound of the desert, as a hand gently pushed him back to the ground. 
“Please stay still. I cannot check your injuries if you a writhing like a baby.” said Samali, with an elegant, playful tone. 
Samali removed a hide water-skin from her pack and gently supported his head as he drank. 
“Do you feel as though you are ready to travel? We must not let the mason reach the temple.” said Samali, wiping his brow with a damp cloth.
J’tan nodded, and Samali pulled back the sheet to look at the bandaged wound on his thigh. She inspected the surface carefully and reached for the pot of waxy substance she applied the night before. 
“The wound is healing well. The pain should have subsided by tomorrow, but for today I fear it may still hinder your movement.”
J’tan was amazed to see the flesh around the spear hole already beginning to fade from its deep, purple hue. “My thanks are with you for what you have done.”
Samali grinned and lowered her head, completing the application of the salve. “When you are ready we shall continue our journey.” 
As she rose, J’tan sprang to his feet by her side. She reached out a hand to steady him, but retracted it when she realised no assistance was needed. 
“It must take great strength to control your body in such a manner.”
“More than you know.” said J’tan, as he tested his range of movements. 
During his training, one of the first things J’tan was taught was pain suppression. Reed sticks were habitually lashed across the legs and backs of trainees, those who flinched or howled soon expelled from the order. To be given the respect the position brought, you had to be strong of character. You must become the lion, the fearless hunter whose actions were not tainted by fear. Only when you could master your emotions, could you impose your will upon others and act as the hand of the gods. It was training that served him well. Now he needed it more than ever. 
“We should make haste. The Great Monuments are not far.” J’tan said, packing his things.
“This would be much easier if you had not destroyed my camp in your attempt to capture the mason.”
J’tan stopped what he was doing and looked at Samali, her radiant face gripped by a sternness he had not seen before.
“Do not be so surprised.” Samali said, as she walked outside. “I know you had no way of preventing what occurred. We both lost a great deal to the mason that day.”
“I am sorry. At the time, I did not know who you were.”
“You bore no reason to know. I accept your apology. I only hope your eagerness does not hinder our chances of success.”
J’tan could tell Samali was hurt by his actions, but at the time, he could see no other choice. The mason was in the camp and he needed to get to him. The servants simply got in his way and were dispatched. It was not a topic he would linger on, no matter how infuriated she was. His only focus was his mission. It was all he had left.
“Why do you track the mason?” J’tan asked, stepping outside into the dry desert air. “My assessment of what happened to you makes me believe he was once an ally.”
“He was.” said Samali, lost in thought. “He seemed open an honest when he arrived at my camp in Meidum. However, I now know he tried to kill The Seer and me. I have every reason to want to find him.”
Samali’s face twisted with barely supressed rage as she spoke. Whatever her reason for chasing the mason, his attempted murder of her was not it.
“You are lying.” J’tan said, calmly. “There is more to this story than you are telling me. What are you concealing?”
Samali turned and appraised him. J’tan knew that if it were not for her action he may now be dead, but that did not change the fact that if he did not understand her motives, he could not trust her further.
Samali went to speak, and then paused. She gave him a quizzical look, before glancing down to her feet. “And how do I know you will not try to kill me if I tell you the truth?” she said, finally.
“So there is a truth?” said J’tan, walking round her and beginning to make his way down the bluff. “You should know you cannot hide your thoughts from the people of the gods.”
“You Egyptians!” Samali said, with frustration. “You think you are so mighty, and yet you know very little other than that which concerns you.”
J’tan hid a smirk as he continued downward. If Samali would not tell him what he needed to know directly, he would prise the information from her. It appeared making Samali vexed would be the lever in this instance. He would continue to irritate her until she blurted out in anger what she would not in calmness.
“My people are renowned throughout all the lands of men as the most knowledgeable and advanced. People come from all around to wonder at our accomplishments.” J’tan said, keeping his voice suitably filled with pride.
“And that is the problem with your people. You believe that you are the most advanced people in the world, and right now that is correct. However, what of tomorrow or yesterday? Can you say that you hold all the knowledge of all peoples? Can you say that everything you have accomplished will not be surpassed in ages to come?” said Samali, scampering down the rocks to keep pace.
“My people are strong and will always be at the summit of man’s abilities.”
“But I know that is not what you believe. You own history tells of the Zep-Tepi, when your Gods built the world. Are they not more powerful than you?”
Samali was attempting to move the focus on the discussion back to him. He would not allow it. “The gods are more powerful than all men. They built and fought over this world and now look over us and guide us.”
“If your gods built this world and guided the men of this land, then why do you know more than your grandfather? Why did he know more than his? Surely, the gods taught your ancestors everything through this guidance, but that guidance and knowledge was not granted to your grandfather’s grandfather, only the people who live today have it. Why?”
J’tan stopped his descent and looked back up at Samali. He was confused by what she was saying. The people of his land were the light of the world. Their power and majesty spread to everyone who dare witness their glory. He caught himself before he responded in anger. It appeared Samali was a very clever negotiator. He could not allow himself to fall into the trap she was baiting. 
“You simply do not understand. You do not live with the light of the gods in your actions and so you cannot see.” J’tan said, with renewed conviction.
“I see more clearly than you can know.” said Samali. 
The comment was low and measured, a hook tempting him to break his stoic rebuttal of her words. 
“Is it not true the first Pharaoh shut all the temples except his own?” asked Samali.
“The will of the Pharaoh is absolute. His should not be questioned, for he sees the desires of the gods.” J’tan said. 
“So does that make it easier to worship your God?”
J’tan did not want to answer. Although he knew to worship other gods was no longer punishable by death, he was still of the opinion the Pharaoh frowned upon it. 
“Do not worry servant of Pharaoh.” Samali said, as she caught his grimace with a smile. “I am sure that Horus will guide you still. I assume he needs no temples to show his godly will.”
J’tan stopped on a wide shelf, not far from the desert floor. He twisted, trying to keep his composure, as Samali arrived at his side. There was little point playing this game any longer. It was clear Samali was as good at it as he was. The conversation was going nowhere.
“Just tell me what you know. What are you hiding from me?”
Samali let out a deep exhale of air and whispered something under her breath as she closed her eyes. It looked as though she was praying.
“The stonemason stumbled across something even your Pharaoh did not know.” Samali said, returning her focus to J’tan. “He now travels the desert to gather items that may have been left by the gods.”
“My friend told me as much. I know of the Zep-Tepi and of the stories that abound about the First Time. I need more. What am I missing?”
“The mason is not chasing three items as you believe; he chases four. Your own history tells you where the three he has accumulated came from, and about the fourth. The three he possesses were kept inside a box, which was beset about with the purest gold and heralded by two winged serpents. Your mason stole something from The Seer. If your stories are true about the staff and the uraeus, he now has everything he needs to utilise this fourth; what you call The Ark.”
Realisation dawned on J’tan and his mind raced. What Samali was describing was the fabled Ark of Ra. 
In the stories J’tan was told as a child, Ra, the omnipotent creator of everything, grew old waiting for man to come of age. So that his most prized possessions were not lost upon his death, he gave a golden snake holding the knowledge of the world, a staff containing the power of the sun, and a lock of his own hair as a reminder of his power, to his son, Osiris. Stored in a magical Ark that would protect itself from all attempts to open it other than by Ra’s children, the items remained untouched, even when Osiris’ kin betrayed him, cutting his body into pieces and scattering them to the four corners of the world.  It was Osiris’ son, the great teacher Horus, who was also J’tan’s birth God, who next took possession of the artefacts, travelling the lands with his twelve disciples and using their power to heal the sick and teach the young. 
If Samali was correct, then could it be possible that the Ark had been found? Or indeed, somewhere out there Horus still lived? Whatever the truth was, his part in the story was clear. He must stop the mason, no matter the cost.
“I know of the Ark.” J’tan said, solemnly. “I also know of the legends of its might. We cannot allow it to fall into the hands of those who would misuse it. We should go.”
Without further pause for conversation, they made their way back out into the dissipating orange glow of early morning and down the side of the bluff.
The trek to the Great Monuments was arduous, their remaining water supplies gingerly sipped at to preserve them as long as they could.
By the time they reached the temple of the Sphinx, Set was nearing his throne in the heavens. As they ran up the incline toward the massive structure, it was clear they were not the first to arrive. A fire, somewhere inside the complex, poured mellow warmth onto the surrounding stone, and washed the area in a still calm of orange.
 “If we do not find any more water we will die out here.” said Samali, sloshing their skin to gauge how much remained. 
J’tan gazed upon her. Samali’s radiant features were beginning to draw, and the smooth, lustrous skin that held firm over her sculpted figure was cracked with dehydration. 
“Nobody will be dying here today, unless it is by my hand.” J’tan said, as confidently as his dry mouth would allow. “Come. We will make our way to a vantage point at the rear of the Great Protector. I need to see what we are dealing with.”
J’tan took Samali by the hand and they made their way up the slope toward the back of the temples that lay by the statue. Eventually, they reached a spot behind the loose masonry at the near lip of a wide pit. 
J’tan had seen the Great Protector, this imposing Sphinx, many times. His history told that one of his kings, the fourth Tuthmosis, rescued the statue from the sands after it asked him to; the Sphinx granting the king eternal life when he delivered it back into the light. He loved this story as a child, almost as much as he loved the stories about the exploits of Horus and his disciples. After what recently transpired, those childhood memories had begun to sour. The last remnants of his innocence being unceremoniously erased. In its place, a selfish security of fact was being built, block-by-block. 
From their vantage point, it was easy to see the interior of the temple. Four men stood around a box, partially concealed from view. Two were regally dressed and chatted amongst themselves, as their attendant guards set about lighting torches. One of the men he recognised immediately from his gait. It was Smenkhkare. The other regal man’s manner was also strangely familiar. He glided with the same grace as the Pharaoh, but somehow the actions seemed older, more trained. 
Once the lighting of the sconces was completed, the guards dismantled the box and removed something from its interior. It was the Ark. 
Bold, beautiful, and adorned with two winged creatures, the Ark was a remarkable sight. It was at least the length of a man and half a man high. Two poles, so perfectly smooth they defied belief, attached to golden rings clutching its sides. Its feet, tapered like claws, grasped the ground and dared the surrounding men to move it. So much gold was used to make it that its brilliance seemed to shine brighter than the descending darkness would allow; lighting the temple with an eerie shimmer of light. 
J’tan fidgeted, as the light threw the men’s faces into focus, suddenly recognising the second regal figure.
“The man with Smenkhkare…” J’tan said, his words stumbling from his lips. “It cannot be. It just cannot be!”
“Your eyes must be like an eagle’s.” Samali said, trying to follow his line of sight. “I cannot tell one man from another at this distance.”
“I thought I knew the man from his bearing. Now I am sure I know who he is, but it simply cannot be him. I attended his burial! I saw the stone seal placed on his tomb!”
If J’tan was correct, then the last few summers of his life spent labouring in an invention. The works of his people, the events organised to pay homage to a fallen leader, even the magnificent burial; all fabricated to allow this man to vacate his position and seize the Ark. His entire race tricked into allowing their most prized artefacts to be taken from them. 
“It would appear it is one more lie of these Pharaohs that I must endure.” said J’tan.
“These Pharaohs?”
“Yes. The man with Smenkhkare is his brother, Akhenaten.”
During Akhenaten’s reign, J’tan served the Pharaoh with distinction and even believed in the promised return of the one true God, the Hor-Aten. He helped organise the troops that protected his new city of Akhetaten, even whilst messages returned from his friends at the limits of the empire telling stories of the hardships they were facing. He executed his duty, and when his Pharaoh left this life to travel to the next, he was part of the guard of honour that escorted him to his tomb. It made him feel sick to the pit of his stomach that it was all for nothing. He was a bystander in a great plan to deceive the people of his lands. It was an insult to everything he held dear that this dead man was using his people for his own ends. However, if Horus stood by his side, the Pharaoh would soon pay for the effrontery of his actions with his life.
“I know much of this Pharaoh.” said J’tan, remembering the steely calm with which Akhenaten had changed everything during his reign. “If it is truly he, we should be careful.”
J’tan turned his attention to the temple’s entrance, where he could see the lone figure of his quarry, the mason Amjad, slowly entering. 
The wound on Amjad’s neck was festering and his clothes were wind-worn, coated with a thick mix of blood and sand. He staggered forward, dragging himself onward, the pain of every step visible in his grimace.
“It is good to see you again, stonemason.” said Akhenaten, upon spying Amjad’s arrival. 
As the guards turned and made their way toward the crippled man, J’tan prepared to make his move. “As soon as the mason has proved he has the items, I will make my attack. I will try to separate the artefacts from the men. You must make sure you get them as far away from here as possible when that time comes.”
“What about you?” Samali said, clasping his muscular forearm. 
“I will follow, if Horus is willing.” 
Before J’tan could move, Amjad ripped something from his pouch and spun, dropping to his haunches. In his grasp, a golden staff with a crooked top flashed menacingly in the swirling light of the temple. He held it out, straight at the oncoming bodyguards, and issued a shuddering scream. 
The air crackled in front of the staff, as two tendrils of fire like winged snakes leapt from its tip and wrapped themselves around the men. The mysterious creatures hissed and spat as they meted out their vile wrath, consuming the guards as they danced over their skin.
With a dusty thud, the withered bodies of the guards fell to the ground, as the serpents turned and began to close on the terrified Pharaohs.
“Let us not be so hasty, stonemason.” said Smenkhkare, as he backed toward the Ark. 
“You can still have everything we promised you.” said Akhenaten.
Amjad ignored the pleadings of the Pharaohs. He stumbled on, his legs barely able to propel his body forward. 
“What have you made me do!” said Amjad, tears welling in his eyes and his face twisted into an anguished snarl. “I was a good man! You have ruined everything!”
“Do not judge yourself so, mason. The Hor-Aten will make those judgements, and your work here will ensure your place in his eternal grace.”
Amjad howled through the thick spittle brought on by his tears, dragging his free hand to his head and squeezing his temple. It was clear to see he was torn between his family’s future and his need to punish the men. 
“All I ever wanted was to finish my grandfather’s work. But you! You turned me into a murderer!” Amjad said, his voice high and cracked. “You turned me against my friends, my family, my faith, and my honour. How do I look my children in the eyes now I have killed for a lie? What sort of afterlife will it be for me to be reminded of my actions for eternity? What have you done?”
The Pharaoh’s panicked faces belied their fear. They staggered back, arms held out in vain protection as the mason continued to advance.
“If you ever wish to see your family again, you will give us the items. Now!” said Akhenaten, trying to make a stand. “Do not make your family pay for any more of your mistakes!” 
For a moment, their bravado held Amjad still, but the glare soon returned to his eyes, a glorious fury that would have its revenge. 
As Amjad raised the staff once more, a chilling tranquil engulfed the temple. There, bound within its dark confines, the Pharaohs began to scream. 






Chapter 9


Chris gazed at the daylight streaming down the ramp and tried to clear his mind. What were these men doing here? How did they get beyond the security perimeter? Why today? The questions came in waves, and horridly, insipidly, the dreadful stirrings of answers followed. 
As Chris mused, gentle footsteps approached. “We have to leave.” he said, already knowing who was approaching.
 “Not before you tell me what the hell is going on.” said Louisa. Her bright, elegant countenance was wracked with apprehension, and her face still bore the fading red of her exertions. 
Chris pointed to his right, beyond the two guards he had killed, where a set of bootless feet protruded from between two cars. “His name is Charles Younger. He has two children. I’m Godfather to one of them. A while back, he complained about chest pains and seizures, but the military said it wasn’t their fault. When I got the assignment here, I got him reassigned to base duty so he could finish his required service for full pension, without having to fight any more.” He pointed to the top of the ramp where a swirl of hair, matted with blood, stuck out from behind the parked jeep. “His name is…” Chris stopped, sighing under his breath. That was no longer the correct tense. “His name was John Matchell.”
Louisa looked down at the body of one of the guards by her feet. There, written in standard military print, was a nameplate. It read ‘Charles Younger’. She stared open-mouthed at Chris, revelation quelling any further questions.
“Whoever did this is trying to finish the job they started.” said Chris, taking up from where Louisa’s brain left off. “Whoever did this has cancelled the clean-up crew I ordered, or worse. They may even be watching us as we speak.” 
Chris shook his head. There were too many possibilities to consider, and inaction could now be fatal. They had to keep moving.
Smiling as best he could to keep Louisa calm, Chris led her back over to the rest of the group. “Our situation is compromised.” he said, eager to keep his words measured. “It is also evident that our communication with the outside world is compromised. Our best course of action is to get as far away from here as we can, and attempt to find a means of clarifying our predicament.”
“Predicament?” asked Dave, his disbelief evident in his curt tone. “What predicament? Our best course of action, colonel, would surely be to sit here and wait for the military to turn up and tell us what’s going on!”
Dave’s ire was an irritant Chris could do without right now. He had to quash his comments quickly, or the man’s downtrodden attitude may spread to the rest of the group and throw his plan into chaos. 
“Would this be the same military that has not yet sent the clean-up crew we requested? Would this be the same military that has not turned up en masse to find out what’s going on at one of their secure sites?” Chris said, keeping any hint of anger from his voice. “Or would this be the same military that has not yet sent a single person to help in the extraction of civilians from a potentially life-threatening situation?” The questions hung there for a while, as heads began to drop. Good, his point had hit home. “We are out of simple choices. Therefore, I will be leaving this place in five minutes. Those of you who wish to join me should follow. Those of you who choose to remain…” Chris paused, knowing a suitable break would add just the right amount of gravitas to his parting comment. “Well, in that case, I wish you good luck.”
“We can’t just run away from all this! What about our lives?” said Dave. 
Chris turned, starting his march to his vehicle before he responded. “Your primary concern should be focused on them continuing, not how they may have changed professor. You can do nothing about what has happened here if you’re dead.”
“Surely we should go to the nearest police station and report this colonel.” said Justin, jogging to catch up.
“If you can cancel a clear-up crew and lock a high level, underground base down, I don’t think you’re the sort of person who cares about trifling things like police.” said Chris, understanding Justin’s position. “How would we know we can trust them? Or anyone else at present?”
About fifty feet from his car, Justin still considering his words, Chris unlocked his car. Thankfully, the boot opened with a click, but more importantly, without explosion. It was safe to get close. 
Chris strode over and pulled back the carpet. Taking his mobile from his pocket, he turned it off, throwing the lifeless unit inside. He reached around to one side of the boot and withdrew a small, leather pouch. 
“Can I ask you what you’re doing?” said Justin, watching Chris work.
“Mobile phones can be traced even if they are only searching for signal, and can be very accurately pinpointed during use. I suggest you get everyone to turn theirs off and drop them in here too.”
Justin did as he was asked. After a few bleated complaints, he returned with three mobile phones and threw them inside.
Chris unzipped the leather pouch and emptied his wallet’s contents into it. He then retrieved a sealable freezer bag, and proceeded to refill his wallet with the collection of credit cards and SIMs it contained.
“If these new ones are yours, they can be traced too can’t they?” said Justin, puzzled by what was going on.
“They’re not mine though… sort of.” Chris said, grinning. “I am going to be driving you out of here soon. Get yourselves ready for a bumpy ride.” 
Chris surveyed the area. Spying a nicely inconspicuous saloon parked in a bay reserved for ground floor staff, he started toward it. 
“Aren’t we going to use our own cars?” said Dave. 
Dave’s lack of understanding of their situation was really beginning to annoy Chris. For an intelligent man, his questions were devoid of all measure of rationale. He needed to think. Hopefully, a firm rebuttal of the latest inquiry would give him the silence needed to focus on the task at hand. 
“That would be remarkably stupid, Dave.” said Chris, in a disdainful tone. “For all we know these people have been tracking our movements for days. Our cars may be bugged, maybe worse, and we don’t have the time or the equipment to check that. So, that means we borrow a car they would have no cause to do anything to.”
“But what if these people are still here?” asked Dave, not taking the hint.
“If there were still people here, then why haven’t they alerted anyone to the gunshots?” said Chris, turning to face Dave. He raised his voice, curling his lips just enough to show the man his anger. “Why aren’t there people running around screaming? None of that is happening, because someone has already cleared this base. Jenkins probably cut access to the rest of the base’s security systems last night, which would also explain why there hasn’t been a siren since we got out of our own complex.”
Everyone turned their heads, as if straining to hear the distant wail. The realisation the bleating of the siren was now missing coming as a surprise to all of them. 
Thankful the current inquisition was over, Chris removed a utility knife from his pocket and pulled out the smaller of the two blades. He walked straight up to the car selected, a ten-year-old Ford, and rammed the blade into the lock. With a powerful twist of his wrist, the mechanism gave out a heavy clunk. He placed his palm against the door and pulled, ripping the blade back out of the badly dented socket. He smiled as he pulled the handle and the door swung open. Not turning to see the surprised glances of the group, he kicked the plastic housing away from the underside of the steering wheel. Leaning over into the foot well, he located the plastic wire connector behind the metal key insert and jabbed his knife into one edge. Taking the car out of gear, he held the connector tightly and turned the knife. With a sense of satisfaction, he listened as the car spluttered twice and started up.
Job completed, he turned back to the group and met their quizzical stares with a grin. It was time to lighten the mood and get the hell out of this place. 
“Have you done that before, colonel?” asked Justin. 
“What? Haven’t you?” Chris said, transmitting a smile to everyone. “Now, have we all been to the toilet?” As Louisa helped Dave into the back of the car, he turned to Justin. “It looks like there’s no need to call shotgun private.” 
A squeal came from the tyres, as Chris completed a fast two-point turn. Once outside the parking bay, he kept his speed high, as he scanned their surroundings for signs of activity. There was none. The complex was deserted. It was unsettling to contemplate what occurred that morning, and the organisation required in accomplishing it. Who was involved, and why? They were questions that needed answers.
In only a few moments, they were flying beyond an empty security post and out toward the main road. 
As Chris pulled onto the dual carriageway beyond the entrance, he slowed enough to ensure he did not draw attention to their vehicle and began to put as much distance as he could between them and the base.
As he drove, Chris continually scanned the vehicles around them. He knew that anyone following them would have to keep the same pace, and on the narrow road, their weaving to maintain line of sight would be conspicuous. After a few miles, he relaxed. Luckily, it appeared they were not being tailed.
Slowing further, and pulling in behind a delivery truck, he returned his attention to what had transpired that morning. He needed answers, and the only people who could fill in the blanks in the story were now sitting in the car with him. 
In Chris’ experience, if information was required it was easier to allow people a platform to divulge their ponderings, and then piece together what you needed from what came out. He knew that questions could be distractions to vital trains of thought. Therefore, he needed a starting point, something vague enough to allow the conversation to evolve unhindered. 
“I need to know if anyone has any ideas about what’s going on?” Chris asked, knowing that most of the group’s thoughts would already be on the topic.
 “I’ve thought of little else this morning, colonel.” said Dave, his face still ashen. “I’m still perplexed as to why we are in the situation we are in. I’ve eliminated the events as being personal in any way. I believe whoever is doing this is after the artefacts.”
“I have a theory.” said Louisa, turning to Dave. “It’s obvious whoever did this couldn’t just take the artefacts or Jenkins would have shut the internal security down and removed them himself. Maybe he couldn’t risk something so direct.”
Chris nodded. That was probably true. If you acted alone, you made yourself a target, especially if you were the only one with the skill to pull off the event. It made sense that whoever organised what happened, planned it meticulously.
“But what about the base’s security and calling off the clean-up crew?” asked Justin. 
“They obviously have people in high places.” said Louisa, noticeably uneasy with her train of thought. “They’re probably the ones who don’t want to be exposed. The point is that they waited for some other events to unfold before they took their opportunity. They were waiting for one of us to make a mistake, so that when they acted it appeared as though we were responsible. The only thing I can think is that Professor Linley was somehow involved.”
“That’s a point. Where is Linley?” asked Justin, suddenly aware of his colleague’s absence.
“I don’t know, and that worries me, because Professor Linley is my prime suspect for the murder of Doctor Geffers.”
The statement hit the occupants of the car like a bombshell, Dave turning with anger toward Louisa.
“And what, pray tell, makes you think something so heinous about poor Harry?” said Dave, almost snarling the words out.
Louisa leant back, disturbed by Dave’s demeanour. She swallowed, trying to gather her thoughts before she continued. “The evidence is straightforward professor. Doctor Geffers was clubbed over the back of the head whilst at his desk. To get into a position to do that you would have to be in the room with him, as he was facing the door. As Justin has confirmed, the base at that point was secure. That means Howarth and Jenkins could not have entered that lab, as they would not have held the required level of access; neither would Justin or I. That leaves Linley, or just one other, as the potential murderer.” Louisa paused, weighing up whether or not to continue. She glanced furtively toward Chris, before returning her focus to Dave. “I’m afraid to say, as the only person to have access to every area of the base and being the person who found the body, you are my only other suspect professor.”
Chris stared into the rear-view mirror, scanning Dave’s face for any sign of culpability. The lines on his brow were creased, and it was clear that he was desperately trying to ascertain the veracity of Louisa’s accusation, but there was nothing to suggest he was the culprit. It was evident however, as Dave rubbed his forehead and stared into his lap, there was definitely something in what Louisa said that struck a nerve. Chris could not be certain, but something in what Louisa just explained, Dave already knew.
“So what do you think happened?” asked Justin.
“I’m not sure.” said Louisa. “I believe whatever happened to Doctor Geffers occurred independently of the attack Jenkins instigated, and somehow that triggered the sequence of events we just experienced.”
Chris was impressed. In any other circumstance, due to her figure and looks, he would not have suspected Louisa to be as adroit as she was proving to be. Her thoughts could very well be right.
In Chris’ previous vocation, one thing that was frequently required was a patsy. Someone who could conceivably be responsible for an action, but was only made to look that way so the real perpetrator could get to safety. Perhaps the people who wanted the artefacts had been waiting for one of the research team to get edgy about them; lurking in the background for the right moment to make their move. If Jenkins’ attack had been successful, all eyes would have been focussed on Linley, just like theirs were now. Everyone would have their patsy, and Jenkins would have been free to escape with the real target, the artefacts.
“If I’m right though,” said Louisa, still lost in thought, “it still doesn’t explain where artefact three is.”
“We’re missing an artefact?” asked Justin.
“When we were collecting everything to bring to the surface, we found artefact three was missing from Professor Linley’s lab.” said Louisa. “I suppose Linley could have it. But why take just one?”
“What was it?” asked Chris, trying to nudge Louisa into divulging more than she should.
Chris attended the briefing on ‘cross contamination protocol’ after he took the assignment. Apart from being the most mind-numbingly boring three hours of his life, it informed him that each artefact was to be investigated separately, with no discussion on findings allowed above what was approved by Professor Edwards. That meant outside discussions on their investigations were prohibited. Maybe, with the group’s current mental distractions in play, he could prise out just enough to fill in yet more gaps in his understanding.
“A four inch diamond of metal, covered in an unknown script. It may have been what prompted the actions of Professor Linley.” said Louisa, distractedly.
Before Louisa could continue, Dave nudged her in the ribs and shook his head. It was clear to Chris that Dave did not want her discussing the finer detail any further.
“The good thing is that when we get chance, I should be able to look through the data on the drives I saved and come up with something to prove we’re not involved.” said Justin. “So, what’s the plan now colonel?”
The question took away Chris’ ability to press for more information, but he knew it needed answering. He had always kept his own escape routes planned, just in case any of the covers he held were blown and someone tracked him down for his actions. It appeared those plans would now need expanding to include the people in the car.
“Take this, private.” said Chris, as he handed Justin a phone from his pouch and selected a SIM card from his wallet. He removed a second handset and fumbled, one-handed, to get it working. “Get that thing fired up and go to the web. You’ll need Facebook open.”
“Why am I doing this?” asked Justin, already working to activate the handset.
“Just one sec.” Chris was holding his newly constructed phone to one ear, raising a single finger to guarantee silence. “Hi Barry! Just thought I’d leave you a message to let you know I’ll be over near you today and thought I might pop in at your work for a catch up. If it’s ok, I’ll be bringing along some work colleagues of mine. If it’s not, let me know. See you tonight maybe!” and with that, he hung up, dismantled the phone, and tossed the SIM card out of the window. “Sorry about that Justin. Are you in Facebook yet?”
“Yes colonel, but I’m still unsure why.”
“That’s the easy part. Go into the search and type your own name in.” said Chris, as Justin did as asked with practised efficiency. “Now look through each of the results and find one from the UK with a visible personal information field. You’ll need a full address, date of birth, place of work, and preferably one with a mobile number. Once you have one, and please don’t use your own if it’s on there, note down the details and repeat for everyone else.” 
It was an old tactic, but an effective one. Chris knew that most security agencies tracked people through associations made in financial and government databases. Using the information they were gathering, they would be able to link their identities, and thus their motives, to someone else. It may not buy them much time, but it would be enough to get them clear of danger. 
After another ten minutes, their tasks were complete. Each of the group now had a ticket reservation from Dover to Calais for a ferry journey that evening, booked to an email account created using their alternate identities details. 
“And we’re doing all this to buy us enough time to go and see this Barry guy?” asked Justin.
“His name’s Carl.” said Chris, shaking his head. “You lot should focus on the brain stuff and leave this sort of thing to me. Ok?” 
Chris hoped he had the trust of everyone in the car. He knew many of the tactics he was employing were not part of people’s standard training, but use them he must. He also knew what the group really needed to keep them going was a firmly delivered plan. He drew a deep breath, knowing the timbre of his words was critical, and thought of something suitably motivating.
“I probably owe you an explanation about what we are about to do and it will be up to you if you wish to follow me.” Chris said, lowering his voice and distancing the words so that every pronunciation stood out. “After today, I’m sure you’re all confused and shocked. You shouldn’t worry, it’s perfectly normal when faced with a situation like this. I know you all have your doubts about what we’re doing, but you have to believe me when I tell you that if these people, whoever is behind all this, can do what they have done to the security services today, then making us disappear is not going to be difficult. We have stumbled on to something they want, and it does not take a genius to realise we are now a threat to everything they are trying to do. Remember, we are the only ones who know the truth of what went on back there. However, after what happened, I’m not sure who to trust. We need to find out who is behind all this, so we can approach the right people and clear our names. If we go to the wrong people, we may as well be committing suicide. Therefore, I need you to trust me. I need you to do as I ask, so I can use my abilities to give you enough time to use your brains to figure this out. I can’t do this alone. We need to work together to get to the bottom of this.”
Chris looked round the vehicle. Justin was nodding his acceptance and Louisa and Dave, although troubled, were not gesticulating in any way that would make him surmise refusal.
“So, as there are no objections, I believe we should get to East Midlands airport.”
“What?” said Justin, the surprise in his voice echoed in the shocked faces of the back seat. “Why do we want to go to the airport? I thought we were travelling from Dover?” 
“That’s what the paper trail will say. It will say we are trying to hide the fact we are going from Dover, so attention will be focused there.”
“Won’t there be people waiting for us in Calais whether we fly or go by boat?” asked Louisa. 
“But we’re not going to Calais.” said Chris, with a grin. “We’re flying to Amsterdam.”
 





Chapter 10


A dog howled out in the distance, as the wind swirled round a parked limousine. The front sheet of a rag tabloid glided mesmerizingly through the air, dancing its way across the bonnet as if guided by some unseen hand. For a moment it took away the pervading sense of gloom that struck hard through the stagnant air of the interior and provided a brief glimpse to its occupants of the eternal cycle playing out before them. All too soon it was over and the oppressive weight of inaction returned.
Their actions, planned and reviewed so many times they were now engrained into their beings, were ruined. One man, this British colonel, had ruined everything.
Who the hell was he, and where had he come from? In that answer, a solution to the dilemma presented would surely be found.
Failure was a difficult thing to come to terms with. Especially when so much was at stake. The gambler’s instinct to break even pushed hard sometimes and its irrational empathy with its situation was difficult to ignore. 
The greatest choices were never made with a clear head. The divine motion of the random made them great by chance, never by planning. 
In the end, it was inevitable. The only choice left was the one, begrudgingly, taken. Somewhere down the line, there would be hell to pay for the decision, but that could wait. The end of the beginning was in sight. 
An opportunity would present itself to gather back some of the lost time and find some small measure of solace from the eventual revelation. 
Waiting for the next opportunity and acting decisively was now the only course. The solitary question that remained was when.
 





Chapter 11


Akhenaten tried everything he could, but to no avail. In front of him, Amjad, the stonemason his brother used to gather the artefacts, was readying an attack. His world seemed to be moving slower; smells suddenly acute, colours vivid, and sounds dull. His mind raced with thoughts of friends, of loved ones, of family, and of home. However, more than anything, he could not shake the distasteful notion that he would now be remembered as the king killed by a commoner. 
Smenkhkare began to scream, but Akhenaten did not listen. He stood and cried. His life’s work and the work of his ancestors, everything his great dynasty worked toward, was coming to end. It was the final insult that it would be at the hands of a stonemason. 
With a shuddering growl, the mason spat the serpents from the staff. As they grew and moved toward him, Akhenaten could not take his eyes from them. They were beautiful. Their bodies were like cobras and their scales shimmered with radiant fire. Four legs, just like the body, extended down to onyx talons. Their backs carried wings, laced like the finest gossamer, and from which tendrils of flame flicked as they flew. However, he knew something was not as it once was. 
Before, when the serpents ensnared the guards, they moved menacingly and with direction. Yet here, as the serpents approached, they seemed to drift along, gliding rather than racing to bridge the gap.
In front of him, the mason collapsed to one knee, his skin drawing tight over his features with the exertion of control. That was the difference. Whatever the serpents used as their power, it seemed to be drawn from within, and it appeared the mason did not have enough of that strange substance left to grant the serpents the power they needed.
As the flaming beasts reached touching distance, Akhenaten could feel the flames licking his skin, but it did not burn. The serpents flew straight through him, their bodies filling him with an inner calm that felt divine. He turned, as they continued out of his back and dissipated into swirling ochre mists. 
Upon their disappearance, Akhenaten spun toward the mason and watched as he flopped to the ground, the staff tumbling from his grasp and scuttling away across the alabaster tiles.
Akhenaten paused for a moment, taking in the scene of death. Still confused, he saw Smenkhkare move forward and grab the staff from the ground. 
“Get the other artefacts as well.” Akhenaten said, pointing to the pack slung over Amjad’s shoulder. 
He sent emissaries to the corners of the known lands to acquire these artefacts, only for them to fall into the hands of high priests and exiled seers when they were within grasp. Now, after all this time, here they were. 
“I cannot believe this maggot managed what we could not.”
“He was a very strongly motivated individual.” said Smenkhkare.
“You are wise to have chosen him, my brother.”
The two Pharaohs shared a respectful bow, rudely interrupted by the sounds of hurried footfalls from the entrance. Scores of men poured in, led by a tall and muscular man.
“My lords!” the lead man said, as he surveyed the scene of carnage. “I was worried that J’tan may have arrived before us. Are you well?”
Akhenaten smiled. The man approaching was his chief bodyguard of old. A fiercely loyal warrior called Yashu. When he feigned his death, Yashu vacated his position and came to be with him, to continue his role as protector. He was relieved his most trusted sword was back at his side. 
“Do not worry Yashu.” Akhenaten said, moving toward the imposing figure. “The traitorous Egyptian goat at your feet killed my guards before I had a chance to react. I however, managed to kill him before he could inflict any harm upon me or my brother.”
“You are as powerful as you are wise, oh lord.” said the hulking Yashu, bowing his head. “But I must warn you that your brother’s chief bodyguard follows you still. We believe he was trying to stop the mason.”
“You must trust your lords and your God.” Akhenaten said, belaying any fear. “We have not seen J’tan since we arrived, and we now have what we wanted from the mason. Whatever he was attempting, he has failed to accomplish.”
“We must still be careful, my lord. I do not believe it would be safe to remain here longer than we need. J’tan is a powerful and skilled enemy to have.”
Yashu was no fool. Akhenaten knew if he was worried, the situation was indeed grave. 
“You have proven yourself worthy of our trust, Yashu.” Akhenaten said, accepting the wisdom. “We will get the last of what we need and then leave this place forever.”
“We have brought everyone who wished to follow us and as many provisions from Akhetaten as we could carry, by hand or by beast.”
“Then there is only one thing left to do. We must go into every city in the region and remove everything of value from them. Especially their gold.”
“Remember,” said Smenkhkare, adding to Akhenaten’s words, “all the items you collect will be shared equally amongst the people. All we ask is the Havilah gold.”
“I do not understand my lord.” said Yashu, looking confused. “We have gathered many items of gold from the people of your city and many of us have golden items we would be more than willing to give to you as tributes.”
“Do not make me ask again, my son.” said Akhenaten, his words aloft and filled with menace. “Yours is not to question our word or that of your God. Yours is to do as you are told, without hesitation. Your God is a jealous God, and does not tolerate those who fail to do as his chosen have asked.”
“I understand, my lord.” said Yashu, bowing his head in servitude. “However, I am unsure how to tell this Havilah gold from any of the other gold we collect.”
Smenkhkare stepped forward and took a lump of gold from his pocket, beckoning a torch carrying guard to stand by his side. “The gold of the lands of Havilah was made sacred by your God. It is imbued with the very essence of his power.” he said, as he took a knife and scored the edge of the golden lump, before holding it to the flame. 
Instantly, the orange flicker roared a violent red, its crimson fingers reaching high into the night sky, a plume of black smoke issuing above the flaming jet. 
The guard holding the torch nearly dropped it, the flames singeing his brow and burning the hairs on his arm, as the gathered crowd let out gasps of wonder at the divine spectacle before them. 
As the flames died down and the torch returned to its normal colour, all that could be seen on the blade was a faint white powder where the gold once was.
“That is how you can tell the good gold from the bad.” Smenkhkare said, raising his voice so all could hear his words. “This is the gold we use to commune with our God. It is what we need to gather up if we are to be led to the lands he has promised us.” 
“I understand, my lord.” said Yashu, in awe. “What should we do if anyone refuses to hand over their possessions?”
“You shall tell them that you are children of the one true God.” said Akhenaten, with vile indifference. “You shall tell them that you will reap your God’s vengeance upon them if they do not do as you ask, and if they still do not hand over their gold, you shall strike them down in order, starting with their first-born males. They will soon give in to your demands.”
“You should know the priests of Ra are already gathering to instate a new king and take back their power. What you ask will be difficult.” said Yashu, his apprehension evident.
“Then we must move quickly, my son.” said Akhenaten, his voice taking on a soothing calm. “We must strike with a swiftness remembered by all who witness it. We must move into position and do this in a single evening. Our God will be at our backs. We will move as his hands and strike our enemies with his might.”
“I will ready the men to be in position to do this tomorrow evening.”
“Good.” said Akhenaten, his grin widening. 
Akhenaten knew the men required inspiring to do the things he needed of them. He needed to keep up the aura of godhood surrounding him long enough to fulfil his destiny. 
“We are now free men.” Akhenaten said, raising his hands high to hush the crowds. “We were all slaves to the villainy of the priests of our past and we are now free to be exalted by our new lord and master. Our true God!” He paused in the rapturous applause that followed his words, savouring the adulation pouring from his followers. “Therefore, from this day forth, we will honour our forefathers who worked so tirelessly to remove us from the sins of our past, and uncovered our God’s great plan. We shall let go of the bonds that our names bind us with.” He turned and looked into the eyes of Yashu. “You were once Yashu of the lower caste, first bodyguard of the Pharaoh. From this day forward you will be known as Yehoshua, son of Nun, first of the children of Israel!” 
The crowd of gathered men cheered, and called out praise to Israel and to Yehoshua, as Akhenaten raised his arms above his head with triumph. Everything was playing out just as he planned.
Once the chanting and song ended, the crowd of men slowly dispersed, making their way back out of the temple.
“There is one other task I must ask of you, Yehoshua.” said Akhenaten, pulling him to one side.
“Anything, my lord.”
“I need you to go back to Iunu and retrieve the other staves, the twelve rods that belong to the high priests who have fought us so long. Do not ask why and do not tell anyone what you are doing. I am placing my faith in you.”
“I will not let you down, my lord. I will also organise for some of the men to remain in ambush for J’tan should he show his face at this place.”
As they all filed out of the temple, Akhenaten looked back at the crumpled body of Amjad. No one lives forever, he thought, as he turned back to the elated group and broke out into another smile. Soon enough however, that would no longer be true. 





Chapter 12


The car’s occupants remained in contemplative silence all the way to the airport. When they arrived, Chris drove round to the series of private hangers and flight schools lining one edge.
“I take it we’re flying economy?” asked Justin, as the group exited the car. 
“No way. If I ever needed to leave in a hurry, I was always prepared to do it in style!” 
The group hurried after Chris, as he marched toward the immense doors of a large, grey-domed hanger. Inside was a solitary plane. The sleek, white, Gulfstream jet sat at a jaunty angle in the massive space. To its side, a lone man busied himself making checks of external instruments, occasionally rubbing marks from the fuselage.
“Lieutenant!” Chris said, striding forward and beaming. 
The man stopped what he was doing and looked over, his surprise fading as recognition dawned. “Colonel! It’s a pleasure, sir!”
“Bird looks good. Still making money from her?” Chris said, as he shook the man firmly by the hand. 
“Beats fixing cargo planes on a sand runway, colonel.”
“That’s for damn sure lieutenant.”
Chris knew the man from his past. Lieutenant Sean Patrick was once of the RAF. Assigned primarily to Covert Ops, he had seen his fair share of life-threatening situations. He was what many in the armed forces called an ‘Angel’, a fly-boy with nerves of steel, willing to take a risk to save his colleagues.
In ninety-one, just weeks before the end of the first Gulf War, Chris was on his way to Al-Najaf to assist with the insurgents in and around the oil wells. Alone at night in the freezing Iraqi desert with ammo running low and hounded by Islamic rebels intent on his capture, Chris lit a flare on a hillside in last desperate attempt at recovery.
The light from the flare gave his location away to every insurgent within a five-mile radius. Within thirty seconds of lighting it, his position came under fire from both RPG and mortar rounds. Hunkered down by a boulder, only a few feet from the flare, he made his final farewells to this life. There was no way rescue would make it in time, if indeed any came at all.
It was then the night sky lit up. Phosphor flares, usually reserved as heat-seeking missile decoys, poured down from a helicopter flying low and dark over the hillside. 
Chris knew that to fly a helicopter at night was practically impossible, but to fly one near a mountain with all external lighting off was tantamount to suicide.
The flares blinded any enemy using night vision, and the dust cloud thrown out by the chopper took line of sight from the rest.
Screaming over the noise of the rotors as he hovered inches from the ground, Lieutenant Patrick hurried Chris inside and set off into the night. 
During his career, Chris made it his business to advance Lieutenant Patrick as much as his position would allow; he owed the man at least that. 
Just three years ago, Chris received word that Lieutenant Patrick had retired, starting his own private jet company in the process. From that moment on, all Chris’ escapes routes were re-planned to include the five-star comfort of his aircraft. If you have friends with benefits, you may as well use them, he always told himself.
“I’m afraid I’m not here to catch up, Sean.” said Chris, apologetically. “I need to activate my escape clause. I hope you can accommodate the request on short notice. I have three passengers. This is Louisa Marshall, Justin McDonald, and David Edwards.”
A worried look spread across Lieutenant Patrick’s face, as he nodded and motioned toward the side of the plane. “If you’d care to get on board, I’ll organise our take off window and get on with the pre-flight checks. I’m sure you’ll find her a more than pleasant conveyance.”
The interior was unlike anything Chris had ever seen. He was used to cargo planes, where seating consisted of boxes or wooden benches, or helicopters that had seen so much action the back seats were little more than cloth covering the hull; never anything like this.
Even though the fuselage was forty feet long, it held just eight seats. Each was a plush, imperial-looking recliner. Interspersed around the seating, wooden coffee tables, walnut burr panelling, and a dizzying array of flat panel screens provided the cabin a spacious luxury he could not believe possible. 
“Nice touch.” said Justin. “I wonder how much this sucker cost?”
Louisa giggled and for the moment at least, forgot the horrors of the morning and slumped into a chair. As she sunk into its lavish covering, her eyes widened and the harsh edges of stress fell away from her face. 
Chris smiled as Louisa lounged as far back as the mechanism would allow. He was sure that if she were a cat, she would be purring. 
 “Is this to everyone’s liking?” said Chris, a round of murmured acquiescence giving him the sense they were all sufficiently impressed. “If you want a drink, there are fridges situated under each of the tables and there’s a small galley at the back if you want anything hot.”
Just fifteen minutes later, their pilot embarked and took up his seat in the cockpit. “We’ll be taxiing to the end of runway shortly and from there we’ll be flying out toward the North Sea and then over to Schiphol Airport. I hope you all have a pleasant flight.”
Chris watched as the group relaxed. Now would be a perfect time to press for more information. He knew that cross-contamination protocols would be raised again, but he had to try. Without the information, both he and Carl would be flying blind in their attempts to track down what was needed.
“Before we land in Amsterdam,” said Chris, finding a pause in the chatter. “I need to know what it is that you’ve all been working on.”
“You realise we are not allowed to discuss that colonel?” said Dave, swivelling his chair to face him.
Chris knew the refusal would come from Dave, but somehow he had to find a way round the impasse. The direct approach was potentially his best option.
“None of that matters now professor.” said Chris, calmly. “The primary reason for the attack on the base has to be what you were doing. Unless we all know what was going on, how are we supposed to work out why?” He could see Justin and Louisa nod as he spoke, they at least agreed with his assessment. He need not wait for a response from Dave. “That being taken as given, I’ll start with you doctor.” he said, turning to Louisa.
“I suppose you’re right.” said Louisa, the conflict between her situation and her duty evident in her distant tone. “Steven and I were investigating a staff.” 
Louisa reached into her duffel and brought out a bundle of cloth. Carefully unwrapping its contents, she unveiled something that looked like the top of a shepherd’s crook. Exquisite carvings ran the length of its wooden shaft and met with a head fashioned into the shape of a cobra.
Chris leant back as Louisa spoke about her discoveries. Her voice was light and soothing. As she spoke, she pushed her fringe from her face, tucking the curled length of hair behind her ear and revealing her slender neck.
In his work, beautiful women were at a premium. Sure, the military, even in frontline combat situations, ensured there was no sexism in recruitment or placement, and Chris had certainly met some very capable women during his service. However, none of them, especially after living in squaddie conditions for a few months, could realistically be classified as good looking. After having to snap his focus away from the fantasies of testosterone one too many times during Louisa’s explanation, he now understood why having more beautiful women in the military could be fatal.
Louisa described how they used AMS and Beta-Bound world standards to derive their radiocarbon dating results for the wood of the artefact. She may have well said they used pixie dust; Chris had no idea what those things were. No matter the methods used, the date returned for the age of the staff repeatedly came back within the same range, twelve thousand to twelve thousand five hundred BC.
Justin seemed particularly disturbed by the comment, mentioning an archaeological site in Turkey called Gobekli Tepe. It appeared the staff might have predated even that.
“Gobekli Tepe?” asked Chris, lost for the second time in as many minutes.
“A monument or religious temple of some kind from northern Turkey colonel.” said Justin. “It was last used about nine thousand BC when, for some unknown reason, the people who built it, buried it. It’s turning the archaeological world on its head. It’s proof there were civilised people around long before we thought. Most archaeologists don’t think there were any civilised people around much before six and a half thousand years ago. Gobekli Tepe proves that thinking is flawed.”
Even though Dave’s frown said he heavily disagreed with what was being said, Louisa seemed to think similarly to Justin.
It appeared that Louisa thought the staff could be linked to a missing period in the history of humanity. Gobekli Tepe seemed to give credence to the notion there was a breaking point in our modern understanding of pre-history.
“A lost period of history?” said Chris, desperately trying to keep up.
“Not all history comes from writing.” said Louisa, pouting with the effort of finding a suitably easy way of explaining her thinking. “Most of what we know comes from archaeology. There’s a pretty big gap in our knowledge of man from eighteen thousand BC to eight thousand BC because of climactic changes. Not only was the last Ice Age coming to an end, but just after the staff was made, the Earth underwent the largest climatic schism in recent history. What we now know as the Younger Dryas Period.”
According to Louisa, the Younger Dryas Period was an event that occurred about thirteen thousand years ago. Found when scientists began trawling through climate records from ice core data, it showed that the Northern Hemisphere underwent a rapid period of re-cooling that lasted for a thousand years.
Until the Younger Dryas period was discovered, it had been accepted that the last Ice Age ended in about eighteen thousand BC, when the world began to thaw. It was assumed the warming trend continued gradually from that point to the present day, leading to warmer temperatures and the eventual creation of the fertile lands the earliest hunter-gatherers settled in, sowing the seeds of the first city-states in Mesopotamia and Egypt.
However, when the Younger Dryas period was found, that slow trend came into doubt. The ice core data from Greenland and Antarctica showed that about thirteen thousand years ago the northern hemisphere’s temperature took a nosedive, almost out of nowhere.
“The impact of the Younger Dryas is difficult to imagine colonel.” said Louisa, rubbing her hands together as she thought. “However, if you can understand the damage Global Warming has caused with an average temperature increase of just half of one degree, then you can probably begin to comprehend the climatic upheaval unleashed when the Younger Dryas caused a six to eight degree average shift. Plus, the full impact of Global Warming will take centuries to materialise, but the Younger Dryas took perhaps as few as five years to appear.”
Chris watched the news enough to witness the devastation caused by the slight shift in climate recently experienced. To try to understand something fifteen times worse in one twentieth of the timescale was nigh on impossible.
“Events as large as we are talking about have a way of erasing the record, or at least making it difficult to trace with conviction. Sea levels would have fallen, the ice would have come back, and animal species would have migrated. To carbon date, we require organic material, but when these types of events occur the record mixes and your dates become blurred. You simply cannot underestimate what effect the Younger Dryas had on the fragile, emergent eco-systems back then, or even to the humans of the time, let alone what it has done to the carbon record.”
Chris waited as Louisa re-wrapped the staff. He needed to get Dave to talk, to confirm any of what Louisa mentioned.
“Your turn professor.” said Chris, keeping his voice low. “I take it you got the same date from your artefact?” Dave started laughing, and to his side Louisa broke out into a smile. “I don’t get the joke.”
“Sorry colonel.” said Louisa, catching the frown on Chris’ face. “As I’ve said, radiocarbon dating only works on organic material. The professor’s artefact is made of solid gold; it can’t be done with inorganic material.”
“But I’ve seen them date pottery on archaeology shows.” said Justin, confused.
“They don’t date the pot boy,” said Dave, dismissively, “they date the organic material found in the same sedimentary layer. The only way of dating metals is if there is some kind of organic patina on its surface. In the case of my artefact, that material was unfortunately missing. And that’s as much as you’re going to get from me. You know the rules colonel. I can’t talk any further about my artefact.”
Chris wanted to reach into the duffel, remove Dave’s artefact, and study it himself. However, that would only infuriate the man and make him clam up even more. He needed another way to get to the information he required. With a grin, he turned to Louisa.
“How did you know Dave’s artefact was made of gold?” Chris asked, knowing the answer.
“Don’t say a word, Louisa.” said Dave, turning to face her.
“You’ve already broken your silence Louisa. You know we need this information.” said Chris, pushing.
Louisa conceded and started to reach for the bag, as Dave’s voice raised in intensity.
“If you go against my orders, I’ll have you arrested for a breach of National Security young lady!” said Dave, standing.
“If we are going to survive this, Chris is right professor.” said Louisa, ignoring Dave and removing another bound object from the bag. “As and when we are safe, I’ll get right back to listening to what you’ve got to say. Until then, I’ll take the advice of the one person here who is doing everything he can to ensure my safety.”
Chris held back a smirk. That was marvellous. He was beginning to like Louisa’s directness.
Louisa slowly unwrapped the heavy mass, exposing a beautiful golden figurine. The statuette was about ten inches long, depicting a cobra with fangs bared and hood wide. Only the head and a small amount of body were crafted, its surface polished so perfectly it shone, casting scatters of golden light round the cabin. Around its base, a series of curved indentations looked unmistakably like a handgrip. 
“As you can see colonel,” said Louisa, in the hush after the reveal, “there was not enough material on the surface to get any kind of result. We could extract less than a Nano gram. Way less than we would need.”
“What the hell is that thing?” said Chris, picking the artefact up.
Chris found his fingers fit perfectly into the grooves. It was a handgrip. The weight of the object was unreal. It felt like it should be much bigger than it was, and he struggled to keep his arm steady as he continued to pour over its surface.
“That’s a uraeus colonel.” said Justin, gazing at the object in wonder.
“A what?” said Chris, surprised Justin would have anything to offer on the subject.
“A uraeus is the name given to the representation of the upright head of a snake. Worn on the headdresses of Pharaohs, they were a symbol of power and knowledge.” said Justin, much to the disgust of Dave. “The most famous example of one can be seen in the middle to early kingdom carvings of Horus, who was one of the first gods of Egypt. The earliest depictions of him go back as far as the written word itself, to around three thousand BC. He was the falcon headed God of the Sun, who was thought to be either the son of, or the reincarnation of the God Osiris.” 
Chris blinked, trying to understand where the information Justin was divulging may be coming from. “And you know all this how exactly private?” 
“I’m a big fan of the conspiracies that surround ancient Egypt colonel. It has been a hobby of mine since I was a teenager. It’s one of the reasons why I asked to be assigned to the base.”
“You’re barely out of your teens now boy.” said Dave, just loud enough so that everyone could hear.
“Ignore him.” said Chris, attempting to keep Justin’s mind focussed. “What else do you know?”
“Just myth really.” said Justin, leaning forward. “The uraeus worn by Horus was usually attached to the front of his Atef Crown, which was a large dome-shaped hat adorned with feathers. The Atef Crown Horus wore actually belonged to Osiris. Osiris received the Atef Crown, with its uraeus adornment, from Ra, when Ra became too old to continue wearing it.”
“How do Gods get old?” asked Chris.
“The Egyptians believed all their Gods grew old and died. They believed Ra died each night, resurrected anew in the morning.” said Justin, happy to be involved in the discussion. “There’s an interesting tale about the uraeus of Ra. The story goes that when Ra gave it to the mighty Osiris to wear, Osiris got an unbearable headache and began to vomit. So, Ra had to take it back until he was used to wearing it. It’s why some people think it’s an example of ancient technology. There’s good evidence mankind may not have been as stupid as we thought all those years ago.”
“Good evidence!” said Dave, almost spitting the words out. “Utter rubbish.”
“There’s all that information from Egypt, the stories in the Bible, and the writings on the tablets from Sumeria.” said Justin, defending his comment.
“Don’t talk poppycock! There isn’t a single shred of actual evidence anywhere.” said Dave, in a demeaning tone. “And its Sumer, Assyria, or Mesopotamia. There’s no such place as Sumeria.”
“That still doesn’t explain why, with what has just been said about Osiris, it sounds like he’s using some kind of device.” said Chris.
“Colonel, colonel, colonel.” said Dave, tutting. “Just because your interpretation, based on your own experience with the use of devices, means that to you the story sounds reminiscent of a piece of equipment. It doesn’t mean the original story had anything to do with it. You’re applying your life experiences where they are not warranted. The early eastern cultures had no idea what a device is, let alone have any inclination to write about them. Any similarity is nothing more than a coincidence.”
“I don’t agree.” said Justin, holding his ground. “There are loads of examples of technology being invented by civilisations that don’t fit our chronological understanding. Just think about how out of place fireworks or grenades are to a race of people who have not mastered glass of grasped the concept of building foundations. Yet, the Chinese developed them both, thousands of years ago. And what about the Baghdad battery or the Antikythera Mechanism? Even the Romans invented central heating and flushing toilets four hundred years before they got their heads around the mathematical notion of zero. I’m not suggesting these things were invented by scientists as we would know them, maybe those people stumbled across them by chance, but you shouldn’t eliminate the possibility just because you don’t like the consequences.”
Justin’s comments were sensible. If the military hierarchy thought of these artefacts as weapons, the possibility they were manufactured had to be at least considered.
“So what do you think these things are professor?” asked Chris, hoping Dave would take the bait.
“I suppose it doesn’t matter now.” said Dave, sighing. “Louisa and Justin have told you just about everything else. As Justin has just said, there is a possibility, and I stress that point very strongly, that my artefact could be the uraeus of Ra. I was hoping to find out if the other artefacts were those of the Ark of Ra, a legendary item from Egyptian mythology that contained three items Ra left to this world before passing to the next; a solid gold uraeus, a staff, and a lock of his hair.” He lounged back in his seat and adjusted his glasses. “However, that theory is blown out of the water because I know for a fact artefact three was a four inch metallic diamond, and not a lock of hair.”
“It could have been a storage vessel.” said Justin, deep in thought. “We’ll never know unless we find it.”
Chris nodded. It was a long shot, but it could be true.
“So, what’s the big deal about them?” said Louisa. “Who would kill for these things?”
“That’s why I need to get to Carl. If anyone knows, he will.” said Chris.
The group dissolved into chatter. Justin walking Louisa through many of the conspiracies he knew about Egypt and Dave constantly interjecting with derogatory comments about the lack of physical proof for any of them.
Chris had heard enough. His head hurt and his bones ached. He yawned reflexively and stretched, exhaustion taking hold. 
As the plane taxied into position, and the engines reached their crescendo, his fight with tiredness was finally lost and he was sound asleep.





Chapter 13


J’tan stumbled down the edge of the temple, loose stones cascading from the unsure surface, as he scrambled toward the entrance. 
Samali trailed behind, gracefully flowing down the incline, barely raising dust clouds with her footfalls. 
When they were back at the side of the temple, J’tan slowed, scanning the landscape for signs of activity. “I think they are gone.”
“Do not be so sure.” Samali said, tapping his shoulder. “I can still hear breathing.”
J’tan listened hard, but could hear nothing. He was a trained hunter and was proud of his abilities, but if she could hear anything over the drone of the desert, she was a better tracker than he would ever be. 
“Are you sure you are not just hearing the ghosts of the sands?”
“I know the difference between night winds and breathing,” said Samali, with irritation, “and I can hear three men. One is much larger than the others, and one is not well.”
“Where?”
“Two inside the entrance and one further back into the temple. It is difficult to tell.”
J’tan shrugged and made his way toward the entrance. The wind was gusting and small night devils chased each other across the moonlit landscape as he approached the wide opening. Keeping his back firmly planted against the wall, he walked methodically, attempting to make no sound. 
“Allow me.” Samali said, as she strode around him.
J’tan reached out a hand to stop Samali, but she moved out of reach too quickly for him to restrain. He watched helplessly as she walked nonchalantly forward, her short, tight body swaying with each footstep.
Samali feigned a startled expression as she rounded the corner, as two figures, one much larger than the other, moved from their positions in the darkness to meet her. The large figure began shouting, demanding to know why she was here, as he grabbed her slender arm with a massive hand. 
J’tan cursed himself for not moving faster to stop the impetuous woman, as he slowly drew his knife and readied to charge. 
Before J’tan could move, Samali struck the huge man in the throat; her fingers held rigidly outward. The guard released her immediately and slumped to his knees, both hands now clasped round his ruptured windpipe. The second man tried a swipe of his blade, but she spun sideways, easily dodging the attack. She grabbed the guard’s wrist and turned it viciously over, forcing out an anguished scream, as he instinctively released his grip. Before the blade hit the floor, her foot flashed upward into the man’s jaw. Spittle and teeth sprayed from his mouth, as the force of the blow snapped his head back, lifting him from his feet, and sending him crashing to the ground.
J’tan gazed in awe at the prowess on display before jogging over. 
“You are quite the warrior.” J’tan said, as Samali stripped the guards of their water pouches and threw him one.
“I have told you before. I have been trained to take care of myself.”
“Of that, I now have no doubt, but what of the third man?”
“The third is the man we seek. He is not long for this world. I do not think he will be of any use to us.” Samali said, pointing to the end of the causeway.
J’tan hardly waited for her to finish speaking before he was heading up toward Amjad. 
When J’tan arrived at the mason, he turned him on to his back and gazed in horror at his face. His pallor was so livid and his skin so drawn he looked as though he should be at least eighty summers old. However, even in the half-light of the temple’s interior, he could still make out a faint twitching of the man’s face. His quarry was still alive.
“Can you hear me mason?” J’tan said, placing a hand under Amjad and gently lifting him from the stone floor.
“What have I done?” said Amjad, his voice hoarse.
J’tan quickly assessed Amjad’s chances of survival; there were none. Whatever information he could provide must be extracted straight away. “The same as I once did, what you thought was right. If you want redemption, you must help me now. What are the Pharaohs’ plans?”
“I will tell you what I know,” said Amjad, gasping, “if you help me.”
“If your task does not interfere with my mission, I will do everything you ask.”
“I need you to promise to save my wife and children.” said Amjad, holding back tears. “I have failed them and they should not pay for my stupidity. Promise you will find them and save them, and I will tell you what I know.”
J’tan thought back to the day Smenkhkare sent him to the mason’s house. Back then, he had no reason to suspect Amjad would end up killing his friend. As his subordinates searched the mason’s dwelling, he took his family outside and forced them to sit in the street. 
When Amjad finally arrived home, they were bawling. However, his was not to judge. The Pharaoh gave orders and back then, he followed them without question. Smenkhkare decreed that the mason’s family should be taken to the harem and placed under guard. At the time, the reason for this was never in doubt. Yet, after the events he just witnessed, he realised he had been duped into giving the Pharaoh leverage over the mason should he not assist in his diabolical plans.
“This I will do for you.” J’tan said, bowing his head in respect.
“May Horus hold you true to your word.” said Amjad, steeling himself against the effort of his words. “I overheard the Pharaoh say that his followers are to strip gold from the inhabitants of the lands. He said that if the people refuse, they are to kill their first-born heir.”
“What does he need them for? When does he plan to do this?”
“Tomorrow night. They are of the Zep-Tepi. They are part of the Gods’ great plan…” Amjad said, as he started to cough violently. A rattled expel of air followed, as his body began to writhe and convulse with every strained attempt for breath. “Save my children” he said, his lungs finally devoid of the capacity to inhale. “Tell my wife, I…” But there was no more. 
J’tan saw the life dissipate from the mason’s eyes and slowly lowered him back to the ground. He bowed his head and prayed to Horus to guide him through the rivers below this firmament to his afterlife. After his prayer ended, he made his way solemnly down the ramp to Samali. 
“We have work to do. I have promised I would rescue the mason’s family.”
“How do you plan to accomplish this?” said Samali, her voice mirroring the distressed look on her face.
“I still have family in the Great City. If we can get to them, without being seen, and they will help us, we should be able to get close to the palace.”
“And what of the Ark and the artefacts? We cannot let them get away.” said Samali, shocked that he would so quickly agree to something so disparate from his goal.
“I have given my word and I do not intend to break it. You should do as you feel you must.” said J’tan, his quiet manner echoing his distraction of thought. “However, I would greatly appreciate any assistance you would give.”
Samali looked at J’tan, every instinct telling her to leave and follow the Pharaohs. Yet, something inside her made her stay. She hoped it would not turn out to be a mistake.
 





Chapter 14


As soon as the plane landed in Amsterdam, Louisa watched as Lieutenant Patrick put his plan into action. As it turned out, if you were flying on a private jet you were granted certain privileges passengers flying carriage were not. Avoidance of face-to-face passport controls and a lack of stringent manifesto checks being just some of the many advantages their plan relied upon.. 
Once off the plane, Lieutenant Patrick’s organisation became nothing short of exceptional. Inside five minutes of disembarking, they were handed keys to a car and a reservation for a hotel in the city.
The drive from the airport was pleasant enough, and allowed Louisa to take in the view. As they turned off the Einsteinweg into the centre of Amsterdam, the traffic became busier and their pace of travel slowed. 
Louisa relaxed as she watched the late evening sun crash through the bows of the trees lining the beautiful Rembrandt Park, flashing green and gold in her eyes. 
Everywhere were brazenly dressed youths and conservatively attired dilettantes. Every sound that wafted through the open window bore a feeling of freedom. From the open conversations on every corner, the laid-back beats playing within the parks, to the sounds of the thousands of bicycle bells twinkling in the evening air, each one playing out its piece to aid the crescendo of contented admiration for life that washed through the city. She had never been to Amsterdam until today, yet she was already hooked. 
As they turned on to the Overtoom and down toward Amsterdam’s famous Museumplein, the traffic was practically at a crawl. 
Louisa leant out of the passenger window and allowed the evening breeze to blow over her. She heard tell of Amsterdam being a male-oriented stag venue for northern England, but being driven through its streets she simply could not see beyond its beauty. 
“Is this where we’ve been booked into?” asked Justin, a little awestruck by the three massive mansions converted to create the hotel they were pulling alongside. 
“Yeah, not a bad choice is it?” said Chris, as he spotted an empty bay and parked up. “We’re gonna have to move it along folks.” he said, as he strode to the check-in desk. “Let’s just drop anything we don’t need and get going, it’s already half seven.”
Louisa was hurried upstairs to her room, the hotel’s opulence barely registering. As she unlocked the door and strode inside, she realised just how expensive staying here could be.
The room’s floor was polished marble, and a finely covered chaise-longue sat underneath an imposing bay window. Giddy, she strode into the bathroom and nearly feinted. Golden taps dangled into a kidney-shaped porcelain tub that must have been at least six feet long and four wide. 
Grabbing a complimentary hairbrush from the side of the sink, she neatened herself as best she could and washed her hands and face. She still felt dirty. She knew she had to rush, but she so wanted a bath.
Louisa realised, psychologically speaking, seeing a friend die imparted a sense of grubbiness that could not be removed by soap and water. That fact did not stop her brain telling her repeatedly it was what she needed. As soon as they had met this Carl, it would be the first thing she would do.
A knock at the door roused her from her vanity and she opened it to find Justin waving her out with their cargo stored in a lone duffel slung over his shoulder.
As they walked down the stairs, she took in the sights of the hotel. It was magnificent. Porticos were placed at corridor ends, archways crossed every intersection, and rich carpets covered thick marble steps. The entire building was a joy to behold.
  “So which of the museums does your military buddy work at?” asked Dave, as they walked out of the massive lobby and into the late evening air of Amsterdam.
“At the moment he works for the Rijksmuseum. I’m not sure what he’s doing there, but I’m almost certain I won’t understand it.”
The group crossed the busy road, and took the walkway between the Van Gogh and the Stedelijk Museum, heading toward the plaza to their rear. 
Louisa had never seen the Museumplein before and the first sight of it astounded her. Its clean, crisp, open-plan layout allowed visitors to see the Museums sat at its outskirts without visual clutter. The façades of the buildings facing the plaza were grander than the ones pointing into the city. Even the bland front of the Van Gogh Museum burst into life when viewed through the evening haze and serenity of the park’s interior. Running through its centre, a busy walkway led directly to the Rijksmuseum. Lined with benches and areas for young and old thinkers alike to ponder the delights witnessed, it was neat, organised and yet tinged with a subtle hint of insanity. In was an environment tuned to cognitive thought, which massaged the mind and soothed away the tensions of the day. 
As they reached the far side and rounded the fountain before the museum, Chris worked at the mobile in his pocket. Almost instantly, a response came buzzing back. Without pause, he walked purposefully up to the ticket booth and leant over to the assistant. 
“I’m sorry,” the woman behind the counter said, in a soft, Dutch accent, “but the museum is due to close in half of an hour. We are not accepting any more visitors today. Please feel free to come again in the morning.”
“I’m not here for a tour. I’m here to see Carl Walters. I believe he’s expecting me. My name is James Smith.”
“Ah, Doctor Smith. I did not realise an assembly was arriving. Please, come in.” 
Louisa followed Chris through the entrance and into the museum. Behind the kiosk, areas of the corridor were enclosed behind wooden panels. 
“The main building is undergoing extensive renovations at present. You will find Doctor Walters in the Philips Wing.” the lady said, motioning to her left. 
“Thank you very much.” said Chris, leading the way at a healthy pace. 
The museum was as magnificent as it was extravagant. The building’s arched ceiling lines and contrasting colours were refined and elegant. The deep orange and red shadows that drew through the vast windows magnified the effect of size and left the viewer in a state of contemplative reverence. 
“It’s an impressive building.” said Justin, echoing Louisa’s thoughts. 
“It’s one of the finest examples of a purpose built museum in Europe.” said Dave. “Pierre Cuypers won a contest, of all things, to design a new museum in eighteen seventy-six. The strange thing is he came second in a contest to redesign the building thirteen years earlier, but none of the entrants was of a high enough standard to be accepted. I think it’s a pair of Spaniards, Cruz and Ortiz, who have done the redesign this time.”
“How come you know so much about this building?” asked Louisa. 
“An appreciation of the finer works I suppose.” said Dave, with a shrug. “The Rijksmuseum contains one of the greatest collections of European religious masterpieces on the planet.”
The contrast from the baroque, imperial looking corridors near the entrance, to the modern, steel and glass rooms of the Philips Wing could not be more striking. Gone were the sweeping lines and flowing architecture, and in were angular relief and modern, low-reflective cabinets. The rooms open in the wing all appeared busy and a hushed murmur of appreciative chatter ran through them. 
The first thing that struck Louisa, other than the stark splendour of these magnificent viewing rooms, were the disparity of groups present. If she went to a museum in any British city, it would be filled with a selection of forty-something’s or high-browed academia. Yet here, most were in their late teens or early twenties. These were not however, simply students and artists. The museum was a meeting place for these people, a melting pot of stimuli that cared not for age. 
“Anyone know where anything is in here?” Chris asked. “I’ve got one word to go on, Fowl.”
“Ah! Follow me.” said Dave. “I believe that’s a reference to the work of Melchior d’Hondecoeter, a Dutch artist of the seventeenth century. Classed by many as one of the finest bird painters Holland has ever produced.” He walked through a few areas before coming to a wall marked ‘Masterpieces’. “Here we are. Second gallery to our right.”
They moved through the works of Rembrandt and his pupils and arrived at an empty room. 
“This is where he said he’d be, isn’t it?” said Justin, puzzled. 
“It is.” said Chris, bemused. “I suppose we’d better just take a look at the pretty pictures and wait.”
Louisa was not the museum type. Art, unless derived from an intent to portray a captured moment in all its aesthetic beauty, was just too artsy to be of any use in her life. She wished she had the time to stare at a picture for hours, noting the subtleties and nuances hidden in every line and curve, but her vocation never allowed such personal indulgencies.
She glanced across at Chris. He looked like he was in a DIY store, weighing up what timber to buy for an extension. It was clear he thought the same way about art she did. As she watched, Dave sidled up beside him.
“I take it you are not a fan of fine art, colonel?” asked Dave, crossing his arms and staring at the painting in front of them. 
“No, not really.”
“That’s quite a shame. Art is one of the only things that separate us from the animals.”
“That and heavy weaponry.”
“And what do you know about heavy weaponry?” an American voice said. “The James Smith I know doesn’t like weapons.”
No more than three feet behind Chris was a tall, good looking, and well-presented man. His accent was confident and reassuringly deep, a voice trained to be calming. He stood at roughly the same height as Chris and his finely tailored suit projected his heavy, muscular build.
“Oh, and people who spend all their time digging through old manuscripts in museums do Carl?” Chris said, as a huge smile spread across his face. 
Louisa’s jaw dropped, as Dave blurted something out that was astoundingly un-PC. 
“He’s black.”
The glowing grins Chris and Carl were sharing disappeared in an instant, both turning to stare at Dave. 
“Yessir! But not to worry there boss, this is just a hobby. I really work at the cotton farm and my wife picks watermelons.” said Carl, sarcastically, as he turned and glared at Chris. “Who’s the bigot?”
“That’s Professor Edwards.”
Carl’s eyes widened and the calm presence he exuded seemed to vanish. “The Professor Edwards?”
“You know him?” said Chris, worriedly.
“Professor David Edwards, a one-time dean of comparative religious ideologies at Oxford University, who is now a freelance religious archaeologist servicing the major governments of the world. Know him? I absolutely hate him!” said Carl, the edge of his top lip curled into a snarl.
“I know you too.” said Dave, putting a name to the face before him. “Carl Walters. Excommunicated by the pope for publicly expressing views of a dissenting nature. How did you end up being allowed to work here?”
“The Dutch value intelligence and integrity above ignorance. They’d kick your ass from here to Baghdad if they knew you’d come to visit.”
“I’m glad you brought me here to get insulted, colonel.” 
“You didn’t have to come here to be insulted, Dave. I would have happily insulted you from distance if you’d given me your number.” said Carl, moving toward Dave with menace.
“Guys! We’re here on serious business. We don’t have time to be getting involved in petty arguments!” said Chris, attempting to break the men up.
“I’m sorry colonel.” said Carl, straightening his jacket and trying to calm down. “I was caught off guard by your militant entourage. I know you wouldn’t have contacted me in the manner you did unless it was life or death.”
“I’m just glad you’re here Carl. Is there anywhere private we can continue this discussion?”
“I have an office out in the main part of the building. We can go talk there.”
As the group made their way back out of the gallery and into the offices at the rear of the museum, Louisa sighed. The last thing she needed right now was two academics at each other’s throats. She was flustered, tired, her day so far had been awful, and she still had not had the bath she so desperately wanted. Hopefully, Chris could coerce them into talking like gentlemen. If he could not, she was not sure she could continue to hold her desire for peace and cleanliness long.





Chapter 15


It was a long ride back to the Great City and J’tan’s limbs were saddle weary by the time they made their way over the last crest and stared out over the plain before them. 
The view was incredible. The first threads of the ferocious morning sun swarmed across the sands, casting long shadows down the dunes. Not more than an hour’s ride away, the Great City sat resplendent; a giant semicircle of stone set against the river, enclosed by a band of green.  The new day’s sun picked out the brightly coloured spires of the city’s houses, and the farms lining the bank of the river writhed with the activity of man and beast. 
Looking out across this wonder, J’tan felt his first pang of homesickness. With a surge of sorrow, he realised this may be his last chance to see it.
“It is a magnificent sight.” Samali said. “Your people definitely have a way with stone.”
He nodded a response, trying to keep his emotions in check.
“What is your plan?”
J’tan knew entering the city would be difficult. He did not know who might have been told of his rebellion, but he hoped, even if they had, the people who he needed help from would not have been swayed by whatever they may have heard.
“We shall head down toward the farmsteads to the south near the river. There, I will contact my cousins who should be able to get us into the city unnoticed. If I can get to Malachi, my student, he should be able to help us locate, and perhaps free, the mason’s family.”
“Where are they being held?”
“The Pharaoh kept them close, most probably in case the mason did not do as he asked. I placed them, under guard, in the chambers at the back of the harem. I can only assume no-one will have moved them yet.”
“How do you suggest we get in?”
“That is where you and Malachi will be very useful.” J’tan said, with a smile. “Come, we must make haste before my kin leave for market.”
They spurred their horses on and began the trek toward the southern tip of the farms. As they approached, they could see men busily herding goats into large pens, or tying bundles of vegetables to the back of pack animals for transport into the city. The women they passed were sitting in groups, milling grain to make bread, or chatting idly as the butchered lambs for the day’s food. From time to time, children playing in the dusty tracks weaving between the reed huts would catch a glimpse of Samali and come over in curiosity. With elegance beyond her youth, she would give each one a small portion of fruit and one of her intoxicating smiles, sending the beaming child scurrying away as if given the greatest prize on Earth.
“Is that you, J’tan?” 
J’tan turned toward the voice. It came from a squat individual sitting by a horse, tying long fruited branches together with grass vines. The man’s rough hands were missing digits and his face was dark and hairless. 
“Doriah!” J’tan said, dismounting and sharing an embrace, given with all the comfort and dignity of brothers. “I was not paying attention. How are you?”
 “I am fine. Your presence has been missed.”
“It has been too long since I came and saw my family. How is my sister?”
“My wife is fine. She is out in the fields, tending the newborn of our flock. Do you wish me to send for her?”
“I do not need to see her if she is working the fields, Doriah. As long as she is in good health, that is all I need.”
“I will tell her that you still think of her when she returns. Now, I do not wish to keep an important man longer than is needed. What is it that brings you here?”
J’tan swallowed. It appeared no one had been to see his family yet. That meant he would need to give both the story of what happened and the explanation for it.
“I need to speak to my cousins. Are they going to market today?” J’tan said, trying to buy enough time to compose himself.
“They are. I ready my own animal for them to take. Do you wish to speak with them?”
“As soon as possible.”
Doriah was so absorbed with talking he did not notice Samali. As she serenely glided over the ground toward them, he became absorbed in her beauty. “Is this your wife?” he asked, in a hushed voice.
“She is my travelling companion.”
“I am pleased to meet you.” said Doriah, bowing lightly as Samali approached.
“I am pleased to meet you too, Doriah. My name is Samali.”
Doriah was transfixed. He stood, mouth open, gaping at the attractiveness before him. 
“Can you take us to see my cousins now?” J’tan said, putting a hand on Doriah’s shoulder. “Or would you like to stare at my companion a little longer?”
“What...er... Oh yes.” Doriah said, turning red with embarrassment. “I’ll take you there now. Follow me.”
They walked down the street, before the clutch of shacks broke into an opening with a tree at its centre. Tied to it, a number of animals were laden with different goods. To the rear of the beasts, two men stood and chatted.
One man was tall and lithe, with long, muscular arms and broad shoulders. The other was shorter, with braids of hair that ran in tight knots down his chest.
“Albamek! Rishorn!” said Doriah, as he entered the clearing.
“I hope that beast of yours is ready, Doriah.” said Albamek, the taller of the two, as he turned to face them. “We can’t wait much longer for... J’tan!”
At the name, Rishorn spun, a smile stretching across his face.
“It is an honour to have you here, my cousin.” said Albamek, walking toward J’tan.
J’tan clasped Albamek’s arm firmly at the elbow and hugged him. “It is a pleasure to see you all are well, Albamek. Allow me to introduce my companion. Samali, these are my cousins; Albamek and Rishorn.”
“What brings you to our lands? I hope we are not in trouble with the Pharaoh.” said Rishorn, with a hearty laugh.
“I am here because I require your help.”
“And you shall have it. Any assistance we can give Pharaoh, we are happy to.”
“I am not asking for help for the Pharaoh. I ask it for myself.” said J’tan, worry taking the deep undertones from his voice.
“What has happened?” said Albamek, fear and hesitancy lining his words.
J’tan stilled his anxiety. These were his kin. He required their help, so he must treat them with the respect they deserved. He recounted the last three days’ story as best he could, being careful to leave out any information regarding the artefacts. 
“I can only add that no harm will come to you or your families because of this.” said Samali, as J’tan finished. “The Pharaoh is leaving these lands soon, and will not return. However, if you do not assist us, many people may be harmed by your inaction.”
Albamek and Rishorn glanced at one another. It was clear they thought that even if they did aid them, harm may befall their loved ones. No words were exchanged as the pair continued to fret over their decision, each one of them hoping the other would take the initiative and return a comment. 
“We will assist you.” said Albamek, eventually. “But only so you can restore honour to our family.”
“I will do what you ask, my kin.” said J’tan, bowing in respect of their wishes.
“We know you will our brother.” said Rishorn, striding forward and placing and hand on J’tan in a show of solidarity. “Now tell us how we may help.”
“I need to get back into the city.”
“Is that it? That should be simple enough.” said Rishorn, laughing.
“The problem will come if any of the guards recognise me. I need your assistance in getting inside the city without being seen as we enter.”
“That may be more difficult.” said Rishorn, thoughtfully.
“I have an idea of how to get J’tan beyond the gates.” said Samali, pitching in when no other plan was presented. “We will cover him with goods and march him into the city tied to the side of a horse.”
Albamek and Rishorn stared at Samali, a look of shock crossing their faces, which slowly dissolved as they turned back to one another.
“As we do not have time to think of anything better, it will have to do.” said Rishorn.
Samali caught herself before she chastised the man for insulting her. Her place in these lands was as a subservient. She was sure if J’tan were not present, the men would normally ignore anything she suggested. She saw, on too many occasions during her time here, repeated acts of brutality against women who dared speak out against their servitude. Here, many seasons travel from her home, she was sure men treated their wives as commodities to be traded, with values assigned to them like goats and bulls. The thought that at any time a man of these lands could claim her, as long as he could subdue her and shave her head, was terrifying enough to make her every night’s sleep shallow and uneasy.
J’tan’s cousins moved quickly to untie one side of a packhorse’s strapping, rigging up four heavy, leather braces. They carefully lifted J’tan onto the beast’s side, his face pressed firmly against the animal’s hide, and bound him to it.
“I will ride the beast so it shall not be overburdened.” said Samali.
“Then I believe we are ready to leave.” Albamek said, looking round the group. 
A short while later, their train set off out of the small square with Albamek, as the eldest male, leading the way. 
Once their caravan was out of their community it started along a main thoroughfare toward the gates of the city. Every now and again, another convoy of packhorses would join them from a different enclave and progress would be slowed. When they were within sight of the gate, progress was reduced to a crawl. 
When they eventually arrived, the main gate heaved with the activity of market. Sellers from all over the known world were here; Nubian artisans, Akkadian spice merchants, salt sellers from Karanduniash on the banks of the Euphrates, and the merchants of Mycenae. Many of these traders only rarely came this far into the lands of the Pharaoh and only when the weather was good and the season at home bad. The last few seasons were bad. Between drought and plague, most people were struggling to survive. Many of the city’s food reserves were desperately low and trade with foreigners was vital in keeping supplies of essential goods and minor luxuries flowing.
As they passed beyond the gate and entered the main square, the sound of bartering was loud. Around them, hundreds of sellers lined the walls of the mud-brick dwellings surrounding the market square, and yet more weaved around man and animal alike, shouting prices and proffering goods up for inspection to those still entering the city.
The fine pottery of the Nubian artisans, so essential in making food reserves last, was one commodity everyone needed during these hard times. Escalations in traded values were leading to several outbreaks of violence, and swarms of guards roamed the market area subduing the skirmishes. 
Albamek led their train through the throng and selected a spot between some spice merchants and a group of Nubian potters. 
“Rishorn!” Albamek said, as he dismounted. “I need you to work your spell quickly today, my brother. We cannot afford to trade too much for what we need, but we must get our supplies. The most vital is the ewes. Ensure you get two from the second or third summer. Be careful to look for the wailing lice this time. We cannot afford to lose more of our flock to infested breeders.” His instructions given, he turned to Samali and extended an arm. “If you would not mind. I am sure my kin has suffered enough.”
Once down, Samali and Albamek removed the cloth and quickly untied the straps holding J’tan in place. He stood and stretched as he was released, his powerful body covered in sweat and fur beetles. 
Albamek helped J’tan remove the irritating insects and gave him some water to quench his thirst. 
“You must change your clothing, brother.” Albamek said, handing J’tan a heavy, hooded tunic.
J’tan stripped quickly. He strapped his bow to his back before he put on the garment, tying a belt round the front, concealing his knives with an overflow of material. 
“I thank you, my brother.” J’tan said, with a respectful bow. “For all you have done for us.”
“Think nothing of it, my kin. Just ensure you return our family name to its rightful glory and allow us to find our place with the gods.”
“And you ensure you leave the city before nightfall.” said J’tan.
The two shared another bow, before Albamek departed to begin the process of arranging his wares.
“So where do we need to go?” asked Samali.
“We need to get to the training grounds by the barracks. Malachi will be there, as always, setting up for the day. I hope that we can reach him before the rest of the group arrives. Come.”
The rich smell of slowly roasting lamb drifted on the early morning breeze, clinging to J’tan’s nostrils and reminding him just how hungry and tired he was. 
As they weaved through the traffic in the market, the brightly coloured walls of the palace loomed above the simple houses surrounding the district. 
As they left the gate area behind, the houses thinned and they had to work hard to shift between areas of shade to make progress.
Eventually, they made their way to the rear of the mighty palace, rounding its encompassing wall, and heading to a simple structure located to its side. 
The training grounds were a basic affair; a large, open dust circle, with a few dotted wooden huts and a straw barracks, surrounded by a low, mud-brick barrier. 
As J’tan approached, he could see Malachi laying out wooden swords and knives on benches in preparation for the day’s training. 
“I need you to find out if he will meet with me.” J’tan said, motioning for Samali to go and do as he asked. “I hope he has not been convinced I am the monster who others may have described, but I cannot take the chance.”
Samali nodded, neatening her appearance before cautiously moving toward the boundary. As she approached, she could tell Malachi was young. Although shorter than J’tan, his impressive physique was equally muscled. He had long, dark hair, which ran in tight curls down his broad shoulders and his facial features were soft and not fully developed. If she were to guess, she would not have thought Malachi more than fourteen summers old. 
“Hello.” Samali said, as luxuriously as possible.
The young man lifted his head, his interest stirred when his gaze fell upon her. 
“I come with a message from someone who needs your assistance. Someone who hopes he can trust your wisdom and strength.”
“Who would need my assistance? I am but an apprentice.” said Malachi, his light voice conveying an inner power.
“I come with a message from the only person who would call for aid from an apprentice. A person whose name I cannot say.”
Malachi stood for a while, attempting to understand the cryptic words. Finally, his eyes opened wide and a knowing look crept across his face. 
“Tell your companion my presence would be missed now, but I will meet them after training has ended. I will repay my loyalty to them where they gave me their assistance so many moons ago.” 
Samali bowed to Malachi and walked back to their hiding place.
“Did he agree to see me?” J’tan asked, as Samali squatted to his side.
“Malachi said he would be happy to assist you and you should meet him where you once gave him assistance. He said he would meet you after his work is complete.”
“Then we should move. The place where I first witnessed Akhenaten murder an innocent is not far.” 





Chapter 16


Justin took the two cloth-wrapped objects from his bag, as Carl moved over to the table in his small office. 
Even though they had only just met, Justin could tell he was going to like Carl. His face was warm, softened by the first rounding of age. His voice, even though he could not place the accent, peppered with lustrous American twang. He could tell from how Carl held himself, how his smile projected itself to others, and how his words enticed listeners to want to hear more, he was a man used to doing good.
Ever since he was thirteen, Justin held an interest for the occult. He was an outcast as a boy, his peers teasing him incessantly. Among other things, they said he was a scrawny, underdeveloped, heavy-metal listening, roleplaying, pale-skinned, Emo nobody. However, their slurs did not bother him at all. He was happy to be ignored, especially by people who prided themselves on making fun of others. 
Justin spent his formative years in online forums, talking about the weird and wonderful mysteries of the world and learning his craft with computers as he went. Due to the knowledge gained, he held many opinions of his own about what they carried. He knew Dave did not see his point of view, but it would be intriguing to see if Carl did.
Justin watched expectantly on, as Carl revealed the artefacts from their covers. It did not go well. Neither did the revelation of the date returned from carbon dating the staff.
Carl staggered back from the table, nearly fainting and requiring Louisa to get him a glass of water. Five minutes passed by, before Carl’s colour had returned and the heaving of his chest had subsided. 
Still in shock, Carl eventually removed a decrepit bible and a hard-back tome from a cabinet, and ushered everyone to sit.
“Can I just ask what you were thinking, Chris?” said Carl, shaking his head.
“Not much to be honest. We’re on the run from our own people. Thinking has been something of a luxury today. But I came here for help, not the Spanish inquisition mate.”
“And what’s with bringing the Vatican’s bully-boy with you? You do know that Dave works for them, don’t you? He’s a member of PAS, the Pontificia Academia Scientiarum, the Vatican’s Scientific Academy. You’re lucky he hasn’t tried to steal the damn things, or have you thrown in ditch and cover over the hole. I wouldn’t be surprised to find he and his faith-based scientific buddies were behind your current dilemma.”
Chris turned and glared at Dave. It was clear to Justin he was working hard to restrain his anger; his fists clenched and his knuckles whitening fast.
“Now hold on a minute.” said Dave, shuffling uncomfortably in his seat. “I may well have my faith, but that does not make me a thief and a murderer.”
“Tell that to the Mexican government.” said Carl. “The last I heard, you were expelled from a dig because they accused you of stealing one of their artefacts. Was this your first assignment since then?”
“That’s preposterous!” said Dave, perspiring, his eyes flicking from man to man. “The Mexican’s have no evidence.”
“Evidence Dave?” said Chris, his brow furrowing further. “People who are innocent don’t use words like evidence when defending themselves. Are you finding it difficult to spit out your lies? Tell me you had nothing to do with this. Tell me, a man who has tortured Iraqi imperial guardsmen to find out local troop strengths, that you’re telling the truth.”
Justin watched, as Dave gulped and dropped his head. It was clear there was something he was not saying. 
Justin did not tolerate unwarranted violence, but Dave was painful to work with. He wandered around the base, issuing seemingly random and ill thought through orders, whilst drinking coffee and pontificating about process. The afternoon before Chris’ arrival, he even organised a meeting to go through what he described as ‘proper protocol’. He urged people to divulge only what was directly asked and nothing more, supposedly for fear of data contamination. If Carl’s assertion was correct, that meeting now held a darker purpose.
“I had nothing to do with the events at the base.” said Dave, pleading his case. “I was merely there as an interested observer.”
“Interested observer!” said Carl, with a forced laugh. “Suppressing anything that goes against church doctrine is not observing. You clowns took down Petrie and Champollion. Your only interest is to yourselves!”
“I’ll deal with you later.” said Chris, trying to keep his anger in check. “We don’t have time for a drumhead Carl. I need info. What the hell are these things?”
Carl nodded, firing one last look at Dave before taking the Bible from the table. 
Justin could tell Carl’s Bible had seen a lot of use. Jaded and old, its leather cover was scored and worn. Tiny coloured tabs with hand written notes were attached to the yellowed edges of its fine pages, and the golden writing that once covered its spine was worn down to a few random spots. 
Carl handled the Bible as though it was the most precious item in his word. He delicately pinched the cover, tossing it lightly aside, as he gently ran a finger down the tabs, stopping when he found the one he wanted. Teasing the thin mass upward, he supported it, before allowing the book to fall open. He coughed, stiffening his posture as he began to read.
“Exodus nine, verse seven; thou shalt say unto Aaron, Take thy rod, and cast it before Pharaoh, and it shall become a serpent. Item from the Ark of Ra number one; A magic staff.” Carl said, before flicking a few pages on. “Exodus sixteen, verse thirty-three; Take a pot, and put an omer full of manna therein, and lay it up before the Lord, to be kept for your generations. Item from the Ark of Ra number two; a pot containing a magic substance. Numbers twenty-one, verse nine; and Moses made a serpent of brass. Item from the Ark of Ra number three; the magical uraeus. Moses makes, or is given by God, all the items from the Ark of Ra, which is almost identical in description to the Ark of the Covenant. That’s why the Vatican is interested in what you’re doing. What you have in your possession are the original contents of the Ark of the Covenant.”
“Rubbish!” said Dave, his words loaded with total abhorrence. “Firstly, an omer of manna is not a lock of hair, and secondly, the uraeus Moses makes is brass. The one you have in front of you is gold.”
Justin could tell Dave’s tone broke the fragile resistance Chris had built up to what was happening. Twisting sharply, his face reddening with unrestrained rage, he lunged at Dave.
“I will not be asking you to be quiet again!” said Chris, grabbing a handful of Dave’s shirt and bellowing. “It will be really difficult to speak with my fist rammed down your throat.” He let Dave go, allowing him to sag back into his chair. “Your floor Carl, tell me what I need to know.”
Justin was not against violence. However, unlike others he did his basic training with, sating his thirst for it was not why he was there. Justin joined the military because he loved tech, and the army had the best available for two reasons. One, the Queen had more money than anyone else had and therefore could afford it, and two, civilian tech was kept three to five years behind the military’s by default. Therefore, the only way to satisfy his thirst to play with the most advanced toys out there was to sign up.
Knowing what went on back at the base, Justin knew there would be a darker side to Chris. There always was with senior military types, especially ones who did the kind of things he did. He hoped that would be the end of Dave’s outbursts. He really did not want to see Chris like that again.
Carl composed himself before he began, Chris’ outburst seemingly making him as uncomfortable as Justin.
Justin knew some of Carl’s early explanation from his own childhood. Raised in a small village with one school linked to the local church, morning assembly was primarily a chance for the priest to expound the virtues of the Church of England. Every morning, assembly started with a story from the Bible and ended with a hymn related to the tale told. 
It was because of this upbringing that Carl’s details on the life of Moses were not new to Justin. Saved from the cull of the innocent first-born males of Egypt by being placed in a reed basket and set adrift on the Nile; found and raised by the Pharaoh’s daughter; killing a man because he struck a Jew; having a brother called Aaron; serving only the true God; the ten plagues of Egypt; the Exodus; parting the Red Sea; the trek to Mount Sinai; the battles with the Amalekites; the burning bush; the ten commandments; the promised lands. The story of Moses was one never far from the lips of the priest.
However, what Justin never realised was that Moses was supposedly the author of the first five books of the Old Testament; what Carl called the Pentateuch. The fact seemed inconsequential until Carl pointed out that being the author meant Moses could put any slant on the information contained he wanted. That, in turn, provided the explanation of why the artefacts appeared as they did in the story.
Justin also knew it supposedly took Moses forty years to get out of Egypt. As Carl pointed out though, that was less than thirty yards a day, if you took a starting point of Tanis and a destination of Mount Nebo. It made no sense. How could the Pharaoh not have caught up with him?
“Therefore,” said Carl, as the group huddled round the table, “what we need to make the story in Exodus fit what we know from history is a forty year period in which people left Egypt during a radical social shift. We need the Pharaoh who presides over the events to drop the polytheistic beliefs of his ancestors and move to a monotheistic belief, and he needs to be a man who is described by the Bible as having ‘uncircumcised lips’. We also need him to have a brother who he is happy to rule as coregent with, and we need those men to have something to do with the names Moses and Aaron.” 
Carl grabbed the weighty, hardback tome entitled ‘Egyptian Dynasties’ from the table and opened it to show a beautifully carved granite statue. It was immense, at least fifteen feet tall. 
“So here’s your man,” said Carl, emotively waving his hand over the page, “the mad king Akhenaten. Notice how they have not made any allowances for beauty in the carving? He has a potbelly and oversized lips. It is the only statue of a Pharaoh that truly portrays how they looked.” 
“This actually looks like a woman.” said Louisa.
“You would be surprised how many people think that.” said Carl, with an infectious laugh. “Akhenaten was originally called Amenhotep, but he changed his name because he wanted everyone to move from the polytheistic beliefs of old to his new monotheistic religion of the sun god Aten. His reign was plagued with trouble from the wealthy priests he pushed out of power through his introduction of the cult. On top of this, his brother’s name was Smenkhkare, or ‘Vigorous is the Soul of Ra’. However, the priests of Ra were not put back in power until the reign of Tutankhaten. A Pharaoh who, as many people do not realise, was forced to change his name by those same priests to his much more well-known title of Tutankhamun. Therefore, Smenkhkare, who came before the boy Pharaoh, would not have been aligned solely to Ra. He would have been, if anything, aligned to the priests of On. Making his name Smenkhkare-On, and as you can tell, that name is phonetically similar in ending to Aaron. Akhenaten also had a daughter called Meritaten and, according to many archaeologists, Smenkhkare married her, and so she would have been Akhenaten’s sister-in-law, and in the Bible, Moses has a sister called Miriam. It’s not just people that fit the story. During the reign of Akhenaten Egypt experienced a great famine, and in the Bible Joseph saves Egypt from a famine right before we meet Moses. We also know the Jewish religion before Moses was nothing like the one left after his passing. The main differences being that it was polytheistic and did not have a set canon. History also tells us that Akhenaten had no problem with blending different religions together to suit his needs. His first incarnation of the Aten was as Hor-Aten, a blend of the established sun god Horus and his beloved Aten. We also know that Moses blended religions when he created the idea of Israel.”
“Israel is not a place?” asked Justin, lost.
 “The Bible does not refer to Israel as a place, ever. It refers to the people who left Egypt with Moses as The Children of Israel, but where they are heading was called The Promised Land. We should all know the Bible refers to people as being The Children of God. Therefore, when Moses describes his people as The Children of Israel he is actually talking about Israel as a collection of gods.”
The information was pouring from Carl as if from confession and Justin was struggling to keep up with the pace of his words. From his manner, it was easy to tell Carl was a peaceful soul, maybe even a priest himself. However, his words were harsh and tinged with a vengefulness generated by a life-changing event. Whatever that experience was, it must have been what turned Carl away from God.
“You have to remember,” said Carl, pausing and taking a sip of water. “most Egyptians believed that God was three persons, what Catholics later called the Holy Trinity. However, where they have the father, the son, and the Holy Ghost, the Egyptians had the father, the son, and the mother. At the time of Moses, the Jews didn’t have a name for their God other than the one Abraham gave him on the mount; El. If you add in the two most widely worshipped Egyptian Gods, Isis and Ra, the children of the three Gods become the children of Isis, Ra, and El. Is-Ra-El. Moses wouldn’t have cared what everyone believed, he just needed allies.”
“I’m confused.” said Louisa, as Chris smiled knowingly to her side. “Our testing returned a date of ten thousand five hundred or so BC. How are these artefacts linked to a man who was alive, according to most archaeologists, about one thousand five hundred BC?”
To Justin, that was a key question. If the artefacts were made nine thousand years before Moses was even born, then what linked the two?
“Strangely, the date was calculated by the Catholic church.” said Carl, to the surprised stares of the group. “James Usher, a Catholic bishop, was given the task in the mid eighteenth century of coming up with a date for the birth of Adam. So he took a known date, the burning down of the temple of Solomon, looked at who was alive at the time, and worked back from there. Conveniently, the Bible gives you the age of each of the principal figures when they have their first born son. You can follow the trail of these ‘begat’ markers all the way back to the beginning of Genesis. After a few year’s work, the figure returned for the birth of Adam was four thousand and four BC. However, this came into question because nobody could decide if begat, in the Biblical sense, meant conception or birth. Usher thought it meant birth, but if it means conception you can add another couple of hundred years to that figure.”
“Still not seeing ten thousand or so BC in there, Carl.” said Chris. 
“Well, to get to that date you need Genesis and Peter.”
“Ah, the original line-up.”
“Very good Chris.” said Carl, with a laugh. “In the book of Genesis, God creates man at the end of the sixth day. That means four thousand BC is the end of the sixth day.” He flicked his Bible open again, and carefully selected another page. “Two Peter three, verse eight; a day unto God is as a thousand years and a thousand years as a day. I can’t see what the discussion has been about all this time. The seven days of creation lasted seven thousand years. Right there in black and white. So, you add onto Usher’s figure the six thousand years for the six days up to Adam and you get ten thousand to ten thousand five hundred BC, depending on how you calculate your biblical chronologies. However, the Earth is at least four billion years old. Therefore, ten thousand five hundred BC has to be a marker for another important date.”
Carl was cut short by a knock on the door. After a few exchanged glances, the artefacts were hurriedly replaced in Justin’s pack and he walked to the door. He opened it to find the woman from the ticket booth standing in the doorway. “Can I help you, Johanna?”
“Sorry to bother you, Doctor Walters,” Johanna said, with a nervous smile, “but the museum closed half an hour ago. I’ve told security you were still here, but they’re saying we need to clear the building so they can put the alarm system on. I’m not trying to rush you, but they were very insistent. I think they are over reacting, but I would say that.”
“It’s ok, Johanna. We’re done here. I’d totally lost track of time, so thanks for the reminder.”
“I will leave you in peace then, doctor.” she said, turning with a swing of her hips.
“Have you got a bolt hole whilst you’re here, where we can continue this discussion?” said Carl, as soon as she was out of earshot.
“The Bilderberg.” said Chris.
“Way too classy for a punk like you.” said Carl, buttoning his jacket.
“We’ve got one more thing to do before we go. I need to send some mug shots to a contact of mine. He should be able to get us some travel documents for you lot, so I’m not blowing all my escape routes.”
“Still wallowing in the murk, Chris?” asked Carl, with a wry smile.
“That’s me, Carl.”
Justin waited as the photo-shoot concluded. He was hungry. Really hungry. He could not wait to get back to the hotel and get something to eat. Surely, a place such as the one where they were staying would be able to rustle up a decent burger.
A few minutes later, Chris dragging Dave by his arm like a naughty child, they were making their way back across the dimly lit park toward the hotel, completely unaware they were being watched.
 





Chapter 17


The interior of the car assigned at the airport was nowhere near as plush as the limousine provided in England. It harboured a faint odour of cleaning fluid and its leather was faded and cracked. However, that was only a distraction to the real activities of the day. 
The car’s occupants were in contemplative silence, the driver, facing forward, never turning to look at his solitary passenger. 
The passenger watched the group walk into the foyer of the Bilderberg with ironic glee. Ignorance was something the knowledgeable had always used to herd the masses. In many ways, this educated group was more ignorant of the swirling motions around them than the drones that walked by in the street. Many of them were oblivious to even the most basic forces that ranged against them in their everyday lives. 
A baby brought up in a prison would not know there was anything wrong with their life unless taught so. In the same way, if that teaching were guided, even the educated would only see their freedom as the compound in which their prison resided. Controlled revelation was no revelation at all. There were very few humans who may have glimpsed the walls of their prison, and even fewer that held the remotest idea about its simplicity. 
A scan of the police traffic and military dispatches from the UK had not drawn any further comment regarding the events of the morning. That could be a very good sign, or an exceedingly bad one.
With no time to lose, a handset unlike any available to the general malaise was activated, a selection made, and preparations for the retrieval of the artefacts begun. 





Chapter 18


Samali struggled to keep pace, as J’tan ran between the houses toward the edge of city. The route was difficult, yet his movements were liquid and easy. It was clear he had traversed this route many times, the detail etched into his mind. Eventually, the houses cleared and they entered a large, open plaza. 
To her right, Samali could see an elegant temple. Its front was made of granite and the large, gold encrusted, ibis-headed statues lining the entrance displayed the god Ra-Horakhti. In the centre of the opening, a large well with rope-tied buckets strewn at its edges was surrounded by playing children.
“We are here.” said J’tan, returning to a walk. “The temple over there is the house of the priests of Midian. They are a tribe from our eastern provinces, whose daughters are said to be the most beautiful a man can lay his eyes upon. The men serve in our temples and are well recompensed for their efforts. In return, they supply their daughters, every last one of them, into the service of our kings.”
“I take it Akhenaten murdered one of them?”
The question troubled J’tan, and Samali did not know why. He hung his head, a memory surfacing that his grimace showed was difficult for him to relive. 
“These women are not to have known a man.” said J’tan, looking skyward. “It is the covenant we hold with the priests. The first woman given to Akhenaten was a daughter of the current priest. Unfortunately, she had decided to give herself unto another man. Akhenaten found out upon consummation of their bonding and went into a fury. He came here and made the poor woman point out her beloved. He killed the man in cold blood and threw his body into that well.”
“How do you know all this?” asked Samali, trying not to discomfort J’tan further.
“Because I was here.” J’tan said, sighing deeply and rubbing his forehead. “At the time, I was apprentice to Pharaoh’s chief bodyguard, a man called Yashu. As a test of my allegiance, they instructed me to kill the priest’s daughter who had betrayed him with the other man.”
“And did you?” said Samali, suddenly worried she knew little about the man J’tan had once been.
“At that time I would have done anything to bring honour to my family name. They left me to my duty and took themselves back to the palace. I dragged the woman to the well, to do as I was commanded.” J’tan’s eyes glazed over as he recounted the tale, a slight trembling encroaching into his usually firm voice. “The woman told me she was with child. She begged me, in the name of Horus, to have compassion for her firstborn.”
Samali desperately wanted J’tan to tell her that he did not go through with the slaughter, her eyes searching his face for signs of humanity.
“You need not look so. There was no honour to be gained from such an action. Killing an innocent is not an act of the brave or the good. I let the woman live, as long as she and her father promised never to tell of what happened.”
“And that woman’s child...” said Samali, understanding the final part of the story.
“Is Malachi; yes.” said J’tan, the calm authority of his voice returned. “That is why I knew he would help me, no matter what they say I have done.”
J’tan motioned for Samali to follow, setting off toward the doorway of one of the larger houses surrounding the plaza, lifting the brightly coloured drape from the entranceway. 
“It will take a while for your eyes to adjust to the dimness in here. The Midianites like the insides of their houses to be shaded.” said J’tan, ushering Samali inside.
“J’tan? Is that you, my son?” a voice called out from a room beyond.
“It is, father.” he said, catching the look of surprise on Samali’s face and offering an explanation. “My father treats me as his son because of what I did for his family, and I honour his wishes in this matter. His name is Jethro.”
A cloth separating the two rooms of the abode opened and Jethro entered. He was a short, but stout man, whose grey mane of hair trailed down to his waist. He wore a tired looking priestly robe of Ra-Horakhti and his skin was rich with age. 
“Give your father a hug, boy!” Jethro said, clutching J’tan to his breast. “I am pleased to see you here. To what do I owe the pleasure, so close to the start of the day?”
“I need to wait here for Malachi to finish his training, father. We have things to discuss that are not for the ears of others.”
“You only call me father if something is amiss.” Jethro said, as he appraised J’tan cautiously. “Please do not be getting yourself into any further trouble for Malachi. You have done enough for us.”
“It is Malachi that comes to aid me, father. He aids all of us this day.”
Jethro caught the concern that washed over J’tan’s face and shuddered. “You must act with your heart child. All I can do is pray for you and hope the gods find your journey favourable. Now, you must excuse my hurry, my legs are no longer strong enough to carry me quickly to my daily work. I will send one of your sisters to tend to your needs. You look like you need a good meal and something sweet to drink. I think we have a jar of the good Mycenae wine left, so I will send it. And it is a pleasure to finally meet a daughter from the far eastern lands.” he said, as he lifted the simple shade to his house and made his way outside.
Samali bowed in respect of Jethro’s knowledge. She knew his people well. Jethro was from Ur.
“Far eastern lands?” asked J’tan, turning to Samali.
“A wise man, your father is. I have met his kind before. They are skilled mapmakers of the sky. My people say that they can chart more time than man has witnessed.”
“Egyptians taught them everything, and it was the gods who mapped the sky on the ground. We built our temples and monuments on the sacred mounds they left behind.”
Samali let out a growl of frustration. J’tan was a good man, of that she was sure. However, the entrenched dogma he kept spouting, no doubt a leftover of his upbringing, was a constant irritation she could no longer tolerate.
“The world does not revolve around these lands and its kings!” said Samali, curtly. “Your civilisation’s short-sightedness is why we are chasing your Pharaoh across the desert. Or have you already forgotten why we are here?”
“And what of your civilisation? I cannot even begin to try to tell you where you come from. I thought you may have been from the tribes of nomads that live out beyond the reach of the Hittites, but my father would know their name and he did not use it. So, tell me something of your civilisation Samali. Impress upon me why I should not have faith in my people.”
Samali was born in Zhōngguó. Raised by the side of the mighty Tuótuó Hé river in the shadow cast by the immense Gèlādāndōng ice flow, she was trained from childhood to be an ambassador. She spent her early years amassing the knowledge of the hundreds of different cultures her mighty Dynasty, the Shāng cháo, held trade relations with. Nevertheless, for all her learning, she knew trying to explain that to J’tan would be futile. He would not know of her race, let alone be able to pronounce its localities.
“I come from a land very few of your people are even aware of.” Samali said, trying to keep her voice soothing. “My people have seen civilisations come and go. We were taught by the same gods as you.” She took his hand and held it to her breast. “Our hearts beat with the same rhythm, because we are all the same. The great circle goes round and round. Your lands find themselves at the top of the circle for this moment. In times to come it will be another. The great serpent does not hold any one of us above any other.”
“I do not know of this great serpent.” said J’tan, his breathing slowing.
“The first great serpent was Zhang Dai, whom the followers of Abram call Shaddai. He was lord and protector of the great mountain, the first to be restored to the land after the flood.”
“The Zep-Tepi is the true tale of the First Time. It is the tale of the start of the world, when Atum-Ra brought the land forth from the void and separated the waters of the heavens from those of the afterlife.”
“You say this, but I know my heritage tells me the same story. Are you telling me my story is not my truth?” said Samali, concentrating to recite a memory. “Of old in the beginning, there was great chaos, without form and dark. The five elements had not begun to revolve, nor the sun or moon to shine. In the midst there existed neither form nor sound. You, O spiritual Sovereign, came out in your presidency, and first did divide the grosser parts from the purer. This is the tale of Zhang Dai, the start of the world as my people see it. So, you see, we are not so different after all.”
J’tan smiled, placing his palm on her cheek and feeling blood rush to it. “I am glad that we are not all alike.” he said, lowering his head toward hers.
Samali could not stop herself responding in kind, and stood on her toes to meet his approaching embrace.
“I have brought some wine and some food as father asked, my brother.” said a woman, as she came into the room, her vision concentrated on the reed tray in her hands. “I hope... excuse me!”
J’tan let go of Samali as the woman looked up, a grin creeping across his blushing face.
“If you had set the bed stones in the doorway I would have known not to enter, my brother. I am sorry for the intrusion.” said the woman, placing the tray on the floor and turning to leave.
“It is fine, Aia.” said J’tan, moving toward his sister. “You startled us as much as we startled you, I am sure.”
Aia turned and smiled at J’tan before bowing slightly to Samali. “Father is worried about you. He said you must eat everything I have brought. I am not to leave until it is done.”
“There will be nothing saved this morning.” J’tan said, wrapping an arm round Aia. “I have not eaten well these past three days.”
“You will save some for your... wife?” Aia asked.
Aia was tall, and her light brown hair fell in perfect, smooth lines down her slim body. She was perhaps twenty years old, yet her skin was still flawless, and her crystal blue eyes radiated all the seductive intent of womanhood. Gazing at her striking countenance, Samali could see why the Pharaohs coveted these women.
“Samali is my travelling companion. I will ensure she gets as much food as she requires.” said J’tan.
“Companion? It appears your journey has taken you further than you wanted, I think.” said Aia, playfully.
Samali smiled, as she crossed her legs on the floor near the food. 
 “I will ensure everything is eaten, Aia. Now leave us.” J’tan said, waving his hand toward the doorway. “Or do I have to place the bed stones outside in order to have some privacy?”
Aia giggled and nudged J’tan impishly with her hips, as she walked out of the doorway and back toward the temple.
Samali and J’tan remained in silence, as they gratefully ate the food Jethro sent, neither wishing to comment on what almost happened.
Once they finished eating, J’tan poured them both a quantity of the good wine, whose rich, intoxicating warmth filled their bellies and lightened their hearts. 
By the time the cloth moved again, J’tan was leaning against one of the walls of the abode, Samali cosily wrapped in his arms.
Malachi walked into the room, his eyes not adjusting to the change in light and slung his wooden training sword and leather belt straps on the floor.
“Be careful where you throw those things.” said J’tan, as the sword clattered to the ground.
Malachi turned, trying to get his eyes to focus. “Father! I am so glad to see you!” he said, with joyous glee. “When they told me that you had turned against the Pharaoh and against your honour, I dared not believe it.”
J’tan strode forward and hugged the boy, the strength of the grip belying the depth of feeling he held. “You know I am no murderer. My name is my honour.”
“And mine yours, father.”
 “I knew you would not be misled.” J’tan said, beaming. “There is something I must ask from you, but if you help me there may be no going back.”
“You saved me and my mother and became my father and my teacher. I have no honour if I do not help you now, no matter the cost.”
J’tan grabbed his son once more and embraced him, a tear of pride rolling down his cheek. “Then come. We have much to do and the light of day is surely at our backs.”
 





Chapter 19


Dinner at the Bilderberg was drawing to a close, as Justin leant back at an awkward angle on his chair and patted his belly. In front of him, two empty sundae glasses showed the extent of his indulgence. To Justin’s left, Dave was explaining to Chris and Louisa why it was imperative they found out what was going on back in England. Chris did not look overly interested, as Dave droned on about how important the artefacts they carried were.
Carl was sitting alone, studying the group. He found that watching people interact in a social environment was often the easiest way to discern what sort of people they were. It was certainly far easier than asking random questions on unimportant topics.
Pinpointing Dave’s motivations was easy. The man was a worm. His smiles were fake, his posture aggressive, and his voice irritatingly pitched to sound authoritative. Even if he did not know anything about him, he would instantly dislike the man.
Louisa on the other hand was a breath of fresh air. She held herself with grace, her elegant body movements pleasing to the eye. She radiated warmth and charm, her smile effervescently disarming. It was clear she was an intelligent woman, yet somehow she tempered her looks against her mental acuity in a way that did not make men apprehensive. Carl had witnessed bright, comely women attempt this before, but had never seen it accomplished so expertly.
Lastly was Justin. The young man made Carl smile. Sure, he looked like a starving Scotsman, but he was energetically engaged in every conversation. It was as if he was still a schoolchild; his brain desperate to soak up every piece of information that came its way. He fidgeted as people spoke, one leg shaking constantly; its frenzied bouncing increasing in pace as his interest heightened. It was good to see someone so young so engaged in intelligent pursuits.
Still smirking, Carl walked over to Justin and pulled up a chair to his side. Justin was so enthralled in Louisa’s current argument with Dave about the validity of radiocarbon dating techniques he did not notice his arrival.
“Justin.” said Carl, with mirth. “Come in Justin.”
“Sorry Carl.” said Justin, surprised to find Carl sitting by his side. “It’s difficult not to be a little zoned out with what’s going on.”
“Don’t worry about things so much. Chris is an old warhorse. He knows what he’s doing. Some of us are born soldiers and some of us are born to think; he has a knack of doing both.”
“It appears you do too, Carl.”
“Chris is the fighter around here.” said Carl, laughing heartily. “I may have been trained in the army, but I’m a nerd at heart. Look at what I do for a living!”
Carl’s conversation was interrupted by a bleep from a phone. 
“They’re here.” Chris said, replacing his mobile in his pocket and dragging out a battered pack of Marlboro. “I’m going for a smoke and to pick up your documents. Then I’m going to get a brandy from the bar.”
“We’re not going anywhere, man. Take your time.” said Carl.
As Chris disappeared, Carl could see Justin weighing up a question. His eyes were wide, and his mouth slightly open as if trying to vocalise his ruminations.
“I’ve never been very religious.” said Justin, finally blurting out his thoughts. “What made you change your mind?”
Carl was happy to respond. It was clear Justin was interested in what he had to say.
“I looked at the three great monotheistic texts for signs of man’s hand in their writing. Blatant plagiarisms, continuity faults; the sort of mistakes a man would make, but God wouldn’t. There’s one in the Old Testament, one in the New Testament, and one in the Qur’an.”
“Surely one fault in each isn’t enough?”
“These are not small errors I am talking about. They are fundamental mistakes.” said Carl, as he tried to coalesce his knowledge into something Justin could relate to. “To understand them, you have to realise that all three religions are practically identical. They all include stories about Abraham, Moses, Adam and Eve, the exodus from Egypt, and the great flood. Most people are not even aware that Jesus is a prophet of Islam.”
“Jesus is a what?” asked Justin, surprised.
Carl knew to most Christians, or at least those educated in Christian countries that comment was like a slap in the face. He also knew it probably needed a little context. “In the Biblical story, Jesus is born of the Virgin Mary, right? Well, in the Qur’an, Jesus is still born to Mary, it’s just that he’s not quite the ‘son of God’ he’s portrayed as in the New Testament. He’s actually born miraculously to Mary whilst she’s out in the desert; in a story very similar to Jesus’ forty days in the desert where he’s tempted by the devil. After his birth, he starts doing tricks like bringing dead animals back to life, so it’s clear he’s not entirely ‘normal’. He goes on to speak about Allah being the one true God, and even spreads his word in the same locations as he does in the Bible. Most Christian scholars see it as a tip of the hat to Christianity, to help convert its believers to Islam.”
“I never knew.” said Justin, startled.
 “So, returning to your original question,” said Carl, moving on, “I will start with the book you are obviously least familiar with, the Qur’an. It’s the holy book of the Muslims and was supposedly handed down from Allah to the prophet Muhammad sometime around six hundred AD. Many people have suggested it’s simply a regurgitation of the earlier Christian works with the plot holes removed, but I think that’s unfair. The book should live or die by the information and rules it contains.” In Carl’s diverse career, what he was about to say had caused him a lot of trouble. Justin, hopefully, was educated enough not be as insulted as others. “Unfortunately for the Qur’an, it has a rule that effectively kills it as being originated by God and actually means if you believe in the word of Allah as unquestionable, it should be thrown away. Surah four, verse eighty-two; Will they not then ponder on the Qur'an ? If it had been from other than Allah they would have found therein much incongruity. This effectively states that if you find a contradiction in the Qur’an it means it isn’t the word of Allah. It then goes on to contradict itself hundreds of times, most notably in reference to something we talked about earlier. Surah twenty-two, verse forty-seven; A Day with Allah is as a thousand years of what ye reckon.”
“That’s two Peter from the Bible!”
“Like I said, some people think it’s just a copy of the original Christian texts.” Carl was impressed. It appeared Justin not only listened to what others said, but he learnt from it, remembering the important, and measuring the information rationally against his knowledge. In his experience, that was the only true trait of an erudite mind. “Later you find that Surah seventy, verse four states; Unto Him in a Day whereof the span is fifty thousand years. This is clearly a massive contradiction. Therefore, if you believe in the divine word of Allah, you actually have to throw the Qur’an away because Allah has set a law telling you to! It’s a total catch twenty-two slip by an obviously fallible, human writer.”
“Surely someone has picked up on that?”
“They have, but the Qur’an is not to be questioned, upon pain of death in many Muslim countries, so nobody ever bothers. When people like me raise the point, we simply get called a kafir. One Muslim apologist called me a Kufrul Istihzaha when I brought it up at a seminar, which translates as a ‘degenerate mocker of Allah’. So, I called him a Kufrul Kurh, or a ‘denier of Allah’s laws’, for not accepting Allah’s wishes in the matter. I honestly thought he was going to kill me after that!”
“Was that for the insult or for the tedious manner of your delivery?” said Dave, raising Carl’s hackles.
“Moving on again.” said Carl, trying to remain calm. “This is from the Torah, the first five books of the Old Testament, so it’s a Jewish issue really. God is supposedly all knowing and all-powerful; what theologians call omniscience and omnipotence. The ability to see all time, past and future, as a single point in the present, and being able to create anything you want when you want it. The problem with this is God says he created the world and saw it was very good, Genesis one, verse thirty-one. However, he then has to kill everything in a flood because it was bad. If he were truly omniscient, he would have seen it was going to be bad before he created it, and thus would have created it in a better way, but he didn’t. The other problem is that omniscience and omnipotence are classified as separate abilities because they are mutually exclusive, as owning both creates a logical paradox, but that’s way too involved to explain now.”
“Good heavens you’re a dull man!” Dave said, raising his hands in the air to punctuate what he was saying. “I’m surprised anyone is still awake.”
“Come on professor.” said Justin, stepping in to defend Carl. “I’ve sat through sermons enough times to know boring from interesting.”
“You obviously weren’t paying enough attention, child.” said Dave, dismissively.
“Getting back to the New Testament.” Carl said, trying to finish his point. “And this one I really can’t believe I missed for all those years in the priesthood. Jesus is known as the Messiah, right? That’s because the Messiah is the Biblical name given to the prophesied saviour of the Jews, and Jesus was given the title because his story fits the facts required, including being of the paternal bloodline of King David. The books of Acts, Romans, Hebrews, and even the gospel of Luke all clearly show paternal lineages of King David that end with Joseph and his son Jesus. However, Jesus cannot be of the paternal bloodline of David and thus cannot be the Messiah because he’s born of a virgin and is the son of God! Think about it. If Jesus is the son of God, he’s not the son of Joseph and so is not of the bloodline required to be the Messiah. And don’t let modern Christian scholars try to tell you it was actually Mary who was of the bloodline of King David and so the prophecy is still fulfilled. The Bible is very specific about what is required, that’s why all those books have paternal and not maternal lineages in them, because it’s the father’s bloodline that needs to tie back to David, and Jesus’ simply cannot. That is of course unless Jesus was just a man and not the son of God at all, which obviously the church could never admit because it makes all the miracles, the virgin birth, and the resurrection complete fantasy.”
“Oh my!” said Justin, laughing. “I never thought of that! That’s outrageously bad. Surely something that simple couldn’t have been overlooked?”
“Unfortunately it was, and that’s why I can’t believe it anymore. Because it’s all so awfully invented, or perverted, by men.”
“So what are these things we’re carrying around?” asked Louisa, joining the conversation. “If Moses stole them from Egypt, how did they get there for him to steal? And why does it have anything to do with the Bible if you say it’s all myth?”
Louisa’s points were astutely logical and Carl knew it. These were not unintelligent laymen he was dealing with. He had to find another way of expressing his thoughts. “You just have to change your perspective slightly. I know for most Christians this is impossible because dogma is entrenched at birth, but give it a go. When we sent the Pioneer spacecraft on its voyage, what did we put on it in case some alien life form picked it up?”
“There was a golden plaque bearing some pictograms that explained who we were and where we were from.” said Justin, instantly.
“Correct, kid. So why did we send our knowledge encoded in such a way? Why didn’t we just send a textbook?”
“Because, without a Rosetta Stone, deciphering languages you don’t understand is almost impossible from just text.”
“Once again Justin; bang on the money! You are very good at this. Therefore, we didn’t send text, we sent pictures and an example of our technology. We showed hydrogen atoms, pulsar locations that included their variance so they could be identified, and diagrams of our sexes; we encoded our knowledge in a way we thought could be interpreted by others, the spacecraft itself an example of our achievements.”
“And so,” said Justin, his eyes wide with revelation, “our ancient ancestors may have done the same! They tried to leave a message behind here on Earth! However, they left the information in a form the primitive civilisations following them confused as being a message from the divine!”
“And so we finally head toward the truth. About ten thousand to ten thousand five hundred BC, a now lost civilisation was on the brink of extinction. It doesn’t need to be a concrete and steel, high-tech society like today; a city-state like Carthage fits just as well. Then along comes a natural disaster, something out of the blue; the Biblical deluge. In a flash, all their achievements are to be lost. So, they hatch a plan. They try to find ways to have something of them survive. They encode what they know of the motion of the stars in their buildings so that we can place them historically, and they store their most precious artefacts away to preserve them for all time. The early Bible recounts their story as fable and you guys are in possession of the things they left behind; our Pioneer People’s greatest achievements.”
“Utter rot.” said Dave, his voice loaded with disdain. “This isn’t an episode of Stargate. You’ll be telling us next that aliens are involved! It’s no wonder the Vatican wanted nothing to do with you.”
“That’s completely unfair.” said Justin. “I’ve seen loads of information on the web that backs up what Carl is saying.”
“You really should get out of the house more!” Dave said, in frustration. “I wouldn’t trust the information on the internet any more than I would trust the garbage Mister Walters keeps dribbling on about. Just look at Wikipedia! It’s got to be seventy per cent inaccurate and the other thirty per cent is only there for some base, comedic value.”
“Oh come on, professor!” Justin said, equally loudly and equally frustrated. “The web has connected the planet. It allows opinion and information to be spread everywhere; a world without boundaries.”
“Most of that information young man is just unfounded speculation. The internet is just one giant pub conversation. Thousands of morons spouting ill-conceived fantasies that every gullible idiot then picks up and passes back to the populace as truth! If we started teaching our children exclusively by what was on the web, civilisation would go backward at an alarming rate.”
“You’re just afraid of what the web has managed to accomplish. Look at the moon landings, the JFK assassination, and nine eleven. None of them would have been exposed for what they were without the web.”
“And what exactly are they Justin?” said Dave, grimacing. “The greatest scientific advance of a generation, one of the saddest days in American political history, and the single most defining moment of recent times? Or, are you going to win my argument for me by showing what the web has really proven: If you give enough monkeys enough information they will eventually come up with the theory that Shakespeare plotted the death of Princess Dianna! There’s a mass of sad, lonely, deranged people that plague this planet young man, you included it appears, and all the web has done is give you lunatics a soapbox from which to shout to the world ‘Look at me! I failed GCSE Maths and English, but I’ve figured out a clandestine plot to take over the world from the ingredients of cornflakes!’ You’re an idiot, boy!”
Justin’s face turned red and he slumped back into his chair, folding his arms across his chest.
“Justin has a point though professor.” said Carl, trying to regain control of the conversation. “Once you actually look at the evidence, there is little doubt the Christian, Islamic, and Jewish faiths are, and probably were always intended to be, based on the astrological cults of Neolithic humans. The date for the birth of Christ, December twenty-fifth, is the same date as the heathen festival of worship for the rebirth of the sun. Easter, even by name, is a direct copy of the ancient festival of the Eastern Star, which celebrated Sirius’ importance to early man around March twenty-fourth. Even the major characters in the Bible follow the ancient numerical patterns of three, four, and twelve that are prevalent all over the planet to represent seasonal changes and astrological star signs.”
“Characters in the Bible are astrological in nature? I’ve never heard such drivel! And besides, what does any of this to do with the deluge? Are you going to tell me that’s astrological too? Maybe, there’s a hidden code somewhere in the story of the great flood that you have to decode using information deciphered from statues in Naples! Or maybe, it links to Edgar Cayce’s mysterious Hall of Records, or even the lost treasure of Atlantis! Give me a break.”
“If it’s all fantasy, then how do you explain the fact that the world’s flood myths are all practically identical?” said Carl, meeting Dave’s challenge.
“Easy.” said Dave, calmly. “Because floods happen all over the planet and the events are of a large enough impact to require recording in some way.” 
Carl laughed. “Now it’s my turn to call trash professor.” He took a deep breath, trying to recall the best example, and turned to face Louisa. “Do you know how many flood myths there are on Earth? Especially those recounted by civilisations we know were around before Christianity.”
Louisa shook her head. “Like the professor I would assume, even though I don’t like to agree with him, it’s probable that floods are commonly written into myths because they are memorable. Does every civilisation have one?”
Carl nodded, again that was perfectly logical. “They do, but that’s not where I’m going. My point is, how many of those myths would you say were similar? And by that I mean similar characters, similar storyline, similar events etcetera.”
“Flood stories I would suppose are usually fairly similar by their nature; water, plus loss of livestock, plus landslides, plus death. But characters and events, that’s probably unlikely.”
Carl smiled. “What would you say then if I told you that I know of at least a hundred flood myths from around the globe that are almost identical in every detail; each from civilisations that could have had no contact with the other, and thus could not have spread the stories by word of mouth.”
“I would say you are an idiot.” said Dave, sighing as Louisa twisted at the interruption. “You’re a clever girl. Don’t believe a word this… this wretch of a man has to say about anything.” 
“OK professor,” said Carl, not letting Dave derail what he was conveying, “let me give Louisa an example, and we’ll see just how much of an idiot she thinks I am.”
Louisa returned her focus to Carl, leaning forward slightly as she waited for him to begin. It was clear she wanted to hear what he had to say.
“First thing is to make sure everyone knows the story of the Biblical deluge.” said Carl, slowing his words. “God gets angry with men for not doing as he wants, God tells Noah to build an Ark and bring on-board breeding animals from every species, God sends flood, Noah survives with family in Ark, Noah sends three birds to find land, Dove returns with olive branch in beak, Noah follows it to a drying mountain top, Noah brings life back to the world from there. Everyone got it? Good. So, I’ll give you an example of a different one. In the beginning, there was a great snow. A mouse gnawed a hole in the bag, in which the heat of the sun was held. The heat escaped and melted all the snow. The melt water rose rapidly and covered even the highest of mountains. An old, grey-bearded man had foreseen the flood and ran to the nearest village to warn everybody, but they had already left to seek refuge on the hillsides. The old man prepared a canoe and survived as the water engulfed even the highest mountain, rescuing animals he came across as he went. After being adrift for a month he sent, in turn, a beaver, an otter, a muskrat, and finally a duck to find a safe place to land. Only the duck returned, with some mud in its bill, which told the old man that land was visible again.”
“Oh wow! That’s like a kid’s version of the Noah story! Where’s that from?” said Justin.  
“It’s a story from the Chippewa tribe of North America. It could date from as far back as five hundred BC.”
“You are making the leap that the stories are the same because you know one story and are looking for the similarities in the other. Noah’s flood doesn’t have a beaver in the story, it doesn’t have people running up hillsides, and it isn’t set in America! Everything else is vaguely reminiscent of the story, but that’s it.” said Dave, a hint of anger brewing in his tone.  
“What? You can’t honestly believe the similarity is purely coincidental?”  
“Absolutely. One is the word of the divine, the other is a story told by a race of people who wore grass skirts. I know which one I believe.”
“All right, I can play your game professor. Here’s one from the North American Choctaw people. An old, grey-haired prophet was sent by god to warn of a flood that was coming, but everyone refused to listen. Before the flood arrived, the prophet prepared a raft and sailed upon it when the waters came. After a while, he saw a blackbird, which he tried to get to come to him, but the bird refused and flew away. Later, he spied a blue dove, which he once again tried to get to come to him. After some persuasion, the bird called back to the prophet and guided the raft towards a shaft of light from the heavens. The next morning, he landed on the top of a hillside, which had become as an island, and found it populated by every kind of animal. Now that’s a hell of a coincidental storyline! But, how about one from further south? This one comes from the Apache of New Mexico. Before the Apache emerged from the underworld, there were other people on the Earth. The gods told an old, grey-haired man and his wife that it would rain for forty days and nights and that all the evil men that dwelled in the world would be washed away. When the old couple told everyone, the people laughed at them and refused to listen. When the rains came, only a few people made it to the mountain tops by following the couple.”
“Those stories are localised.  The similarity is due to the proximity of the people. It is not due to some unseen originator.” 
“The Toltec people of Mexico said that one of their founder gods transformed himself into the Sun and created the first humans in an attempt to make the other gods feel stupid. They, in return, became angry at his audacity and made another founder god destroy the Earth and all the people in it with a flood. Or, how about the Mayan people? They believed that their gods destroyed the people of the First Time with a flood because of their carelessness in their observation of custom, which made them evil in their gods’ eyes. Still want more? The Eskimos believe that at the beginning of the world the Earth was flooded except for a very high mountain, which sat at its centre. The animals escaped to this mountain and a few people survived by travelling there in a boat. The people landed and, as the water subsided, followed the retreating shore, repopulating the world as they went.  However, maybe all those stories contain nothing more than a coincidental similarity?”
“Very possibly. All those locations are not too geographically distant from one another. It’s entirely plausible to believe that they shared local knowledge during trading with one another and precipitated the spread of the story.” said Dave, one eyebrow raised as if in challenge to the information presented. 
“That’s a fair point.  So, maybe we need to move further away. Is New Guinea far enough for you? Those people have always believed the world was drowned because people ate a goodly fish. Notice the link to Christian symbolism in that. They believe that a good natured, old, grey-haired man and his wife saw the fish from behind a tree. When they saw it, they became afraid that eating the fish was wrong. They tried to tell all the other people, but they wouldn’t listen. The people caught the fish and, heedless of the warning, ate it. When the good man saw what was going on, he quickly drove a pair of every kind of animal into the trees and climbed into another with his family. As soon as the men finished, water, from the rivers that they say were ‘below this firmament’, in another freakish Biblical coincidence, violently burst from the ground, drowning everyone. As soon as the water reached the treetops it sank back, and the good man and his family came down and started the world anew.” Carl did not even pause for breath as he continued, Dave would not be given chance to interrupt again. “Or maybe even New Guinea isn’t remote enough for you? How about Northern Australia? The Aborigines have been there since time immemorial and they believe that their creator god was angry with people because of the evil they did, so he caused the ocean to flood. All the people were destroyed, save for a man and a woman who climbed a tall tree on a mountain, and from whom the present human race is descended. All that said, why don’t we finish with the closest flood myth to the Biblical story; the epic of Gilgamesh. Written by the Sumerians in around three thousand BC, it predates the story of Noah’s Ark by at least fifteen hundred years. Scholars excavating the ruins of Nineveh, located in modern Iraq, found it in the mid-nineteenth century. In the story, Gilgamesh travels the world and has numerous adventures. Whilst on one of these he encounters a man called Utnapishtim, who became immortal after building a ship to weather a great flood sent by the gods to destroy mankind. The story tells how Utnapishtim’s ship contained all his relatives and two of every type of animal, to save them from the flood. It goes on to describe how after six days of rain, Utnapishtim released birds to find land. One of which, a dove, returned with an olive blossom in its mouth. He followed the bird to a Mountaintop, which had become as an Island, and repopulated the earth from there. Now if that’s not the same story as Noah, then I don’t know what is!”
“But it’s not the same story.” said Dave, standing and gesticulating wildly. “Carl has abridged it to make it sound similar. In reality, there is little to be found. For example, in the Biblical account it rains for forty days and nights, in the Gilgamesh epic it rains for just six. Noah only took his wife and close relatives, Utnapishtim took cooks and carpenters as well. The mountains the two arks landed on are in different locations. Noah received his warning from God himself, Utnapishtim got drunk and dreamt it. I could go on forever.”
“Don’t you see the hypocrisy here?” said Carl, looking round like a lawyer pleading his case. “All those differences are cosmetic at best, and would have been what any writer would have done to make the story his own; especially if he was simply plagiarising another text.”
“How dare you! I will tolerate you discussing your misguided views on religion, but I will not stand by as you classify the word of God as a plagiarism!” said Dave.  
“Oh, get over yourself!” said Carl, standing and facing Dave head on. “Decent people have to deal with religious intolerance, and by that I mean the intolerance of religion toward anything that stands in its way, every single day of their lives. You’d never hear an atheist whining on about someone disrespecting Einstein. Why should you get more privileges than anyone else just because there are more of you ignorant bumwads than there are of us? Religious dogma isn’t worth the paper it sets non-believers on fire with! The Epic of Gilgamesh was plagiarised to create the story of Noah’s flood, and that’s a fact.”
Louisa grabbed Carl’s arm, returning his focus to her, and making him realise he needed to sit down, Dave following suit, only after defiantly buttoning his jacket.
“Have you ever heard of Occam’s razor?” asked Carl, raising a hand apologetically and trying to quell his emotions.
“The theory the more complex an argument is, the less likely it is to be correct?” said Chris, walking back into the room and surprising the group.
“It still works, I see.” said Carl, tapping his temple with his index finger and winking. “Well, apply Occam’s razor to all religious texts. On one side, we have a book that states an invisible and yet all-powerful being created the universe in just seven days; a book that details rafts of prophets, angels, resurrections, healing acts, plagues, and even miracles, which Jesus himself repeatedly states shouldn’t be done in public or they’ll give proof where faith is needed. Once you have fully considered the ramifications of that comment, you’ll find it is such a ludicrous intellectual position as to make the entire New Testament absurd.” Carl paused, glancing at the furious stare coming from Dave. “Or, on the other hand, you have a mortal human civilisation that tried to leave a Pioneer style message for us to remember them by and we just got the interpretation of it all wrong.”
Silence hung in the room. Louisa, Justin, and even Dave dropping their heads in thought.
“That’s the problem you’re facing right now. It’s the conundrum that has faced humanity since we became sentient: Is there a God?” said Carl, trying to reach his audience. “Well, if you find the Ark, there almost certainly isn’t.”
“What Ark?” said Chris.
“Listen carefully.” said Carl, as everyone raised their heads once more. “You are carrying around the items from the Ark of Ra. If they are real, then the Ark is real, and it’s the Ark everyone has always been interested in. The Ark of the Covenant is a religious icon known around the world, and it’s power is the bedrock for all Judeo-Christian belief. However, if I’m right, the Ark isn’t a religious relic at all. It’s the creation of an ancient civilisation. Finding it is not going to provide evidence that God exists, it’s going to prove once and for all that he doesn’t. The ramifications for humanity to finally get evidence there is no God would be enormous. That’s the reason you are being hunted. There are powerful people on this planet who simply are not going to allow this story to get out. You don’t have any options. You have to get to the Ark first and use it as leverage for your lives, or you’re all as good as dead.”
“Powerful people who may want to stop us finding the Ark?” said Chris, turning to Dave. “I think it’s time for that brandy and a little chat, don’t you professor?”

 





Chapter 20


The afternoon sun was particularly ferocious, as if Ra himself knew what was going to happen that evening and wished the inhabitants of the city to feel his frustration. Even so, J’tan, Malachi, and Samali made swift progress through the bustling crowds. 
When they approached the grand causeway leading to the palace district, J’tan spied a row of water jars covered by a reed thatch and motioned for the others to follow.
“This is what we need to do.” said J’tan, kneeling in the welcome shade. His plan needed to be simple and involve actions that, in any other circumstances, would seem normal. “Malachi, you will walk with purpose toward where the mason’s family are being held. If anyone stops you, tell them you have orders from Smenkhkare to take Samali, who will pose as a gift from the Hittites, to the harem. I will accompany you with my cowl up. If they ask who I am, say I am the emissary of the Hittites and here as Smenkhkare’s guest. When we get there, hand Samali to the guards. There will be six on duty, and training suggests two will leave to take Samali to the matrons. That will leave us four to deal with my son.”
J’tan looked at Malachi and could sense his eagerness. However, willingness to begin a task and being able to go through with it were different things. He needed to know his son would be able to complete what was required.
“These are your compatriots and your friends, Malachi.” said J’tan, searching his son’s face for signs of doubt. “Are you sure you can do this?”
“I will not let you down, father.” said Malachi, his features unmoved and his tone deathly serious.
“Good.” said J’tan, certain it was the truth. “From there we will move to the back chambers and find the one in which the mason’s family is being kept.” 
J’tan stood and drew his hood so it would obscure his face, as Samali tidied herself and tucked her dress into her sash to make a healthy amount of leg visible. 
The causeway was a magnificent showcase to the artisans of the Pharaoh. Its smooth, limestone surface polished to such a degree that images of the surrounding buildings reflected from it. The causeway was flanked by two rows of beautifully carved, ram-headed sphinxes representing Amun-Ra. The statue’s lion-like forms constructed from horse-sized granite blocks, each identically perfect in proportion to its neighbour. 
At the far end of the causeway, two huge statues to Osiris and Horus stood either side of the entrance to the palace. They towered above the walls of the compound, looming out of the rays of the sun to their backs. Each was at least the same height as the tallest tree in the city, exquisitely carved from black granite. It was as if these towering masses of stone were alive, imbued by the desert sun with the power of the ages. 
Beyond the causeway, the group crossed the grand courtyard in which the palace structures were located and toward the palace’s subsidiary buildings. As they traversed the long gallery, echoed screams could be heard coming from in front of them.
In horror, J’tan realised the screams were female. Something was happening in the harem. He raised his speed to a sprint, flinging his hood back and heading to the front of the group, as his feet struggled for grip on the polished floor. 
In the distance, the entrance to the harem loomed large, its massive stone archway adorned with jewels and fine cloths painted with the finest hues from beyond the sea of red. 
As J’tan hurtled toward it, he could see a woman in the entrance. Her slender features and fine, silken robes draped in all manner of dazzling gems; including a brightly adorned crown, which marked her out as one of Smenkhkare’s queens. Her long hair and heavily attended skin highlighted the richness of life she bathed in, and her stern features projected steely authority. It was Jethro’s daughter, Miriamne.
Miriamne twisted, recognising Malachi and J’tan as they barrelled down on her. Her body swayed with every footfall, almost as if she were dancing, as she bridged the gap to them.  “What are you doing here?” she asked, her gown drifting above the floor as if held by unseen servants. 
“Is the family of the mason still here?” said J’tan, confused by her presence.
“Someone’s family is here?” Miriamne asked, her voice tinged with authority.
“If you are not aware of the family, then what are you doing here?” asked Malachi, his thoughts mirroring J’tan’s.
“Removing my competition.” said Miriamne, her voice devoid of emotion. “An opportunity has presented itself and they do not appear often. I am here to seize it.”
“I take it there are none saved alive herein?” asked Samali.
Miriamne peered quizzically at Samali, pondering her response. “The guards will have been thorough. I am sorry.”
J’tan looked round. The first room of the harem had two doorways on its far wall, its centre strewn with brightly coloured pillows. A brazier sat in its core, whose hot embers burnt oil from a brass disc suspended above it. Underneath the plush pillows, he could see the stray limbs of felled courtesans. 
Angered by Miriamne’s actions, J’tan turned and glared.
Miriamne caught the look and met it with a fierce determination of spirit. “I am sorry if you are upset, J’tan, but you have no idea what is at stake. I cannot waste more time aiding you. Give my regards to my sisters Malachi, and ensure that you get out of the city as soon as you can.”
Malachi went to speak, but J’tan shooed any further outbursts away with a shake of his head. They had to move quickly. The screams ended only a moment ago, and they may still have time to complete their mission. He must keep Malachi focussed on their task.
As Miriamne drifted out of sight, he ushered Malachi and Samali inside the harem. As they progressed, the horror of what recently occurred began to dawn; each room festooned with the bloodied bodies of scantily clad women from Pharaoh’s lands. 
J’tan increased his pace with each new chamber, terrified he may be too late. 
Eventually, they reached a small room; its simple wooden door, usually held in place by ropes, torn away from the frame. Laid across the pile of blood soaked cushions that lined it, a deep gash covering most of her exposed chest, the mason’s wife lay motionless. 
J’tan crouched by the woman’s side, placing a hand on her cheek and feeling the clammy coolness of death settled there. “We have failed.” he said, sagging to the floor.
“Quiet!” said Samali, as she made her way inside. “I think I can hear something.”
J’tan looked quizzically at Malachi, as Samali traversed the small room, tossing pillows as she moved. Finally, she stopped above a larger pile of woven throws at the back of the room and turned toward them, placing a sole finger across her lips. She knelt down and moved the cushions on the top of the pile. There, buried underneath, was a pair of petrified children. Their dirty faces streaked by streaming tears, and their hair matted in the still warm blood of their mother. 
J’tan found himself thinking about how the children ended up like this. He imagined their fear, as they listened to the rampaging guards tearing their swathe of carnage through the harem, slaughtering the women as they went. He imagined their mother, tears rolling down her face, kissing her children goodbye and telling them to stay quiet no matter what happened, as she buried them under the pillows and awaited her time to die. He found he was suddenly flooded with paternal instincts for these children. A sense of protection toward someone other than his kin he had never experienced before. Their presence here was his fault, and their mother’s blood was on his hands.
“Do not fear me little ones.” said Samali, in a warm, soft tone. “I am here to help you. I am your friend.”
The two children looked up, tears still issuing down their young faces, their trembling lips unable to form the shapes that would allow speech. 
The elder of the two, the mason’s daughter, caught a glimpse of J’tan and howled, grabbing her younger brother tight and pressing his face into her bosom.
“She recognises you. Get out of here!” said Samali, with urgency. “Malachi and I will take care of this.”
J’tan wanted to stay. He wanted to tell these children he was sorry. However, his chance to make amends had long since gone. With a heavy heart, he made his way outside. All he could do now was protect them. His word was his bond. He would not fail these children or their father again.
Back in the room, Samali continued to coax the children from their hiding place. J’tan knew their time was running out, but he also knew that dragging two screaming children through the city would alert more than just guards to their actions. He needed to keep his urgency in its place and grant Samali the time she needed to get the children to come peaceably.
“This is Malachi.” said Samali, soothingly. “He is a big, strong warrior and he has come to protect you. He has promised not to allow anyone you do not like to come near you.” 
The young girl looked up cautiously and then out to where J’tan stood. 
“He will protect you from that man.” said Samali, nodding. “Anyone you tell him to make go away, he will. All you have to do is ask.”
Malachi smiled at the children and nodded, holding his head down for a few moments in a show of servitude. “I promise to allow no harm to come to you.” he said, his voice taking on its own, childish warmth. 
The girl’s shivers subsided, as she fearfully reached out her hand toward Samali’s. When she made contact, Samali made no attempt to move it. She allowed the child to be safe in the knowledge that the hand was hers and it would only hold her when she was ready. Slowly, almost imperceptibly, the girl inched forward, Samali never once allowing her to see a moment’s hesitation. Eventually, when half the distance between them was bridged, the girl moved. She reached forward and wrapped Samali up in hug, her sobbing resuming as soon as her face made contact with her tunic. Moments later, Malachi opened his arms wide and accepted the arrival of her brother to his grasp. 
With the two children safely snuggled in warm embraces, Samali and Malachi made their way outside.
“Where should we take them?” asked Samali, her concern evident. “They have no family and will need a great deal of caring.” 
“We shall take them with us to the hidden room in my father’s temple to wait out the night. In the morning, we shall go out of the city to the farms of my cousins. Albamek and his wife have not been blessed with children. They are a loving couple who will provide well.” said J’tan, attempting to take the harsh edges from his voice. “Now come. We should leave this place whilst we still can.”
J’tan could tell Samali was impressed that he would think of the children in such a considerate way. He knew from experience that the death of a parent, as was the case with Malachi, was something only time and love would get you through. It was not as difficult as Samali believed for him to extend the thought to another.
As they left the palace behind and made their way through the slowly emptying streets, J’tan prayed his compassion would not cost them too dearly.

 





Chapter 21


Chris returned from his smoke a good few minutes before he entered the room. Carl and Dave were still in the midst of their argument, and he took the opportunity to lean against the wall just around the corner from the doorway and soak up as much information as he could.
Carl was clearly of the same opinion about Dave as he was. The man’s comments, snidely and unhelpful, almost forced him to break his concealment a few times, but he restrained himself. The information coming from the pair was just too useful.
Chris did not really get Carl’s position until nearly the end of their discussions. In his life, spending any time ruminating on the whys and wherefores of God were not something he ever did. Even when alone, peering out over the desert at some enemy compound for hours on end, it was never a topic his brain drifted to. So, when Carl’s musings started to include Biblical references, he might as well have been talking another language.
However, as the conversation progressed, he did begin to get a feel for how this was all stacking together. The Biblical Deluge, or as Louisa had called it ‘The Younger Dryas Period’, was the key. If there was a civilisation back then, and if they were reasonably advanced, it made sense they would try to save something of themselves when the deluge came. What they left was so unreal, like TV would be to a Roman, it appeared as if it came from God. Therefore, the two notions became blended. The history of this lost people now merged with the Sun-God myths of our Neolithic past.
The only thing left to do was tie that information to whatever it was Dave was up to at the base. In answering that, the next leg of their journey may become apparent.
Chris still dragging Dave by the arm, the group filed out of the restaurant and across the lobby into the hotel bar; the room quiet, the lights dimmed, and the scent of fresh coffee hanging in the air. 
Chris selected a group of tables to one side of the space, devoid of the distraction of unwanted company, and called over the bartender. He gave him five, fifty Euro notes and told him not to stop filling their glasses with Courvoisier until everyone was sated or the money ran out. He took a seat next to Carl on the plush, upholstered seats and ensured Dave was facing him.
This odious squirt of a man had been a royal pain in the arse ever since Chris first met him. If Dave did not tell him everything he needed to know, he was not sure he would be able to contain his more violent tendencies long.
“Start talking. I’ll let you know when to stop.” said Chris, forcefully. “You can begin with what happened to Geffers at the base. I’m going out on a limb, but you were involved, weren’t you?”
“I had nothing to do with the death of Doctor Geffers!” Dave leant forward, pointing to exaggerate his claim.
“You’re terrible at this, Dave.” said Carl, picking up on the gesture. “You may not have anything to do with what happened to Geffers, but your protestation just told us you know more than you’ve let on so far.”
“So get busy with the details, professor.” said Chris, taking a sip of brandy and adopting an adversarial pose.
“I don’t know what happened.” said Dave, clearly disturbed by the angered faces surrounding him. “Professor Linley and I were planted at the base to stop the discoveries seeing the light of day, that’s all. I never thought he would kill someone. No matter what Carl says, we are not monsters colonel.”
Chris smiled. The pressure was beginning to tell. Dave was moments from talking. “So what did happen?” he asked, taking any anger from his voice and giving Dave the chance he needed to expel his demons.
“I really wish I knew. I have no idea what is going on. Or why Harry did what he did.”
“You must have some idea.” said Louisa. “There can only be one reason why you were on site and that was to prevent evidence for what Carl has just told us getting out. So, why would Professor Linley only take one artefact? Why not try to steal all of them?”
“That much I can make a reasonable guess at.” said Dave, slouching into his chair and gulping his brandy. He rolled the glass in his hand, as he let out a deflated sigh. “I may not have been entirely forthright with my answers when we were in the car driving away from the base.”
Not entirely forthright? That was an understatement. Chris caught himself before he began shouting. So far, Dave had clammed up every time he felt threatened. That was not the way to get him to speak. He had given him just enough rope, it was now time to see if Dave would fashion the noose.
“As we’ve discussed, the third item from the Ark of Ra was a lock of Ra’s golden hair. However, the Bible said it was an Omer of Manna, God’s multi-purpose foodstuff.” said Dave, looking round the group to ensure they were following him. “What if they are the same thing?”
“How could they possibly be the same thing?” asked Justin, perplexed. “Even you said there were different.”
“Exodus, chapter thirty-two. Moses has gone up Mount Sinai to see God and Aaron has stayed behind with the Israelites. The Bible is not exactly clear on what happens next. According to tradition, the Israelites force Aaron to make a golden calf, although Aaron actually states at the end of that chapter that the calf formed by itself. However, whatever causes the formation of the golden statue, the Israelites begin to worship it. This angers Moses and in a temper fit he forces Aaron to burn it.”
“Burn a golden statue? Good luck!” said Justin. “Gold’s inert. It doesn’t combust.”
“Au contraire young man.” said Dave, taking another sip of his drink with a trembling hand. “According to the Bible, Aaron burns the golden calf to a white powder. Moses then mixes that powder with water and forces the Israelites to drink it. And Manna, as related in the Bible, is a white, pulp-like substance. Therefore, we can surmise that Manna is this special type of gold, burnt and mixed with water. Maybe, like fool’s gold, it is not actually gold. To be honest, no one knows. All I can say is that it is Manna that powers the people and thus the artefacts as the stories in the Bible progress. We always thought the third artefact was probably a storage vessel for some. I can only think something happened on one of the tests he was conducting and Harry had to think quickly to keep the discovery hidden. It appears the course of action he took was too rash.”
“Too rash!” said Louisa, stunned by the lack of remorse shown. “He killed a man professor!”
“Look, girl.” said Dave, a sudden fire behind his eyes. “You are completely unaware of what is going on around you most of the time. People have become lazy, ignorant, emotionally stunted, and the church always has to deal with the fall-out. You have no idea what we do for you. The wars we fight, and continue to fight, so you can waste your days buying beauty products and watching soap operas. Or, like you Justin, so that you can discuss meaningless rubbish on the internet rather than face the outside world. Do you really want reality to come crashing into your daily lives? Any of you?” The words hung there, as Dave stared fiercely at each member of the group. “What do you think will be the consequences of the Ark being seen for what it actually is? Do you think civilisation can cope with a fact like that? Most of you turn to mush watching fatuous, z-list, celebrity television programmes! The world would fall apart if it knew what we know. You need your white lies, all of you. You all thrive off the safety blanket you are wrapped in.”
“Nice try, Dave.” said Chris, completely unflustered by the rant. “I’m not going to be put off the scent that easily. You obviously know more about the Ark than you’re letting on. So tell us what you know.”
Dave considered Chris’ words for a while, before taking another sip of brandy and leaning forward. “I’ll tell you what I know if you allow me to take the Ark back to the Vatican after we’re done. After all, the church is the rightful owner.”
“We can see about an arrangement when the time comes professor.” said Chris, unwilling to return an answer until Dave had told him everything. 
Dave grinned. “Ok colonel, we’ll play your game, and Carl can see if he can play mine. I’ll give him a clue to start; Manetho.”
“Greek scholar of the third century BC.” said Carl, without hesitation. “Famous for his chronology of the Pharaohs, he was highly intelligent and probably a priest of Ra during his life. He also wrote a history of Egypt called the Aegyptiaca.”
“Correct. Manetho also spent a lot of his life in Alexandria, at the great library. He has an entire journal dedicated to a conversation with the chief librarian. In that journal, when Manetho is defending how great the Greeks are, the librarian suddenly becomes cryptic and says, You Greeks are just children and know but a tiny part of what we know. We are two suns old and understand the mysteries of the heavens. At first glance it looks like a throw away comment, but it actually belies a deeper knowledge. Tell me Carl, what two pieces of flora are specifically mentioned in Genesis?”
“The Tree of Knowledge and the Tree of Life.” said Carl, trying to understand where Dave was going.
“Correct. Therefore, if we use Carl’s eloquent Pioneer People analogy, we can infer that the Tree of Knowledge, whose fruit Adam and Eve are tempted into eating by the serpent, is actually a metaphor for the passing on of knowledge from an ancient civilisation to the lesser mortals who followed. So what is the Tree of Life? The Bible says God told Adam it held the power to turn him into a God; to live forever.”
“It’s probably something they left behind or another metaphor. The Bible also says that when Adam and Eve were thrown out of the Garden of Eden, God put up a gate to stop anyone ever getting near it again.” said Carl.
“The Tree of Knowledge has already been used, shall we say, and thus no longer requires protection. God only wants to protect the Tree of Life. The Bible makes that point very clear. It’s how God accomplishes this that’s important. The Bible says, and he placed at the east of the Garden of Eden cherubims, and a flaming sword that turned every way, to keep the way of the Tree of Life. You should love this Carl, because it tells you everything you need to know about the original location of the tree.” said Dave, waiting expectantly for a response. “So, we’re looking for somewhere with an entrance in its eastern side, which something keeps the way of. Keep the way can be translated as...?”
“Protected.” said Carl, struggling to keep up.
“But that can’t be right!” said Justin, his eyes wide with revelation.
“Oh my!” said Dave, with childish glee. “I can’t believe Justin has beaten you to it! Go on boy; put him out of his misery.”
“The Ark of Ra is the Tree of Life! It was stored in the great pyramid at Giza. The cherubims and flame are a description of the Ark. The Great Protector was the ancient Egyptian name for the Sphinx that sits to the eastern border of the pyramids. The Bible is describing its resting place.”
“And?” said Dave, catching the envious look on Carl’s face.
“The librarian at Alexandria knew how long the pyramids had been there. The two suns he mentions to Manetho are a reference to the Eagle Bowl. The librarian was showing off his knowledge of the Mayan calendar. Two Mayan suns would be ten thousand or so years. Add that to the date of the conversation and you get him dating the pyramids at ten thousand five hundred BC! Exactly what the Orion Correlation Theory suggests, and exactly what our radiocarbon dates have returned from our artefacts. He was proving how much he knew and how little Manetho knew.”
Chris frowned. He had not slept properly in two days and now three people were discussing something so far over his head it was embarrassing. He probably did not want to know the answer, but realising his knowledge would be incomplete without it, he asked the only questions that came to mind. “Two things: One, what is the Orion Correlation Theory? And two, what’s the Eagle Bowl?”
“The Orion Correlation Theory colonel, states that the three Great Pyramids at Giza match perfectly with the stars of Orion’s belt; a narrow band spanning the middle of a constellation better known as ‘The Hunter’. Their layout placed to mirror the heavens.” said Justin, enthusiastically. “The thing to note is that the stars match the pyramids at only one date in history.”
“Let me guess,” said Chris, “ten thousand five hundred BC?”
Justin smiled, nodding as Carl took over.
“As for the Eagle Bowl, it’s a twelve foot tall, twenty-five tonne piece of basalt carved sometime toward the end of the fifteenth century in Mexico. It’s a modification of the earlier Mayan calendar and was the most accurate time device devised by man until the French atomic clock was switched on in nineteen fifty-five. It works on a system known as the ‘long count’ and uses cycles of two hundred and sixty days to calculate your date now, relative to the start date of the calendar and the location of the sun and stars.”
“The most interesting thing about all the Mesoamerican calendars is that they all start on dates before the civilisations that created them came into being.” said Dave, adding to Carl’s point.
“Why is that interesting?” asked Justin. “If it’s based on astronomy, then surely it has to start on an astrological date.”
“Calendars are started from significant dates; astrological or not.” said Dave, his confidence back and his hand still, as he placed his tumbler on the table. “The Mesoamericans based their calendars on the early Mayan calendar, which is thought to have been created in around fifteen hundred BC. The problem is that its start date is thirty-one fourteen BC. So, think of what we have already discussed about James Usher and the seven days of creation.”
Before Chris could even recall who James Usher was, Justin’s excited voice broke his concentration.
“Unbelievable!” said Justin, teetering on the edge of his seat, his right leg shaking so fast it was wobbling the table. “Usher came back with a date of four thousand and four-ish BC for the birth of Adam. That was the end of the sixth day. So, the end of the seventh day, using the Peter reference from the Bible, is roughly three-thousand and four-ish. The Mesoamericans knew when the Biblical seven days of creation ended. That’s remarkable!”
“Have you ever wondered why we have never found any trace of Carl’s Pioneer People?” asked Dave, leaning back in his seat, a smug air washing over him. “To give an example, I’ll use the majestic labyrinth of Amenemhat at Heracleopolis.”
“The what?” asked Justin. “I’ve never heard of the place.”
“You are unlikely to have done, because absolutely nothing of it survives.” said Carl, happy to fill in the many blanks being left by Dave. “Two renowned Greek scholars, Herodotus and Strabo, wrote about it in the first century BC. They state the great Egyptian labyrinth was located next to a majestic pyramid up the Nile from Giza. The three-story structure was divided into twelve massive courts, each comprising over a hundred rooms. Connected to a subterranean passage that led to yet another twelve immense courts, each contained another impressive collection of rooms. Flinders Petrie, a renowned archaeologist from the late nineteenth century, visited the location and spent three months excavating it. Other than a battered pyramid, he found nothing. The last remnants long since used as aggregate to line the trans-Egyptian railroad. The only reason there are any truly ancient monuments left at all is because they were too massive to dismantle, and even that hasn’t helped in every case. Just look at how little is left of the Great Wall of China! Most ancient structures have long since been cannibalised by the civilisations that followed the builders.”
“And that’s why the Ark has never been located. Robbers looted the pyramids eons ago. Those in the know, whose little number now includes you, have been scrambling to locate where the items may have gone ever since.” said Dave. “So we have a starting point from which to find where it resides now. All we need to do is look at the missing pieces. Maybe, between us Carl, we can locate what others could not and…”
A high-pitched siren, whose volume was so piercing it rattled their brandy glasses, cut the conversation short. Above the group, sprinklers burst into life and doused them is tepid water. 
“This doesn’t smell good, man.” said Carl, leaning across so Chris could hear him above the din.
Chris nodded; Carl was right. “Let’s get our stuff and find a rear exit to this place.” 
Chris turned to speak to the group and stopped. In front of him, Louisa crouched with her hands pressed on Dave’s chest, his eyes glazing over and blood pouring down his sodden shirt from a pair bullet holes in his torso.  





Chapter 22


The evening sun was beginning to set, as J’tan motioned for Malachi and Samali to keep pace. He lengthened his stride, racing across the parched earth toward their sanctuary. His heart pounded with the screams wafting above the houses and echoing through the narrow streets. As they broke out into the plaza, he headed toward the house of his father, as Malachi and Samali scampered toward the temple. 
The many nights spent looking after Malachi reawakened J’tan’s passion for the priesthood. He spent hours with Jethro, learning about the rituals performed, and the reasons for them. In Jethro’s presence, J’tan could finally absorb what he wanted to as a boy. He ensured he did not miss the opportunity.
For most Egyptians, there were four major ceremonies throughout the year. The first, the Festival of the Eastern Star, was held in the spring when the first shoots of the New Year’s crops sprouted forth from the ground. It coincided with the return of the Eastern Star to the skies after its three-day period below the horizon in the domain of Set. 
The second, the Festival of Fertility held on the longest day of the year, was associated with the male fertility God Min. Due to this, many people still called the day min-summer, although this was rarely used anymore. Over its two-day period, feasts and orgies abounded. Children conceived on these days were considered blessed, and due to the natural cycles of womanhood, the offspring produced would sometimes be born on the Festival of the Eastern Star, doubling their blessing and exalting their positions within society. 
The third, the Feast of the Harvest, was a sacred time. Offerings from the harvest were given at temples all over the lands to honour the God Renenutet and bring blessings from the God whose temple the offering was made at.
The fourth, the Festival of Return, signalled the shortest day of the year, when the God Ra would teeter on the edge of oblivion, his yearly battle with Set almost at its end. Wine and food abounded, the chanting of the Priests of Ra heard all over the land, heralding the return of Ra to his exalted place in the skies and the eventual reappearance of life to the land.
J’tan could remember the day Jethro showed him the secret chamber in his temple for the first time. Loaded down with offerings from the Feast of the Harvest, Jethro stepped behind the Altar and revealed the hidden vault; storing the wines and wheat away, and only allowing the faithful back into the temple once the altar was empty. 
J’tan knew that to many the temple being empty was a sign that Ra-Horakhti had accepted their offering and was pleased. However, once he realised Jethro had hidden them away to maintain that illusion, he found he was not upset, but pleased.
J’tan had always believed men took the offerings given to the Gods. What would a God, he reasoned, whose power was unlimited need with a slaughtered lamb or a goblet of wine? A God would surely not want some poor man’s tarnished offering. Seeing the hidden vault finally confirmed his suspicions. Priests were not just the mouths of their Gods they were actively involved in keeping the devotees faithful.
However, all that was in the past. Now more than ever, he needed to give something back. He needed to protect his new family.
J’tan arrived at his father’s house and flung the cloth to one side. “Father!” he said, searching the room for signs of activity. “Father!” There was no response. 
Leaving the abode, J’tan made his way quickly across the plaza and up the ramp before the temple, as the screams coming from the fast approaching chaos drew ever closer.
The temple was comprised of a single, stone hall. Four alcoves were carved into each wall and a large altar lay to its rear. In each alcove was an intricately carved statue of Ra-Horakhti in the various poses of his horizons, each one a delicate depiction of the yearly cycle of his glory.
J’tan opened his mouth to call out to the figures in the shadows of the temple and froze. In the chamber with Samali and the others were the figures of five guards. The lead guard he recognised instantly as a despiteful lower caste dullard called Rhion. The runty, hairless oaf expelled from their order months ago for extorting money from hapless market holders in exchange for favourable locations. 
J’tan slowed as he approached. Rhion held the upper hand.
Rhion held Jethro to him, a blade pressed against his neck. Two of his compatriots grasped the women and children, whilst two others restrained Malachi.
“Glad you could finally join us, J’tan.” said Rhion, his glee evident in his twisted smile. “It would be a shame if you missed this.” His lip curled upward, a sure sign of intent. 
J’tan tried to remain calm, as he began to stride forward, hoping to gain control of the situation. “You should leave these people alone and exit this place while you still can.” he said, his voice loaded with confidence.
“We act as our God’s will this day. You shall all suffer for your heresy!” said Rhion.
J’tan caught the flash of pure hatred as it glinted in Rhion’s eye and knew this was no posturing threat. There were no options. Rhion simply wanted him here to witness what he was going to do.
J’tan sprang into action and tried to bridge the gap to the group of men. As he advanced, Malachi wrenched himself free of one of the guards, swinging a punch at the other, and felling him with the blow.
J’tan careered down the chamber, as the other guard grabbed Malachi and twisted him sideways. He watched in horror, as the guard drew a slender knife from his belt and plunged it deep into his son’s side. 
Malachi’s torso arched, as a gargled froth of blood sprayed out of his mouth. He fell to his knees, desperately clawing at the blade as his strength failed and he lilted sideways to the floor.
J’tan watched helplessly as the light behind his son’s eyes flickered and failed, extinguished forever.
In his life, J’tan sacrificed everything for the Pharaoh. He could never marry, nor have children. This was the way of Pharaoh’s elite. When Jethro offered him the chance to be Malachi’s guardian, he saw it as a gift from Horus. He took it as a sign to imbue the child with as much knowledge as the boy’s mind could hold. 
As the years passed, J’tan grew to act as if Malachi were his own. He could think of no greater honour than the day Malachi chose to follow in his footsteps. He stood and cheered with the other elders, as Malachi was accepted to be part of their order. His son was just like him. It was the first time in his life he cried. That day he knew for sure. He loved his son. He loved the child Malachi was, and he loved the man Malachi aspired to become. Yet, here he was, faced with his son’s lifeless body. His beautiful, perfect child had been taken away. 
J’tan glared at Rhion and caught the look of unbridled joy on his face, and something snapped deep within him. A tormented lust for pain erupted from that dank recess no man should ever know is part of him. As the red mist descended on his actions, it blinded his conscious mind to the animal unleashed.
The next thing J’tan registered was a voice. It fretted from somewhere distant, just within range of perception, calling him back from the edge of the black. 
J’tan focussed on the voice. It was soothing and friendly, and it made the demon unleashed descend back from whence it came. 
As if from a dream, J’tan’s vision slowly returned and shapes began to appear from the haze.
“J’tan!” the voice pleaded. “For the love of Horus J’tan, please put him down!”
Still fazed, J’tan looked down. He was not ready for what he saw. Reflexively gagging, he recoiled from the sight of Rhion’s skull in his hands; his thumbs inserted deep into the eye sockets. He let go of the head instinctively, as the weight of the lifeless object pulled it from his digits with a foul plop, tumbling to the temple floor next to the shocked figure of Jethro. 
To J’tan’s left, the guards holding the women back were in no better state than the scum at his feet. Heaped on the floor at the base of the wall, most of one man’s brain matter drooled down the limestone face, and oozed out around his crumpled body.
To his right, another man was now just a tangled mass of jutting bones. His arms were dislocated and his face was savaged, the flesh ripped away from one side. 
The scene behind J’tan was equally macabre. The men who killed his son lay atop one another. The man on the bottom of the steaming pile of flesh unrecognisable due to the quantities of blood, bile, and other bodily fluids the man perched on top of the gruesome stack was issuing. His head was matted with blood, and his skull was smashed into fragments that jutted out through his hair and tangled with his brain like dough. His neck and chest were covered in claw marks and a savage bite hole was visible where his ear once was.
“J’tan?” said Samali, cautiously edging forward. “Can you hear me?”
J’tan moved to look at her, his head turning slowly and methodically, as his mind carefully ordered itself. She was tearful and afraid, clutching the daughter of the mason to her chest. The child bawled, afraid to look at the monster in the room.
“J’tan, you are injured. I must tend to your wounds.”
J’tan heard the words and looked down at his body. Bathed in the innards of the men killed, fragments of cranium and clumps of distended flesh clung to his clothing. Swirls of hair were caught underneath his fingernails, his palms traced by cuts and abrasions. Nothing seemed real. Everything danced and swam; scrambling his thoughts and making him feel nauseous.
“Samali,” J’tan said, his voice slurring, “help…”
Samali rushed to his side, as J’tan collapsed to the ground with a heavy thud. A wound was present in his abdomen and there were numerous other injuries from his conflict all over his torso. She knew she must do something to try to mend the wounds or he would not survive the night. 
“I need a spare tunic and some fresh water.” Samali said, not moving from his side.
“There are supplies down there.” Jethro said, pointing to the hidden chamber through tear-swelled eyes. “We should get into cover, as my son told us to.” 
Without waiting for response, Jethro moved behind the offering table and lifted the false slab from its notch. Covered in a finely polished slither of limestone, its wooden construction looked unremarkable. 
“Come, my dear. You grab his feet and we will take him into our vault and tend to him there.” said Jethro as his daughter helped the children inside.
With no time to argue, Samali helped Jethro lift J’tan to the opening. She expected the hidden chamber would be small, but was surprised to find it was a large and spacious. Jars of assorted goods lined one wall in niches, and a manger sat in the other. The fire the manger contained throwing out just enough heat to make the space comfortable.
Samali worked through the night to stem the bleeding and try to repair as much of J’tan’s broken body as she could. Even though they were underground, she could still hear the continued screams of the inhabitants of the city, as the Pharaoh’s servants carried out their vile plan. 
Try as she might, Samali could not take her mind from what happened to Malachi and how that was now repeating everywhere around her. To kill a man’s son was an act of evil beyond anything she could imagine. Out there in the Great City, that wickedness was on the rampage. Innocent children, not one of whom could even have the faintest idea about why they were being tortured, slaughtered like animals. It made her feel sick to her core to contemplate what they must be going through.
As Samali cleaned J’tan’s side and used her salve to ensure it remained free from the rotting green, she fought hard to force the welling tears of sorrow back down inside her soul. Closing her eyes, she prayed to Zhang Dai. With his aid, she would not allow these sacrifices to be in vain.






Chapter 23


Water still pouring from the fire suppression system and bullets now raining down on their position, Chris grabbed Louisa’s arm and dragged her behind his overturned, granite-topped table; the dense rock cracking as round after round embedded in it. 
“Carl!” said Chris, above the din. “Can you see a shooter?” 
However, Carl was not listening. He was knelt over Dave, cradling the man’s head in his lap, oblivious to his mortal danger.
Damn. “Justin?” said Chris.
“Here colonel.” said Justin, curled into a ball behind another table.
Because of the heavy barrage, the table’s wooden frames were splintering, their edges already beginning to disintegrate. Whoever the shooters were, they knew they would not provide cover long.
“You have to get upstairs and retrieve anything that could be used to identify us from our suites.” said Chris, as lumps of shattered granite sprayed between them. “I take it you can fire a handgun?”
“Yes colonel.”
Chris tossed Justin one of his Berettas and returned his focus to the gunfire. “I’ll give you cover, get ready to move.”
Chris poked his head out and waited for the onslaught. His poured his concentration into the moment, his world slowing as the spray of shattering marble dusted his face. He watched the shards head in two directions: One up and away from the floor, the other low and flat. He returned to his shelter, the knowledge required gained. He drew his remaining Beretta from behind his jacket and waited for the gunfire to pause. 
As soon as the noise ceased, he stood. The gun in his hand flashed sideways, its line tracking to where his brain told him the first shooter perched. His arm locked and he fired, unloading a burst of bullets. Without pause, he swung his arm to the next location and his trigger finger began pulling at the light mechanism. 
“Go! Now!” said Chris, as Justin darted across the lobby to the service stairwell behind the concierge desk and Chris ducked back below the table’s edge.
 “Are you all right?” asked Louisa, looking over.
“I’m ok. You stay here. I’ll go check the bad guys are gone.”
As Chris went to move, he looked down at Dave. Now the barrage of gunfire had stopped, it was possible to make out what was happening. 
Dave was struggling through his last moments of life, blood drooling from his mouth and green issuing from the wounds in his abdomen. He had seen injuries such as these many times in his career. Dave was as good as dead.
“You have to... rescue the Ark… Havilah... Templar’s Dollar...” said Dave, clasping the back of Carl’s head and pulling him close. “Yeshua’s followers... the twelve… never lost… disc and tablet… security cameras…” His words gargled from him, his body arching upward with the stress of his efforts. “Hidden place... don’t follow the copy… God buried him... don’t be fooled...” Carl tried to hold him, as he screamed in agony with one last convulsion, before an inky acceptance descended. “I hope... you’re wrong... about him…” 
Carl involuntarily closed his eyes and bowed his head in prayer, as he cradled the lifeless form of Professor Edwards.
“Get Carl back with us.” said Chris, turning to Louisa in exasperation. “I need him in the here and now. Not pining the loss of a guy he didn’t even like.”
Unable to linger any longer, Chris moved swiftly over to where the first shooter should be. 
The scene was gruesome, even for a trained killer. A trail of holes ran the edge of the wooden reception desk and ended in the slumped form of a body, propped limply at its far edge. The felled man wore a black combat suit and carried a military issue assault rifle. A single bullet hole visible through a pair of visors, allowed the contents of the socket to drool out into the mask. 
One down, Chris thought, as he moved for the main staircase and the location of his second target. 
The sweeping, grandiose staircase ran up one side of the foyer and he jogged over vigilantly, carefully striding upward and keeping his back to the wall.
The top of the stairs was a mess. His bullets had not hit their intended target; its wood and steel construction etched with impact marks.
Cautiously, Chris made his way along the corridor to a junction and looked out. To his left, the main stairwell continued its way up through the building and to his right, a long corridor extended down toward the floor’s rooms. People were beginning to look out worriedly, awoken by the thunderous noises echoing throughout the building. 
Then, just on the edge of his vision, a glint of steel made him twist. Two men, hidden in the shadow of a nearby doorway were preparing to unload weapons. 
Chris bridged the gap to them in a flash, instinctively folding his body, as two more bullets ripped by. He raised an arm as he ducked, threading it through the first man’s outstretched grip, and pulled as hard as he could. The man’s arms were locked to absorb the recoil of his weapon and he could not relax them fast enough to stop being yanked off his feet. He flew sideways, clattering into his colleague, their heads slamming together with a heavy thud. As the first man tried to shake his daze, he grabbed him by the back of his shirt and rammed his face into the wall, the thick bone of his forehead crunching against the unforgiving marble. 
Before the second man could react, Chris grabbed him by the neck, spun him round, and bent his head back against his shoulders. He lifted him into the air, the weight of his body held only by his neck. The man struggled for a moment, before Chris snapped his head sideways, disassociating the bones with a juddering crack. 
As Chris allowed the body to drop to the floor next to his colleague, Justin came jogging down the staircase to his side. 
“I’ve got our things.” said Justin, clearly disturbed by the corpses.
“Any resistance encountered?”
Justin shrugged. “None.”
Glad there was no more danger to be found in their vicinity Chris motioned for Justin to follow and charged down to the lobby. Ignoring the throngs of people running everywhere, he went over to Carl. 
“We have to leave.” Chris said, sternly. “Now!”
“This is insane.” said Carl, his movements slowed by his thoughts. “Why the hell has the Vatican just killed one of their own? Surely they need us alive to find what they are after.”
Chris knew Carl was right. Meaning only one possibility remained. “It might not have been them.” he said, pulling Carl to his feet. “I think we have more players involved than we thought.”
“So, we are now on the run from the British military, the Vatican, and an unknown third group?”
“We?” asked Chris, pausing.
“Too damn right its we.” said Carl, straightening himself out. “You think you can find the Ark without me?”
Once again, Chris knew Carl was correct. He was here for the duration. “The professor is going to have to stay. We need to find a safe exit.” 
“You can’t leave him here!” said Louisa, outraged by the suggestion.
“We can’t be dragging load. We’ve got to clear this area as soon as we can.” said Chris, already trying to find a way out that was not crammed with civilians.
“The service stairwell has a ground floor exit to the kitchens; I saw the door when I went to get our bags.” said Justin, heaving the duffel carrying their possessions over his shoulder. “You would expect they have their own exit to the street.”
Chris grabbed Louisa by the arm and pulled her in the direction of the door. Still protesting, he found himself surprised by the strength she possessed.
The stairwell was heaving with guests, all scrambling for the main exit. After forcing their way through the flow, Justin led them to a door marked ‘Restricted’ and into a sterile kitchen area beyond.
The room was busy with activity. Chefs and waiters darted round long, steel tables, gathering their belongings and making their way toward the rear of the space.
“Follow the herd.” said Carl, pointing.
Chris moved quickly down the narrow service galley toward the preparation tables, two hutches topped with lamp heaters laden with exotic foods sat before him. Their size obscured view to the rest of the area and he found himself craning his neck to get a clear sight of any potential exit. 
As Chris arced round the hutches and into the rows of gas cookers and prep tables that lined the rest of the space, a goggled figure darted out from his hiding place and slammed into his chest.
The pair crashed into the back wall, as another three men stood from behind the hutches and began to point rifles, barking orders to desist as they advanced.
Carl lunged across the serving tables, his head inches from the scorching lights, sending plates of food in every direction. He flew forward, widening his arms and wrestling two of them to the floor.
The last man yelled, re-aiming his weapon at Carl and preparing to fire, as Justin vaulted a hutch and kicked him in the head. The impact sent the man flying into a stockpot, boiling water and vegetables spraying out in an arc with the impact.
Louisa looked on in horror. Chris was struggling, the wind knocked from him. The man holding him down withdrew a knife, and with no time to think, she sprung forward, grabbing him from behind and trying to restrain his arm. The man spun, striking her across the face with an outstretched hand, and began to raise his weapon again. 
Louisa had no time to lose. She straightened, using every ounce of strength she possessed, and flashed a leg into his groin. The contact buckled the man in two. Not holding her advance, she planted her foot and levered forward, delivering a resounding crack of her forehead across the bridge of his nose. The fragile bone shattered with the assault, flattening the appendage across his face.
“A head-butt? Really?” said Chris, sloping off the prep table and wheezing, as the man slumped to the ground unconscious. “Very feminine.” Still clutching his waist, he withdrew his gun and fired. 
Three echoed gunshots later, Justin and Carl’s aggressors lay dead at their feet. 
Justin stood frozen, blood streaked over his face.
“We don’t have time to dally.” said Chris, stumbling toward the exit. “Louisa, grab the bag and hurry up. Carl, carry him if you have to.”
At the end of the kitchen, a plastic panelled doorway led to a delivery bay. Striding through the screen, Chris made his way out into the night.
The sparse loading area was devoid of cars, save for a pair of black Land Rovers parked with doors open to one side. It was the transportation of their enemy. 
With no choices, Chris limped across to one of the vehicles and checked the ignition. The keys were still in. Motioning for the others to join him, he lurched into the driver’s seat and started the engine.
Moments later, the group were screeching through the Amsterdam night, as waves of police vehicles descended on the Bilderberg behind.
“So what the hell are we going to do now?” asked Justin, looking back through the rear window at the chaos ensuing outside their hotel.
“I don’t know for certain from the things Dave said, but I have an idea.” Carl said, trying to clear his thoughts. “Israel. I think we need to start in Jerusalem.”






Chapter 24


Akhenaten lounged in his tent, erected a safe distance from the unfolding carnage in the low foothills of his land’s eastern border, and watched as the Great City burned. He felt no pity for the maggots infesting it. Hopefully, the priests of Iunu and Ra were caught by surprise, allowing his warriors to be successful in their task. 
Akhenaten could feel the weight of expectation and destiny bearing down on him, but he would not buckle. He knew by the time the last fingers of morning sunlight traced their way across the sands toward him, he would know of the success or failure of his plan. 
Smenkhkare worked on the Ark in the quiet of the tent, making meticulous copies of the symbols that ran in lines down its sides. He asked if it would be possible to get a scribe to do this work, but Akhenaten rejected the suggestion as preposterous. He would not allow anyone but Smenkhkare and his sons to view it. 
Akhenaten knew the Ark was a storage vessel for the artefacts of the First Time. After reading the Zep-Tepi texts, he discovered it was only a threat to anyone when used to imbue the artefacts with the power of the Aten. At those times, when the angels adorning its lid were consuming the Havilah gold, the Ark became a frightening object. It glowed with the brilliance of the midday sun, emitting fierce warmth, which scorched any rug on which it sat. People who mistakenly came too close to the Ark when it was working, bursting out into boils and rashes. Were it not for the vestments the documents of the Zep-Tepi instructed must be worn, he was sure he and his brother would long since have suffered the same injuries. 
Even though Akhenaten read everything his grandfather discovered when he freed the Great Protector and claimed his place amongst the Gods, he still could not say he was sure how the artefacts worked. That was why, once they collected as much of the good gold as they could they would be making their way to Sinai.
The mountain that lay on the eastern end of the jewel mines of the Pharaohs was indeed a great mountain. Legends told it was atop that very mount Asar stood as the deluge raged all around. 
Akhenaten read every version of the story, looking for clues about the Zep-Tepi. He was certain what was written on the Ark was the true story of the destruction of the early world. He wondered if it would match what he was taught as a boy. 
In Akhenaten’s version, the Gods decided the people of the world were too powerful and rebellious. The father God, Atum-Ra, said he would destroy the world and return the lands to the primordial waters from which they were created. Asar and Isis watched the deluge from the mount at Sinai, and fearing Atum-Ra would destroy the people they loved, intervened on their behalf. Asar turned himself into a great serpent and carried a man and a woman back to the mount, allowing them to feed from the Tree of Life so they might live long and preserve humankind for all eternity. 
Soon they would make their way to the temple their grandfather rebuilt and see if the strange symbols on its walls were indeed the same as those on the Ark. 
“My lords!” a man shouted, from just outside the tent. “I bring word from Yehoshua.”
Akhenaten turned to see a slight, Nubian servant stood in the entrance.
“Yehoshua’s forward scouts report that all is well and minimal resistance was met within the cities.”
“This is excellent news!” said Akhenaten, happy his most faithful servant had not fallen in the attempt.
“Yehoshua does warn, however,” continued the servant, lowering his voice, “that we must ready to leave. The priests of Iunu have rallied their forces and have sent for reinforcements from the lands near the river ports of the north. Yehoshua says they will not be more than a day or two behind us.”
That was not good. Akhenaten’s main fighting force was out gathering gold, leaving him with only farmers and priests in his retinue. An army organised by the followers of Ra would crush them without trouble.
“We should make haste to the mount. We need every moment at our disposal to ensure we can complete the work there.” said Smenkhkare, his voice edged with panic.
“Prepare to leave this place as quickly as we can.” said Akhenaten, maintaining his calm. “Ensure our tent is the last be dismantled and I will speak with the priests to make sure they are ready for their duties.”
“I think it would be better that I discussed your wishes with the priests, my brother.” said Smenkhkare, bowing his head.
“Why would you say this? Why do you move to block me from speaking to our followers?” said Akhenaten, bemused by his brother’s words.
“I meant no insult, my brother. The opposite should be taken as truth. The men are not as astute as you are. They do not understand the power of your words. I am a simpler man; I can lower my language to their level.”
“Can they really not understand me?” Akhenaten asked.
“It is childish, but they fear your greatness. They see your full face and lips, and they are envious. I did not realise it was important for you to speak with them directly. I will tell them to heed your words, my brother. You should not have to be quiet, when…”
“Do not bother yourself.” Akhenaten said, with a dismissive wave of his slender hand. He had heard enough. “I do not want to waste my time explaining my mind to these insects. I have greater things to worry about. I am happy for you to do all the talking from now on, my brother. Think nothing more of it.”
“As you wish.” said Smenkhkare, leaving the tent. 
Akhenaten knew his brother was obedient. Even as a child, he protected him from his other siblings, who teased him incessantly about his proud features. His brother was a valuable ally, one that made his early childhood tolerable. That was why he allowed him to live. 
As soon as Akhenaten’s mother died and his father began his preparations for the afterlife, Akhenaten ensured his other siblings were systematically eliminated. It was far easier than he could have imagined. After he killed for the first time, it became easier and easier to kill again. In fact, he now derived some pleasure from the act. Killing someone was the ultimate display of your power over their life, and controlling the time and manner of their death the ultimate power over their soul.
Akhenaten remembered the day well, when he finally made his move and killed his brother, the prince Thutmose. The funeral of Smenkhkare’s mother, the beautiful Princess Sitamen, took place with all the lavish finery expected of her status. The funeral procession, now horribly depleted by Akhenaten’s actions, made its way from the grand valley to the Great City, there to begin the three days mourning traditional. After which, the princess’ soul would be lifted up into the heavens and begin its eternal rest with the Gods. 
Thutmose was the eldest son and would be the next in line to lead the people after his father’s death. Akhenaten could not allow that to happen. However, stopping his brother proved difficult. 
Thutmose was the head priest of Ptah from Iunu. Constantly watched and protected by his priestly staff, Akhenaten could only be near Thutmose under the supervision of his many attendants. The funeral of Smenkhkare’s mother however, provided just the opportunity needed. 
With his retinue back in Iunu completing the rituals of passing from the book of the dead, Thutmose was finally vulnerable. 
It was easy for Akhenaten to slip unnoticed into his brother’s chamber. It was even easier to pour the poison into his mouth as he slept and watch as he slowly drifted away. His first great mission was complete.
The next morning, the servants at the palace found Thutmose’s body, but the poison was unnoticeable. Even that detestable leech The Seer could find no reason for the death. 
Akhenaten’s father said his brother died of a broken heart. That could well have been the truth. With his brother’s premature death, the last obstacle to him seizing power was finally removed. 
Akhenaten hoped Smenkhkare was telling him the truth about the priests being afraid of how he looked. It would be a shame to have to kill his brother before his work was done.
Before long, the troop of priests and attendants were ready to leave their camp. Akhenaten knew the journey eastward to the El-Khadim temple would take several days and rapid progress was required. It would take time for word of his treachery to reach the fortifications on the outskirts of his lands and this would ensure they encountered as little resistance as possible as they travelled. During his reign, he systematically drained the garrisons along their route of resources and supplies to ensure any force met during their great migration would be no match for them. 
The route planned was a difficult one. They could not go by way of the sea of red to the south, as there were simply too many of them and too few boats capable of traversing it. Therefore, they could also not travel by way of the bitter lakes of the north. The only way that provided fast passage was the marshlands that lay between the two stretches of water. 
The marshes were flat and tranquil, and the vast reed-lined banks looked fertile and appealing from distance. However, they harboured a deadly secret. The marshlands sat on sands that shifted so quickly, they caught out even the hardiest of travellers. Many times, caravans travelling from the far borders of their empire disappeared, lost to its tidal floods or invisible sinkholes.
As the convoy of men and beasts travelled eastward, the carriage of the Ark glowed brilliantly, pillars of fire and smoke intermittently flaring from its roof. 
Akhenaten knew all too well what was happening. Smenkhkare was imbuing the artefacts. Yet, to the people who followed them it was a sign from Israel. It was a sign to follow the Ark wherever it took them. 
During the day, the priests talked about the smoke being a sign from Israel to aid them in their journey and by night, those same priests said the fires were there to light their way. 
Akhenaten thought of the priests as the most knowledgeable of all the men at his disposal, but he was beginning to change that opinion. He thought it strange they needed to ascribe any relationship between the smoke and the fire to divine leadership. He found it even stranger they were so desperate to write everything down, to keep for eternity the story of their escape. It appeared they were just as confused as the other people of his lands, lost in a vain attempt to make order from the chaos raging around them. 
Akhenaten was once the same, adrift in his desperate battle with mortality. He always clung to the hope the sacred texts were the way to divinity. He now knew, after he and his brother finished the works of his grandfather, the sacred texts were not the way to eternal redemption. After years of painstaking study, he learnt of the real reason for the locations of the sacred mounds, and about the First Time. He was sure that at the end of his journey, he would finally find the key to unlocking the real gift of the Gods, control of the Tree of Life itself.
As dusk fell on their second day of travel, the massed ranks of men found themselves within viewing distance of the marshes. It did not take long to erect Akhenaten’s massive tent, and soon he and Smenkhkare were alone within its sheltered confines; an array of sweetbreads, honey, and wine laid out for their indulgence.
“Have you completed your work?” Akhenaten asked, as Smenkhkare poured them both a hearty amount of wine.
“I do not know how much of the Gods power has been stored within the artefacts. The last of the gold was not as pure as it should have been. There is still some left, but for the good it will do the artefacts, we may as well keep it to use as signs for our followers during our travels.” said Smenkhkare, apologetically.
“And we have no more?”
“Not until Yehoshua arrives.”
That was not the news Akhenaten was looking for. He knew that if the army of the priests of Ra caught up with them, only the power of the artefacts could hope to save him. For the time being, he would have to pray that day never came.
“Has there been any news from our scouts?” Akhenaten asked, changing the topic to something more palatable.
“None. Michaenas is not hopeful of their return.”
More bad news. Things were not going how he needed. “Without our scouts and without Yehoshua we are vulnerable to attack.” he said, irritated. “We have to make the crossing as soon as we can. I have finished charting the stars, and now know the tides for our crossing. The waters will be at their lowest soon, but will not expose the land fully until just after dawn. We may have to make our way by nightfall.”
“We should not take this risk, my brother. If we fall to the tides or to the trap sands then we lose everything. We should allow Michaenas to send out his men and find the scouts. We have to be careful now. We can push on once we are in sight of the mountain of the Gods if we must.”
Akhenaten appraised Smenkhkare. This was the second time he opposed his plans. Could it be Smenkhkare was turning against him? He was unsure, but while there was still some reason in his brother’s thoughts, he would listen to his council. “We cannot allow the artefacts to fall back into the hands of the ignorant. Not now we are so close. Have the men continually walk the edge of the camp. If they see any sign of trouble then we and the priests will leave immediately.”
“As you wish. I will inform the priests to arrange the watch.”
As Smenkhkare left the tent, Akhenaten made his way to his sleeping mat. Hoping that tomorrow would be a better day than today, he sunk into the soft, down covers and slept a deep and trouble free sleep.






Chapter 25


A black Land Rover screeched down the dimly lit Amsterdam streets distracting the passenger, as a mobile phone was slammed shut. Idiocy would not be tolerated. Another number was dialled.
“Good evening.” the hesitant male answerer said. “I heard there were complications with...”
The sentence was cut short with a derisory comment about lacklustre training and failure to understand simple commands. It was impressed upon the call’s recipient the situation could not be allowed to continue. Staying out of affairs was asking no questions about orders given. It was not an excuse to fail.
“I completely understand.” the man replied, his shaky voice attempting to placate the caller. “I know you have placed your trust in us and we have...”
Again with the platitudes! When would the vermin that infested this planet realise they should just shut their mouths and listen, rather than talking incessantly? Was it not enough for the higher members of society to tolerate the presence of these masses? It was made clear further responses would only be tolerated with yes or no answers.
“Yes.” the man said.
The phone was hung up and a tap on the Plexiglas separating driver from passenger began the drive away from the Bilderberg. 
The passenger could not control his rage much longer. Heads would roll if things did not change, and every player would be held equally responsible. 
Innocence was an illusion. An illusion that children have taken away by knowledge and one the wealthy could buy when needed. Innocence died thousands of years ago, but somehow clung on through the pages of a twisted story. That innocence was crucial to preserve. The stability of peoples, countries, ideologies, and even markets depended on it. True innocence, and the secret prison in which that innocence was confined, could yet be maintained.
A stray yawn resounded across the back seat and reminded the occupant of the effort consumed. Time was running short and failure met twice already. 
A black book was flicked through until a number was found. Ten minutes later, another call was completed, three more hits made, and more options for innocence’s escape removed.
 





Chapter 26


Chris drove as fast as he could down the winding streets, as Carl gazed out of the passenger window. In the back of the car, Louisa fidgeted uncomfortably, rubbing the bruise forming on her brow from the heavy impact with her assailant. To her side, Justin looked deep in thought, as he stared out into the night.
Long ago, Carl only ever wanted to serve his God. He fulfilled his duty with vigour. He was even given chance to be an attendant priest in the Vatican at just twenty-two. It was an honour he could not refuse. He loved his God and his church, and serving them in such a fashion was a validation of everything he believed. 
However, it was clear from the start that love and honour were not enough. He was also fascinated by history. 
There, amongst the many pilfered artefacts housed in the grandiose buildings of the Papal state, his doubts began to surface. Soon, his thirst for answers led to an uncomfortable silence surrounding him and shortly after the silence blanketed his every action, he was asked to leave. 
Still wanting to do what he saw as good, Carl joined the American military as a chaplain. Four weeks later, in nineteen ninety-one, he was in Iraq. Although the conflict was brief, it was a wakeup call to his humanity. The suffering of the poor and innocent he bore witness to, too much for anyone of good conscience to bear. Therefore, when the military left, he stayed. He worked as a military envoy. Spreading the good word and assisting where he could with the rebuilding of the country. It was during the rebuilding process his thirst for knowledge rose to the surface and began to encroach upon everything.
Iraq held a rich and deep history. Inside its sandy borders lay the wonders of the oldest civilised peoples of the ancient world, the great ruins of Sumer and Assyria. He walked in the footsteps of the archaeologists of old, exploring the majestic ruins of Nineveh, Ur, and Larsa. What he found changed him forever. His God was not his own. 
Carl cried the night he read the epic of Gilgamesh. Tears flowed down his cheeks, wetting his tunic as the words drifted from the page and smashed away his faith. His faith was a lie, and his most sacred book’s writers were nothing more than plagiarisers of ancient stories.
Soon, Carl found more and more evidence the tales he cherished so long were nothing more than regurgitated myths, given voice and character to sell them to their audience.
When the second war broke out ten years later, an insidious evil came with it. Looters began to strip the lands of everything, selling unimaginably ancient treasures to the highest bidder. The scattering of the lost history of the world was too much for Carl to witness. He publicly expressed his newfound beliefs, and the action sealed his fate. 
Carl was excommunicated inside a week, ostracised from his faith. Nevertheless, it did not stop him. He took it as an opportunity. He travelled the world, learning as much as he could and trying to put the pieces of the lost story together. He took jobs in museums, his knowledge expanding as he catalogued their precious antiquities. Now he was here, on the run from unknown enemies and on a quest to locate the Ark of Ra. He was back on the trail of God, and this time he would find the truth.
Chris pulled in next to a row of beautiful, stone built apartments and flung the driver’s door open. Not waiting to explain, he ran to the kerb and up a short flight of steps to an ornate door.
“Where are we?” asked Louisa.
“I don’t know.” said Carl, lowering the window so he could hear what was going on. “But I’m sure Chris knows what he’s doing.”
However, it was clear as Chris charged back down the steps frowning, whatever plan he had was about to change.
“The door’s been jimmied. They’ve been here.” said Chris, as he climbed back into the car.
“Who’s been here?” asked Louisa. “Whose house is this?”
“Lieutenant Patrick; our pilot’s.”
“Sean Patrick?” asked Carl.
“Yeah. If they’ve been here, it’s probable to assume they thought we could be staying with him.”
“We’ve got to go and see if he’s up there.” said Carl, fumbling with the door handle. “He’s got three kids.”
“It’s too late, Carl.” said Chris, firmly. “If they’ve been here then they’re already as dead as we should have been. You know the drill, leave no witnesses.”
Carl closed his eyes and shook his head. Yet more innocent blood was on his hands.
“He was a good man.” said Chris, placing a comforting hand on Carl’s shoulder. “He knew agreeing to help us in case of need had its risks, but he also knew that’s what set him apart from everyone else. He’s a loss to everyone who shared his life.”
“Yeah, I guess. But his kids…”
“Killing a child is a vile act; the act of a coward. We have to be strong. We have to keep going and finish this. We can’t let the monsters that did this get away with it.”
Carl looked up at his friend and saw the steel in his eyes. He was right. “To do that we need to know what they know. We need to try and get ahead of these guys, Chris.”
“Agreed. God knows how many more operatives are on our tail.”
“All we need now is a way out of here.”
“It’s a risk, but I’m going to have to call in another favour.” said Chris, dragging his phone from his pocket and slipping a SIM card into it. “This guy owes me, but he’s not going to like that I’m contacting him. If anyone outside the UK knows what happened this morning, you can bet I’m ringing him.”
Carl was nervous. Chris was not a risk taker. If he was stepping out on a limb, it meant he was worried. In all the time he spent with Chris in Iraq during both wars, he had never once even come close to seeing him this way. It was unsettling.
The call was arduous; ten minutes of watching Chris struggle to find a way to convince whom he was calling to take his word for what happened. As the conversation neared its conclusion, Chris’ furrowed brow relaxed, he removed a pad from his pocket, and started making notes. After signing off with a grateful thank you, Chris dismantled his phone and tossed the SIM out into the night.
“Are we on?” Carl asked, more sure of a positive response than he had been at the start of the call.
“Just.” said Chris, starting the engine. “We have a stop to make first. We need to lay a bait trail.”
They scorched through the empty Amsterdam streets, leaving the city behind and making their way out toward Schiphol once more. Soon, they were pulling into an empty bay at the hanger where only hours earlier they arrived. 
Chris flung the door open and strode out of the car toward the building, Carl in tow.
“Follow at a careful distance.” said Carl, to Justin and Louisa. “We’ve no idea who might be here.”
The entrance’s aluminium cover was pulled open, the metal wrenched asunder and the door smashed. The inside of the office was dark, save for the bluish glow coming from a computer monitor. The soft tone, reflected from the magnolia walls, washed the space in a murky ambience that seemed to float above the objects it illuminated. 
Carl scanned the room. The cabinets lining the walls emptied, their travel magazines and tourist information booklets piled around their bases and the desks looted.
Carl carefully moved inside, every one of his senses on alert, as Chris made a brief check of the small kitchenette and waiting room. 
Chris motioned for Carl to advance to the hanger door, flinging it open at his signal. The hanger was drenched in inky silence, as black as the night outside. Carl reached round its chunky frame and fumbled for the light switch. The hanger shuddered into life, but nothing moved in the vast space. 
“It’s clear.” said Chris, tucking his gun back into his belt and ushering Justin over to the computer screen. “You’re our best shot at figuring this out quickly. Get into the system and get a flight plan logged for as soon as you can. I’ll give you the details. Carl, I need to know of anywhere else that might be a logical next step for us. Somewhere far away would be good.”
“Mesoamerica.” said Carl, leaning over the desk. “If we’re following the trail of the Ark based on the clues Dave gave us, Mexico City would seem like a good target.”
Justin accessed the system and after a brief inspection of the layout, was soon punching data into a form, as Carl and Chris watched on and provided the finer detail required.
Once done, Chris asked Justin to do a poor job of trying to hide what he had done. Their bait trail was in place.
“Now, let’s get to the airport. My contact won’t wait long.” said Chris, heading for the exit.
“I have a question.” said Louisa, not moving. “If you can trust this man to get us out of the country, then how can you not trust him to be our protector? You said we needed to find someone to go to with our story. Surely we’ve found one.”
“I don’t trust him though.” said Chris. “He’s an old black-ops colleague of mine, hiring out his skills as a mercenary. He serves money, nothing more. However, he owes me his life. If we’re going to get out of here, he’s our best shot.”
“Are you sure about this, Chris.” asked Carl, acutely aware of how rotten certain eggs could become once money was involved.
“If we stay, we definitely all die.” said Chris, his features drawing tight with the severity of his words. “If we trust this guy with our story, he could sell us to the highest bidder, and we’ll almost certainly die. However, if we use him to get out of here, then we might live, unless it’s a trap, and then we won’t.” He paused, shaking his head as his voice took on a hint of uncertainty. “I’ve got nothing else. All my escape routes are blown and my friend, the one person who could have helped us, is now dead. If anyone has a better suggestion, I’m all ears.” 
“It looks like we’re backed into a corner.” said Carl, unable to assist.
“We can’t stand around here discussing this any longer. Someone make the call.” said Chris, pushing for a response.
“Let’s do it.” said Justin, confidently. “If it’s the best we’ve got, then we take it.”
“Louisa?”
“I need some sleep, some aspirin for my headache, and a bath. If you can promise to get me those things at some point, I will do just about anything you ask.”
“I’ll do my best.” said Chris, with a smile. “Let’s move.”
They left the offices behind and started the long jog around the perimeter of the airport. 
It had been many years since Carl had done more than the most basic exercise, and he struggled to keep pace as they strode onward. Even Justin, burdened with the duffel, made the run look effortless. When this was over, he promised himself he would get a gym membership and sort his state of physical disrepair out.
Ten minutes later, Chris stopped by a mesh fence, to one side of a catering facility on the edge of the main terminus. “We wait here.” he said, looking at Carl and grinning. “It looks like someone could do with the rest anyhow.”
Carl could not find the energy to muster a response. He flopped onto the grass verge and tried to take deep breaths, hoping his perspiration would diminish.
Only a few moments later, a grey saloon pulled up next to them and the passenger door opened. “Get in. We haven’t got long.” said the driver.
Chris climbed into the passenger seat and Carl opened the rear door and graciously allowed Justin and Louisa to take up positions on the back seat before squeezing in next to them. 
Carl prided himself on being a reasonable judge of character, and looking at the massive man in the driver’s seat did not give him the cosy feeling he was hoping for.
The driver was at least six-six, and wore a tight, linen shirt to project his muscular frame. His ripped arms were covered in tattoos and his goatee and sunglasses counterpointed the ridges of his shaved scalp.
As they pulled away from the kerb, the man turned to Chris and smiled. “You finally made a mistake, hey bro.” he said, in a strange, metrosexual tone. “There’s some wipes and other cleaning stuff in a bag on the parcel shelf. You should try to get yourselves looking as smart as possible. You’ve got some balls, I’ll give you that. The wires are lit up with folk looking for you. There’s a handsome bounty out there for someone.”
“Try it and die.” said Chris, his pistol laid across his lap.
“It’s going to be like that, is it?” said the man, grinning widely and showing off a frightening array of golden teeth. “You should know that if I wanted to hand you in…”
“Stow it.” said Chris, sternly. “Just tell me you have a way out for us.”
“I do. I owe you and I pay my debts. You can put the toy down.”
“Not until we’re clear.”
“Have it your way.” said the man, with a chortle. “You might want to hide the pea-shooter for the barriers ahead though. Do you have your documents?”
The car turned into a brightly lit security checkpoint. A guard holding an assault rifle stepped out from the small booth, as Chris tucked the gun back under his jacket and handed over their newly acquired passports.
“Good evening sir.” said the driver, as he wound the window down. He reached into the side panel of the door, retrieved a copy of an official looking document, and handed it and their passports over. “I believe the reason for our arrival should have been communicated already. I hope everything is in order.”
The guard looked at the docs and into the faces in the car, before he headed to the booth and returned with a clipboard and a handful of security passes. “The documents are in order, Mister Grainger. I’m glad that we could come to this arrangement.”
“It’s a pleasure.” said the driver, as the guard lifted the security barrier and allowed them through. 
Chris checked the passes, as the car stopped by an unmarked entrance where two more security guards stood either side of a windowless door.
“You’re travelling as diplomats. Don’t make a scene and everything will be fine. You can ignore security points by flashing them at the barriers. Your flight leaves in forty minutes. Don’t try to make small talk with anyone. Act as though you know what you are doing and you are too busy and important to be bothered by the mundane. From what I remember colonel, you should find that easy.”
“Debt repaid.” said Chris, as he motioned for the group to exit the vehicle. “I don’t know what you gave up back there, but thanks.”
“The man is part of a syndicate running drugs. I just gave him a nudge to say that I know what he’s doing, but will stay out of his way for a favour.”
“All the same, thank you.”
“Best save those thanks, colonel. My debt is cleared. If you ever cross my radar again, know you’re fair game.”
Carl watched as the driver slammed the passenger door and sped off into the night, leaving them alone outside the austere edifice of the airport. “He doesn’t look like the sort of guy you need on your tail.”
“He’s not.” said Chris, watching the man disappear. “But we’ve got bigger fish to fry. I’ll deal with him later. Right now, we need to get on our flight.”






Chapter 27


The first glint of morning hue broke through the entrance of the tent and quickly erased the languid chill inside. 
Akhenaten roused, something other than sunlight disturbing his peace. He looked across at his brother, as shrill voices swarmed into focus. He could hear the raised cries as they approached the entrance, his mind racing to snap him from the shackles of sleep.
“My lords! My lords!” came a panicked call. “My lords, you must wake.”
The noise was given form as their head priest Michaenas barged into the tent, flinging screaming shots of golden light bristling inside, momentarily blinding his fragile eyes.
Michaenas was a tall and slender man. His features were slight and he wore his hair in long, brightly adorned knots that ran down his face. He was once Akhenaten’s second vizier, and his steadfast devotion to his duty was unmatched. His many years of study of the history of the lands made him a widely respected and intelligent ally.
“My lords! There is movement from behind us. A large mass of men and beasts.” said Michaenas, out of breath.
“Is it Yehoshua?” Akhenaten asked, as he righted himself with a stretched yawn.
“No, my lord. They are led by the priests of Iunu.”
What Akhenaten feared had come to pass. Yashu had not yet returned to give his retinue protection and their enemies were upon them. There was little they could do but flee.
“Go back into the masses and tell them to make ready our departure.” said Akhenaten, struggling to get dressed. “How far are they behind us?”
“Not long, my lord. My men ran into them whilst searching for the scouts. They say they will be on top of us before the dawn is out.” said Michaenas, bowing deeply in show of servitude. “I shall go and ready the men to leave.”
Akhenaten let out a growl, as he started stashing his possessions in a series of boxes. There was no time.
“How long until the waters have receded from the marsh, my brother?” said Smenkhkare, as he fumbled with his vestments.
“If we are just beyond first light then we have some time to wait yet. The army of the priests may be upon us before they have fallen enough. It will be close.”
Outside the tent, the priests worked tirelessly to ensure their followers were ready. The ramshackle tents that covered the dunes around the outskirts of the Reed Sea hastily dismantled and stowed upon every conceivable beast of burden. Farmers and shepherds rounded their flocks to traverse the expanse, as women hastily made food for the day’s travel.
Akhenaten stood atop the last dune before the marshlands. To his rear, he could see the slowly approaching dust plume of his enemies, silhouetted against the horizon. He could feel the warmth of the first sirocco billowing, as if sucked toward the mouth of the sun itself. He looked out at the lightly shimmering view of the marshlands and knew that many would die in their crossing. The waters must fall to half their current level before he could be sure they would be safe, but they were out of options. To remain would mean certain doom. All he could hope was that he could pick his way across the small islands exposed by the water’s passing in a manner that saved as many as possible. 
Akhenaten could feel the urgency of the ranks behind him. He could hear the crowd beginning to fret and moan, their allegiance waning in the light of their assumed death. He lifted his arms into the air, his palms open and fingers splayed, as if to hold back the tide. He turned and looked at his brother, who sensing the same air of unease in their followers made his way to the carriage of the Ark. 
Akhenaten watched and waited, as Smenkhkare stepped inside and began his task. Moments later, a huge tower of flame and smoke burst forth from its roof and shot into the sky.
This was the signal Akhenaten needed to begin their journey; one that he, as the best tracker among them, would have to lead. “For Israel and for eternity!” he said, his voice carried far on the morning wind, as he lowered his hands back to his sides in a gesture of strength. 
Akhenaten began his march to the rapturous applause of the priests. In unison, it spread throughout his followers, until the deafening cacophony of noise turned into a living roar that almost placed him on the marsh’s edge.
The saline waters were still above his ankles as Akhenaten began his trek. He moved as quickly as he could, drifting from bank to bank, always looking for where the roots of the reeds were tight and held the sands firmly. Behind him, the masses moved to follow the Ark. They walked no more than twelve men abreast, cautiously trailing the footfalls of those they shadowed. 
By the time the sun’s power was warming the last puddles of water that lingered around his toes, Akhenaten was beginning to lose sight of the foothills at his back. Two Nubian males, each a clear arm’s length taller than he, shaded his head with palm leaves as he walked. Occasionally, a priest would join him and tell him of shepherd’s flocks that wandered too far off the course he was setting, gone forever in the silt that engulfed them. He told the priests they should see this as a test from their God, a sign that all who strayed from the path he laid before them would be doomed to the eternal damnation of a sandy tomb. The priests obeyed, but their pleading tones for a slower pace became ever more frantic as the morning progressed until eventually, a priest arrived in full-blown panic.
“My lord!” the man yelled, as he approached. “The armies of Iunu have been spotted making their way out into the marshes.”
Akhenaten knew this moment would arrive. He chose the narrowest point of the Reed Sea to cross, but even he would not be on the far side until well into the afternoon. That meant the remainder of his followers would be destroyed long before they reached safety. He turned to face the man, to command him to tell the people to move as fast as they could, but his eyes did not fall upon his priest. There, slowly coming into focus through the haze of the midday sun was a sight far more fearsome than any army. Drifting toward his people, a massive, raging wall of sand reared out of the horizon.
“Tell the people to run. Tell them to follow as quickly as they can. We have to get out of the marshlands!” Akhenaten said, spinning the man and pointing.
“Israel save us!” said the priest, his mouth agape.
“He will, my child. But you must hurry and get word to our people.”
Akhenaten turned his attention back to the marsh and began to move. His walk quickening in pace, as he strode his way across the dunes toward the far side. As he ran, he began to notice the water getting deeper and cooler. The tide was rising again. For what seemed like an eternity, he jogged between the thick reeds and across the small dunes, which made up the marshes. 
Eventually, Akhenaten could see the land in front of him beginning to rise. Soon, he was running with his head up between the tall grasses that lined the edge of the marshland. He could see his followers, straggled out over the marshes. They scrambled along the route, twisting like a giant serpent. Behind them, he could see the army of the priests. It was condensed and moving fast, the sandstorm at their backs. He could see the panic in its ranks, as men pushed their mounts on, headless of the dangers surrounding them. 
To stay in this sandstorm would mean certain doom. Akhenaten knew the fine dust blown up by the storm would mix with the moisture in the air and form a thick paste in the throat that would make breathing difficult. It would not be long before anyone trapped on the marshes would be blinded by the sandstorm and wander from the path, their hellish doom sealed. He watched helplessly, as the fast approaching sandstorm engulfed his pursuers’ army and waited to see how many of his people would be next. 
The great wall of sand surged onward, driven by the desert wind. It was moving quickly enough to pass horses in full flight, but it only appeared to creep through the sky, casually billowing here and wandering there. As it approached the back ranks of his followers, it spread total disorder. Shepherds, heedless to the dangers around them, ran at full speed across the quickly disappearing dunes, their flocks becoming dispersed. Pack animals, young children and the old, the terror that engulfed them made no distinction. 
“It does not bode well, my brother.” said Smenkhkare, arriving at his side breathing hard.
“No, it does not. The storm will soon be upon us. Have the priests organise the erection of the tents in protective circles facing the hillside.”
“And what should I tell them about the people still in the marshes?”
“Tell them that Israel’s judgement is coming down. Tell them that all who oppose him will fall before his power, because he is a jealous God; a God of might and war.”
Smenkhkare acted quickly to organise the people, as arcs of tents were placed against the sheer face of the cliffs. Each tent tied to its neighbour and moored against any outcroppings found. 
Akhenaten made his way to his tent. Surrounded by the shelters of their priests, and perched on a ledge above the heaving throngs of his followers, it allowed him a vantage point from which to watch what was happening.
The storm was now a giant wave of brown that obliterated the horizon, and Akhenaten could feel the first whipping stings of sand from its leading edge. 
“You should get to safety, my lord.” said Michaenas, looking on worriedly from his tent’s entrance.
“I will be fine. I am the right hand of my God. I do not fear his wrath; I embrace it. You however, are not.”
Michaenas bowed, disappearing inside the heavy cloth structure, as Smenkhkare walked over, a frown across his face.
“Do you have to play with the priest’s image of their new God?” said Smenkhkare, his voice whiny. “If you continue to force the belief upon them that you are something other than they will accept, it may become difficult to keep them in line. The Akkadian priests are already saying Israel is not truly the same God their prophet Abram worshipped.”
Smenkhkare’s comments were quickly becoming an irksome addition to their endeavours Akhenaten could well do without. If his brother did not find a way of holding his tongue soon, he would have Michaenas remove it from his mouth. 
“The priests need to have their faith imposed or their belief will not be strong enough for what lies ahead.” said Akhenaten, almost spitting the words from his pursed lips. “You should not question how I enforce devotion from my people!”
“I know what we need to do, but we are playing a game whose outcome we are unsure of, my brother.” said Smenkhkare, his voice so tinged with pathetic uncertainty it revolted Akhenaten to listen to it. “We are attempting to hold together a group of people who were at war with each other no more than three generations ago. We should not give them reason to question what they are doing, or their fragile allegiance may give way to their historic enmity.”
Akhenaten glared at Smenkhkare. This was the third time his wishes had been questioned. There would be no more chances. This time was the last, no matter how useful his brother’s knowledge was.
“This conversation has reached its conclusion, brother.” said Akhenaten, moving close to Smenkhkare and letting him feel the heat of his breath as he spoke. “As has my patience. Do not try me again.”
The sandstorm swirled around the tents throughout what was left of the afternoon. When the sun’s heat fell enough to take the strength from the air and collapse the storm, it was well into the evening.
Akhenaten stepped outside as soon as the first streams of reddish light were visible again through the entrance, walking toward the edge of bluff and surveying the scene below. 
People were out, busily ensuring livestock and family members were safe. It looked as though little was lost from their camp to the storm. The same could not be said for the marshland. 
The slowly fading sun gave the scant waters an ethereal tinge akin to blood. Pockets of dead animals and people, caught by the sand traps that lined it, exposed by the falling waterline. Other unfortunates, those who probably succumbed through gagging, floated lifelessly on the water’s surface. The sea was littered with such corpses, as far as the eye could see. 
Akhenaten could see people looking up at him, as he raised his staff high into the air. “Behold!” he said, ensuring that all who heard his voice knew to listen. “Look at what Israel has brought upon the unrighteous! He has delivered us safely across the Reed Sea and devoured his enemies who dared chase his people! His might and his justice know no bounds! His wisdom and compassion toward those who follow his words is unmatched! Israel be praised!” 
A roar went up at his words and Akhenaten bathed in the glory of his people’s adulation. As he stood, basking in the subservience he elicited, the words of the Zep Tepi rang round his head. 
This is how the first man and woman, who the Akkadian priests called Adamma, must have felt as they stood atop the hillside with the serpent. The thought filled him with pride, as a crooked smile of contempt crawled across his face. 
With the priest’s army vanquished, very little now stood between him and Godhood. 





Chapter 28


Once the flight was in the air, Louisa’s mood lightened. She knew Chris and Carl were probably well versed in disguising their intentions from others, but she and Justin were not. Their travel through the back alleys of the airport was tense, but thankfully uneventful. Finally, they boarded their flight; first class to Jerusalem.
As soon as Louisa sunk into her leather-upholstered seat, she kicked off her the shoes and began to rub the aches from her bruised foot. Male hipbones were harder than she imagined.
Chris was trying his best to look asleep in the chair next to her, but Louisa could tell he was watching. Good. Let him watch. 
Louisa rested her feet against the chair in front and began to move her hands in long, exaggerated strokes from her ankles to her the lip of her skirt. As she finished and leaned back in her seat, she let out an involuntary giggle. 
Chris was not even her type. Louisa went for the academic, a man whose passion came from what he said and not what he did. Nevertheless, something about Chris, his confidence or the way he was unflustered by even the most dangerous of situations, intrigued her like no one she had ever met. He was an unknown, a puzzle to solve. Once this was over, she would make it her business to unlock his secrets.
Trying not to make it look like she was interested in his restrained ogling, Louisa turned her attention to Justin and Carl who were talking about the reasons behind their journey to Israel, and ordered a miniature bottle of wine from an attendant. 
Louisa had a basic grasp of the contents of the Bible and of ancient history, but nothing on the level these two were discussing. It was akin to gibberish. Supposedly, the book of Genesis held the answers and a strange reference to the serpent in the story of Adam and Eve.
It appeared that even the Bible knew snakes and serpents were different things. Most of Louisa’s recollections of the Genesis story of the serpent came from works of art; most clearly showing a snake, perhaps a python, wrapped around an apple tree. However, that image seemed to be a fallacy.
“The real answer is there is no description of what the serpent looked like.” said Carl, leaning over to Justin. “Although we can assume quite a few things from the text because of the way the story plays out. All this information comes from Genesis three. It starts by saying the serpent is more devious than any beast of the field. It is interesting to note that the Bible only uses this phrase to talk about what we would now call farm animals; cows, pigs, bulls, sheep etcetera. It goes on to have the serpent talk to Eve, which in itself says something about the difference between serpents and snakes, as most snakes can’t talk as far as I know. Then the serpent convinces Eve to eat the fruit of the Tree of Knowledge, after it tells her she won’t die as God said she would, and will gain the knowledge of good and evil if she does. Therefore, she complies and then convinces Adam to do the same. The interesting thing is this: Who does the story show is lying to Adam and Eve? Is it the serpent or God?”
“Oh yeah, it’s God who lies to them.” said Justin, catching on. “God doesn’t want Adam and Eve to be educated, so he lies about the fruit killing them; because it doesn’t.”
“I’ve used it at religious rallies before, asking hysterical, right-wing Christians why they are wearing clothes and sending their kids to college. Most of them don’t realise God actually wanted everyone to be naked and uneducated. They forget it was the evil, treacherous serpent that gave us teaching, arts, music, and medicine! Foul creature that it was!”
Louisa giggled, imagining how rich, white Americans reacted as this muscular African-American delivered his sting with such erudition.
“Next thing you know, Adam and Eve are making clothes, and the story gets almost comedic.” continued Carl. “Adam and Eve gain the knowledge of good and evil, then become scared of God and go hide. Why? Is the story saying they are scared of God because they can now tell he’s evil? You wouldn’t be afraid of a good and forgiving God, would you? It also says that when they are hiding, God has to call out to Adam to find out where he is. This is the funniest moment in the Bible for me! God, the omnipotent creator of the universe, can’t find a man in a garden hidden by a tree and a fig leaf!” 
“It’s remarkably funny to think that some people believe this actually happened.” said Justin, laughing.
“That’s not funny kid. That’s really damn scary if you ask me.” said Carl, a seriousness flashing in his eyes. “Especially when you think the people who believe this trash have control over our laws and what gets taught in our schools.”
Louisa hated to admit it, but she thought the same way. She had never been terribly religious. Even though her parents were Catholic, her limited forays into her beliefs ended the day she went to medical school. Studying that hard for seven years left little time for spiritual pursuits. Not that she minded. If the news said anything about modern religion, it was that the fervent zeal of Islamic nations was being matched, if not bettered, by Christian fundamentalism emerging from the United States. Religion, as touted today, did not come across as a spiritual pursuit at all. It came across as it was, a warzone, and that made her want no part of it. 
“God then finds out they’ve eaten from the tree; his omniscience should have told him this already, but it’s obviously not working at this point.” said Carl, a more playful tone returning to his voice. “He then hands out punishments to all those involved. The serpent’s punishment is the one we’re interested in. God says; Because thou hast done this, thou art cursed above all cattle, and above every beast of the field; upon thy belly shalt thou go. Now, think about the punishment, and tell me what hits you.”
“The first thing is that it’s calling the serpent a beast of the field again and saying the serpent is cursed above all cattle. You’d only collect those statements together if that’s what they were. The serpent was thought of as a form of cattle.”
“You thought processes are very logical sometimes Justin, you can class me as impressed.”
“The other thing is,” Justin said, brimming with pride, “that it’s not a very good punishment. Snakes already crawl around on their bellies. That’s kind of what makes a snake, a snake. What sort of punishment forces something to do what it’s already doing?”
“Congratulations kid! So we can infer from the text, as long as we take God as infallible, that he has actually done something to the serpent to force it to crawl on its belly. And thus we have the real difference between snakes and serpents.”
“Which is?”
“Don’t fall down now Justin, you were nearly there. Beast of the field? Cursed above all cattle?”
“The serpent had legs!”
“Well done! So tell me what a snake with legs is called in every culture, all over the planet. The Bible refers to them directly many times by this name.”
“Dragons?”
“Well done again, Justin. Although, you should try to remove any modern ideas about dragons from your mind. We are not talking about fire-breathing, scale-covered lizards here, and that’s the reason why Mexico was a logical choice for our decoy trail.”
“There’s a Mexican dragon?”
Justin’s question mirrored Louisa’s thoughts. She had never heard of a dragon in the Bible. It made no sense. However, if dragons were mentioned in the Bible, why did all those Christians protest against the Harry Potter movies? Surely, that was a little two-faced. Not that she had ever heard of a Mexican dragon for that matter.
“There’s actually a very special Mexican dragon. Legend from Mexico says that he came across the sea in a boat without paddles and that he taught the early people’s writing, woodwork, stonemasonry, law, medicine and astronomy, among many other things. However, he’s not a lizard, he’s a man. A God made flesh.”
“If he’s not a snake then how is he a serpent or a dragon?”
“What would you call a dragon or a serpent that was a bird rather than a lizard? Would you say it was scaly or would you say it was something else?”
“I would say it was feathered. Are you saying Quetzalcoatl is the serpent of the Genesis account?”
“I am impressed you know of this figure Justin. Quetzalcoatl is just one of his names in the middle Americas. He has many, many others. Whether he is directly the serpent of the Genesis account I’m not sure, but as far as I’m concerned he’s of the same race and therefore intrinsically linked to the Ark.”
“The people who wrote the message we mistook as being from God; your Pioneer People!” said Justin, putting the pieces together. “I’d forgotten about them. The serpent is one of those guys!”
“You’ll get there in the end, kid.” said Carl, with a wink. “Now, if you don’t mind, I’m going to get some sleep. You should get to work with getting the data off those drives.”
Louisa gulped the last of her wine and ordered another. She deserved it. Whatever Carl was talking about was way beyond her reach of understanding, and thinking about it was making her headache worse. She turned and checked on Chris. He was now snoring lightly, his seat lounged all the way back and his broad chest heaving rhythmically.
As Carl leaned his own seat back and left Justin to work on the recovery of the data, Louisa rolled over to get some rest herself, and within seconds was sound asleep.
The next thing Louisa knew, the pilot was asking people to prepare for landing, and shortly afterward the group was making their way through the terminal.
Ben-Gurion airport was plush. As Louisa made her way through the building, she could not keep her thoughts from the other two airports in this region, Atarot and Yasser Arafat International. Both were crumbling ruins. Their buildings bombed-out and ransacked, and their runways cracked and potholed. As she walked, Louisa wondered if this airport would, in the fullness of time, end up in the same state of repair; not because of some geopolitical issue, but because two sets of rational people believed something different about ancient history. That one thought scared her in a way nothing else did.
As the group emerged from the building, the dramatic change in temperature between the air-conditioned interior and the sweltering heat of the Israeli desert struck like a sledgehammer, and Louisa found herself squinting through the bright sunshine. 
“Why do you keep bringing me to these places!” said Justin, as he struggled for breath. “It’s no wonder people around here are upset and angry all the time.”
“You think it’s hot now?” said Carl, turning toward the ranks of Mercedes taxis parked on one edge of the building. “You should try standing outside in the middle of the afternoon.”
Justin looked at his watch and realised it was displaying the wrong time. Searching the terminal walls, he eventually found a clock. It was only just past ten in the morning. “My jetlag is so exhausted it’s affecting my ability to focus on my fatigue.”
Carl walked up to one of the larger people carriers and opened the side door, allowing the group to filter inside. “Har HaZeitim.” he said, as he flicked through the contents of his wallet.
The driver glared at him.
Carl turned and looked when they did not move. Realising his mistake, he reworded his original comment. “Ana asif.” he said, sheepishly. “Jebel az-Zeitun. Min fadlek.” 
The driver’s glare softened a little as they began to drive off from the airport. 
“I’ve got to try to pay more attention when I’m speaking to people around here. I don’t want to be talking in Hebrew when I should be using Arabic.”
“No, you do not.” said the driver; his voice tinged with the curved vocalisations of his origin. “Although many of us speak English, who work at the airports. It makes it easier to take Christian pilgrims like you to our nation’s tourist attractions.”
“It seems like you’ve grown up a little.” said Chris, as he gazed out of the back window.
“Yes we have. In many ways.” said the driver, as he pulled out of the airport and on to the main motorway to Jerusalem. “Your fare for the journey will be two hundred dollars.”
“Two hundred dollars for forty miles!” said Louisa.
“As you say,” said the man, making sure Chris could hear his words, “we have grown up.”
Louisa watched as they left the relatively fertile land by the coast near Tel-Aviv behind and headed out into the unforgiving wastes of the Israeli desert. 
The motorway was a prime example of the dichotomy of many Middle Eastern societies. It was wonderfully constructed and surprisingly clean. Yet, just yards from its edge, the thatched huts and mud-brick dwellings of a population separated by political and religious intolerance lay. She endured an involuntary shiver, as she remembered news broadcasts from villages such as these. People butchered, food stores destroyed, and hope gone. The rotting embers of once great civilizations reduced to begging from their enemies.
As they came off the motorway toward the heart of Jerusalem, the density of the houses multiplied. When they turned south to circumvent the city centre, the noon sun was cascading off the impressive Dome of the Rock’s golden roof. The brilliant glow dazzled through the olive trees, which lined every street in the district, and bathed the sandstone vista in vibrant swathes of colour.
They pulled in at a busy taxi stop, the wide pavement crowded with a multitude of people from every race, as the driver happily waited for his payment.
Louisa stepped out of the taxi, avoiding the baying multitudes of religious pilgrims that swarmed everywhere. Across the pavement, a metal hutch sat by the side of a gateway in a long, stone wall. After scanning the array of signs, she eventually found one in English and was surprised to find she was outside the Garden of Gethsemane. Craning her neck and standing on tiptoes, she looked beyond the gate and into the garden itself. She was surprised to see it was just a dust track weaving around a collection of olive trees and yellowing sprouts of grass. She expected something grander. She expected… actually, she did not know. What should a two-thousand year old garden look like?
“So, what are we doing in Jerusalem again?” asked Louisa, as everyone else joined her on the curb. 
“We’re here to see Yeshua’s followers. Just as Dave said we should.” said Carl, looking for a clear path through the crowds.
“Yeshua being?” asked Chris.
“Jesus man. It’s Jesus’ real name.” said Carl, seemingly surprised no one knew what he was on about.
There was a strange dichotomy to Carl. At moments, Louisa thought he was very good at explaining himself, and he tried hard to simplify his thoughts. At others, it was as if he believed everyone should already understand what he was saying. She could tell it was a trait that was already irritating Chris.
“I suggest you get hold of an early copy of the King James authorized version of the Bible.” said Carl, realising he was losing everyone and offering an explanation. “You’ll find his name is not Jesus in their either.  His name is split by an apostrophe, Je’sus. Jesus is a given title, like nearly every other name used in the Bible. His real name was Yeshua bar Yosef, Je’sus son of Joseph. Early Hebrew has no J sound, that’s why the name is wrong in the Bible, because all the names have been Latinised. As a general rule, whenever you read a Biblical J, you should replace it with a Y, to give you a better inkling as to how it’s pronounced. Joseph becomes Yosef, Joshua become Yehoshua, etcetera. Yeshua is actually closer to a diminutive of the modern name Joshua. If Jesus was a literal translation of Yeshua rather than a given title, his name would actually be Jose or Josh in the Bible.”
Louisa could see a few small groups of tourists gaping, open-mouthed, in Carl’s direction and supressed a smile. 
In response to the stares, Carl straightened his jacket and set off. Walking with pace, he turned off the main road up one of the side streets, and began to weave his way toward the summit of the Mount of Olives.
“Why are Jesus’ followers so important, Carl?” asked Louisa, catching up to Carl as they strode up the incline.
“I think Dave thought they had something to do with all this. Two of the things he mentioned were Havilah and Yeshua’s followers. One is a mythical land mentioned in Genesis that’s a rich source of gold and the other, as you now know, is the real name of Jesus. Some people even contend that the land of milk and honey mentioned by Moses was in fact another name for the golden lands of Havilah. That’s the only link I have with this city, as it sits in the centre of those lands. Maybe the early Christians weren’t following a man, but an ideology based on a location.”
“So, Dave thought they knew something about the Ark of Ra?” asked Justin, sweating with the exertion of the climb and the heavy bag.
“I think so. Dave also mentioned something to do with disc and tablet, which I assume is the Tablets of Testimony from Exodus. He also said don’t follow the copy. I think he thought Moses didn’t smash the original tablets on the mount. The original text on those tablets could have something to do with the Ark.”
“My biblical history is a bit flaky.” said Louisa, not wanting to tell Carl she was struggling with every single comment he made.
“Exodus nineteen to thirty-four. Jethro, Moses’ father-in-law, has just dropped in to say hello after the battle at the twelve wells with the tribe of Amalek. Moses has led his people to Sinai and prepares to go up the mount. God then gives Moses fourteen commandments…”
“Fourteen?” said Louisa. She knew that was wrong. “It’s the Ten Commandments; just like the Charlton Heston movie.”
“Exodus twenty, where God gives Moses the rules he must live by, contains fourteen commandments. Just because the writer of the New Testament could only remember ten, it does not mean it is the correct figure.” 
Carl turned another corner and the road became steeper. In the distance, a collection of buildings marked by a peaked dome appeared above the tree line. 
“God then passes down laws about cattle, women, and the ownership of slaves.” said Carl, wheezing a little himself. “He goes on to describe exactly what sort of tent has to be made to store the Ark of the Covenant in, and then gets to work with the entire Burning Bush thing. When Moses is up Mount Sinai, the Israelites get broody and ask Aaron to make a golden calf. When Moses returns from the mount with the tablets, he’s so angry about what his people have done, he smashes them to dust. Later, Moses makes a copy of the originals to replace those he destroyed. Therefore, when Dave said don’t follow the copy, I think he was telling us not to track this second set. However, I cannot even think of the relevance to the Ark, other than the fact the Bible says the tablets were stored in it. Maybe they are not an exact copy. Maybe they don’t contain the same information. I’m not sure. I’ve never heard of anyone who believed the first copy survived or has even researched it. Nevertheless, I do know that on this hill is a place that could be another of the things that Dave referred to, the hidden place. It’s a shallow cave where the ossuaries of early Christians were placed.”
“Ossuaries? You mean burial boxes, right?” said Justin.
“Your knowledge of this stuff is much better than you give yourself credit for, Justin.” said Carl, stopping on the crest of the hill. “In nineteen fifty-three, a church called Dominus Flevit was built here. When they were digging the foundations, they found a cache of untouched ossuaries buried in an underground chamber. It’s the only place where you can actually see anything that belonged to the early Christians, as so little remains from the period.” 
A few hundred feet below was the simple, yet beautiful church of Dominus Flevit. Surrounding it, the dark-green spires of cypress trees counterpointed the bluish cap adorning its pear-shaped roof. In the distance, the Dome of the Rock’s magnificent golden roof shone brightly, providing a focal point in the sea of sandstone buildings. 
“Wow.” Louisa said, catching her emotion with a cough.
“That’s a hell of a view.” said Chris, as he puffed on a cigarette.
“I’ve never seen Jerusalem from here before. You can see why people would think it’s worth fighting for.” said Carl, staring wide-eyed at the glorious vista.
Stamping his cigarette out with a practiced flourish of his heel, Chris’ face hardened against the beauty. “Respite over guys. Let’s get done whatever we’re here to do. God knows how long we’ve got before we’re found again.”
 





Chapter 29


J’tan stirred. A cold cloth dribbled cool liquid across his forehead and down his cheek, and he could feel it pooling where the back of his head met the hard floor. He scanned the area for signs of activity, but found none. He was alone in the secret vault of his father’s temple. 
Gingerly rising, he made his way up the stairs, trying to ascertain where everyone had gone. The scene of devastation that met him outside shook him to the core. The temple was a crumbled wreck. Half of one side of the building lay collapsed and the statues that once lined its walls lay smashed into hundreds of pieces. 
Through the enormous gap in the structure, he could see the city. The buildings ablaze and many disintegrated to smouldering husks. A terrifying tower of black smoke billowed out from the heart of what remained and choked the light from the sky. He looked round the floor at his feet and terrifyingly began to pick out the faces of the bodies strewn there. 
To his right were the lifeless forms of two of his sisters. Both sliced along the lengths of their backs, attacked as they attempted to flee. Turning, he saw his beloved father’s broken body draped over the cracked remains of the altar, the last of his life’s blood dripping from a hideous wound across his throat. Finally, he gazed out toward the exit and his eyes landed on the form of his companion. Her white tunic stained with a gruesome mix of blood and other vital fluids, which made it cling to her once perfect skin in horrid, twisted knots. To her side, the children of the mason lay face down in the dirt, slaughtered as they ran. It was clear Samali had died as she had lived, in loyal protection.
J’tan’s mind reeled from the gruesome sight, and he found himself floundering out of the temple and into the square, gagging. 
However, there was no solace in the open; the bodies of the dead lay everywhere. Blood from the corpses made a thick red paste of the sand and it squelched under J’tan’s feet, clinging to the hairs on his legs, as he staggered, bewildered, through the streets of the once impressive city. Every road was the same, the people who once lived there exterminated. 
J’tan reached the main market plaza, his mind still scrambled, as his senses alerted him to a danger his eyes did not yet see. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up and a cold chill descended his spine. He spun, searching for the location of the enemy his subconscious was screaming at him to see. 
From off to one side of his field of vision, he could make out the main gates to the city. There, just at its base, an intense white light flared out. Yet somewhere, shrouded by the cloak of the brilliant rays, a figure stood motionless, blanketed by the dazzling distraction.
J’tan made his way toward it cautiously. He dodged between tables, trying to get to the source unnoticed. When he got within touching distance, its luminescence was almost unimaginable. He reached out an arm, his fingers cautiously feeling for cloth. As soon as his hand touched the fine material, the light disappeared, only to be replaced by a guttural snarl. 
The figure leapt at J’tan with frightening pace, clasping its hands round his throat, and squeezing with force. His knees buckled, as he crumpled to the floor, clawing at his neck. He looked up, frantic to see who was attacking him, as his mind recoiled in horror. It was his son, Malachi.
J’tan bolted upright from his dream; his head clattering into something hard, and forcing him back down. 
“Be careful.” Samali said.  “You have already done enough damage to yourself. Why did you wake up when we are in the smallest space we could be in?”
J’tan stopped wriggling and took stock of where he was. He was on a low ledge in the back of a tiny cave. To one side was Samali, and to the other were two horses. He looked toward the dim glow that drifted through the cave mouth and saw a raging sandstorm outside. “Samali?” he said, trying to rise, “What is…”
Samali curtailed his query, pushing him down and replacing the cloth against his brow. “You should be still. Your injuries were quite severe. You are lucky to be with us.”
J’tan’s mind was a mess. The only thing he could see when he tried to recall the last few days was the lifeless face of his son. He shooed the image away. What was in the past was done; he could no longer change it.
“Where are we?” J’tan asked, taking his mind away from the demons of thought experienced.
“We are out in the desert, heading toward the Reed Sea. When you did not wake after the events in the Temple, I had no choice but to continue our mission with you unconscious.”
“I had a dream.”
“You have had many over the past few days. You have been delirious.”
The air was full of the scent of slowly roasting meat and J’tan could smell the distinctive aroma of the herbal water infusion Samali was so partial to. 
“Are you hungry?” Samali asked, holding up a bowl of lamb stew for him to take.
J’tan grunted a response, took the bowl from her grasp, and began to eat frantically, as the hot broth scorched his fingers.
Samali shook her head at the barbarity on display and picked up her zhù, the sculpted sticks she used to eat. She held her steaming bowl just below her chin and delicately tossed clumps of meat and vegetables into her mouth with consummate skill, savouring the rich, sweet food.
Their meal completed, J’tan checked his range of movements. The injuries he suffered would slow him down, and he would have to protect the worse for fear of reopening them, but at least he was fit enough to travel.
On their journey, Samali described the horrific scenes witnessed in the Great City. The tortured howls of the women who lined the streets filled the air, as they held the dead bodies of their children to the heavens and prayed to their Gods to reap vengeance upon those who committed the vile atrocities. Jethro had stayed so he could tend to the fallen and take, as promised, the children of the mason to the house of Rishorn. He would follow when he could.
J’tan knew his father would want to stay and assist where he could, but that did not mean it removed his anxiety over his safety. With Malachi gone, Jethro was all the family he had left.
At the age of six, J’tan left for his training. For seven long years, he toiled under the brutal training regimes of Yashu, always remembering that to be accepted would make his family proud. However, his parents died before his training completed, the plagues following the droughts taking away his mother, then his father, and eventually his baby sister. At the age of thirteen, not even under the entitlements of a man, he was alone. It was a numbing feeling to know there was no one left in your life that loved you, or even anyone who thought kindly of you. He did not want to feel that way again. As they rode onward, he prayed to Horus to protect his family from whatever evils they may still encounter.
As they reached the summit of the last of the low hills before the start of the marshes, it was nearly midday. The waters were kind today. Set, the God of the underworld, was dragging the moon and the waters with him as he departed the sky, and their early progress was good. 
As they traversed the Reed Sea, they occasionally came across the remains of unfortunate animals, lost in the shifting silt. As the distance between them and the shore increased, the frequency of such sightings became worryingly frequent, until eventually, they were picking their way through a multitude of rotting corpses. 
For the next hour, they rode around the carcases of the priests of Iunu. Hundreds of men and beasts, covered in carrion flies and scavengers of every ilk, lay decomposing in the stinking sludge beneath their horses. By the time the afternoon sun was working its way into the underworld, they were drawing up the banks, the dead numbering into the thousands.
They made their way across the low plateau at the edge of the marshes and began to follow the trail of animal droppings left by the packs that served the Pharaoh’s caravan. They tracked the trail of excrement through the valleys until by nightfall on the third evening they found themselves peering over a rocky ledge, perched above Akhenaten’s encampment. Even with the deaths witnessed, his force was tens of thousands strong.
“I am not sure how these people are coping. I have not seen fresh water for two days. We have little left.” said Samali, carefully packing up their remaining rations.
“These lands are inhospitable at the best of times. There has been no water on these mounts for many seasons. The only waters that will still run will be at the twelve wells, two valleys from here. However, I do not think even the Pharaoh would be foolish enough to enter that place. Those are the lands of the tribe of Amalek.” said J’tan, his lined forehead belying his feelings. “Some say they are the sons of the Gods themselves, what the followers of Abram call the Nephilim. They are half man, half giant.”
“You really believe there are giants in these mountains?”
“I have seen them with my own eyes. When I was a young pupil, we were sent to the jewel mines that lay south of here. On our way back we could see them lining the hills, watching us.”
Samali was surprised. J’tan did not seem like the sort of man who believed in foolishness such as giants. Yet here he was, clearly afraid of what lay ahead, and convinced in the truth of his words. “Have you had chance to think about how we might get to the Ark?” she asked, changing the topic to something more helpful.
“I was hoping we would be presented an opportunity before Yashu caught back up with us. Now he is here, we stand little chance of taking them through force. We may have to steal ahead of the group and prepare an ambush on the holy mountain, at the El-Khadim temple.”
Their conversation was cut short by the sound of footfalls and shifting rubble from outside their cave. As the noises drew closer, it became possible to pick out voices.
“I know there is someone in the cave! I am old, not blind!” said a familiar voice, with irritation.
“Sorry, father.” said another.
J’tan smiled and walked out of the cave. “We are in here, father.”
“Oh!” said Jethro, pulling his stubborn horse along the unsure ground. “Thank the Gods it is you. I had maybe thought you perished in the marshes.”
“Do not concern yourself with that now. Hurry inside before you are noticed.”
Jethro was travelling with J’tan’s sister Aia, who smiled pleasantly as she continued to urge Jethro on. 
As the pair made their way into the large cave, J’tan removed their bedrolls from their mounts, offering them seats by the small fire. 
 “Come, sit with us whilst we eat, my son.” said Jethro, gesturing for J’tan to join him.
J’tan complied and took a position to the right and slightly to the rear of his father, as was tradition.
“We have travelled far this day, my son. The fire and the shelter are most welcome.”
“You have travelled quickly, father. We have been pushing hard to cover the ground ourselves.”
“Our animals were well rested and the Gods blessed us by creating a sandstorm in front of our path. We chased it across the desert. No doubt it hampered your progress?”
“We sheltered from it for a whole day perhaps.” said J’tan, looking at Samali for confirmation.
“Then you have not been slow in your progress either.”
J’tan was pleased to see his father, but worried about the timing of his arrival. If Samali’s details of the state of the Great City were accurate, surely Jethro would have stayed longer, assisted more. He needed to know exactly why they were here so soon.
“I am still unsure of Akhenaten’s purpose in these mountains, father. The only thing I can think is that his ultimate goal is to reach the temple mount at El-Khadim.” said J’tan, leading the conversation to a topic that would him allow his questions to be seen as indirect.
“He wishes to travel to the mount of the First Time?” said Jethro, his already heavily lined face creasing even further. “Then I can tell you why he is here. The tribesmen of Amalek are the last of the keepers of the First Time. They are the direct descendants of the sons of the Gods. Their priests possess two tablets of onyx, covered with the writings of the Gods. These tablets cannot fall into the hands of the fool. With them, he can finally unlock the writings on the temple walls and open the path to the Tree of Life.”
“The Tree of Life is real?” asked J’tan, always assuming the stories were fables.
“The tree is what gave our ancestors the ability to live long and fruitful lives.” said Jethro, appraising his son. He looked quizzical, as if the fact was something J’tan should already know. He sighed, stretching his shoulders, as he thought of how best to continue. “The earliest Adamma were given their lifeblood by Enlil at Ekur after the great flood. The first Adamma was almost a fifth of a sun old when he was finally taken to rest with the Gods. Being able to manipulate the tree allows its owner to live forever through the correct use of the star fire stone, which the priests of Ra still mistakenly believe is the fruit of the tree itself.”
J’tan knew this story. It was from the lands of Jethro’s origins, the mighty city of Ur. Although there were minor differences to his accounts, Jethro had once explained how all the ancient stories of the flood held the same origin. Hearing the words again, gave confirmation to what Samali told him about the stories from her lands. He hung his head. He should have listened to his father’s words a long time before now, and to Samali. He was an ignorant fool, but most worryingly of all, he could not rule out whether that ignorance may have led to the death of his son.
“What can we do? It will be impossible to get near the Pharaohs.” J’tan said, desperate for a chance at salvation.
“For now we will eat and rest.” said Jethro, as Aia began to lay out sweet breads and meat on the rocks by the fire. “Tomorrow I will make my way to see them.”
“But you will be killed on sight, surely father.”
“Akhenaten loves Miriamne above all others. If I tell him we are here at her request, it will be easy to get an audience.” said Jethro, light-heartedly. “Do not fret J’tan. I will find out as much as I can, and hopefully advise badly enough on what Akhenaten should do next to present you an opportunity to strike before he can reach the temple. I hope this will be enough.”
J’tan bowed his head low. He knew that Jethro was taking a risk by going to see Akhenaten. He also realised, as his father did, that their chances of successfully retrieving the Ark and its artefacts were diminishing fast.
As the group settled down for the night and one by one began to fall asleep, J’tan made his way outside. 
His thoughts would not let him be, as he looked out into the beautiful sky above. The Duat, the holiest place in the heavens, where the Gods themselves lived, beamed more brightly this evening than J’tan could ever remember. As he stared at its magnificence, he wondered if he would get the chance to make amends for his mistakes, and if Horus was looking down to guide his hands. But mostly, he hoped his God was holding up the end of the bargain he made with him as a young man, and was taking good care of his son.
 





Chapter 30


The group made their way down the mild gradient leading to the side of Dominus Flevit, the church’s wrought iron gate open, and the wonderfully presented grounds warm and inviting. When they reached the bottom, they stopped before a row of grilled archways set against the foundations.
The sun lit the cavern underneath the church in a warm, orange glow that radiated off the un-tooled floor. The walls and ceiling, expertly constructed from local stone, providing mooring points for a wooden frame, which attempted to provide stability. Dozens of stone boxes lined the floor, each a foot long and about half a foot wide. Some bore flat, casket style tops, while others sported lids fashioned like the roofs of houses. Beautiful carvings and etch work adorned them, and filled the space with an air of artistic beauty.
“We’ve come halfway round the planet to look at stone boxes?” asked Chris, completely unmoved by the sight.
“I’ve explained why we’re here already and it’s a lot more involved than that.” said Carl.
“Whatever.” said Chris, shaking his head. “So what do we do now?”
Leaning against a gated doorway to the subterranean cavern in a rickety chair was a lone guard wearing the garb of the Israeli police. Carl glanced from the man to Louisa and smiled. 
Louisa heaved a sigh, walking over to the man and giving him a smile, before pointing inside the room. She opened her purse, handing over a fifty Euro note, and flicking her eyelashes seductively. The guard almost fell of his seat, as he looked at the cash. He glanced about and then took a few strides away from the door. Turning to face the arches, he tapped his watch and held up five fingers. 
With no more invitation required, the group made their way into the musky smelling interior.
“Don’t touch anything you don’t have to. Call out any items you see that might be of interest.” said Carl, walking over to one of the finer examples.
“How are we supposed to know what we’re looking for?” asked Louisa, as she moved toward one of the side tunnels that fed the other chambers of the system.
“I’m going off a hunch here. These ossuaries are covered in symbols and drawings. One of them may have something on it that may be of use.”
“A hunch?” said Chris. “This is Jerusalem! You know better than to bring us to a volatile country based on a hunch.”
“Look, Dave hardly gave me a lot to go on. All I know is what you do. So, you can follow my hunch, or we can leave.”
Chris considered continuing the argument, but thought better of it. They were here now and they only had a few minutes left. If they found something, they would stay and be one step closer. If they could not find anything, they would leave. Either result was good.
“Is there anything particular you want us to look for?” said Louisa, from the far wall. 
“Just things that match what we’ve talked about.” said Carl, scanning the ossuaries near him. “Serpents, arks, crosses, maps, or even just strange symbols. Try to remember these were basic people. They simplified their symbols extensively, so don’t think your carvings are going to be exact.”
“I’ve got circles surrounded by triangles all over the ones near me.” said Justin.
“Standard sun symbol. You should have two to a side. They show birth and death; sunrise and sunset.”
“I’ve got what look like cubes with a hatch pattern on them.” said Chris.
“That’s a depiction of mausoleums. They drew them on their ossuaries if they couldn’t afford to be buried in them. It’s a transference thing.”
“I’ve got circles covered by chevrons.” said Louisa. “The symbol appears on quite a few near me.”
“The chevron is an ancient symbol for masculinity. Some people think it depicts a fish’s tail, which is why they can link these ossuaries to the early Christians. There’s also a possibility that…” Carl stopped, slowly rising from his hunched position. “Circles under chevrons?”
“Yes. If it’s a simplistic version of a fish, it’s not a very good one.” said Louisa, puzzled.
“That’s because it’s not!” said Carl, as he knelt down beside her. “Oh my.”
“What have you got?” asked Chris, stopping what he was doing and coming over.
“I’ve got us the next step.” said Carl, as he started heading out of the room. “And I was way off. I thought we were here to find out about the tablets, that the originals might lead us to the Ark. It never occurred before now, but the story is so much simpler than that. The Bible even describes making the damn copy Dave was talking about! We’re not here to locate the tablets at all. We’re here to find out about the Ark directly.”
Carl’s flights of reasoning were beginning to wear a little thin, and Chris tried to calm his temper, knowing it would not help the situation, as he caught up and grabbed his arm. “I knew we were after the Ark before we left Amsterdam. That does not explain why we are in Jerusalem.”
Carl turned, catching the confused looks of the group. He knew he was not helping anyone by not explaining his thoughts as he went. 
“As I’ve said before, the Ark of Ra was removed from Egypt by Moses and the Ark of the Covenant is the Ark of Ra.” said Carl, his words methodical, as he attempted to convey everything he was thinking. “It turns out I was wrong. The Bible describes the manufacturing steps required to make the Ark of the Covenant in detail, twice. Once when God is giving Moses the instructions on the mount in Exodus twenty-five, and again when Bazaleel actually makes the Ark in Exodus thirty-seven. The tablets were not the copy Dave described. The Ark of the Covenant made by Bazaleel in the Bible is the copy; a copy of the Ark of Ra described by Moses earlier in the story. Dave gave us the information he did, so we could get here, to track down the circle under the chevron. It’s time to stop following the copy and understand Dave’s Templar’s Dollar reference.”
“I take it we’re here to discover what the Templars found when they excavated the Temple of Solomon after the crusades.” said Justin.
“You’ve been watching too much romantic TV, kid.” said Carl.
Chris knew that the Templars had been in Jerusalem, and had read enough books to know that there were many myths around about their activities here. They certainly seemed like a decent starting point. “You’re telling us the Templars have nothing to do with this?”
Carl frowned. He did not do it often, and every time Chris had seen it, some kind of tirade at the ignorant followed.
“Let’s start by dealing with King Solomon; the supposed basis of the Templars and of Freemasonry.” said Carl, trying to stay calm. “First and foremost is the fact there is no evidence to show he ever existed. Solomon was probably a title, like all the other Old Testament names. Think about what he was. Solomon was a wise and powerful old man, related to gold and thus the sun. How would you name a man like that to make him relevant to your target audience of Romans and Egyptians? Logically, you would pick relevant things and combine them together to form and amalgam. Therefore, ancient storytellers probably took Sol, the Roman word for our sun, and Amun, the Egyptian Sun God, and got…?”
“Sol-Amun” said Justin.
“Thus, you have a wise, deified, figurehead leader, who is forever linked to the sun and thus to gold. That also deals with the Templar myth. It is true they were here in Jerusalem for many years, and it is true that once they left the Holy Land they turned away from the church. However, you should ignore the myths and look at the facts. The Knights Templar left the Holy Land so rich they setup a new business empire; banking. They lent so much money to people that entire nations got into debt. Philip the fourth of France actually owed so much to the Templars it was cheaper for him to have them rounded up and slaughtered than it was to pay them back. So, that’s exactly what he did. That’s as romantic as the Templar story gets. People sometimes wonder what the Templars found in the Holy Land that made them turn their back on the church, and that does have something to do with King Solomon; nothing.”
Chris scrunched his eyes and rubbed his forehead. Carl was making no sense at all. What did any of this have to do with the Ark? If the conversation did not provide something useful soon, he would have to ask him to be quiet. 
“The Templars didn’t find the Holy Grail, the Ark of the Covenant or even a single stone with the name Solomon on it; they found nothing. That’s what turned them against the church. They discovered the lie at the heart of their religion and went off to enjoy their lives, and their money.”
“So why did Dave say Templar’s Dollar?” asked Chris, trying to steer Carl back to something useful.
“I think Dave was being cryptic when he spoke to us.” said Carl, gesticulating as he spoke. “The Templar’s Dollar he referred to is the Dollar Bill. It’s covered in Masonic symbols.”
 “You’re talking about the All Seeing Eye, aren’t you?” said Justin.
“Yes I am.” said Carl, surprised. “On the one dollar note you’ll see a flat-topped pyramid with a triangle above it. In the triangle is an eye.”
“What does it mean?” asked Louisa.
“That’s the interesting part. I, like so many others, believed it was an image of God’s eye looking out of the heavens and watching over mankind. The triangle in which the eye sits is thought of as the Holy Trinity. If you ever visit the Vatican, you can see the symbol everywhere. It’s an extensively used piece of Christian iconography. The problem is that is not what Dave thought, or knew it meant. He used the words Templar’s Dollar. Yet again, he was leading me to see the real truth. The simplified version is the circle under the chevron.” Carl turned, heading back out of the church’s grounds. “Come on. Let’s back to the heart of the city. I know where we need to go next.”




 
Chapter 31


Akhenaten glared at the array of priests cowering in the entrance of his tent. He felt little pity for them. Their various attempts to document his great exodus from Egypt were acceptable, but only one stood out. 
A young priest named Hur’s description of Akhenaten as a mighty leader was exactly what he was looking for. Hur was a diligent scribe, who rolled up the works of his lineage into the narrative. The scribe’s ability to meld truth with heartfelt flights of fancy gave his text an appeal that would stand the test of time, the whole story flowing from the page to the reader.  
Once given the task, Hur asked Akhenaten for a title he could use to add gravitas to the story. He decided on the one given to his grandfather, Mosis. It meant ‘the living image of God’. Hur said this was an excellent choice, as it matched the name the priests of Akkad gave to one of their forefathers, King Sargon. 
Saved from a period of infanticide, the young King Sargon was set adrift by his mother in a reed basket on the mighty Euphrates, before being rescued by a handmaiden of the King and raised as his son. The title Mo-Uses was used to describe King Sargon and meant ‘to be drawn from the water’. Merging this story with his own, the start of the life of Mosis soon held a mythical quality that reflected Akhenaten’s stature as a living God. 
Akhenaten’s thoughts returned to the priests of Akkad. Seen as knowledgeable and pious, they held great sway within his ranks. Their understanding of history was unrivalled, and their ability to track the heavens was greater than anything the priests of Iunu or even the sailors of Rhacotis were able to match. He needed to wrestle their authority from them, and hopefully his latest scheme would ensure this.
 “Are you certain that you want to ready the men for an attack, my lord?” a priest asked.
“Yehoshua tells me that he needs at least another thousand men to assist his army.” said Akhenaten, his voice loaded with disgust. “I suggest you provide him with them. Or would you prefer to die of thirst?” 
“We only asked if we could share some of the royal allowance. Your caravan has enough water for a few thousand men and there are…”
“That water is mine!” screamed Akhenaten, as the men trembled. “How am I to keep myself clean for my communion with Israel if I am dirty? Do you not know Israel requires all his servants to be without stain in his presence? The lord, Israel, bade me know all those that enter within his house should be sanctified for three days. Their clothes should be washed and they should be clean of foot. He will strike down, with furious vengeance, all who oppose his word. Do you think we have enough water so we all may commune with Israel? Leave my presence and spread the word to raise an army against Amalek. We strike at midday.” 
Not knowing what else to say, the priests turned and left, not one willing to question Akhenaten again.
“They came asking for water because they are dying of thirst and you sent them away to raise an army?” said Smenkhkare, in a distasteful tone.
“Yes, my brother, I did. Hopefully, they will send their most powerful and loyal followers. It should remove most of our opposition and some of their strength.”
“You cannot be serious? You are purposefully sending these men to their deaths!”
“You forget your place.” said Akhenaten, his tolerance for his brother at an end. “We knew there would be losses along the way. We were kings of Egypt! If blood is sacrificed for me, then so be it!”
“We should not be slaughtering our flock whilst it still has so much work to do.” said Smenkhkare. “The marshes took a heavy toll. Some say we lost one in five of the goats and a few thousand good men. Please see reason, my brother. I am working hard with Hur to ensure what he writes makes some sense to the priests. It is difficult however, when you contradict what you have said before. You cannot keep telling these people they simply have not remembered things that do not exist, and never have. Eventually you will be challenged, and I may not be able to help.”
“You will assist me until your last breath, brother. No matter what is asked of you. Or you will find that I have lost my forgiving nature.” 
Akhenaten looked down at the cringing form of Smenkhkare with utter repulsion. There was once a time when he would have listened to everything he said. His brother was an able student and his knowledge of the history of his people was unmatched. However, ever since their trek began that feeling of trust had slowly dissolved. Now, his brother was nothing more than a sore, constantly requiring attention and distracting his every thought. It would be so easy to pick up a loose item from one of the small tables, feel its weight fill his palm and use it to smash his brother’s skull in, ridding himself of the squirming little man’s tiresome presence. However, he knew it was not the right time. Soon, perhaps after Smenkhkare finished his translation at the mount, the correct moment to exercise that sweet relief would present itself.
“My lords.” a man called, stepping through the entrance.
“May we assist you, priest?” said Smenkhkare.
“My lord, I bring news from the edge of camp. Your father-in-law is here. He brings word from your daughter.”
Akhenaten smiled. Jethro’s arrival offered an opportunity. Schooled by the priests of Akkad, Jethro had always been a loyal servant. If he could get him to speak to the priests, he may yet bend them to his will. 
“Have the servants raise a feast in his honour.” said Akhenaten, plotting how best to turn Jethro’s arrival to his advantage. “Tell the men to make him feel as welcome as they would I. I shall meet him in the banqueting tent.”
“Your will be done, my lord.” said the priest, backing out.
“We must find out what news Jethro brings from the Great City.” said Akhenaten, barely able to look at Smenkhkare. “Whilst I am gone, I expect you to start the process of sifting through the gold Yehoshua brought. We will need as much of it as possible when we reach the mount.”
Without waiting for response, Akhenaten began walking through the camp. His people bowed as he marched by, whispering prayers to Israel and holding still until he was out of sight. It appeared his lowly followers were not as prone to disobedience as his priests. His plan for Jethro could be exactly what was needed.
Eventually, Akhenaten reached a simple linen tent; its peak marked with fourteen stars formed into a circle, following a graceful arc. It was the residence of his scribe, Hur.
The symbol above the entrance was instantly recognisable as the one used for the great serpentine Goddess Tawaret, who legends told circled the standing spot in the night sky. To Hur, Tawaret was in fact a male deity named Targumanu, the great teacher serpent, but his ignorance mattered little. 
As Akhenaten walked beyond the tent and continued his march toward his rendezvous with Jethro, the snivelling priest shuffled out to catch up.
Hur was young and eager, and held a strong belief that to serve was to be closer to his God. It was pleasing to have a man like him around. An intelligent servant was worth hundreds of ordinary men.
They reached the large banqueting tent in short order. Arranged in long rows and surrounded by plush pillows, wooden feasting tables filled its interior. To one edge of the tent, Jethro waited with one of his daughters, an untouched girl called Aia.
“My son.” said Jethro, bowing gracefully as Akhenaten strode inside. “I trust the Gods find you comfortably disposed.”
“They do indeed, Jethro.” said Akhenaten, distracted by the vision of womanhood to his side. “I did not expect to see you here.”
“I am merely an envoy this day.” said Jethro, his lined face belying no subterfuge. “I bring news from your daughter. She says her task was completed without incident.”
“That is good news. Come, sit and eat.” Akhenaten said, taking up a seat to Jethro’s left in total deference to custom. “I hope not too much harm came by your family in the city.” 
“There were many who were unfortunate.” said Jethro, his aged skin wrinkling with his recollections. “My family however, did not suffer greatly.”
“That is a sign from Israel. It shows you are blessed amongst the people of the lands and that in his grace, all your fruits will come to harvest.” Akhenaten knew Jethro was too wise a sage to believe this statement, but Hur was not. If added correctly, comments such as these would give lustre and power to their documents, which may prove invaluable in times to come. “Tell me, Jethro, will the father of my wife do me the honour of holding council with the priests? I need a wise and respected man to explain the correct etiquette of authority to them, so I may speak unhindered.”
“I accept to do this for you, my son.” Jethro said, with a graceful tilt of his head. “I will need an enclosure setting up in the manner of court. I require four lambs, two of the female and two of the male so I can sacrifice them before the entrance. Only by passing the sanctity marked by the death of innocents can the priest’s sins be absolved and their judgement be fair.”
“I shall see this is done.” said Akhenaten, pleased his plan was coming together.
Akhenaten continued to share small talk with Jethro until just before noon. He lingered, attempting to see if there was another motive to his presence. In the end, when nothing was forthcoming, he bade his father-in-law well and walked outside.
Akhenaten strolled happily through the crowded camp, pleased he would get chance to sit in judgement of the priests who had caused him so much trouble. When he arrived back at his tent, Smenkhkare stood at the entrance, awaiting him. 
“How go the war preparations, my brother?” asked Smenkhkare, at his approach.
“We are ready.” said Akhenaten, curtly. He was still angered by his brother’s actions. He needed some way to torture him, make his brother feel the same pain he did whenever he lingered in his presence. “I need you to ask the priests to perform a duty, as a sign of the men’s obedience.”
“What is your will, my brother?” asked Smenkhkare, no doubt curious about the request.
“All men within the camp should undertake the ritual of circumcision, if they have not done so already. No matter their age.” said Akhenaten, looking into the distance.
“But the practise should only be carried out on the young! You know the risks of doing this at a later age are…”
Akhenaten cut Smenkhkare’s reply short, grabbing his shoulder and pulling him close. “Do not make me ask you again, brother. This we do to test the men’s commitment. Do not test mine!” 
Smenkhkare skulked from the tent to do as asked, Akhenaten straining to hold back his laughter until his brother was out of earshot. Getting the men to undergo this ritual was a wicked thing to do, but the scheme had two great advantages. Firstly, it would seem as though the decree came from Smenkhkare and that would weaken his position, and secondly, all who refused would show their disloyalty by their inaction. It was perfect. There was not a single drawback.
Content with his decisions, Akhenaten returned his focus to the organising of his army. 
Crossing to the top row of tents, he stared down at the gathering masses of men and beasts forming below. 
The ranks of warriors were at least ten thousand strong. Yehoshua was at the front with his cavalrymen, his ceremonial sword held high above his head.
Akhenaten liked Yehoshua’s flair for the dramatic. He was a skilled warrior and diplomat, and his devotion was second to none. When this day was done, he would ensure Hur made him a central figure in their story.
With a last flourish of his blade, Yehoshua led the vast army toward the hills surrounding their encampment. The baying multitude chanted prayers to Israel to protect them, as they followed the horsemen into battle.
Through the noise of the departing army, Akhenaten did not notice Smenkhkare arrive at his side. He scowled, his moment ruined.
“Is the staff ready?” Akhenaten asked, uninterested in conversing about anything else.
“It is, my brother.” said Smenkhkare, bowing.
“Then bring it.” said Akhenaten, moving to leave. “We shall make our way to the hillside overlooking the valley. The might of Israel is within the staff. We will use it to help Yehoshua win this day and Hur will join us to document our great victory.”
The ride to the edge of the valley of the Amalekites did not take long. A small trail wound up the side of a hill to the edge of their vast army. Ahead, almost out of range through the midday haze, he could see the forming might of their opponents. 
Each of the Amalekites was half as big again as his fiercest warriors. Over their shoulders and legs they wore spiked scales akin to carapaces; black, chitin-like armour that glistened in the rays of the sun. In their hands, they carried a multitude of exotic armaments. Some wielded hideously spiked clubs, whilst others bore gnarled shafts of wood, coated by barbs of metal. 
No matter how many times Akhenaten scanned their opponent’s lines he could not see a moment of doubt or fear on any of their hulking faces. The only thing that stood in their favour was that they outnumbered their opponents at least ten to one.
Yehoshua looked down the line of cavalry at his disposal and nodded to his lieutenants. Slowly, the rank of horses began to split in two, leaving a sizeable hole in the centre of their army. Behind them, the men rallied by the priests readied their assault. 
As soon as the horses were far enough apart, a shrill cheer of Israel echoed round the valley and the priests charged.
Akhenaten watched in awe as the battle began. From his position, he could see the mighty Amalekites tear swathes through the priests’ force. Fully-grown men, hit by the mighty weapons of their towering opponents, flew from the collision point like child’s playthings. 
The Amalekites wasted no time in dispatching the priests, suffering not a single loss of their own. As soon as the last of the priests fell, they made their charge. 
The wave of armoured hell slammed into Akhenaten’s remaining forces with such force that the front two rows simply crumpled under the weight of the impact. The Amalekites did not even pause for breath, as they strode over the fallen in their path, crushing bones as they went. They moved swiftly, laying into his army’s very heart, cries of fear and panic spreading as they advanced.
 As Akhenaten watched, he caught sight of his cavalry on the slopes, turned and pointed back toward the battle. Yehoshua waved his sword, the gleaming metal of its blade flashing in the midday sun. In response to this signal, he moved to stand on the largest boulder he could find and levelled his staff directly at one of the Amalekites. 
As Akhenaten focused his concentration on the distant opponent, everything else in his field of vision faded. He reached out with his mind, willing the staff to comply with his wishes, as a cool chill began to run up his spine. 
The air around the staff crackled, a crimson bolt of lightning shooting outward. The brilliant shard streaked across the sky, connecting with the Amalekite head on. The huge man let out a howl that would have scared Set himself, as the vicious light engulfed him. A moment later, his entire form burst into flames. With a brilliant flash he was gone, a tower of smoke rising where he once stood.
Yehoshua’s men knew what to do next. They charged into the fray, their horses thundering down the slope and crashing into the flanks of the distracted Amalekite army from both sides.
Once it began, the end came swiftly. Yehoshua’s men took no pity on their foes. Surrounded and in disarray, the Amelakites fought valiantly, but with futility. Every time it looked as though some small pocket would restore their grip on the battle, Akhenaten would level off another blast from the staff and take away any hope.
Each time it was used, Akhenaten could feel the staff clawing at his very being. Soon, he could feel the skin on his face become drawn, his mouth drying, and his breath faltering. In the end, Smenkhkare and Hur needed to hold his arms aloft so he could continue to wield it.
As the sun ducked below the tops of the mountains, the battle ended. Akhenaten watched, as half of Yehoshua’s remaining force spread out into the mountains. The groups of a hundred or so men fanning out to look for the hiding place of the tablets, whilst the remainder began the process of pillaging the dead. 
The looters held no respect for anything on the valley floor. Whether it be to rip teeth from their fallen foes, or to cut fingers from their own comrades to acquire their rings, the barbarism of man displayed was unsettling. 
Not wanting to linger, Akhenaten asked Hur to assist him back to camp. His bones hurt and his chest heaved for breath. There was no doubt, using the artefacts took a heavy toll.
Akhenaten went straight to his bed to sleep, but his rest was stifled and uneasy. It was almost a relief to his tortured attempts that shortly after nightfall, Hur and Yehoshua barged through the entrance, a pair of purple stones in their hands. 
Jumping from his bed, Akhenaten scrambled over and snatched a stone from Hur’s grasp. It radiated from within with a bright blue glow, which twinkled through its semi-transparent surface. On each side, lines connected stars. Next to the patterns, a strange, flowing text ran in lengths. He flipped the stone over a few times taking in the way the moonlight seemed to roll off its surface. 
“It is the twelve, my brother. The text matches the inscription on the Ark.” said Smenkhkare.
“Excellent.” said Akhenaten, his eyes wide. “We shall break camp after the court of judgements is complete and make our way to the temple. Our destiny is finally within reach.”






Chapter 32


The ferocious Israeli sun beat down on Justin’s neck and made it itch. When he was younger, his friends made fun of him for his pale skin, giving him nicknames like albino and vampire. Even his mother constantly berated him regarding his unwillingness to go outside during the day. However, every time he ventured beyond the shade of his room, his bleached skin reddened up like a lobster and then blistered. He knew the itch on the back of his neck indicated a conflagration of viscous liquids headed there now. He prayed they would find shelter soon.
Carl walked at the front of the group, picking his way through the narrow streets as he headed further in to the city centre. After ten minutes, he found an isolated coffee shop on the outskirts of a busy bazaar and selected an empty table. 
“So, the chevron on the symbol from the ossuary was a pyramid?” asked Louisa, fanning herself with her hand.
“Correct, and the circle is a representation of the Eye of Horus. Realising that actually ties up something that has always bothered me. The Sphinx has a stele between in paws; a stone tablet with writing on it. The writings speak of Akhenaten’s grandfather, Tuthmosis the fourth. The story recounts how the young prince was travelling through the desert when he came across the head of the Sphinx exposed from the sands. The Sphinx speaks, telling Tuthmosis that if he rescued it, he would become king. So, Tuthmosis organises an excavation of the Sphinx, and promptly gets his wish.”
“What bothers you about that?” asked Justin. “It’s obviously just invented; another myth.”
“We know there were extensive works undertaken at Giza by Tuthmosis. We know his artisans were probably there for years, living in and around the old worker village of Khufu, and that is whom I have the problem with. By the time Tuthmosis turns up, it’s a more than a thousand years after the pyramids have been built. However, he comes along long after the site has been supposedly ransacked and writes a stele that names Khufu as the constructor.”
“So? We know from archaeology that Khufu built the great pyramid at Giza.” said Louisa.
“But how did he know that Khufu is the builder of the pyramid?”
Justin shook his head. That was a strange question. There were numerous reasons to know for sure Khufu built the Great Pyramid at Giza. “The worker’s village sat to the side of the pyramid complex mentions him by name, repeatedly.” he said, trying the most obvious one.
“The worker village is a good place to start.” said Carl, his jovial tone suggesting that it was incorrect. “Carbon dating on the deposits found there shows that it was undisturbed until we dug it up in the nineteenth century. Therefore, that cannot be where Tuthmosis got his information from, as he never excavated it to see it.”
One down, thought Justin, trying to recall any others. He enjoyed the way Carl made people think as he spoke. Challenging the listener to fill in the blanks for themselves and not just take his word for what he said. “The Sphinx temple had statues of Khufu in niches by its walls. He probably saw those.” he said, remembering a Discovery documentary on the temple complex.
“Again, Tuthmosis would have known statues were movable objects. He wouldn’t have linked a statue with a name on it to a site’s builder. That’s like saying Leonardo Da Vinci built the Louvre because his signature is on one of the paintings there.”
Justin had to concede that was a good point. Not only did it take away another reason, it probably invalidated most of the documentary he watched. There had to be something else. Modern archaeologists were sure Khufu built the Great Pyramid. He was certain there was irrefutable proof somewhere. “The graffiti left by the original workers on an internal sealed chamber!” he said, excitedly remembering the clinching piece of information. “That’s your proof.”
“You’re right!” said Carl, in a congratulatory manner. “The Great Pyramid has a series of chambers inside it. Above the largest, the King’s Chamber, a series of relieving spaces were constructed to prevent the weight of the stones above it crushing the room. In the top one of these relieving spaces there is some graffiti partially obscured behind an immovable plinth, which has the name of a work-gang on it and the cartouche of Khufu.”
“So, why do you have a problem with him being the builder if you know that’s true?” asked Chris.
Justin could tell the continued discussions were boring the hell out of Chris. He was a man who wanted facts, direct and honest. He was used to specific information, delivered succinctly, with no preamble of waffle. It meant Carl’s thought-leading style was probably torture.
“OK, so what did you find out about the trees from the Garden of Eden?” said Carl, trying to force the group to a further revelation. “Think about what we talked about, the symbol on the Dollar Bill, and then think about the evidence for Khufu being the builder of the Great Pyramid. Try to imagine about how you would go about getting into the pyramids if you lived around four thousand years ago.”
Justin thought back to documentaries he had seen about the pyramid builders. Men in skirts, walking up and down sand ramps, carrying buckets, or leading horses pulling sleds weighed down by massive blocks. However, Carl wanted to know how you would get into one after they were finished.
Justin knew the outside of the Great Pyramid was once covered in a casing layer of polished limestone, obscuring the locations of all of the entrances. Therefore, they would not know where to even start trying to get in, let alone how. In addition, he knew from history that when Europeans first tried to find a way inside the structure, they had to use dynamite to blast through the stone. Ancient people would have no such advantages. On top of that, why did Westerners not just use the entrance the robbers created? Why did they have to use dynamite at all?
Justin closed his eyes, as his brain continued to try to find an answer to the puzzle. However, he could not think of one. How did they get into the pyramid? What did the pyramid builders have to do with the Tree of Life or the Tree of Knowledge from the Bible? Moreover, how did any of that relate to the All Seeing Eye on the dollar bill? With nothing coming to mind, he shook his head.
“With only brute force at your disposal, the only way to get inside a pyramid is to do what Egyptologists suggest was done to build one, just in reverse. They constructed a ramp up the side and took it apart from the top down. That’s how Tuthmosis got to see the graffiti there! Because Tuthmosis did not just free the Sphinx, he excavated the pyramid itself! Without doing that, he would have absolutely no reason to believe Khufu was the builder. The symbol on the dollar bill is simply telling you what Tuthmosis did; he took the top off the Great Pyramid and found knowledge.”
“But I thought the Pyramids were a necropolis.” said Louisa.
“Herodotus, who we have talked about earlier, wrote that Khufu never used the great pyramid as a tomb, but was in fact buried elsewhere. In one of his journals, he says Khufu’s body lies in a subterranean region on an island surrounded by the waters of the Nile. Diodorus Siculus, a famous Roman historian, also comments that Khufu was interred in an obscure place. As far as modern history is concerned, the first people to enter the Great Pyramid were Arabs in the ninth century. Led by Caliph Al Mamoun, the Arabs broke inside by boring into the limestone. After months, they reached a descending passageway. However, they found that he only entrance to the supposed burial chambers was blocked with an enormous granite slab. With no other way in, they had to dig round this too. After a year of effort, they finally reached both the King’s and Queen’s chamber’s, only to find them both completely empty. No coffins, no mummies, no gold, no baskets; nothing. Think about it, Khufu’s body was supposedly in the King’s Chamber, but tomb robbers came along and stole everything long before the Arabs arrived. Therefore, when they turned up all they found was an empty room and a cracked sarcophagus. Nothing has ever been so stupid as to believe that story as being truth. Did the robbers clean up after themselves for some reason? Did they waste their time removing all the smashed pots and rotted fruit husks that should have been stacked from floor to ceiling? Grave robbers never waste their time doing stuff like that. Then again, how did they get round the granite slab that stopped the Arabs? The only answer I have is that when we turned up it was already empty because it was never a tomb. That chamber’s sole purpose was to hold the Ark. It’s our lost race’s Pioneer spacecraft. The Great Pyramid’s construction is encoded with astrological markers so future people could find out who built it and when. Placed on the Giza plateau to stand the test of time, it was located in the heart of the Verdant Crescent to show where they lived. They probably left the Ark of Ra because they didn’t want it to be lost to the deluge.”
“And our chevron and circle symbol?” asked Louisa.
“That’s where religion takes over. Sometime in the past, we decoded the knowledge they left behind, but were too stupid to realise what it actually meant. The circle under the chevron marks people out as continuing a sad tradition of thinking the Ark was a gift from God and not the remnants of an extinct civilisation.”
“Now we all know the history of absolutely everything ever,” said Chris, sarcastically, “are you likely to get to the part where you tell us what we’re supposed to be doing next?”
Carl laughed, apologising for taking so long to get to the point. “If Moses did make a copy of the Ark then there’s one group of people from history who might have recorded, or found out, where the original went, as the Bible follows the path of the copy. That is probably why after Moses dies, the Ark seems to lose all its power and slowly disappears from the story. Maybe, at some point even the Bible writers knew they were carrying around a dud. Therefore, to get the answers we need, I require some help. Do you have any contacts in the city Chris?”
“I do, but getting in touch with them could have consequences. We could be on their radar.” said Chris, apprehensive about the request.
“We’re not going to get anywhere near where we need to be unless we get assistance. We need a blackout and a localised evac. Where we’re headed is one of the hottest spots in the city. It’s remotely monitored and guarded at all times. Even though most of the world believes it’s not even a monument.”
Chris leant back in his seat and nodded, as Carl handed him a SIM and explained what needed to happen. 
After a lengthy conversation, Chris’ mood changed. It appeared he was happy to finally be getting somewhere. “We’re on. Our contact is a man called Paul. We should get to the district as soon as we can.”
Carl left twenty dollars for their tab, before walking to the edge of the bazaar. A few minutes later, after speaking with one of the shop owners, a silver taxi arrived.
The car was nowhere near the same standard as the one they hired at the airport. It was still a Mercedes, but a nineteen seventies, rusted version of one.
Justin wriggled uncomfortably on the back seat. The coverings were stained a brown colour that needed no explanation of origin, and most of the springs were gone. To his side, Louisa looked disgusted that she was being forced to travel in such a wreck.
At the end of their journey, Louisa darted from the car and began to dust herself down, Carl paying the driver and making his way to the curb.
The district they found themselves in was relatively modern. A bank of apartments stood on both sides of the road. They were simply constructed and painted white, but were a nice contrast to the overpowering sandstone from the centre of the old city. 
As Justin stood and baked in the harsh afternoon sun once more, a man ambled toward them. 
In his early thirties, the man sported long, dark, braided strips of hair, which fell down the sides of his head. Wearing the modern, wide-trimmed hat of an orthodox Jew, his face was pleasant and his movements were neither aggressive nor agitated. He walked slowly, head held high as he approached Chris.
“Mister Martin.” the man said, his vocalisations slurred in the manner of Hassidic Jews. “It is a pleasure to have you here. Do you wish to accompany me to my friend’s house, where we can discuss your requirements?”
Chris shook the man’s hand and motioned for everyone to follow, as he led them down the street and into one of the apartment complexes. 
Justin was relieved to find the apartment block air-conditioned. A cool draught wisped around his neck and removed the stinging pain settled there. All he needed now was a beer and this place would be perfect.
Following the man, they arrived at an unmarked, ground floor apartment, where he made a series of timed knocks before removing a key from his pocket, unlocking the door, and ushering them inside.
The interior was stark. A single, moth-eaten couch, which looked like it was reclaimed form a tip sat in front of a wooden television with a dial on it to change channel. In the corner, a lone table, loaded down with what looked like radio equipment, leant against the wall. The only piece of modern technology in the entire room was a laptop, rested on the thighs of a man in jeans. When they entered the room, the man turned and cracked out into a smile.
“Afternoon Paul.” said Chris, smiling back. “Looks like a step up in comfort from Baghdad.”
“Colonel!” said Paul, putting the laptop down and stepping over to shake his hand. “I thought you’d given up the wild life? Last I heard you had a cushy desk job.” 
Paul was probably a few years younger than Chris, but his tired complexion made him look older. A deep scar traced his face, and he wore a peaked baseball cap to cover where it continued across his skull.
“As I said Paul, I’ve been reactivated for a one-off mission. It’s a big one too.”
“Must be. No intel sent through, no paperwork on operatives. It’s got to be one hell of a high priority job. We haven’t seen a black op in Israel since I’ve been here. I’m happy for the excitement, if I’m honest. You always did get the good ones, colonel!”
“While you prep, can my team use your bathroom to get freshened up? It’s been a hell of a few days.” said Chris, turning knowingly to Louisa.
“Yeah sure, colonel. I’ll get on with setting this thing up. It’s good to see you again.”
By the time the sun was creeping down behind the blocks of apartments, the group were congregated in the living room, refreshed and waiting for the off.
“I’m just about set here.” said Paul, his finger hovering over the enter key on his laptop. “Ishmael will walk you down to your target. He has a small explosive charge on him, which should allow you entrance. He will monitor the street so he can give you a heads up on your remaining time, but if you work to twenty minutes before any response turns up, you shouldn’t be far off. Good luck, colonel.”
“Cheers Paul.” said Chris, shaking the man by his hand.
“Follow me, please.” said Ishmael, as he walked briskly out of the apartment. 
The white walls of the buildings around them were bathed crimson by the late evening sun. When they reached the road, Ishmael crossed it and took them down a path that meandered between two apartment blocks. He checked his watch as he walked; slowing his pace slightly as he began to measure precisely the position he should be at a given moment. Almost on cue, the lights in the garden around them and those in the buildings surrounding their walkway went dark. 
They continued until they reached a small opening, made on the convergence of three paths. To their left was a raised dais of concrete, surrounded by a metal fence. Around the plinth, four cameras pointed to its surface. 
Ishmael took a small drill from his pocket, as a siren burst into life and echoed screams drifted from the buildings. “Your twenty minutes have begun.” he said, as he jumped atop the slab and quickly drilled four neat channels. He dropped white sticks into the holes, tied together by wires. “If we could all take a few steps back, please.” Once everyone moved, he took a box from his pocket and pressed its singular button. The explosion was not loud, sounding like a car backfire, a jet of white dust rising from the surface. He took a mini-maglite from his pocket, twisted it on, and handed it to Chris, before turning and walking back to the road to act as lookout.
Chris took the torch and shone it through the three-foot wide hole. Through the dust still lingering in the air, it was clear to see a red, sandstone bluff to the back of the opening. Cut into its surface, a rectangular opening sat below a five-foot wide chevron and circle.
“Oh my God!” said Louisa. “Who’s tomb is this?”
“That’s probably where opinions differ around here Louisa.” said Carl, as he began to crawl inside. “But for some people this is the first century AD tomb of a man known as Jesus Christ.”
 





Chapter 33


J’tan fought his way up the mountain of Serabit El-Khadim. He could not use the path that wound up to the plateau he needed to reach for fear of being spotted, and his legs were weary from fighting the loose surface of his chosen route.
 J’tan was surprised to find the temple of Hawt-Hor, which sat on the edge of the plateau, in much better repair than he would have imagined for such a remote place. Two massive stone columns stood at its entrance, linked to an encasing wall. Behind them, a paved plaza led to the temple complex. The walkway leading to its heart, covered into darkness by colossal slabs of stone perched on twelve immense pillars. To either side of the entrance, granite statues of the Goddess stood proudly in the sun. One was Hawt-Hor in her human form, her majestic horns gripping a sun disk to her feathered head. In her left hand, she carried an ankh and on her brow, she wore an ureaus. The other was Hawt-Hor in her animal form, depicted as the great mother cow. 
J’tan found a suitable spot to remain concealed, and waited. He could only hope Akhenaten would follow the advice given by Jethro.
Jethro returned to their cave the previous night, weary from his exertions. He told them how Akhenaten subdued the tribe of Amalek and recovered the onyx tablets they guarded. He explained that the tablets contained the information of the original tribe of the First Time, the details of the twelve. He spent the evening showing the group where the twelve now resided in the sky, and how it was possible to track their movements. In order to provide J’tan the opportunity needed, he tried to convince Akhenaten to go up the mount on his own. As he delivered his court, he repeatedly mentioned the true God only placed his blessings upon those who stood by themselves; those untainted by the failings of others. He later found out, from his allies within the priestly ranks, Akhenaten was only going to allow the elders to see the temple, and only from the outside. It would be he, Smenkhkare, and Smenkhkare’s four sons who would be performing the rituals inside the temple.
They spent the evening planning their strategy. Not wanting to pin their hopes on any one idea, they decided that a three-pronged approach would be best. Firstly, J’tan would go to the temple to wait for the Pharaohs, and attempt to retrieve the Ark. Secondly, whilst the Pharaohs were out of camp Samali would try to dissuade the priests from following Akhenaten. If she could succeed, they might start a revolt that would remove his power. Lastly, Jethro and his family would return to the Great City to find out if Miriamne could still be trusted. If she could, she would be brought to meet Akhenaten and attempt to dissuade him from the path he seemed bent upon. 
J’tan hugged his father and bade farewell to his family the next morning. The tear visible in Jethro’s eye bore the knowledge that this may be the last time they saw one another in this life, and he fought down his urge to set his emotions free. His father needed to know his son would be strong.
That evening, J’tan and Samali found shelter on the mount. There, by the dying embers of their fire, they spent the night together. It was not as many of his other encounters of that nature, forced and aggressive, the women given to him as prizes. It was gentle and caring; a shared experience that occurred because of an impulse to connect, rather than procreate. It was a fleeting moment of happiness born of respect and admiration, as much as desire. It left him unable to sleep. He cradled her in his arms, consumed within the fullness of her beauty, as she lay naked, warm, and vulnerable at his side. He stroked her hair, as he gazed out toward the heavens, his only instincts to protect and comfort.
They shared a kiss in the morning. It lingered, both of them unsure if it would be their last contact. He held the soft skin of her face and felt the warmth of her cheek as he paused, savouring one last glimpse into her enthralling eyes, before he made off for the temple. 
J’tan pushed the thoughts away. Whatever their future now held, it must take its place, second in line, behind what he needed to do. 
The first group to arrive was led by Yashu and eleven other guards. With him were Smenkhkare and his four sons, who carried the Ark to the entrance of the temple and placed it just within, hidden in shadow. 
Akhenaten and his entourage arrived shortly after, four score in number. The men with him milling furtively in front of the grand entrance as Akhenaten twisted, holding his arms high to silence their chatter.
“We have sacrificed to our lord Israel this morning in the manner handed down by Jethro.” Akhenaten said, ensuring that all the men were listening to his proclamation. “We have cleansed to make ourselves pure in his presence, and we now ask he comes down through the temple of the twelve to show us his might and his glory!”
As if called from the heavens, a monstrous groan issued from inside the temple, resonating off the sides of the structure. A light, more powerful than the midday sun, burst forth and lit the air, precipitating gasps of wonder. Most of the priests fell to their knees, rocking and praying to their God, afraid that looking upon the dazzling spectacle meant death. Others stood in awestruck silence, humbled by the unearthly manifestation before them.
“These are the words you have commanded me, oh lord.” said Akhenaten, bellowing above the groan. “Israel tells me to go into the temple. There he will give me tablets of stone; commandments which he himself has written, so I might teach my followers!”
As quickly as it began, it ended. The light faded and the cacophonous sounds receded.
J’tan could see the disgust pouring from Akhenaten as he strode forward, satisfied his show of power produced the required effect.
“My brother will assist me in preparing for my commune with Israel.” Akhenaten said, curtly. “You may all now leave my presence.”
The men stood and bowed to Akhenaten, before setting off back down the hill. They chatted loudly and were obviously in high spirits after their experience.
“That was an impressive show, my brother. Your skill with the Ark is growing.” said Akhenaten, as Smenkhkare stepped out of the shadows. “Are you and your sons ready for our next task? And Bazaleel is capable of producing an exact representation of the Ark?”
“We are ready, brother.” said Smenkhkare, bowing. “You should not worry about the artisan. Bazaleel’s people say he is the finest worker of gold that has ever lived. They believe he has been given his gift by the Gods themselves, for a great purpose.”
“Then we shall put this gift to the test.” said Akhenaten, with a wicked smile. “Ensure Hur commits his works for eternity in writing. We can then use our copy’s power and upkeep for barter with those loathsome maggots.”
“As you wish, my brother.” 
Smenkhkare motioned for the guards to move into the temple, as he and Akhenaten followed behind.
As they disappeared into the darkness, J’tan broke cover. He crept toward the temple and peered down the pillared walkway. It towered above him, and as his sight adjusted, he could see it was decorated in brilliant colours and fine carvings. Each pillar was painted yellow, its writing picked out in bright, vivid red. The massive lintels, stretching over the gap between the pillars to form the roof, were dark blue, with delicate representations of stars etched into them in white. It was an incredible feat of artistry, which held him in silent appreciation.
Snapping his attentions back to his mission, J’tan made his way from pillar to pillar, as he dodged his way toward the far end of the causeway. On the far side, a polished courtyard of stone was surrounded by numerate temples, each in various states of repair. Darting to keep up, he moved through a simple offering chamber to one side of the complex. It linked to an arced walkway, which wound its way toward a sheer rock face. As he turned the corner and faced the mountain, he could see another arch cut into the hillside, and along the edges of the walkway a series of granite stele stood in niches. Although the surfaces of the stele could not be seen from his current position, it was clear they were the focus of the group’s attention. 
With the guards still present, there was little for J’tan to do. He found a suitable location to keep an eye on his locale, shaded from view by the overhang of a temple to his rear and hunkered down. Content that his choice offered the possibility for him to maintain a view of the entire area he sipped at his water and waited for his moment to arrive.
As the afternoon passed, J’tan found himself fascinated by what Smenkhkare and his four sons were doing. In Smenkhkare’s grasp, a pair of strange, purple stones shimmered with an unholy, blue glow. Their surfaces were uncommonly smooth, and the midday sun seemed to float above them, casting a haze across anyone stood near. 
By night, the stones took on a life of their own. They pulsed from within and lit the side of the mountain in a shimmering mist of sapphire hues. Within the swirl, J’tan could make out shapes. Dots joined by lines, which wavered in and out of focus. He knew the shapes. They were the marks Jethro recently called the twelve. As he watched, Akhenaten came out and joined his brother. They stood in silence, both men transfixed by the display. Behind them, in the room in the mountain, he could see the Ark, its golden surface shimmering in the warming glow of a fire. Around it stood six men, whilst another six lay asleep. He cursed his misfortune. There was no way he could make an attempt for it tonight. 
Frustrated, he moved as far from view as he could, determining that rest would have to be his advantage, and soon drifted off into a light sleep.
J’tan awoke to the sounds of movement. It was early morning. The first sprigs of sunlight were barely creeping over the low encompassing wall of the complex. His position was still in full shade and there was little chance someone even only a few strides away would be able to discover him. He looked to the direction of the sounds and could see a group of women laying out baskets of food and jars of water in the simple offering room to his side. 
The smell of heavily spiced lamb drifted on the breeze and made his stomach growl. If he could get to the room without being seen, he could retrieve enough food and water to last as long as it took for Yashu and his guards to make a mistake. 
Once the women left, J’tan darted from his position into the offering room. On the table were baskets of fruits, breads, and sweet meats, enough for forty men. Underneath the table were jars filled with water and wine. 
J’tan ran over to the table and stopped in his tracks. There, heaped atop a fire, were the slowly burning corpses of two, un-skinned lambs. Their throats cut, the last of their life’s essence frothing from the wounds and spitting on the burning logs. He turned his view away from the macabre scene, but only found more. The lamb’s blood was everywhere. The surface of the table was drenched in it. It pooled in globules and drooled off its edges in strings. He turned and looked behind him, his eyes tracing the foul substance to the exit. He ran to the table, picked up a bowl of sweet meats, one of fruit, two of bread, slung a jar of water under his arm, and vacated the room as soon as he could. 
J’tan breathed hard as he arrived back at his hiding place. He heard tell of the practice of the burnt offering, but seeing the custom up close turned his stomach. No matter how respected foreign priests were, he suddenly felt relieved to be part of a civilised culture.
It did not take long for the men to make their way to the offering room for food. Akhenaten and Smenkhkare came first, accompanied by six guards. Only when those men returned, did Smenkhkare’s retinue go to the room, accompanied by the other six. 
Yashu was organising his people well. All J’tan could do was hope tiredness and lack of ability came over his attending guards, as neither seemed likely to plague his ex-master.
It was midmorning before there was further activity. Eight men came carrying a heavy object, covered by an impressively fine, multi-coloured cloth. They strained under its massive weight, as they took it to the chamber. Akhenaten smiled at its arrival and removed its vibrantly coloured covering to reveal a sarcophagus. 
J’tan could tell that the sarcophagus did not belong to a Pharaoh. He strained to read the inscriptions on it, eventually making out a name. It belonged to a man named Simut, whom he knew was chief vizier and architect to Akhenaten’s father.
The Akkadian priests held a belief that Simut, whom they called Yosef, was a minister and prophet of their God. He was still a powerful man during the reign of Akhenaten, and was responsible for organising the grain stores that kept the population alive during the droughts. 
However, J’tan knew Simut was a brutal man. He forced the peoples of the south to give up their lands and their freedom in trade for their own grain, Akhenaten’s new city built on the ruins of their homesteads. 
Akhenaten flung the beautifully carved lid of the sarcophagus open with complete disregard for its contents and reached inside. To J’tan’s surprise, what he removed was not a body, but a handful of golden jewellery. 
Over the course of the afternoon, the men returned repeatedly, each time carrying another object filled with golden trinkets. Smenkhkare worked inside the chamber all the while, taking slithers of each item, and holding it over a flame. If they burned, he placed the piece on a pile in the room. If they did not, he tossed them to one of his sons to take back outside. By late afternoon, there was a pile of gold in the room by the side of the Ark the height of a man. 
Once their work was complete, Akhenaten accepted the writings Smenkhkare made whilst scrutinising the stele, and bade his brother well as he set off toward the camp. As soon as Smenkhkare was out of sight, Yashu and his guards were hurried out of the chamber and the brightly coloured cloth from Simut’s sarcophagus hung over the entrance. 
Within moments, the entire area began shaking, the rocks around the chamber glowing brilliant yellow and lighting up the night sky. A tumultuous roar resonated out of the heavens with each new pulse and a thick fog began to seep from the gaps around the cloth. 
J’tan reeled into his hidden corner, curling into a ball to gain a measure of respite. His brain swam with light and sound, and he began to feel nauseous. He wrapped an arm round his head, his eyelids incapable of resisting the brilliance on their own. However, the booming throb was impossible to avoid. It seemed to penetrate his bones, rattling his teeth and forcing his heart to flutter as it tried to work against its onslaught.  He could hear rocks, dislodged by the brutal noise, cracking and tumbling to the ground all around. Fearful for his life, he pushed himself as far into his hidden corner as he could, facing the dense rock, and praying to Horus to save him.
By the first rays of the new morning’s light, he was beaten down by the exquisite torture endured; his mind finding no reprieve when the shaking finally ceased. 
J’tan groggily raised himself once he was sure it was over, and scanned his environs. The area was in ruin. The walls that lined the path were shattered and bits of masonry littered the floor, the steles lying pulverised on the heavily cracked walkway. The once beautiful cloth that covered the entranceway scorched to rags, large holes visible along its length, its once majestic colours lost forever.
Akhenaten exited the chamber to the shocked awe of his guards. He was wearing a strange breastplate, delicately crafted into a heavy, woven tunic. A bizarre metallic belt wrapped around his waist, the entire ensemble blackened and dented.  However, what scared J’tan the most was Akhenaten’s pallor. His skin glowed with the brilliance of the sun; shining out from behind the garments and making the guards cower.
“My lord, Akhenaten!” a man shouted, as he approached. “You have to come quickly!”
Akhenaten turned to the voice, his face shooting a beam of golden light toward the man, who instantly fell to his knees.
“My lord!”
“Yes, my child.” said Akhenaten, his voice booming.
“There is trouble in the camp, my lord. Some of the people have turned against Israel. A fight has broken out amongst your people.”
“What!” said Akhenaten, his voice so powerful that stones, loosened by the events of the previous evening, tumbled from their precarious positions, clattering to the floor. “And what have my brother and the priests done about this?”
“They can do nothing, my lord.” the man said, his voice now trembling with fear. “The fight consumes the entire camp. We are at war with ourselves!”
“Yehoshua, fill the casket with the remains of the stele.” said Akhenaten, as he began to stride off. “I and Michaenas will return to the camp and correct my brother’s failure. Bring the remains and the Ark to me there. Do not fail me as well.”
J’tan waited for Yashu and his men to begin the tasks assigned, before he snuck out from his hiding place and began his trek down the mount. 
Yashu’s diligence may have put paid to his chances of success in retrieving the Ark, but it appeared Samali’s mission was a success. He could only hope he was not too late to assist.
 





Chapter 34


The driver tapped the steering wheel absently, musing over the clue to a crossword puzzle, the rhythmic noise helping to regulate the racing heart of the passenger. 
A call received from an operative within Shin Bet, the Israeli Internal Security Ministry had pinpointed the location of the American national known as Carl Walters. A presumed alias, associated to his Interpol data card, was flagged in Ben Gurion airport that morning. Two strike teams were hastily assembled for an insurgency into the Talpyiot district of the city. Warnings were circulated to their contacts within Mossad and their CIA counterparts in Israel to stand down from activities in the area that evening, but the responses were not favourable.
If the security agencies could not be persuaded to turn a blind eye, it would make their job harder. It was already determined the secret services of seven European countries were within five hundred meters of their intended target. Without a complete shutdown of the local intelligence chatter, their potential involvement could not be predicted. 
What infuriated the passenger most was that Talpyiot was important, but not for the reasons the people who guarded it so closely thought. This entire country was built on a myth, one that even the passengers supposed superiors held lingering beliefs toward.
The Ark was close. At some point, there would be a reckoning. Thousands of years of hopes and dreams would cascade down to a single beat of time. Ensuring the correct moment was picked to be present for that singularity was vital. The items would be there, either captured to be brought along in person, or transported by those who carried them now. A fog, one on which the works of centuries drifted was beginning to clear. The decisions made before would soon be validated, and the carefully woven tapestry of a life’s work would finally be given back to the light. 
An eager ambivalence descended through the layers of thought; joy, pain, recollection, and doubt enrapturing the cognitive response and dissolving the last remnants of a previous existence.
 





Chapter 35


Justin stooped in the dark confines of the tomb. The heady scent of old paper filled his nostrils and a languid chill foisted deep within his bones.
The tomb should have been spacious, but the floor was littered with rolled up parchments. The paper tubes were so numerous they created a carpet three feet deep. The walls were bare and the chamber looked like it was hewn from the hillside. It was no more than twenty feet square and the four of them filled what little space remained almost completely.
In his years of discussions online, Justin listened to many people talk about certain locales holding what they described as an aura, the places transferring a sensation of otherworldliness that could not be explained by science. He always dismissed the claims as foolish nonsense, more likely driven by fear and tricks of the mind than by anything tangible. However, bent over in the dark with the echoed breathing of his colleagues filling his ears, he was no longer sure those assertions were entirely false.
“I thought you said before there was no evidence for a historical person called Jesus?” asked Justin, trying to take away his uneasiness.
“I did.” said Carl, kneeling to fit his massive frame into the limited height available. “I’m not even sure why Dave wanted me to come here. He must have known there’s no solid evidence for Jesus having existed.”
“How can there be no evidence?” said Louisa, incredulously. “We’re in Jerusalem and I’ve seen the Garden of Gethsemane. I spent the morning walking up and down the Mount of Olives, and can see the Dome of the Rock from the street; which sits on the foundations of King Solomon’s temple! In addition, just to cap it all, I’m stood on a mound of rotting paper in a tomb belonging to Jesus Christ! There’s loads of evidence!”
“I think we have a closet agnostic on our hands.” said Carl, turning to Louisa. “None of those things prove anything other than the Bible writers knew the area. Independence Day the movie is set in major cities in the United States, and I know the landmarks in it are historically accurate. Are you telling me the characters and events are historically accurate too?”
“Of course not.” said Louisa, unsure where Carl was going.
“Then I suggest you use that thought when you look at the stories in the Bible. All too soon, you’ll realise that what you thought was truth, is just well described fiction.”
Justin had never considered that fact before. Most of the religious people who joined online debates used the historically correct locations and people found in the Bible as proof the other characters must be historically accurate. However, Carl’s simple supposition proved just how stupid a thought that was. No proof meant no proof. Evidence by association to locations was patently ridiculous. 
 “But there has to be some. You wouldn’t have half the planet believing in someone for whom there isn’t a scrap of evidence.” said Louisa, still pushing her point.
“There is some, of course. Written by Flavius Josephus in the first century AD, ‘The Antiquities of the Jews’ tells the story of the Jewish faith from its beginning to its then, current state. It has a reference to Jesus that says, in relation to man called James, he was the brother of Jesus, who was called Christ. There is nothing else, and even this should be discarded because Christian dogma says Jesus had no brothers or sisters. Add to this that all other historical references to Jesus were written by, or substantially altered by Christians and thus cannot be accepted because of their undoubted bias, and you’re left with nothing; not a single shred of evidence for God’s son to be found anywhere on Earth. Tell me you think that’s plausible; even remotely.”
“Then why did you believe in him?”
“Because I wanted to believe. I wanted there to be a life after death. I wanted to feel immortal. Most of all, I wanted there to be a purpose to life. Belief in Jesus provided that.” Carl’s tone softened, and a distant look washed over him. “I realise now that all fables have a hero at their core and those heroes are usually archetypal. There’s a test called the Hero Scale, which measures certain attributes of characters to tell how heroic they are and thus how much the stories affect us. On that scale, Oedipus comes first, and Jesus third. King Arthur and Captain Kirk also score well. Nobody who can be proved to have lived is in the top half of the list. Ghandi for example, gets one-third of the score of Jesus. Alexander the great, possibly the most heroic human who ever lived, only does better than Jesus if you accept the stories he told about himself are true; which they are not.”
“I don’t mean to break up another fantastic discussion, guys,” said Chris, looking frustrated, “but we’re not getting anywhere stood here talking. Can we get on with this?”
Carl nodded and motioned for the group to disperse around the chamber.
“Can I ask what these things are?” asked Justin, picking up one of the paper tubes.
“Homework.” said Carl. “Israeli children, when learning to write Hebrew, are asked to copy passages from the Torah in their best script. They throw their attempts into open tombs as it is said to bring good luck to their endeavours.”
“Oh.” said Justin, unravelling one. “They’re very neat.”
“Can you guys start digging down in the corners? There should be six loculi, or passageways, tunnelled into the walls. We need to look for markings or writing near them. The loculi in the corner near you Chris, is where they found Yeshua’s ossuary. That would be my best guess.”
The four began to dig down through the papers, the rustling noise echoing through the small chamber and magnifying its ancient feeling.
“There’s writing here!” said Justin, a few inches down into the scrolls. “It’s like hieroglyphs.”
“What?” said Carl, shuffling over. 
There on the wall, about midway up the chamber, was a single line of script. Its flowing shapes and semi-pictorial nature did give it a feel of early hieroglyphs, but Justin could tell Carl knew it was not Egyptian in origin.
“What is it?” asked Chris.
“I don’t know.” said Carl.
Justin could not be sure, but something told him he had seen writing like this before.
Before he could speak, a gunshot echoed outside, its distant sound wafting through the tomb.
“I assume that means time is nearly up, guys.” said Chris. “Let’s get what we need out of…” Before Chris could finish, an explosion shook the tomb. Dust, thousands of years old, drifted down from the roof and choked the air. “Scratch that. We leave now!”
“Throw me your phone, Carl!” said Justin, unmoved from his position. “You get Louisa out, whilst I take some pictures.”
Carl looked at Chris, who acquiesced to Justin’s wishes and tossed him his phone. “Be quick, kid. That blast was real close.”
Justin thumbed through the menu. He set the phone’s camera to its maximum resolution and got as close as he could to the writing. Starting at the far end, he took photos, two feet apart, as he slowly made his way toward the exit.
“Are we good to go man?” asked Carl, poking his head out to see what was happening.
“I’ll climb out, you pass me Louisa.” said Chris, clambering out on to what remained of the dais. Once atop the cover, he reached out an arm into the darkness and waited for Louisa to grab hold. He hoisted her carefully through the gap and placed her to his side, as more gunfire rang out. “It’s now or never, Carl.” he said, leaning into the hole. “They’re practically on top of us, mate.”
Carl carefully moved back into the tomb, where Justin was completing his photo run. “We’re on our…” Before he could finish, another explosion, much closer than the first, ripped through the cramped interior and sent him tumbling to the floor. Above him through the opening, the sound of gunfire increased. “We’re going to have to climb out, kid.” 
“Straight into a war zone? Sounds great!” said Justin, barrelling toward the exit.
They climbed up and threw themselves over the metal fence, pressing their backs against the concrete dais. The sound of gunfire was everywhere. Tracer rounds, whistling as they scorched by, collided against the structure and sent a fine spray of dust into the heavy air. They looked about, but Chris and Louisa were nowhere to be seen.
“This is no place to be sitting!” said Carl. “We’re completely prone here.”
“Agreed.” said Justin, searching for an escape route. “Follow me.”
Before Carl could stop him, Justin made a dash for a ground floor balcony in the apartment block opposite. As he ran across to the fence that edged its boundary, he could see the impacts of bullets in the soil around him. He cursed under his breath and drew a lungful of air. He settled his mind as best he could, and screaming like a banshee began to lengthen his gait. Blood rushed through his veins and the heavy thump of his heart blotted out all other sounds. He tore across the ground, almost on autopilot, as he bore down on the low barrier before the building. 
Justin vaulted the wall in a single bound, landing and hitting the wooden patio doors with his shoulder, splintering the wood with the impact and flying into the room beyond. Not stopping in the first room, he continued his sprint until he was into the next, well protected by multiple layers of concrete.
He turned, peering out into the night, as Carl careered into the room, tumbling over a stool and crashing to the tiled floor.
“Carl.” Justin whispered, as Carl righted himself. “Over here.”
Carl turned and saw Justin, down on his haunches near the door. He walked over, avoiding the furniture that lay haphazardly in his path and placed a hand on his shoulder. “Well, this is turning into a real hoot!”
Justin smiled, craning his neck out of the slightly ajar door of the apartment into the corridor beyond. He caught the tell-tale shaft of torchlight as it wavered in the dusty air. Turning to look in the opposite direction, he could see two more menacing cones appear. “We’re not alone in here, and I don’t think it’s the colonel.” he said, leaning back into the room.
Carl went to look for himself, momentarily snapping his head back as a beam brushed the wall near the door. To their right, a short stride across the corridor was a staircase. It may not be the exit they were looking for, but it would at least allow them to get out of the position they were in. 
Justin glanced out and saw the staircase as well, gesturing his acceptance of the plan. 
A moment later, they darted into the shelter of the stairwell. Bullets zinged off the floor behind them and echoed cries thundered down the corridor, as their stalkers descended on their position.
Carl led the way up the stairs, running as fast as he could to the second floor. Once he was out, he searched for an open doorway. As Justin reached his side, he pressed a finger to his lips and the pair silently slipped into an apartment, closing the door as quietly as they could. 
Outside, screams of frustration and barked orders could be heard, as footfalls dispersed through the building.
Carl cautiously moved to the back wall, conscious that knocking into furniture would have their followers converge on them. To his right, a set of patio doors led to a veranda. He opened them, gratefully feeling the glass slide gracefully aside. He stepped out into the night, the distant repel of gunfire and screams still filling the air. Clambering over the railing surrounding the platform, he grabbed the sewerage pipe located there tightly. 
A stiff breeze blew through the barbed branches of the acacia tree at the base of the apartment and rustled its pulpy leaves, as Justin waited for Carl to finish his descent. Carefully crawling downward, he was soon stood by Carl’s side in the heavy shadow.
Justin scanned his locality, but the absence of light meant seeing anything more than the vague outline of the wall next to him was nearly impossible. 
“We have to assume our safe house is no longer safe.” Carl said, as quietly as he could. “So we should head back to our last known, safe location.”
“The coffee shop?” asked Justin.
“Don’t be stupid kid. It was probably the shop owner who ratted us out. We should head back to the…” 
Carl’s words were cut short by the sound of safeties being released behind them.
“Ogarf bimkaneek la tetherek!” a heavily accented voice intoned. “Raweany edeik!”
“Put your hands up, kid.” said Carl, twisting to face the voice. “No sudden movements.”
The pair turned to see a group of casually dressed Arabian men, carrying Russian assault rifles. The lead man twisted a grin through a thick grey beard, as he strode forward. As he advanced, his beady eyes flashed in the moonlight and picked out the edges of his loosely bound turban.
“Ah, Mister Walters.” said the man.
“It’s a pleasure to meet you too.” said Carl. “I’m not sure what Iranian nationals are doing in Israel, but I’m sure you have a pretty good reason to risk being tortured by Mossad.”
The man snapped a fist out and caught Carl square on the chin, twisting his head and momentarily dazing him. “I take it that the bag your colleague carries contains the artefacts?”
“Take it, it’s yours.” said Justin, holding the duffel out. 
“I know it is.” the man said, raising an arm and dropping it to his side.
Justin stared in terror, as the men hoisted their guns into firing positions. Carl instinctively drew an arm across his chest in protection, holding his other palm outward in hope it would stop what was to occur. 
The sound of gunfire rang out underneath the acacia, startling the murder of hooded crows lingering in its thick branches. The echoed gunshots merged with the plaintive ka-ka of the birds, as they bemoaned vacating their roost, before the area fell back into inky silence.






Chapter 36


It did not take J’tan long to catch up with Akhenaten and Michaenas, as they marched down the slope to the encampment. Ensuring he stayed behind them, he kept hidden in the early morning shadows thrown out by the boulders lining the track. 
As J’tan approached the camp, rising plumes of uncontrolled fires emanating from the heart of the patchwork carpet of tents filled his view. He could hear the cries of battle floating on the breeze and could smell the unmistakable aroma of death that hung in the air. Men, women, and children scrambling to pack possessions, their livestock laden with frenzied rapidity.
J’tan snuck from tent to tent, as Akhenaten made his way toward the centre, each footstep taken across the parched earth bringing the sounds of conflict closer. Soon, he was not only paying heed to the advance of the Pharaoh, but also to the area around him, his senses on full alert. 
It was not long until the tents became deserted, their lonesome entrance cloths wafting in the early morning sirocco. The fires that once warmed their interiors, long since stilled to smoke.
Yet, on strode Akhenaten. He barely paused to look, as he entered the desolation of the interior. His stride was sure and even, as the first bodies of those felled in battle were encountered. 
If Akhenaten felt anything for those fallen, J’tan could not tell. His proud gait and assured demeanour belied no trepidation, as he marched through the carnage. 
After a final rank of tents led to a large clearing, a stand of men came into view. As soon as their eyes caught sight of Akhenaten, the men fell to the sand, burying their heads low like the running birds of the Nubian wastes.
“Arise, my warriors.” said Akhenaten, his voice deep and powerful. “Do not be afraid. Israel is with me.”
The lead man raised his head and stared at Akhenaten, his face contorted in terror.
Akhenaten turned to Michaenas and gestured forlornly for him to deal with them, as he strode off through the clearing.
As Michaenas struggled to get the guards to heed his words, J’tan skirted their position and quickened his pace. If he could close the gap quickly enough, he could be on top of Akhenaten before he reached the main body of his army. 
J’tan sprinted along the line of tents to the side of his target. He drew his knife and curled his fingers round the handle. He scanned ahead to where, no more than thirty strides away, another clutch of guards waited by the side of the royal camp. He could not allow Akhenaten to reach them. He tensed his muscles in preparation for his attack, aiming for a gap so he would appear in front of the Pharaoh. 
As he darted into the break, something hit him in the chest and forced the air from his lungs. His head snapped forward and his legs parted the ground, as he came to a complete stop. He caught a glimpse of a huge, dark-skinned arm wrap around his waist. It crunched him to the earth, as a massive hand clasped itself over his mouth and stifled any sound. As his vision blurred and his world span, he was dragged into one of the tents; the huge figure holding him down so firmly he was unsure if he could move at all, as another form came into hazy focus.
“Shhh” the vaguely familiar voice sounded. “Do not struggle.”
J’tan’s vision slowly cleared, as he tried in vain to release the powerful grip. Standing over him was a massive wall of muscle. The man must have been half as large again as J’tan, and his skin was dark and beaded with sweat. Standing to the figure’s side, a diminutive figure warmed his heart to see. “Samali? What is going on?”
“You were about to blow our cover.” Samali said, placing a hand on his cheek and smiling. “I hope you are unhurt.”
“My chest disagrees with what I am about to say, but I believe I am fine. I nearly had him.”
“You would have been killed. Whilst I have been in the camp, I have learnt much from the Midianite priests. They say Akhenaten has consumed the energy of the high fire stone. That is why his face glows as it does. Until the glow is gone, no mortal can harm him.”
“So how do we stop him?”
“Akhenaten has tasted the star fire, but according to the priests he has not utilised it correctly. Until he has, his power is temporary.” 
Samali told him of the events since they parted company. She spoke of her conversations with the head of the Midianites, a man called Golan, and how he was already of the opinion Israel was not the true God. Golan explained it was Akhenaten’s knowledge of the First Time, which first made him believe he was telling the truth. All too soon, he realised the Pharaoh’s knowledge was as incomplete as his own was. He told her about the twelve and more importantly about the serpent, the thirteenth. He explained that the serpent’s followers, whom the Midianite and Akkadian priests called Anunnaki, spread the story of the First Time. Golan also taught her about his story of the deluge. He explained how the sea rose and the rivers flooded so repeatedly no area of land could be settled, the raging waters washing whole cities away. He recounted how the weather changed so rapidly no crops could be sewn, the last few survivors of the storm setting off in their remaining boats to find lands, untouched and fertile, from where to start anew. The remnants of these people, whom the Akkadian priests called Palastu were now a nomadic tribe of seafarers, leeching off the seaports and small towns lining the two great seas, their once proud heritage a distant and faded memory.
“So, how badly goes the battle?” asked J’tan, still struggling to regain his breath.
“It has been raging most of the morning, but the masses have not joined the fray. It is just the priests and the warriors. We have lost a few thousand men already and the Pharaoh an equal amount. However, Akhenaten’s followers are too numerous for us to contain long. We cannot keep losing men at this rate and succeed.”
“Who do we have on our side?” asked J’tan, concerned.
“Just the Midianites and those loyal to them. Maybe ten-thousand in number still remain.”
That was not good news. “The Pharaoh has nearly four times that amount.” J’tan said, their chances of success disappearing with every new revelation.
“But he does not throw them all into the battle. He is using his troops to assist the civilians escape the fighting. He is winning them over by helping them.”
“That does not sound like Smenkhkare.” said J’tan, puzzled by the Pharaoh’s actions.
“It does not.” said Samali, contemplatively. “We managed to corner Smenkhkare last night. He was walking the camp when the rumbling of the mountain began. Golan decided it was the best time to make our move. We managed to kill his scribe Hur and dispatch his guards, but something happened before we could apply a killing blow.” Samali’s words became light, all confidence expunged from her voice. “I do not know how to describe what transpired. A statue, made of gold, formed in the ground. It simply created itself, gold running in channels across the earth and piling up to form it.” she paused, shaking her head. It was as if she did not believe what she was saying. She took a deep breath and smiled, continuing with her story. “Since he has awoken, Smenkhkare has been a different person. The death of Hur and the attempt on his life appears to have affected him badly.”
J’tan would not linger on the statue. Whatever the truth may be, now was not the time to be chasing such a curiosity. “Smenkhkare always bore a darker side. It will not be good for our chances of success if he has developed some of his brother’s traits. We can only hope his actions are not what they appear.”
“And what of the temple?” Samali asked, hopefully.
“Yashu was prepared for any assault. I was never given an opportunity to get near either the Ark or the artefacts. Although, Yashu is bringing them down toward the camp as we speak. Perhaps if we can use the last of our army’s strength to make an assault on him as he travels, we can…”
Before J’tan could finish, a horn sounded with ferocious volume, forcing them to place their hands over their ears to hold back the noise.
“Hear me, children of Israel!” said Akhenaten in the still after the sound, his voice resonant. “You have made a grave mistake this day and angered your lord. Your God is a jealous God and will have no other worshipped before him. Drop your weapons and stay this fight, or he shall put a plague on those who oppose him! This is your last chance. Fall to your knees and beg forgiveness or you will take your folly to you and children’s graves. Four generation will he plague of your progeny. Your inequity will be the scourge of your lineage.”
J’tan walked outside to gain a vantage point from which to witness what was occurring. Through the tents and down a slight slope the centre of what was once a battlefield was visible. Thousands of men gathered amid smashed frames and fallen comrades, half standing and half kneeling. In their midst stood Akhenaten in full regalia, the staff of the thirteenth raised high above his head. 
Down in the dirt before Akhenaten, his face bloodied and battered, was Golan, the head priest of the Midianites. Towering over him was Yashu, a ceremonial sword held to the back of Golan’s neck, its blade flashing menacingly in the light cast out by the Pharaoh. 
Samali’s guard turned and stared at the unfolding scene, his face twisting in anguish. He swivelled, readying to set off to rescue his master.
“You must not do so stupid a thing Bil’am.” Samali said, gently placing a hand against his heaving chest. “Golan would not want you to sacrifice yourself to such a fruitless task. If the warriors have given up the fight to protect their leader, then they are the ones who have made the sacrifice.”
The powerful Bil’am looked at her, unsure of what to do.
“Do not worry about me. I have all the protection I need now that J’tan is with me. Your tribesmen need you more than ever. Go and save them.”
Bil’am bowed, giving J’tan a light nod of respect, before running as fast as he could down the slope.
Samali and J’tan turned their attention back to the Pharaoh, who stood with his hands high, looking out over the battle. To their right, four guards came carrying the statue that formed the previous night. 
The first sight of it unsettled J’tan. It was clearly a statue of a bovine, perhaps a younger representation of Hawt-Hor. It shimmered in the daylight and its surface rippled as if alive.
“You have sinned a great sin against your lord. Now you must purify yourselves, to be free from the evil you have committed.” Akhenaten said, as he lowered his staff to the calf. 
A jet of bright red fire danced forth and engulfed the statue, the air around it vibrating with the contact. Suddenly, the statue exploded with light and a pillar of fire towered into the sky. For a moment, everyone except the Pharaoh and his entourage fell to the ground, baying and praying to the sight of their God.
In front of Akhenaten, Golan took his chance. “Do not be fooled!” he said, lifting himself from the floor. “This is not your…” 
In a moment, Golan’s speech was ended. The fire darted from the calf and covered him from head to foot. It crawled over his flesh like insects. Twisting and swirling as it removed hair and skin, then flesh and blood. 
Seconds later, it was over, Golan’s desiccated skeleton falling to the earth and raising a cloud of dust with its lifeless impact.
In front of Akhenaten, a pile of white powder stood where the statue once was. Motioning for guards to bring him six large water jars, they placed them in a row in front of the mound and began to pour handfuls into each. 
“All those who have defied their lord will drink of the waters to cleanse themselves.” Akhenaten said, motioning for Yashu to bring men forward. “Those who refuse will surely die.”
One by one, the warriors of the Midianites were forced to imbibe a small amount of the water. The men who consumed the liquid lined up in rows, made to kneel and face Akhenaten.
“We will now see how Israel will judge you.” said Akhenaten, the exertion of his actions having dulled the glow from his face, reducing the intensity of his voice. Behind him, four men brought the Ark, placing it in the sands. 
As the Pharaoh spoke, J’tan could make out the form of Smenkhkare stood to one side of a tent’s entrance, guards having to restrain him.
Akhenaten cracked an intent-laden grin and raised his arms. “I call upon our lord Israel to judge our sins! Come down from your heavenly seat and purify these men!” The air whistled around, as he slammed his hands downward, levelling the staff toward them. The Ark rattled and a groan reverberated from within, flowing out like a great stench. 
A golden shaft of light shot from the tip of the staff and struck the first of the kneeling warriors squarely in the chest. The man bolted upright, his mouth open and terror crossing his eyes. Without pause, it moved through him and spread from warrior to warrior. With each new contact, the bolt grew brighter. It flexed and whipped in the air, zigzagging between them and erecting each in the same pitiless fashion as the first. 
J’tan looked from Samali and back to Akhenaten. The Pharaoh’s grin was broad and his eyes filled with deadly venom. He realised there was but one choice left. 
J’tan reached behind his tunic and removed his bow. Wrapped his fingers round the reed tie at its centre, he stretched it, flexing the wood and feeling the force it relayed as it bent. He rested the shaft of an arrow across his fingers. The deliciously smooth surface fired his nerve endings and heightened his desire. He felt the morning wind across his face, as he slowly lowered his bow towards his target. With a powerful, ego-laden, involuntary motion, he released his grip. His bow snapped back into shape, the arrow launching out toward its target. It gave out a light whistle as it followed its arc, the sound resonating with the satisfaction of employed skill.
Akhenaten stood next to the Ark, the golden light from the staff finally making contact with the last of the men, the pulse increasing in brightness tenfold as the arrow hit him. 
Instinctively his muscles flexed, releasing his grip on the staff and sending it clattering to the ground. 
The Ark groaned so loudly the tents in the area began to vibrate, and a wave of light blasting from the figures adorning its lid and drenching the very mountains around them in its brilliance, before everything descended to nothingness. 





Chapter 37


Louisa crouched outside the tomb, huddled by Chris’ side. Bullets ripped into the earth all around and shards of concrete sprayed up from the path. Fear gripped her in a way that was nearly impossible to contain. She wanted to stand, to run as fast as she could, but she fought her instincts. Chris would know what to do, he always did.
Chris remained unmoved. After glancing around, he ceased all movement, closing his eyes and allowing his shoulders to sag.
Louisa went to call out, to make sure he had not been hit, as Chris shushed her to silence and grabbed her arm to restrain her movements.
“We’re surrounded.” Chris said, opening his eyes. “We have shooters in position in every building facing us. At least three teams. The only thing working in our favour is that they appear to be firing at each other as well as us.”
Louisa instinctively searched the buildings for anything that could verify what Chris told her, but the entire area was so dark she could not discern anything other than the vague outline of the buildings.
“It’s now or never, Carl.” Chris said, leaning over into the tomb. “They’re practically on top of us, mate.” 
As Chris spoke, Louisa heard a dull, metallic thud, as something landed on the broken surface of the slab and skidded across its surface. Through the almost midnight blackness around her, she could make out an eighties-style fragmentation grenade, as it missed the hole and slithered off into the undergrowth to their side.
“Jesus Christ!” said Louisa, recognising the shape. 
That was the last straw. Without any thought for the gunfire, Louisa bolted from their position and started to sprint across to the presumed safety of the apartment block to their side; Chris growling at the lack of composure as he set off after her. 
Bullets tore through the air, as Louisa raced across the small garden. After only a few strides, the air around her rippled. The explosive shockwave hit hard, lifting her up and tossing her forward like a leaf from a blower, sending her and Chris spinning through the air.
Moments later, her feet connected with something solid and she smashed through it, a jolt of pain surging up her legs with the impact. She travelled beyond the object, colliding with solid ground in a dark space, before rolling forward clumsily and coming to rest against something soft. 
Louisa lay stunned after her experience. It took a few seconds, but slowly she began to discern her surroundings. It was an apartment. She looked down and saw a busted door blind, silhouetted against the night sky. To her right she could see the crumpled form of Chris, slowly trying to right himself. 
“Careful there.” Chris said, crawling over to her. “We need to see if you’re injured. Tell me if you can feel pain anywhere.”
Louisa checked herself and shrugged. Other than the shooting pain in her hips from her collision, she could find no trace of further injury.
“That’s good.” said Chris, standing wearily.
Louisa looked up and saw the blood dripping from the sleeves of Chris’ shirt. She watched as he turned, his back a mesh of lacerations. “You’re hurt, Chris!” she said, startled at the extent of his injuries, “You can’t…”
“I understand I must be badly injured, because my hands are shaking and I think I have a mild concussion. Nevertheless, if we stop, one or all of the people after us will storm in here and kill us. Allow me to get you somewhere safe and then you can save my life. Deal?” 
Louisa looked at him and nodded. She knew that it was probable there was little she could do for the wounds in their current predicament. However, she also knew that something must be done for them or it may be too late.
Chris moved across the room, locating an exit. Opening the door, he revealed a dark corridor leading to a set of stairs travelling in both directions. The blast must have blown them through a first floor window. 
“We’re going to have to break into one of the apartments on the far side of this corridor.” Chris said, breathing hard and leaning against the doorframe for support. “We can’t risk using the stairs. Hopefully, it will still be dark enough for us to exit the room unnoticed through an external egress point and make our escape to the ground.” 
Louisa followed Chris out of the apartment across the narrow corridor to one on the opposite side. He tried the handle, the door giving way easily as the pair slipped inside. 
Without pause, Chris stumbled across the dark interior and made his way over to a set of glass doors on the far wall. He opened them and looked out into the pitch-black night, the distant sound of gunfire echoing over the rooftops and drifting inside. He pointed to his right, where a waste disposal pipe attached to the external wall.
“We’re going to have to climb down, aren’t we?” asked Louisa.
“That’s right.” said Chris, trying his best to smile. “I hope you’re in good climbing shoes; no heels.”
Louisa shook her head and went over to the window. She strode beyond Chris, climbing outside, and grabbing hold of the thick pipe to start her descent.
Louisa ably descended with little effort. Once at the ground, she turned and watched as Chris reached out and tested the pipe, before putting his bulk in the potentially unsafe hands of Israeli builders. 
As he descended, Louisa could tell Chris was struggling. His left arm was practically useless, and his movements were awkward. He continued on for a few more feet before a light sway made him grasp the pipe tightly. She watched as he shook his head, no doubt trying to quell the endorphins his body was dumping into his system, as he tried to set off once more. As he went to move, his right foot slipped, sending him off balance, and he vainly tried a swipe of his arm to prevent falling.
Louisa looked worriedly up, as Chris wilted off the pipe. He landed on the soft turf in an undignified heap, missing a concrete skirt by inches. She checked his pulse; it was low, but rhythmic. She scanned her environs and located an acacia tree set just to her left. She put her arms under his and started to drag his unconscious form to cover. 
The heavy night made any visual confirmations difficult, but Louisa was sure there were two men stood a short distance in front of her, as she reached her destination in the shadows. To her right, she could just make out a second group of men descending on the first’s position. 
As the second group approached, a man stepped out in front of the pack. “Ogarf bimkaneek la tetherek!” he said, in a heavy, Middle Eastern accent. “Raweany edeik!”
Louisa could not tell what was being said, but its tone and the hastily made sounds of cocking guns told the story of its intent. 
As she watched the groups merge, Louisa caught sight of another figure approaching. The lone silhouette moved quickly with gun outstretched, as it silently made its way up behind the men.
“Aravi Kelev!” the figure said, as it unloaded its weapon into the group. 
As the heavy gunshots lit up the space under the tree and startled the birds that nested in its branches she froze, the realisation dawning that the two forms she had first seen were those of Carl and Justin.

 



Chapter 38


It was nearly an entire season since the events at the mount. The thoughts of the carnage witnessed would still not let him be and Smenkhkare found his sleep uneasy and filled with the demons of the night. 
The images of the deaths of the Midianite warriors randomly sparked in his mind, even during the day. Their anguished faces and breathless screams for help as they turned to ash, left a mark he was sure not even time would erase. 
Akhenaten promoted the Levites, those who were loyal to Michaenas, into the position of the chief priests of Israel as soon as they left Sinai. He also appointed Michaenas into the position of chief scribe, to replace the fallen Hur. 
Smenkhkare had to give his brother credit. He knew this was done to strip power from the Akkadian priests, and it had worked. Their congregation now treated those few who remained with contempt and distrust. 
Smenkhkare could not describe the feelings he now experienced. Since he was young and first grasped the concept of his own mortality, he was scared. The thought that terrified his dreams and his every waking moment as a young man being summed up by just three words; no more me. It was such a driving motivation in his life that when he discovered his grandfather was working on locating the Ark, he jumped at the chance to assist in any way he could. 
The pursuit of that goal had warped his soul. He had murdered innocents, destroyed families, and abused his power on so many occasions he was sure there was no way he would ever be granted access into the Duat; his eternal afterlife. 
Akhenaten repeatedly told him not to worry. He said that once they unlocked the secrets of the Ark and located the Tree of Life, they would no longer have need for an afterlife, for they would be immortal. 
After the recent events, this viewpoint had crumbled. Smenkhkare did not fear death anymore, for it was just another stage in the eternal cycle of the serpent. His soul laughed with the revelation and set his sprit free, disintegrating the walls that surrounded his thoughts for so long. The final act of elimination of the hideous person he allowed himself to become occurred when he presented the Midianite leader to his brother. 
Golan laughed at Akhenaten, mocking his glowing face and taunting his knowledge of the First Time. In response, Akhenaten ordered he be tortured into giving up his secrets. The poor man howled as the guards pulled his fingernails out by their roots and cut the eyelids from his face. Then water, filtered through sand to pick up its delicate salts, was poured into the wounds. It was a horrible torture, usually reserved for only the deepest of enemies, but one his brother employed with glee. 
Golan held on as long as he could, thrashing in agony as waves of pain engulfed him. In the end, when Akhenaten told the guards to remove the man’s extremities and force him to eat them, Golan broke. 
In the ensuing, garbled revelation, they learnt of the true nature of the Ark. It was from this information that Akhenaten drew up his plan for the warriors of the Midianites. 
Try as he might, Smenkhkare was unable to dissuade Akhenaten from the path he was set upon. He watched on, his horror at the unfeeling way in which his brother was going about committing mass human sacrifice too much to bear. 
If it was not for the arrow that hit him at its final stages, Akhenaten would now be on his way to godhood. As it was, the arrow stopped the process from completing and drained Akhenaten of the last of the power gained from the Havilah gold.
Smenkhkare now knew what needed to be done to gain immortality, and the stench of evil surrounding it sickened him to the core. He begged his brother to listen to reason about what he was planning to do, but he would not. 
Akhenaten ordered what was left of their followers to set off on a suicidal trek into Retenu, the site of what was once Havilah, which the Akkadian priests knew as Canaan. With every scrap of the good gold accumulated already used, he required much more to recreate the conditions needed to attempt the transference again, and the last place where the gold might be found in large enough quantities was where it was mined, in Havilah itself. 
With no other options, Smenkhkare sent for his wife. If anyone could stop Akhenaten now it would be his brother’s daughter. Hopefully, Miriamne would be able to talk Akhenaten out of his chosen path and save Smenkhkare’s people from his brother’s lunacy. 
It was with a warm heart that his scout returned, days earlier than expected, and brought him news Miriamne and Jethro were already traversing the desert to be with them. Every single day until this one, the day of their expected arrival, his heart lifted a little more.
Smenkhkare walked into the crisp morning air and stretched his weary limbs, looking around for signs of his brother. When he found none, he made his way across to the tents of the Akkadian priests, a lower caste attendant known as Galil greeting him at the entrance. 
Galil was a short, runty man, whose facial hair came out in withered sprouts from his face like the remains of a badly worn rug. The other Akkadian priests teased him about his inability to grow hair properly, as prided as they were on their own lustrous beards. 
Galil offered Smenkhkare into the large communal tent where the priests were served their meals. 
Smenkhkare liked Akkadian food. It was rich and fragrant, heavily spiced with exotic herbs, and sweet to the taste. When he entered, he bowed respectfully to those already seated; holding out a hand to show the men no return gesture was required. 
Smenkhkare found he enjoyed being just another man. For too long in his life, people bowed every time he moved. People bowed when he stood up, bowed when he spoke, and bowed when he ignored them in the street. It was a comforting feeling to be accepted, rather than feared. 
Smenkhkare chatted to the priests as he ate, helping himself to multiple portions of the flat, grainy bread the Akkadian women made so well. He asked how his sons were doing and if they still focused on their studies. The priests responded kindly and honestly that his sons were good at learning, but bad at taking orders. He laughed, accepting this was a trait of their positions of old. He rose and thanked them for the food, promising to speak with his sons about their attitudes. 
Smenkhkare walked outside, the air still full of pungent odours, and contentedly made his way down to the tent of the Ark. 
From the outside, the Tabernacle was laden with brightly coloured cloths and beautifully carved adornments of gold and silver. Made into three structures that interlinked to create a single whole, its scale was truly immense. It covered the same area as thirty standard tents and stood the height of five men. Bazaleel, the Akkadian artisan, had done an incredible job on its construction.
Smenkhkare entered the Tabernacle, already wondering if his sons were inside. He passed delicately twined ropes, which held the entrance cloth to the subtle framework, and walked down the covered passageway to the heart of the structure. Even the floor of the Tabernacle was covered with linen, the wonderfully woven cloth passing on a sense of majesty to the structure. He moved through a fine gossamer veil, which separated the walkway from the main chamber and continued on, beyond the thick coverings of the internal space. 
Before Smenkhkare, stood on the raised dais at its core, was Akhenaten. To his brother’s right stood Michaenas, his face a mixture of shock and anguish. On the ground in front of them were the smoking remains of two men. Akhenaten held the staff of the thirteenth toward the corpses, his snarling face telling the story of what happened.
It took a moment for the scene to make sense, Smenkhkare’s heart stopping the instant he realised who lay dead.
“My sons!” Smenkhkare said, instinctively clutching his face and yelling with everything his soul could muster. “What have you done?”
“They came in whilst we worked. I did not realise it was them until it was too late.” said Akhenaten, his glowering features telling the true story of their demise.
“They were loyal! They were no threat!” said Smenkhkare, in disbelief.
“I did not know. They came into a place they were not supposed to. They knew the rules. They paid the price for their disobedience of custom.”
“They what!” Smenkhkare said, running across to his brother and gripping him by the front of his tunic, his eyes burning with fury. “What custom? They were my sons!”
“You should let me be, my brother.” said Akhenaten, meeting Smenkhkare’s glare and pressing the end of the staff into the soft flesh of his cheek. “I would not want you to be accidentally injured as well.”
Smenkhkare’s mind was a blur. He could not comprehend what was happening. He let go of Akhenaten and spun to face his children. Their smouldering forms still held some semblance of humanity and whilst he could remember their faces, he intended to honour them. He knelt down and began to weep, the tears flowing freely, as he prayed to whoever was listening to protect his fallen children on their journey.
“My brother needs time to come to terms with his loss.” said Akhenaten, coldly, as he ushered Michaenas out of the room. “Make sure his sons are well spoken of in the tales of our laws.”
Smenkhkare was left alone with his broken heart. Even though the remains were hideous, he could not see it. He curled his arms under the steaming torsos of his fallen boys and pulled them tight. He rocked them gently, remembering his time spent cradling them as babies, a lifetime of pride and unrequited hope dissolving into his tears.
Smenkhkare was unsure how long passed, before a soft, caring hand began to stroke the back of his head. The tenderness of the contact startled him and he turned, suddenly self-conscious.
“I do not know what to say.” said Miriamne, looking down at her husband with pity.
Smenkhkare could not have asked for a more welcome companion at that moment. Miriamne was not the mother of any of his children, but God willing that day would come. He was blessed with many beautiful courtesans and wives, but not one possessed the same power and presence as Miriamne. Never in his life was he as proud as the day they were joined; the day Miriamne accepted to become Meritaten, his royal wife.
“How did this happen?” Miriamne asked, resting her head on his shoulder in a sign of respectful solidarity.
“He killed them.”
“Who killed them, my husband?”
“Your father. He killed my sons, just as he is preparing to kill everyone else.”
“Why would he do this?”
“He has created the copy of the Ark, so the priests can idolise it, and feel part of his new religion. He plans to put the laws he is having the priests write inside, so they have something to focus their worship upon. He did not want the priests to ever see the writings that are upon the original. My sons were no threat to that secret. They were no threat to anyone.” 
Miriamne clutched him to her breast, as he began to bawl again, tears streaming down his face and further dampening the lip of his tunic. She held him tightly and allowed him to weep, as long and hard as his soul desired. 
“It is good to have you here. I have much to tell you.” said Smenkhkare, once his cries were ended, curling into a foetal position in Miriamne’s lap.
“Indeed you do.” Miriamne said, as she cradled his head and gently stroked his hair. “Especially about my father. Michaenas tells me he is to take himself another wife, a woman from the southern tribes.”
Smenkhkare turned, startled. He had heard nothing of this decision. “He is to join with a Yamite?”
“You were unaware of his decision?”
“My brother and I are not on speaking terms. I opposed his decision to begin the transference processes we discovered at the mount.”
“What process?”
“Akhenaten has unveiled the secrets of the Ark. He knows of the true nature of the Tree of Life. He has looted every village and town we have travelled through, stripping the inhabitants of the Havilah gold they possess. He is burning it in large quantities, forcing our people to eat it and calling it manna. He is planning to attempt the transference again, when enough of the gold has been consumed.”
“That is not a good sign.”
“Neither is his union with a Yamite. Do you know who she is?”
“Jethro is trying to ascertain that now. It will not bode well for my mother’s health to know he is to bond with yet another female.”
“Nefertiti is well then? I have not seen her since she fled.”
“She is at peace with our people. She lives well in Ur, by the site of the ziggurat.”
“I have never visited the Great City of your people. Maybe someday we will go and I will see the wonders the priests of Akkad have described to me.”
At his words, Miriamne caressed his face and kissed him tenderly on the lips. 
When Smenkhkare left to be with Akhenaten, he determined that he would never see Miriamne again. He was once a proud and decent man, much better than his brother. Over the years, he had changed into a similar monster, and any love she once felt for him was surely long since faded. He must correct that oversight. He had been a fool to follow Akhenaten, and an idiot to allow his feelings for Miriamne to be discarded to his past. He looked deep into her eyes, hoping she could tell the Smenkhkare of old, the man she once grew to love, was back with her again. “I am sorry if I ever hurt you.” he said, hanging his head in shame.
“I…” she said, completely unprepared for an apology to ever cross his lips. “You…”
“The man I was is but a distant memory, my love. I will not allow myself to become that which my brother has. I do not long to be a God anymore; I long to be a decent man. I hope you will grant me the chance to prove that.”
Miriamne burst into tears and pulled him close. She kissed the sides of his face and hugged him, suddenly feeling safe, rather than unsure, in her husband’s presence. She let years of fear and anxiety out in a single moment, the straining bonds between them restored in a single act. “There is much for us to do.” she said, finally, cupping his face in her hands. “My grandfather and I are not here to catch up on old times.” 
They talked in the silence of the Tabernacle for what seemed like an eternity. She told him of their mission to stop Akhenaten using the Tree of Life. 
Smenkhkare told her about the events since they left the city, including the details of what Akhenaten was planning to do. 
By the end of their conversation, a joint feeling of purpose descended, a plan devised to wrestle the Ark back from Akhenaten’s grasp.
They left the Tabernacle to arrange for the proper burial of Smenkhkare’s sons, so enraptured in each other that they missed the skulking form of Michaenas moving out from the shadows of the massive tent to follow.






Chapter 39


Ishmael drove the battered van down the dusty track connecting southern Hebron with Be’er Sheva. The main road between the two would probably be crawling with security personnel and even though these areas were inhospitable, as long as they did not break down they would be fine. Even so, with only moonlight to guide their path it was treacherous.
Ishmael traversed this road often, usually on his way to see relatives, many of whom still lived out in the wilder areas of his country, but never under such duress. 
Louisa was sitting in the passenger seat, looking shaken. She had done an incredible job with the injuries received by Paul and Chris. With limited supplies, she stemmed the blood flow from Chris’ shrapnel wounds, cleaning out and cauterising the injuries Paul received to his thigh and arm.
Ishmael envisaged his assistance of the British consulate would involve the transportation of dignitaries and the delivery of important documents to where standard postal routes did not go. He never realised the job would have him dealing with British intelligence, or on the run from Arabian insurgents in his own country. 
Still, the feeling of numbness at looking upon the faces of death troubled his soul, but his actions were effective. The Iranian dogs were about to kill the men he was sworn to protect and thus left him no choice. 
He glanced in the rear view mirror and saw Carl smiling back. His firing pattern may have been awkward, but both he and Justin were alive.
When this was over, Ishmael promised himself he would claim a big fee from the wealthy British government and retire to the family farm. He never wanted to see the insides of a city again. All he needed to do was stay alive until then.
The van slammed through village after village, as it made its way toward the Egyptian border. Soon, the dirt tracks turned back to tarmac roads and just as the sun was coming up, Ishmael pulled in next to an old barn nestled on the outskirts of a clutch of houses at the foot of rolling hills. 
As soon as the car stopped, Ishmael leapt out and pushed the van into a space to one side of the structure. Once it was in place, he and Carl carefully hoisted Chris out, supporting him as they moved. 
As they crossed to a concrete wall and turned the corner, a surreal sight awaited them, the scene changing from desolation to welcoming Western civilisation in thirty short strides. Rows of single-story, cream-painted, terracotta tiled houses, each with grass-covered gardens and winding stone pathways, spread out before them. Exotic flowers lined the pavement, most of which bloomed vibrantly, further enforcing the belief that Israel lay far behind.
“What the hell is this place?” said Louisa, wondering if she was on a film set.
“It’s an experimental village.” said Paul, walking up to a house. “Just outside this place they’re building one of the world’s largest solar power plants. There’s a sports facility and a grocers at the end of the street if any of you fancy a coke or a game of squash.”
“This is surreal.” said Carl. “It’s like I’ve moved to a different continent.”
“It takes a while to get used to, but it is a good spot to hide out. The best place to hide sometimes is in plain sight. It’s too well guarded for anyone to suspect we’re not just outside contractors working here.”
 Paul removed a key from his pocket and shuffled inside the building. The whoosh of temperature-controlled air was a welcome respite from the dichotomy of oppressive heat and freezing cold, marking the desert by day and night. 
The living room was neat and amenable, with a decent-quality suite and a TV. The open-plan lounge spread out toward a kitchenette backing onto a fenced garden visible through French doors. 
Once inside, Louisa removed Chris’ jacket and asked Ishmael if they had any medical supplies.
“We do.” said Ishmael, as he reached into a cupboard and withdrew a pair of pristine kits. “Courtesy of the Red Cross aid relief to Palestine.”
“Have you finished what we were talking about, kid?” asked Carl, taking up a perch on the edge of the couch.
“Just finishing the algorithm now.” said Justin, laying out his laptop on the coffee table.
Ishmael could not understand the blasé attitude of the pair. It was as if nothing had transpired. “So, what are you doing?” he asked, his curiosity piqued.
“I’m working on an algorithm designed to look at the examples of text we have and see if there are any commonalities.” said Justin.
“What text?” asked Ishmael, moving to the kitchen and flicking the kettle on.
“We found some text on the walls of the tomb in Talpyiot.” said Carl, allowing Justin to concentrate on his task.
Ishmael knew some Christians and even some Jews believed Jesus was once buried in that tomb. That was why so many countries believed its protection was important. However, he also knew some of the ossuaries found in that tomb had been tampered with, which surely undermined their validity. Not only that, but being a Jew meant he did not believe Jesus was the son of God at all, which in turn meant babysitting the site for almost a year had been one of the most boring things he ever did. Even after reading all the research material Paul accumulated to stave off going stir crazy, he could not remember a single mention of writings. “Text in the Yeshua tomb? I did not know it contained any.”
“It is unlike anything I’ve seen. However, Justin pointed out he had, on the Phaistos Disc.”
The Phaistos Disc? Ismael had read about it at university. “The Minoan disc discovered in the early twentieth century on the Greek island of Crete? The one that remains un-deciphered?”
“You know about the Phaistos Disc?” said Justin.
Ishmael hid his anger to the comment as best he could. Tolerating European and American ignorance of the education standards of Israel was tiresome at best. Israeli children were far better educated than their Western counterparts. Not that he expected these people to understand. They did not even believe in Yahweh. “Oh, I am sorry. I should have realised I was supposed to be ignorant. No, I have not heard of it. Help me understand, oh masterful British man!”
“Er…” said Justin, embarrassed and unsure what to do. “We always thought the Phaistos Disc contained the early language of the Minoan people or some kind of trading language they developed for use in their empire.”
“So we did not think it was Indian or Sumerian at all?” said Ishmael, finishing making everyone a drink and returning to the living area.
“Well… er… I think…”
“Give it up, kid.” said Carl. “Realise when you’re licked and give the man an apology.”
“Sorry.” said Justin, averting his eyes from Ishmael’s stare.
“What the kid was trying to say, was that the text in Yeshua’s tomb bore more than a close resemblance to the text from the Phaistos Disc. He’s creating a program to match the symbols and try to get a usage pattern. Hopefully we can get a match somewhere, but without a Rosetta Stone… Oh my.”
“I take it you have a revelation?” asked Ishmael.
“I got it wrong about the ossuaries and now I’m wrong about this! Dave said disc and tablet. I thought he meant the Tablets of Testimony, but once again I was jumping the gun.”
“But we don’t have a tablet.” said Justin. “The one he was talking about is probably locked up in the Vatican somewhere.”
“Dave knew what he was telling us. So, that means the information would be somewhere where we had access to it. Security cameras!”
“He stored image information on the security camera server at the base? Clever. I’ll start scanning through the files to see if there are any stills in with the video.”
“We’re really close, Justin.” said Carl. “I can feel it.”
Base? Security cameras? Dave? None of these things matched the reasons Colonel Martin gave Paul for arriving in Talpyiot. That made Ishmael worried. Who were these people and what were they doing in his country?
Making an excuse to depart their company, Ishmael entered the rear bedroom where their communication equipment was located. Ensuring he did not follow official lines, he sent a message to a friend at the embassy. Giving as much detail regarding the group as possible, he requested to know everything his friend could find out about them.
Thirty minutes later, Ishmael was back in the living room, chatting light-heartedly with Carl and Justin as they continued to work. Eventually, with a happy cheer, Justin informed them he had found what they were looking for. 
“These aren’t all from the same folders.” said Justin, pointing to the screen. “Some of these were trashed items. At the point of the power-down that affected the base, all the files currently in use would have been caught in the transaction buffers. If someone was accessing those files, remote a possibility as that might seem, this cache would still contain them.”
“Those don’t look valid.” said Carl, looking down the array of numbered filenames and tilde-laden extensions.
“These are files as they are when programs use them. They’re still valid, but they’ve been uncompressed.” 
There were six matches in total; a schematic of the air-conditioning system in the complex, a diagrammatic view of the servers in their lab, a view of the interior of the underground car park taken from the down ramp, and two floor plans of the base making up the first five. 
Opening the final image, Justin nearly leapt from his seat. There, on the screen before them, was a stone tablet. A measuring stick next to it showed it was over a meter in length and about half a meter wide. Its surface split into two sections of text, divided by a wide line carved through its centre. 
“I think the lower writing is the same as the disc.” said Justin, staring wide-eyed at the screen.
“The top writing is an early form of Mayan. We’ve found it. We’ve found a translator!” said Carl, his eagerness dissipating as he looked over the files again. “Can we tell who accessed this stuff? All these other images relate to the story you guys told me of your escape.”
Justin tapped through a couple of screens before returning a string of text. “The security code isn’t one I recognise. It almost looks like it was an external entry.”
“You mean someone was sending this data off the base when the surge happened?” asked Carl, confused.
“No. It’s a code assigned to authorised access from outside the base coming in. It doesn’t make any sense.” said Justin, clearly perturbed.
“Can you figure out what it means later, kid? It would be great if you could rewrite your algorithm to break the text from the tomb as soon as you can. Then we can get the hell out of this place. I would prefer not to hang around for another firefight, if you don’t mind. I’ll give you a translation of the Mayan if you give me a few minutes. Then you can do your thing. I’m assuming the Phaistos text on the tablet says the same thing as the Mayan does.”
Ishmael quietly drank his tea as Justin typed away. Every now and again, he would make his way back to the rear bedroom to check for a response; the length of time it was taking his friend to send one only serving to heighten his trepidation.
“So we found something on the drives?” asked Louisa, curling up on the couch and placing Chris’ blood-stained jacket on the floor by her side.
“Yeah, real stroke of luck too.” said Justin, ending his feverish typing. “If someone hadn’t been looking over the images when the servers crashed the night before we made our escape, there would have been no way to get this far. A lot hinges on what was written on the walls of that tomb though.” Nodding to Carl, he stood and stretched his shoulders. “I need a shower. Nobody touch that laptop until I get back.”
“Sure thing kid.” said Carl, leaning back.
“Exactly what hinges on that information?” asked Ishmael, as Justin disappeared.
“Too much to explain, Ishmael.” said Carl. “Suffice it to say, the course of modern history could change today and you’re privileged enough to be around when it happens.”
“You really think this is so big a deal?” asked Louisa.
“You bet your ass.” said Carl, grinning. “The artefacts we carry are a big enough deal, but finding the Ark, the Tree of Life, and the historical evidence for an ancient civilisation that seeded all the others will change the way we view the world around us. We’ll all go down in history for this.”
Five minutes later, the door to the bathroom opened and Justin walked out wearing a pair of oversized jeans and a GAP jumper that did not simply cover him, it buried him in soft-lined cotton.
“Are you just about ready to rock, kid?” asked Carl, trying to keep a straight face.
“Not really.” said Justin, sitting down. “But let’s get on with it whilst I can stay awake.”
“Ok then guys, here’s what I’ve got.” said Carl, handing Justin his notepad. “I think the Mayan scribes who wrote this struggled with the other language. One is a Logogrammatic language, like Hieroglyphics and the Mayan writings you see here, where each individual logogram represents the smallest indivisibly meaningful item you can have. Our other language turns out to be Ideographic, where each ideogram represents the smallest indivisibly realised thought, or idea.”
“A language based on rationalising a string of ideas?” asked Justin.
“It must have blown the Mayan’s minds to even try to communicate with these people. Ideographic languages are notoriously open to interpretation and practically impossible to implement. You’re looking at a desperate attempt to try to make a translation possible. I’m not sure, but I’m thinking the Phaistos Disc could be a child’s toy; intended to give children a basic grasp of the core concepts founding the language. So, let’s start with the writing on the disc. We’ll use the tablet to try to get a set of core ideas and phrases together from it. Then we’ll use that and see what we get from the writing in the tomb.”
Ishmael left the group to continue talking, making his way into the back bedroom one last time. Logging into the mail client he was glad to see a response from his friend. However, its bold title and urgent flag soon removed any happiness from his mind. The people in this house were liars. He had killed men, perhaps ruining his chance at eternal salvation along the way, and all for nothing. Grabbing a gun from a cabinet under the computer, he released the safety. There was only one way to make amends.
“You do not work in intelligence!” Ishmael said, striding into the living room with his gun outstretched. “I have been waiting for a response from my compatriots in the embassy. You are wanted criminals!”
“Just put the gun down and we can explain.” said Carl, as soothingly as he could.
“No putting guns down any more!” said Ishmael, his hand shaking with a mixture of fear and anger. “You made me kill to protect you. You, a criminal who plans to expose my faith as a lie, made me kill men for you! You should die like the dogs you are!”
“What the hell is going on?” said Paul, stumbling out of his room in a pair of linen boxer shorts. 
Ishmael fired a round into the ceiling above Paul to prevent any further outbursts. He had to get control of the situation. “You, I no longer trust, Paul. You brought these liars and heathens into our lands. You ordered me to protect them. You are as guilty as them for my sin.”
“What sin? What the hell is going…” said Paul, as Ishmael fired a second bullet into the ceiling, sending down a light stream of dust.
“You will be silent! You will be given to Mossad for questioning with these people. I did not care that you broke into the tomb of Yeshua. I do not believe he was who you think he was.”
“That makes two of us.” said Carl, under his breath.
“But now I find that you are here, in Israel, to change my history! To challenge the very thought of Yahweh himself! You Western animals!” Ishmael said, as his id struggled to hold back his duty to his faith. “How dare you come here and tell us about my God! What right do you have? What right!”
Chris stumbled out of his room and looked out to where the noise that awoke him was coming from. “Aw hell.” he said, as he realised what Ishmael was doing. “I don’t need this aggravation right now. I’m going back to bed. Wake me up when you’ve sorted this out, Carl.”
Before Carl could respond, another gunshot rang out, and a body flopped limply onto the tiled floor of the apartment.






Chapter 40


Samali tidied away the remains of breakfast, as Jethro and J’tan laughed convivially with a local goat herder named Badai. 
Badai was a nomad, a member of an archaic race of people who still traversed the wastes of Sinai. For a man who had never been to a city, or even undergone any form of teaching, his knowledge, and his ability to speak multiple languages was impressive. 
Samali took the small jar of goat’s milk Badai gave them in exchange for sharing their breakfast, sealing its lid with animal fat, and placing it in rear of the cave. The coolness found there would preserve it a few days and provide the supply of goodness essential to extended stays in the desert. 
As she looked out into the valley, she caught sight of a woman staggering up the incline toward them. Whoever it was, they were very slight. Not much taller than her and no more heavily built. The woman wore a fine robe, which allowed the light from the early morning sun to pass through it and outline her delicate frame. Samali thought about going for the men, but decided she could handle the situation herself, and headed out to meet her. 
As Samali got closer, it became clear the woman was in great distress.  She lurched, stumbling on the slope, barely able to keep her head held high. As she staggered on, her chest heaved with her exertions, before finally she collapsed.
Samali raced across to where the woman lay. She carefully turned her over and checked she was still breathing, before recognition of the woman’s features made her to recoil. 
Miriamne was barely recognisable as the proud queen Samali met in the harem. Her once elegant body was ashen, the life seemingly drained from it. Her face, once radiant and powerful, now drawn and haggard. Her cheeks covered in boils and pustules, and her lips cracked and scarred. 
Samali scooped Miriamne up in her arms, her body almost weightless, and ran back to the men.
“Miriamne?” said J’tan, as Samali gently placed her in the back of the cave. “Are you all right?”
Miriamne coughed and spluttered, unable to vocalise a response.
Jethro struggled to hold back his emotions, his voice beginning to crack. “It is all my fault. I should never have brought her here.”
“She would eventually have come of her own accord, father. She is too much like her grandfather to not have done so.”
“My family are too like me for their own good, I think.” said Jethro, wiping the tears from his face. “Your companion is a good woman. The gods will show her the way to save Miriamne’s life. Of that I am sure.”
The heat of the afternoon came and went, but Samali did not move from Miriamne’s side. She bathed her wounds and helped her drink as much water and milk as she could. She had never seen anything like the affliction Miriamne was suffering. Most people taken so by a disease would have perished long before, and she was sure it was not just fighting spirit that was keeping Miriamne alive. It was almost of if the affliction itself was keeping her on the edge of death in this unnatural manner. It terrified her to contemplate who or what could have done this to Miriamne and left her in the desert to suffer its consequences alone.
“You are still troubled, I think.” said Badai, as J’tan absently stirred his evening broth with his fingers.
“Miriamne was our last hope of getting close to our goal. It has been many moons that we have tracked the caravan of the traitor. With each town he loots, he conscripts every man saved alive. We are impotent in our attempts to stop him. Now our last chance may be gone. I am justified in my worry.”
Badai nodded respectfully to J’tan, understanding his comment had not been taken in the manner it was given. He prised himself from the side of the fire and walked outside, as Jethro came and stood by J’tan’s side.
“Badai is a good man, and he is wise.” said Jethro, leaning into J’tan and wrapping an arm round his shoulder.
“I do not take kindly to being questioned on my thoughts. I am not a child.” said J’tan, his irritation clear.
“We are all children, my son.” said Jethro, soothingly. “I have witnessed the feast of the Eastern Star nearly sixty times, yet I am still warmed to see the faces of my friends when they come to share it with me. I still feel like I did as a youth when I see the men undertake the run of rebirth. The only thing that stops me from joining them is my tired and season-worn bones. In this cave are two women who mean something to you, one more than the other I think. It is only natural you feel something when one of them is in pain. Do not hold your emotions so tightly. Go, be with them and show them you are capable of being their friend,” Jethro lifted his head, a knowing grin washing his face with ageless serenity, “or maybe even their husband.”
J’tan blushed, looking across at Samali and dropping his head.
Samali did not know what to do. She turned her attention back to Miriamne, trying desperately to hide the sudden rush of blood to her own cheeks. 
 Eventually, Samali heard a shuffle of feet from behind her as J’tan arrived at her side. He crouched, holding a bowl of water so that Samali could continue to clean Miriamne’s wounds. She looked at him, his face stoic, and his eyes wide. Nodding, she accepted the bowl, and continued her task.
For five days the small group doted over the fevered form of Miriamne, until finally, by first light on the morning of the sixth, the worst of her fever was gone. The boils and pustules that covered her face were no more, and only dry skin and sores remained where the festering mounds once were. Her lips were coloured and the horrific pallor of her skin replaced by the reassuring hues of life. 
Samali was busily preparing breakfast when Miriamne started from her dreamy sleep with a wheezy cough.
“Be calm.” said J’tan, pressing lightly on her shoulder. “You are among family. You were wandering the hillsides when we found you. You were delirious with disease. You are lucky to have survived. Rest, my sister. You can tell us everything you need to later. Samali has made you some food. She says it will aid your recovery.”
“I am fine.” Miriamne said, pushing the bowl away with a steady hand. “I am as recovered as I need to be.”
Jethro heard the voice, its vigour and life strong, and made his way over. “I thought I had lost you, my child.” he said, kissing her head. “We have been worried. What did he do?”
Miriamne composed herself, J’tan helping her to sit before she spoke. “When I arrived at the camp, I found Smenkhkare in the Tabernacle; the grand tent Akhenaten has constructed as a place of worship to his false idol, Israel. Inside, I found him cradling his eldest sons in his arms, both killed by Akhenaten. There, he told me he was no longer thirsting to find the Tree of Life. When I looked into his eyes, I knew he was telling the truth. He told me about what Akhenaten was planning. It was then we decided to act, to stop him attempting to activate it again.”
“Without the Midianites on your side, what did you decide?” asked Jethro.
“There was another group in the camp, the followers of Abram from our homelands. They hold sway with the other priests and thus Akhenaten’s congregation. We decided to use them as a distraction, so I could escape from the camp with the Ark. Our plan was to try to cause a disruption at Akhenaten’s planned joining with the Yamite woman Shi’ba. Unfortunately, Michaenas overheard us and relayed our discussions to Akhenaten. He sent Yehoshua and his guards to round up the priests and he dragged me and Smenkhkare before the Tabernacle. If it were not for the objections of the other priests about the treatment of Smenkhkare, he would have killed us. He used the uraeus to infect me and ordered the guards to throw me out of the camp until I was returned to health. He is using my affliction to torture Smenkhkare for his actions.”
“And what of the Akkadian priests?” 
“That is what we must prevent. Ahead of us in the desert is another tribe of the sons of Amalek. Before he sent me from the camp, he was ordering those faithful to the Akkadian priests to go and fight them; alone. He said if they were truly faithful to Israel then their God would protect them. He was also rounding up the elders of the tribes, for what purpose I am unsure.”
Samali frowned. Whatever monster Akhenaten was, his guile was unmatched. “Akhenaten plays a clever game. He knows the fight will mean the death of those that support the priests. He also knows their failure will take support away in others, who will see them as not having believed in his false God.”
Jethro nodded his agreement. “We need to find out what is going on in that camp and we need someone to get close to do it.”
“I will go.” said Miriamne, firmly. “He said I could not return until I was well, and now I am.”
“Do not be so foolish. You will end up being killed like the brave men of Akkad. I shall go.” said Jethro.
“Did it ever occur to you,” said Badai, his round face lowered toward the fire, and his brow furrowed, “that your Pharaoh now knows about all of you? If he knows of Miriamne’s plot, then I assume he knows you are in on the deception too Jethro. In addition, I can assume he already knows you J’tan, no longer work for him, and also that your companion is not on his side.” Furtive glances shot round the group, the realisation that he was correct slowly settling over their thoughts. “My point is that none of you can approach the camp.” 
“What do you suggest, my friend?” asked Jethro.
“I can walk down with my herd. I can pretend to gather sticks for a fire and perhaps trade some of my goats or maybe a little milk for information. Nobody will suspect me of being anything other than what I am; a nomad and a herder.”
“I cannot ask you to do this, there may be dangers we cannot see.” said Jethro.
“Then I shall do it of my own accord.” said Badai, standing and grabbing his crook. “Akhenaten not only threatens your way of life, he also threatens mine. With every town and village he destroys, my trading options are reduced ever more. I shall return by nightfall.”
Try as Jethro might, he could not convince Badai to change his mind. Soon, he was moving off down the hillside, whistling as he walked.
Samali knew Jethro was worried, and suggested that she could track Badai into the valley, to keep an eye on events as they unfolded.
J’tan was uneasy with Samali getting so close to the camp, but with no other options, he finally acquiesced.
Samali followed Badai into the valley, always remaining out of sight. As she watched, he moved toward the edge of the camp and chatted with a guard, handing him a small vase as their conversation continued. Suddenly, the guard’s manner changed. It was clear something was amiss. 
A wave of fear for Badai’s safety gripped her and she began to run back to the cave. Looking over her shoulder as she climbed the hillside, she was horrified to see a group of guards surround Badai and drag him into the camp.






Chapter 41


The ten-eighty-ten rule. It was a simple description of how people reacted in moments of crisis. 
The rule stated that ten per cent of people were un-phased by life-threatening events. They saw their only goal as survival and logically planned a strategy to achieve it. It was from this ten per cent that ninety per cent of all major catastrophe survivors came. 
The next bracket, the eighty per cent, could not cope with high-pressure events. They froze, unable to act without coercion. The vast majority of remaining survivors came from this group, but only because they were assisted by the first. 
The last ten per cent were the ones to avoid. They made emotional decisions, which invariably proved wrong. Maybe one in a million of these individuals could be counted as survivors, and blind luck was their only saviour. 
Overall, the rule said one simple thing: If you have three people in front of you during a crisis, one screaming at people around them, one stood staring blankly at a wall, and another assuredly doing something, unless you have a solid idea of your own copy the doer if you want to live. 
A phone rang and rang. It twitched and buzzed, unanswered on an open personnel folder in the back of the car, the caller known and the risk taken through ignorance high. 
Decisions that should have ensured success were being met with failure. At every turn, the circular pattern, the net binding history into repeating blocks was unfurling. It was not supposed to happen this way. Each new pathway should have some measure of limitation. Each new opportunity should not be soured before it was even tasted. Was time, the universe’s own ouroboros, beginning to unravel? It was a disconcerting thought.
The race across the desert of Canaan toward the hidden location was about to begin, and uncertainty and doubt were unwanted companions. Surely, it could not be true no more chances would be presented before the singularity was met. The raging odds at the heart of the cosmos, the very power woven into the Tree of Life should mean luck changed its current course. Perhaps, just one more time, the artefacts and their carriers would be located and their final goal discovered. All it would take now was one last act of divine providence and Ophiuchus could finally be unbound.






Chapter 42


Carl snapped his head sideways as the gunshot echoed around the house. To his side, Louisa’s body shook with adrenaline-induced shock. On the floor in front of her lay Ishmael. Blood oozed from a bullet wound in his back and drooled out on the tiled floor in a thick matt of crimson. In her hand, Chris’ gun still issued a thin trail of smoke into the air. She dropped it instinctively, allowing it to fall back onto the blood-stained jacket from which it was removed.
“What in the name of hell just happened?” said Paul.
“You should tell me.” said Chris.
“I think you’ve got that the wrong way round colonel. Ishmael said you were criminals, just before your doctor friend shot him in the back. I’m guessing he was right.”
“Remember that he fired at you too Paul.”
“Oh, that’s right. He said he was going to kill me because I helped you, the criminals! That explains everything. I was obviously wrong!”
“We’re not criminals. I came to you for help under false pretences, but that doesn’t mean we’re the bad guys.”
“False pretences! My partner lies dead on the floor and the best you have is false bloody pretences! We broke into the tomb of Jesus Christ for you fellah, not some terrorist safe house! You try explaining that to the authorities.”
“Actually, we weren’t planning on…”
“You were just going to leave me to deal with the fall-out! Is that right?” said Paul, snarling. “You son of a bitch!” 
Paul leapt at Chris and the two men thumped into the wall of the corridor, punches thrown and landed with rapidity, as they rolled around on the floor.
“Oh great!” said Carl, stepping over the body of Ishmael. “You guys need to break this up!” When no response came, he reached down and physically separated the men, grabbing them by their throats to guarantee their attention. 
“Nice choke hold, Carl.” said Chris, rolling on to his back and breathing hard. “Still got some strength in those desk arms.”
“Have you two finished being immature, or do you want me to come back later so you can finish this homoerotic tryst in peace?” said Carl, with barely restrained rage. “There’s a body in the living room that needs dealing with. I also think Louisa might need counselling, but I’m happy to wait while you two finish feeling each other up in your smalls!”
“This isn’t over.” said Paul, panting hard.
“Yes it is. Carl’s right, as always.” said Chris, standing. “We don’t have time for this.”
Ishmael’s body still radiated vital fluids in an ever-increasing puddle around his prone form, as Carl crossed the living room. “How is she?”
“Not good.” said Justin, trying to get Louisa to do anything but stare at the floor. “She’s not spoken a word since.” 
Carl looked her in the eye and could tell for the moment at least, the woman known as Louisa Marshall was not around. He grabbed her wrist, feeling the chill settled there. “She’s in shock. Her body temperature has dropped and her pulse is slow. We need to keep her warm until we’ve decided what to do next.”
“We know what to do next, don’t we? I mean, that’s what caused Ishmael to flip wasn’t it?” said Justin, as he wrapped Louisa in Chris’ jacket.
“Probably, but I should have known better than to discuss it in front of an orthodox Jew. It probably didn’t help the man to hear me talking about…” To Carl’s left, a low moan issued out of Ishmael and drifted across the living room. “I don’t believe it! Drop Louisa, kid, and go get me some towels. We’ve got a life to save.”
Paul turned out to be a proficient field medic. He sterilised the bullet hole and even managed to remove the slug from next to the shoulder blade. By the end of his work, he left a series of neat stitches in Ishmael where the gaping wound once was. 
“You guys should get out of here.” Paul said, not moving his eyes from his fallen partner.
“You should know that…” said Chris.
“Yeah, yeah, yeah…” said Paul, curtailing any platitude. “No offence colonel, but I’m not in the mood. Get your stuff and get out.”
“We’re going to need your van.”
“Well you can’t have it!” said Paul, his retort filled with venom. “I need it to get Ishmael to a hospital, so you can forget that idea. Get your lousy, lying, traitorous ass out of here before I change my mind about handing you over to the authorities! Am I making myself clear?” He turned, glaring fiercely in Chris’ direction. It was obvious the statement was the end of the discussion.
Carl grabbed Chris’ arm and turned him away from Paul. He did not need the men descending to unarmed combat again.
A few moments later, Chris still staring back into the house, Carl managed to drag the group outside.
“How the hell do we get to Egypt now?” asked Justin, closing the door to the house, as he baked in the heat of the afternoon sun.
“Egypt?” said Chris.
“That’s what we reckon, yeah.” said Carl, looking around for signs of a taxi rank.
“That’s what the message in the tomb said?” asked Chris, pressing for answers.
Carl was trying to plan their next move and Chris’ question were an irritation he did not need. They had to move quickly. If Ishmael’s condition deteriorated, he could not predict how Paul would react. “Not exactly, no. But It’s logical to assume Egypt is the resting place of the Ark.”
“On what basis is it logical?” said Chris, grabbing Carl’s arm. “Let me in on the secret, please.”
“I’m not Paul, man. Don’t start a fight with me because you’re still angry.” said Carl, wrenching Chris’ hand loose and turning to face him. “If you were thinking rationally and we had the time, I would explain everything. However, as you decided to start a fight with our host in his safe house, we are now outside with no transportation in a hostile country. So don’t expect me to treat you as being capable of thinking things through effectively at the moment, ok?”
Chris caught the stern look on Carl’s face and suddenly became aware of how he was acting. “So where to then, boss?”
There were few options. Carl barely knew this area of Israel, but his military past did at least provide one way out. “A long time ago, we used to run Sunni separatists across the border, about fifty kilometres from here. If we can get there, and the route is still unblocked, it should be relatively simple to get across. We just need a form of transportation.”
“Couldn’t we go see at the local store if anyone has a car for hire?” asked Justin. “This place runs like a Western town, right? So we treat it like one.”
Justin’s innocence of thought was sometimes a little irksome, but Carl knew at other times it was just what was ordered. This town was setup, just as Paul told them, to be a model Western town. If they treated it as such, no one should suspect a thing.
“I think Paul said it was down here.” said Justin, pointing down a side street.
“By all means. Lead on McDuff.” said Carl.
“No problem.” said Justin, hitching the duffel over his shoulder.
“It’s Lay on McDuff, not Lead on.” said Chris, as he set off after Justin with the stunned Louisa. “Just thought you should know.”
Carl shook his head. Chris could be an irrational, bullish, extraordinarily irritating mass of steaming hormones from time to time, but he could not stay angry with the man. Many times when they were stationed together, he found himself wanting to punch Chris in the face for the way he was treating those around him. He soon learnt that listening to anyone else’s point of view, even for a split second could be fatal in his line of work. Due to this, Chris’ personality developed toward the narcissistic and away from the altruistic. Carl was sure he was one of the only people who came close to knowing the man behind the bark. 
The group walked up the street and followed the neat, dual-language signposts to the local store. It sat in a row of shops, almost transplanted from any American town, behind an orderly car park. The store was open, but through the large glass screen that made up its exterior it was clear the shopkeeper was its solitary occupant.
Leaving Chris with Louisa, Carl strode inside, adorning his best, fake smile.
“Good morning, sir.” said the shopkeeper, as soon as Carl walked into the store. “What can I do for you today? Are you new in town?”
“We are indeed. We’re inspectors, come to take a look at the safety measures you have around here.” said Carl, trying to keep his voice authoritarian and remove the hints of locality from his southern accent.
“Oh, I did not realise the store needed a safety certificate. I’ll have to check with the owner, I’m just his brother, helping out whilst he…”
“We don’t do small stuff like stores.” said Carl, laughing. “Actually, we came here yesterday and were promised a vehicle would be ready so we could begin our inspection, but we’ve been waiting all morning and nothing has arrived. We’ve only got two days to complete and we’re in a hell of a rush, as you can imagine. We were wondering if you knew of anyone who would be willing to hire us a vehicle for the afternoon, until ours arrived, so we could make a start. We’d be willing to recompense the individual well for doing so, with five hundred dollars.”
“Five hundred?” said the man, raising an eyebrow.
“It will all go on expenses, so I don’t care!” said Carl, inducing a laugh from the shopkeeper.
“You can borrow mine, if you would like.”
“That is very good of you, sir. I would be happy to leave my passport with you so you know I will return.”
“I accept your offer.” said the man, holding out a hand.
“Then we have a deal.”
“It is parked to the right of the shops. It’s the silver Toyota.”
“Thank you, sir. I will have it back with you by this evening.” Carl said, as he walked back outside and motioned toward their new conveyance. 
When they arrived at the car, he got into the driver’s seat and Justin climbed into the passenger’s side.
“That was easy.” said Justin.
“It’s amazing what you can do with a little cash. Now, we just need to make a quick stop at that solar station Paul told us about and see if we can get some supplies.”

-

As he watched the group disappear, the shopkeeper picked up his phone and dialled the number on the bottom of a picture faxed through that morning. “Hello, is that the American Consulate?” he asked, waiting for a reply. “I would like to claim the reward you are offering on information regarding the whereabouts of Carl Walters. I know where he is currently located and the registration of the vehicle he is driving. Yes, I’ll hold.”
 





Chapter 43


Akhenaten stood in the entranceway of the Tabernacle, a baying crowd of priests before him, and pondered his next move. There was so much to do and so very little time. Smenkhkare was still in an exalted position, and he knew he needed to find a way of undoing it. 
Invoking ancient rules regarding the plotting of his followers in their attempt to dethrone him had led to the execution of the leaders of each of the groups that made up his flock. It was clear some were not involved, but that did not matter. Killing them publicly reinforced his power. Besides, as he explained to the masses at length, not to protect their leader was to be against him. However, it was still painfully clear that the powerbase in the camp had not really changed. The people still followed their traditional leadership, and not he.
As he watched the swathe of priests bow and chant, a new plan began to form. Perhaps the staves of Iunu, the ones recovered by Yehoshua could be used to coerce the younger priests into following him unquestionably. He cracked a warped grin as he thought. He would use man’s inherent greed against itself. 
“Children of Israel.” said Akhenaten, his voice carried far on the morning breeze. “Your God has spoken to me and urged me to release my brother so he might continue his works amongst you.” At his proclamation, the crowd roared their approval and cheers went up to Israel. “He also decreed there will be twelve great tribes of Israel formed. Each leader will receive one of the staves of Israel as a symbol of his power over his people. Israel has said that any man can put himself forward for acceptance as a leader, and age shall not be a consideration in the choosing. Thus is the will of Israel, and thus it shall be done. I shall be here, at the entrance to the Holy of Holies to hear the petitions of those who deem themselves worthy tomorrow morning.”
A deathly silence descended over the crowd punctuated only by light whispers and shocked awe. Over the silence, to the right of the crowd, a voice came calling out for people to separate. As the group of guards moved through the crowds, it was clear they were dragging someone with them.
“This man was found on the edge of our camp.” said one of the guards, as he threw Badai to the ground at Akhenaten’s feet. “He seemed to be collecting sticks and walking with his herd. However, his intention was actually to ask about the Tabernacle and the priests of Akkad.” 
Akhenaten glared at Badai, who looked back at him through tearful eyes.
“I am but a simple goat herder.” Badai said, fearing the worst. “I meant no disrespect. I have not seen so grand a tent in all my travels. I only wanted…”
“Silence!” Akhenaten said, drawing the attention of the crowd as he turned and smiled at Smenkhkare. “This man has been found walking the edge of our camp on the Sabbath. My guards say he was working; herding his flock and collecting sticks for a fire. What does Israel say about working on the Sabbath?” The crowd was silent, a murmur of apprehension transmitting through its core. “I ask again, and all those who fail to respond shall not be considered for leader of the tribes. What does Israel say about working on the Sabbath?”
“He says it is not permitted by law.” said a young priest, at the front of the crowd. “That we must respect the Sabbath and keep it holy for our generations. That we may only use the time he has spared us from our labours to rejoice in his love. To act as he did when he created the heavens and earth.”
Akhenaten had found his first, true ally. “You are wise, young man. What is your name, priest?”
“Gal’math, son of Jacob.” said the priest, backing off slightly as Akhenaten approached.
“Hear me, Children of Israel!” said Akhenaten, raising his hands. “The first of your new leaders has been chosen. From now on, Gal’math shall be known as Ra’a Ben, son of Jacob, leader of the house of Reu’Ben!” The crowd cheered as Akhenaten turned back to the man and kissed him on both cheeks; a sign of respect far beyond a bow. “And Ra’a Ben, son of Jacob, what is the punishment demanded by Israel for none conformance with his law on the Sabbath?”
“It is death by stoning.” said the priest, a sudden hatred welling in his eyes.
“No!” said Badai, holding up a hand. “You cannot! I do not know of your laws. I know not of this Israel, or of the rule of the Sabbath of which you speak. Surely you can see I am innocent!”
“No one is innocent who is ignorant of the laws of Israel!” shouted Akhenaten. “All those who oppose Israel, or do not conform to his laws shall be destroyed! For, is it not written that Israel is a mighty God, and a jealous God? A God of war!”
The crowd began to cheer and chant for Israel, a sickening bloodlust descending where once was only the request for pardon of a spiritual leader.
Badai shuffled across the ground unsure of what to do, as the priests began to pick up stones from around their feet. “Help me, please!” he said, turning to Smenkhkare. “I do not deserve to die for collecting firewood. I am not of your kin, it is a misunderstanding. There was no way I could have known I was breaking your laws. Please, I beseech you, have mercy upon me. Surely your God is merciful.”
Smenkhkare looked at Yehoshua who tapped the knife on his belt to reinforce the penalty for speaking up. He turned back to Badai, as stones began to be thrown, a stray tear trickling from his eye as he watched the crowd mete out their vile fury.
The priests, a few hundred strong, stoned Badai to death far quicker than smaller groups would have, but it was still a cruel end. 
At first Badai tried to curl into a ball, but as the rocks increased in size and smaller bones began to crack with the impacts, his resistance began to wane. Soon, stones were crashing into his skull, each one opening greater and greater wounds in the soft flesh of his scalp, and slowly pulverising it. 
Such was the ferocity of the assault, the crowd continued to stone Badai’s corpse well after he drew his last breath. By the time the last rock was thrown, there was little left other than a sopping mass of twisted flesh. Once done, the fever of the crowd dissipated, its lust sated, and the priests dispersed back into the camp.
Akhenaten strode up to the entrance to the Tabernacle, his pride in his accomplishments evident for all to see, and appraised Smenkhkare’s tear-laden face. “What happened to you, my brother? You should have been on your path to Godhood with me and yet here you are, crying for a man you have never known. It belittles our heritage to see you so.”
“I do not cry for this man.” said Smenkhkare, defiantly raising his head and calming his voice. “I cry for my brother, who has chased immortality so long he has forgotten what it is to be alive.”
Akhenaten snarled, his tolerance for Smenkhkare’s thoughts at an end. “Be gone from my sight! Be grateful I am still benevolent enough to have spared your life. Enjoy your remaining time on this firmament. Your protection will soon be as imagined as your morality.”
Yehoshua shoved Smenkhkare from the entrance and he stumbled forward into the dirt. 
“Make sure you have someone watch him at all times, Yehoshua.” said Akhenaten. “I want to know what it is he plans to do next and who he has perverted to his cause.”
Yehoshua bowed to his master and dragged Smenkhkare off to organise the details of the watch.
“Do you want me to include any of this in our story?” asked Michaenas.
“Of course!” said Akhenaten, triumphantly. “The people who read this story should know of the consequences of not abiding by the laws of Israel and the gifts bestowed upon those who do. It is important our faithful both fear and revere their God. Without reverence, we do not struggle to better ourselves for our masters, and without fear, we are prone to straying from their wishes. It is a good story, one that teaches us about our God and how best we can serve him.” 
“As you wish, my lord.”
Akhenaten went to move, his feet sinking deep into the fetid slush of blood and sand around Badai’s body. With the ceremony he was planning yet to come, some measure of orderliness needed maintaining. “You should organise for the corpse of this heathen to be burnt. I do not want to see the body or any sign of what occurred here when the new leaders arrive tomorrow morning.”
“Your will be done, my lord.”
Akhenaten watched Michaenas retire to his tent, to make the latest amendments to his work. He was not as skilled in storytelling as Hur and the story since the events at the mount suffered because of it. However, he was sure no one would notice the change in author, as enraptured as they would be in the worship of its words. 
As soon as he selected the twelve leaders, he would allow the priests to organise watches and ceremonies, performed in the copy’s presence. He may then have the priest’s full support, and thus the adoration of his entire army.
It was early the next morning when Akhenaten received news of the attack during the night. He listened intently, as Michaenas relayed the assault of the Amalekites upon the outer edge of the encampment. Just as he predicted, they attacked their weakest area; the ostracised region belonging to what remained of the Akkadian priests and those loyal to them. He laughed, as Michaenas recounted the eradication of almost all of the remaining Akkadian men.
The ceremony that followed passed without incident. Akhenaten chose the men who would become the leaders of the tribes, one from each of the major areas from which his makeshift alliance came, and every one given a ceremonial stave. He allowed them and their chosen priests to enter the Tabernacle, to see the copy of Ark, making Michaenas go through the laws that Hur committed to writing regarding its worship. Finally, he gathered all the new leaders and their head priests together in the clearing outside the majestic tent.
As Akhenaten looked out over the assembly, he felt sure the war for the hearts of his people was finally over. He could tell from the doting looks on their faces that this group of men would not be as prone to questioning his wishes as the others. He felt certain these men would defeat the last of the sons of Amalek and gather their stashes of Havilah gold. All too soon, it would be time to attempt the transference again. 
Before Akhenaten could begin his well-prepared speech, cries of distress began to rise in the distance. Just on the outer edges of his vision, he caught the form of Miriamne. She was charging up through the camp at the head of a throng of armed men, slaughtering all who stood in her way. 
“Go, my chosen!” Akhenaten said, gesturing to his assembly. “Get your servants and fight for your God! We are beset by the unfaithful and must defend our sacred ground!” 
As the men scattered to get help, Akhenaten slowly removed the staff from his belt, its power almost spent. He knew in the battle to come that he must rely upon the abilities of uraeus much more. 
The uraeus was a strange item. It almost spoke to its master when activated, clasping at the fringes of consciousness, and longing to be understood. When its power was unleashed, it was as if something was slowly draining from its wielder. In its place, a sickening chill taking hold.
Akhenaten curled his fingers around the objects, feeling their power surge through him. As he looked out at the battle drawing ever closer to his position, he knew only one thing: The final rebellion of his people had begun.
 





Chapter 44


The car sped down the deserted road at pace, trailing dust behind it in a thick cloud. Carl followed the main road to the border crossing as far as he dared, before turning off and heading along a dirt track, which wound its way along the border.
Louisa came round a few hours back. She looked out of the passenger window, calming her troubled mind by gazing at the sights whizzing by. Chris had informed her Ishmael was not dead, but still the thoughts of her actions would not let her be. 
Louisa took the Hippocratic Oath. She was supposed to protect life, to preserve it at all costs, not take it. Surely, she had only acted on impulse, protecting the group from a man who was threatening to hand them in to the authorities. However, that notion gave her little comfort. She held the gun, felt the recoil, and saw Ishmael collapse to the floor. She pulled the trigger. If Ishmael had not survived, she would be a murderer.
Louisa wanted to be alone. She wanted to cry. Neither was likely to happen. Only if she survived this could she make amends for her actions. Her self-pity would have to wait.
As Carl started to climb a hillside, he pointed into distance. “The Egyptian border runs the length of the mountain range to our right. On an evening, the view from up here is one of the most beautiful sights in the world.”
Louisa expected the border of two enlightened countries like Israel and Egypt to be a virtual one; a line on a map with the odd border crossing placed on the main roads connecting the major cities. She was not expecting a raised mound of dirt, topped with barbed wire. “Is there a lot of trouble?” she asked. “I mean, you wouldn’t have all this for no reason.”
“There used to be.” said Carl. “Now it’s here mainly to keep African nationals from finding an easy route into the Middle East. Tens of thousands were crossing the border into Israel at one point. When I was here last, in the early nineties, I was assisting the Sunni in Israel find a way into Egypt, back when the tensions between the two countries were still at their peak.”
The car continued down the road, before stopping on the crest of a large, dome-shaped mount by the side of an abandoned checkpoint. 
Carl pulled in next to a horribly rusted, counterweighted barrier. “Get your things, we’re on foot for the next six miles or so.” he said, getting out of the car and leaving the keys in the ignition. He walked to the side of the road and began untying a length of semi-rotted cord from a spike next to a badly battered guard hut. One end of the rope attached to the spike and the other disappeared under the barbed wire and off the sheer edge of the hillside. 
“What’s the deal?” said Chris, watching Carl intently.
“Spot of afternoon abseiling. You think you can manage that?”
“How far are we talking?”
“About seventy feet down to the cave system that feeds the Ein Muweileh spring and then about six miles through the mountain to the village of Quseima in Egypt. We should be able to pick up a taxi from there.” said Carl, taking the end of the rope over to the car and beginning to tie it to the axel. “Have either of you two got any abseiling experience?”
“I have.” said Justin. “As I have to keep reminding people, I am in the army.”
“Same here, military training basics, no more.” said Louisa.
“It should be easy then. Standard hand over hand, foot-guided descent. No safety, no karabiner. You both ok with that?” said Carl, happy to see the pair nod in response.
“One of us should test the weight the rope can take.” said Chris.
“I’ll do it.” said Carl, going over to the car and removing the items he procured from the solar power plant. “Only I know where the entrance to the cave system is.”
“What exactly is that?” asked Chris, pointing to the equipment.
“It’s a geophysics scanner. It uses ground-penetrating radar to give you a picture of what lies beneath the surface of the ground. It took a while and a bit of creative thinking to get it, but the guy buckled eventually.”
Chris walked over to the fence and tried to lift the bottom rail of wire. It moved easily.
“Good, I was hoping they hadn’t noticed that still needed fixing.” said Carl, as he clambered through the tight gap. 
Louisa stared out at the drop beyond the fence. It was nearly four hundred meters to the valley floor. She watched, as Carl carefully spun the rope round one leg and arm, slowly beginning to apply weight as he slid off the edge. 
As Carl descended, the rope squeaked and squealed. He shuffled his way down the cliff face, a warm updraft creating a light swaying in his position, which was more disconcerting to Louisa than the drop. 
About five minutes of careful climbing later, Carl reached the mouth of a fissure set into the rock. He lowered himself into the opening, tugging the rope to tell the others to start their descent.
Justin went next, ably reaching the cave faster than Carl. 
Louisa followed after, Chris telling her not to worry as he eased her over the edge. 
The shimmy down the rope was arduous. The strain on her muscles brought the searing pain of her grenade-powered flight back to her hip, and the blood pumping through her veins made the bruise on her head pound. The updraft blew around her, taking away her footing occasionally and making her progress slow. More than that, it lifted the sweat from her clothes and blew it into her nostrils. She smelt awful; again. 
The heavy smell of guano and stagnant water met her, as he drifted lazily in front of the opening. Its rancid odour and pungent acidity making her eyes water, as she eventually reached the floor of the cavern.
The cave system’s entrance looked like an enormous axe wound in the face of the mountain, which opened into a large cavern descending into the depths of the mountain. High over their heads, thousands of bats and birds nested in the pockmarked roof. 
Once everyone arrived, Carl took a flashlight from Justin and began to move, hopping between rocky outcroppings to avoid the guano that lay, feet thick, in the centre of the cave.
“This place smells worse than I do!” said Louisa, holding a hand across her mouth and nose.
“I wasn’t going to say anything.” said Chris, with a smirk.
“I’d forgotten how bad it was, sorry.” said Carl. “Just try to stay close. Some of the passages are difficult to traverse and depending on how much water has fallen in the hills recently, some of them could be flooded.”
The next three hours were a gruelling mix of fear and exertion. True to Carl’s words, the cave system was complex and difficult, especially in the limited light thrown out by the pair of torches. A number of times, they stopped and retraced their steps, Carl’s memory of the layout not what it once was. 
Eventually, sodden and hungry, they reached a large cave near the base of the mountain. A snake of water ran through it and droplets of moisture dripped from the high ceiling. The cavern was serene. A palpable silence hung in the air, which allowed the liquid gurgle of a stream to echo through it as it meandered through the chasm. From ahead of them, through another small opening, a strange glow emanated out, twinkling against the walls. It shimmered and danced, throwing arcs of gold across the space.
Carl turned off his torch and motioned for Justin to do the same, as the group stopped and peered at the ethereal spectacle before them. “I always loved this part of the trip.” he said, as the light playfully wound up and down the walls.
“What is causing this?” asked Louisa, amazed by the dazzling display of nature laid out for her pleasure.
“The exit to the outside is just through that opening, on the far side of here. It’s where all the water collects into a pool before pushing into the outside world. What you can see is sunlight that has travelled along the water from the spring’s mouth. It follows the flow like a fibre optic cable, released when it reaches the pool in the cave beyond.”
“This almost makes the entire trip worthwhile.” said Justin, gazing at the view. 
“Almost, kid.”
They stood in silence for a few minutes, before Carl turned his torch back on and began to pick his way across to the exit. 
Arriving at the far end of the cave, a five-foot gap in the rocks sat at the stream’s end. The surface of a pool glowed brightly through the semi-circular opening, casting out its otherworldly glow.
“Don’t mean to point out the obvious, mate,” said Chris, stooping over to look into the chamber, “but there’s absolutely no exit out of there.”
Carl smiled and pointed down through the limpid pool to the source of the light.
“You’ve got to be joking! How far?”
“About twenty feet. It loops under and then resurfaces below a ledge by the side of a stone trough. There’s a small oasis fed off the outflow. We usually did this at first light so as not to raise any alarm, but it will be the middle of the afternoon now.”
“I’ll go.” said Louisa, glancing at Chris. “Junior swimming champ. Give me a moment to get ready.”
“I’ll help Justin prep our electronics.” said Chris, reaching into his pocket and taking out a dustbin liner. 
“Remember Louisa,” Carl said, helping Louisa into the chamber, “it’s down and then back up. You should be able to tell where the exit is by the change in temperature above you, but as you can see the pool is well lit so you shouldn’t have much of an issue seeing your way.”
Louisa paused, taking in the sights around her. Was she being foolish? Only time would tell. She took a long lungful of air and jumped in. 
To her surprise, the water was strangely warm, and momentarily made her regret not asking for a bar of soap to take with her.
The pool sank down about eight feet and through the crystal clear waters she could easily make out a narrow shaft weaving toward the outside world. 
She moved quickly, taking care not to snag her clothing on the rocks, the water getting slowly warmer, as she headed into the light. With one last effort, she broke the surface and stood up. Taking a deep, gratifying intake of breath, she wiped her hair back into a ponytail as the searing heat of the afternoon sun removed any lingering chill from her bones.
As her eyes began to adjust, she realised there was a man surrounded by goats not three feet from her. He was wearing a black, traditional Egyptian galabeya, and a dark, cord-bound headdress.
“Hi.” Louisa said, extending a hand and trying to break the moment. “Nice day for it.”





Chapter 45


Word of the conflict reached Smenkhkare almost as soon as the noise of the onrushing battle. He tore from his tent and charged into the open. Outside, the two guards assigned to watch him lay dead and a flank of sympathetic warriors led by his compatriot Galil awaited him. 
“What is happening?” Smenkhkare asked, as he was ushered round one of the many small disturbances raging all over the camp.
“Miriamne has returned and is leading an assault on the Tabernacle. It is our last chance to rescue the artefacts, my lord.” said Galil, as they ran at full tilt through the carnage. “We are beset on all sides by our enemies and have but a few thousand men. If we do not succeed quickly, we shall not succeed at all.”
Smenkhkare’s heart skipped a beat. Miriamne was not dead. “Who is with her?”
“Korach and the last of the Akkadian warriors who escaped the purges of Akhenaten, my lord. He is a strong and brave leader, well versed in the tactics of his enemy.” 
As they came out from behind a row of tightly packed tents, a group of several guards loyal to Akhenaten met them. Instantly, their escort moved to engage the group, allowing Smenkhkare and Galil to continue unhindered. As they turned again, drifting around yet more bloody pockets of fighting, they spied the hulking Tabernacle.
“Did you bring what I asked?” said Smenkhkare, through tired lungs.
“I did indeed, my lord.” said Galil, handing over a small collection of jewellery and a knife. “It is all we could gather in the limited time we had.”
“You have done well, Galil. My brother possesses the artefacts, but he is a novice in understanding how they work. This should assist us in turning the tide.”
As Smenkhkare ducked between larger tents and entered the square in front of the Tabernacle, fighting was all he could see. He scanned the sea of faces, desperate to find his wife amongst the multitude.
After only a few moments, he found her. Miriamne and her forces were no more than fifty strides away, battling hard against the growing number of reinforcements streaming into the area. Yehoshua’s forces formed a circle to protect Akhenaten, who stood in the Tabernacle’s entrance. He was wielding the staff and the uraeus, indiscriminately using either on all who came close.
Smenkhkare dodged between outcrops of fighting, trying to get to the position Miriamne held in the centre of the battle. As he ran, an Akkadian almost double his size erupted in a brilliant orange glow. He twisted toward the blast and could see Akhenaten looking directly at him. He ducked low, trying to get out of sight, as another blast ripped apart a warrior in front of him. He instinctively tucked into a roll as he continued forward, crashing through the embers of the man. As he stood, another bright flash engulfed Galil and sent his flaring ashes spraying out over the crowds. With no time for remorse, he careered onward, crashing through the knife play of the men around him. Occasionally, another hapless combatant would explode in brilliant fury, as Akhenaten levelled off blast after blast.
Miriamne twisted from her fighting and glanced over at him with a smile that warmed his heart and quickened his step. They would defeat his brother together.
With no more than ten strides left to bridge, the ground began to rock underneath Smenkhkare’s feet. It started as a tremor, building to a crescendo that knocked people off their feet and flung others through the air. 
Smenkhkare was trained in the balance disciplines required for display riding, but still found his footing unsure as the ground heaved and swayed. He frantically looked toward Miriamne, as a deep chasm opened in the ground between them. The sheer drop fell into eternity. Searing flames boiled out of the fissure, as men, unable to hold their balance, toppled into the massive pit. They flailed and screamed as they fell, their bodies incinerating. All around him, cracks began to appear, swallowing entire pockets of fighting. He looked back at Miriamne. For an instant, he fell into her distant gaze, his pain drifting away and the sounds of the on-going horror melting to nothingness. A deep feeling of understanding washed through him, as a fire of purpose descended like a wall across her eyes. He smiled, more out of pride than hope, as she turned and began to sprint toward the Tabernacle.

-

Miriamne was a skilled warrior and a trained acrobat. She glided toward the Tabernacle with an elegance befitting her short-lived status as Queen of Egypt. She bounded, gracefully leaping over the cracks in the ground and easily avoiding the attentions of those who attempted to prevent her progress. 
Miriamne reached Yehoshua’s wall of men at a canter and sprung at the lead guard. She feinted to strike the man in the face, as she barrelled down. As his arm lifted in protection, it exposed his side. In an instant, she changed the angle of her attack, thrusting her knife sideways and plunging it deep into the man’s bowel, piercing one of his kidneys. Withdrawing the knife, she placed a foot against the man’s hip and somersaulted over him, as he collapsed behind her. She sidestepped the next guard’s clumsy attack, as she began to move forward again, dodging first left and then right, the guard faltering in his stride. She ducked low, twisting her body sideways, and rolling through the dirt, as another warrior flashed a sword above her. Another two guards charged and Yehoshua ran at full tilt, a brass-tipped spear held out in front of his body. She headed straight for the guards, stopping dead and dropping to the ground when almost on top of them. Yehoshua slammed through the gap and plunged his spear straight through the chest of one, as the other struggled to halt his momentum and clattered into his general, sending the two of them crashing to the ground. Righting herself, she could see Akhenaten just a few strides ahead. This was her chance. She leapt into the air, hurtling toward her father, deathly intent in her eyes.

-

Akhenaten watched as Miriamne approached, all his effort placed into continuing the onslaught he was driving from the uraeus. Somewhere in the back of his mind, the uraeus continued to fret against his consciousness. It itched at the edges of his thoughts as he utilised its abilities. Miriamne closed fast, guard after guard failing to stop her, and for a moment, his fear took his concentration away from the artefact. 
The switch in focus gave the uraeus all the opening it needed. It deciphered the code of his language, erupting like a volcano in his mind. 
Akhenaten froze, numb to the world around him as the uraeus delivered him its knowledge. In the blinking of an eye, it showed him his Gods. He saw the land of his ancestors, as if from above, the mountains on its borders capped with snows. The snows melted and a lush garden grew in its fertile valleys. His Gods arrived, building their towns and cities as their children played in verdant fields. The population grew, flourishing in the abundant lands they found. He heard their language, saw their writings, and listened to their music. Filled with amazement at the unfolding joys of their existence, he was horrified when the images began to sour. Without warning, the snow caps returned to the mountains. The crops in the fields began to spoil. The sea retreated from the shores, leaving the fragile civilisation’s fishing boats stranded and useless. It began to rain so hard the mountains themselves began to wash away. Landslides, like giant cascading downpours of death, rolled off the hillsides and destroyed farmlands and outposts. Food became scarce, the ground no longer capable of supporting crops. Still it rained. Eventually, the great cities, vulnerable by the sides of the overflowing rivers, became swamped and slowly eroded. He saw bodies floating in the waters. He saw mothers cry for lost children, as fathers desperately tried to save possessions. The last of the crops finally disappeared, as the downpour continued, the people evacuating their lands and deserting the remnants of their towns. He saw the elders, those known to him as the Elohim, gathering the Ark and the artefacts. They began construction on the Great Monument and the Great Protector, as the waters swirled around the plateau, codifying their knowledge in the intricate constructions, every angle, line, and alignment, a delicately proportioned attempt to capture their understanding of the stars. When it was nearing completion, he saw the Ark placed in the security of the storage chamber at its heart. When the final stone, the majestic Ben-Ben was placed atop the structure, the elders and the last of the people boarded twelve massive boats. As the waters rose, they were lifted to the shore, before dispersing to the four corners of the world. He saw the shattered land begin to dry and the desert encroach upon the once fertile valleys. Slowly, the waters at the coast returned and a less-advanced civilisation entered from the south. With a sudden chill, he realised the new civilisation was his own.
As its final gift, the uraeus taught him about the source of its power and about the Ark. With a foul indifference, he finally knew everything he needed.

-

Smenkhkare watched, as Miriamne flew through the air toward the vacant expression of her father, the knife she carried held high above her head in preparation for the strike. He watched as his brother’s hand, the one bearing the uraeus, twisted sideways with impossible speed. With horror, he saw a golden jet of light shoot from its tip and strike Miriamne in the chest. She yelled in pain, the energy contained bristling over her skin and grasping her motionless in the air. 
“Not I think today, my daughter.” said Akhenaten, with unbridled joy. “For today I am as a God!” 
The bolt continued out from Miriamne and began to zigzag its way between the surviving men in the plaza, friend or foe, each splaying out their limbs and howling with delicate agony. 
“Today you all prepare your master for Godhood! Your sacrifices will be noted down for the generations!” 
The bolt struck Smenkhkare in the chest and took the wind from him. It sent a wave of shock through his body, which removed all but the basest thoughts from his mind. He struggled, desperately trying to hold on to his failing consciousness, as he fought through the pain. He dragged the Havilah gold from his pocket and tried to move his hand to the shaft of fire that pierced his soul, the extremity seemingly weighing more than his body. A tear trickled down his cheek when he saw Miriamne. She was as good as dead, her skin cracked and lifeless. With horror, he saw his own skin was beginning to wither, as he gave one last effort and plunged the gold into the stream.
The explosion ripped through the congregation before the Tabernacle with almighty force. The shockwave blasted down the tents surrounding the plaza, flipping men through the air. The discharge rippled back to Akhenaten and tore the uraeus from his grasp, sending it scuttling down into the silt and flinging him backwards.
Smenkhkare slumped to his knees, his body broken and his flesh seared to within an instant of death. Around him lay the charred remains of thousands of men. Some still moaned lightly and yet more attempted to right themselves from where they lay. Yet, even through the pain and suffering that enveloped his world, he could only focus on one thing, Akhenaten. 
Smenkhkare stared at his fallen brother, his hope finding a singularity of thought upon a lone prayer: Do not rise. 
He slumped forward, as Yehoshua stood up and began to stumble over towards the prone form of his master, fear wracking his face. Holding on to the last fleeting embers of his existence, Smenkhkare’s mind filled with a deep hope his brother’s tyranny was finally over. 






Chapter 46


It did not take Carl long to find a taxi rank. As it turned out, there was a fortress the locals thought was one of Solomon’s not far from the oasis, and most of the tourist that came here did so outside of the normal coach tours frequenting the region. 
The drivers were shocked when four, soaking wet Westerners turned up and asked for a lift, but three hundred dollars changed their tunes, and soon they were on their way.
The taxi tore along the empty road toward Cairo, its windows open and its air-con shut off to ensure the parched desert breeze dried their clothing.
“Everything still working as it should, kid?” asked Carl, as Justin looked over their electronics.
“I think so.” said Justin, turning the drives in his hand to check for water damage.
“Last thing you guys need is to lose all your evidence. When this thing is over, someone is going to need to see that you’re innocent.” said Carl.
“So why are we heading to Cairo, Carl?” asked Chris.
“It’s all about the numbers that are repeated all over the Bible?” said Carl, crossing his fingers contemplatively.
“Three, four and twelve.” said Justin, beaming.
 “Correct; twelve tribes of Egypt, twelve apostles, twelve brothers of Joseph, twelve signs of the zodiac. Well the significance of twelve in those stories may have been erroneous.”
“How so? It seems like twelve is important.” said Louisa.
“That’s because I didn’t see the real message: Twelve tribes of Egypt and one Moses, twelve apostles and one Jesus, twelve brothers and one Joseph, twelve Knights of the round table and one King Arthur. You see? The story isn’t about the twelve, that’s just the way to tell if the information is related to the real story.”
“Which is?” asked Chris, irritation lining his words.
“Ophiuchus!” said Carl, triumphantly.
“Oh, that explains everything.” said Chris, losing interest.
“Don’t be like that.” said Carl, realising his dramatic style was wearing thin. “Ophiuchus is the thirteenth sign of the zodiac.”
“Thirteen zodiac signs! I know for a fact there are twelve.” said Chris, dismissively.
“It’s not always been so. There were originally thirteen, but one was removed from the pages of history about the same time as the figure we know as Jesus came to prominence, because of its similarity to the creature associated with the devil.”
“The serpent?” asked Louisa.
“That’s right Louisa. Ophiuchus translates as ‘the Serpent Bearer’. The stories are all about our Pioneer People.”
“So what did the message in the tomb say?”
“It took a while to fathom it out and I’m still not sure we’ve got it exactly, but here goes.” said Carl, removing a sodden sheet of paper from his pocket. “The ever living garden cannot be travelled to through buildings of stone. The tree is borne still in the lair of the serpent by the blue river’s edge.”
“So how does that lead us to Egypt?”
“Well, I’ve had to be creative in my assessment, but I think the ever living garden it refers to is the Tree of Life, and I think the next part is where you can find it. I struggled with the serpent reference, because it relates to the blue river, which I think is the Nile, the river that always ran blue when this was written. However, Egyptians did not worship a serpent.”
“That’s where I came in.” said Justin. “I pointed out what Carl said on the way to Jerusalem. He said a serpent was a snake with legs, and the Egyptians, to honour the God they assumed was a snake with legs, would have looked to the one creature they did have that fitted the bill.”
“Sobek, the crocodile-headed God.” said Chris, lost in thought.
“You’re right, Chris.” said Carl, surprised. “Built around two hundred BC, the temple of Sobek at Kom Ombo, about thirty miles north of the city of Aswan, is the best preserved temple to Sobek in Egypt. In ancient times it was actually an Egyptian city called Nubt, which translates as ‘the city of gold’, giving us even more links to the Ark. When it ran into disrepair, the Egyptians vacated it. A few hundred years later the Copts, the early Egyptian Christians from the first century, repopulated it, which provides our link to the Jesus tomb. The pieces fit! Somewhere underneath Kom Ombo temple is the final resting place of the Ark of Ra!”
“So how do we get there?” said Chris, suddenly interested in what Carl was saying.
“We get to Cairo airport and we get on an internal flight. It’s the quickest way.”
When the group arrived on the edge of Cairo, it was deep into the evening and traffic was painfully slow all the way to the airport. 
The airport did not run services into the night and Carl knew they were pressed for time if they were going to make a flight. He tossed the driver his bounty and headed into the check-in hall at pace.
“I still don’t see what the entire Pyramid link was that Dave was trying to get us to see.” said Justin, as they ran toward the one remaining open desk to Luxor. “Surely it would have been simpler just to tell us the end rather than the start, to save us going through all this!”
“He was just giving us the pieces he’d been unable to fit together. I mean the entire Templar’s Dollar thing had me for a while. Then we talked about…” 
Carl skidded to a halt on the tiled floor, causing his trainers to squeal against the smooth surface in protest, his mind racing. Was Justin right? Was this just an easy target? What was he missing?
Dave provided them all the information they had followed. He knew about the Yeshua tomb, and he knew about the origin of the pyramids. So how had he not been able to put that together to get to the same result?
Carl’s thoughts ran by in a blur. There was something horribly wrong with his train of thought. He watched, as Chris turned from the check-in desk and called out across the hall to him. What was he doing?
Carl did not even register someone talking. He ran through the words Dave struggled out before he died. Havilah, Templar’s Dollar, Yeshua’s followers, the twelve, never lost, disc and tablet, hidden place, don’t follow the copy, God buried him. The words flowed through his mind, as he tried to order them with his knowledge.
Dave knew all this, but needed help with its deciphering. It was given to them, so Carl could find something Dave was missing. It was logical to assume the trail did not lead to an obvious conclusion. Kom Ombo was obvious, thus it had to be wrong. There must be another explanation.
 “Mate, we’ve got to go.” Chris said, rushing up to Carl and grabbing him by the arm. “The flight is going to leave without us!”
“Why are we getting on a plane?” asked Carl, suddenly assured of his reasoning. “When we’re only a taxi ride from where we really need to be.”




 
Chapter 47


Samali led J’tan and Jethro back out of the camp and toward the safety of their cave. They arrived at the battle belatedly, not realising Miriamne was attempting to finish their task alone. They tried to reach her, but it was too late. From distance, they watched helplessly on as Akhenaten wiped out the last fragile resistance in the camp, killing Miriamne in the process. Even at the end, after the explosion that concluded the battle, they could only stare in horror as Akhenaten walked away from the carnage, seemingly unhurt.
J’tan and Jethro, noticeably shaken by the occurrences, stumbled over rocks as they were coerced back into the safety of their hiding place in the mountains, Jethro’s face awash with tears.
Samali was amazed by the actions of Miriamne. She was unsure if in a similar position, she would have acted the same way. Her bravery and sacrifice would not go in vain. Surely, the divine serpent would grant them at least that.
It took until the following morning for J’tan and Jethro to snap out of their dulled mental state. By the time the earliest flickers of orange sunlight were brushing their way across the sands in the valley, they were tucking into a hearty bowl of broth.
When they cleaned away their breakfast accoutrements, the group looked out over the camp of the Israelites. As they watched, a vast crowd gathered around the Tabernacle. Everyone to do with the uprising herded before the great tent. Soon, there were thousands massed in the confined space, surrounded by guards. 
J’tan looked at the congregation and felt a sickening knot forming in the pit of his stomach. The crowds knelt in unison, the echoing sound of bodies rubbing against cloth audible even high up on the cliff. They bowed and chanted, as figures emerged from the Tabernacle. It was difficult to tell who they were, but the glinting flashes of gold from the white speck in the centre could only be Akhenaten. 
For a while, there was silence, as Akhenaten talked to the throng in a way impossible to hear at distance. The diatribe was a long one, the dot moving agitatedly as it continued into the morning, until eventually all movement ceased.
Jethro glanced at J’tan, his face wracked with tension, as multiple flashes of red appeared and began to move through the multitudes. A great cry of terror went up from the crowd, as the serpents raced through it. People tried to escape the guards that circled the edge, every one summarily hacked to the ground. Terrified and with nowhere to go, Akhenaten’s followers were systematically eradicated. 
With a heart wrenching sadness, Samali realised some of the screams belonged to women and children. The handiwork of the Pharaoh in the Great City was appalling. She could not bear to witness it again. She turned, trying to stifle a sob, and ran back into the cave.
J’tan and Jethro watched until the end. At the finale, ten thousand, maybe more, men, women, and children lay felled in the sands. The two remained in stunned silence, as the guards began to loot the corpses of the fallen and ransack their empty tents. Without speaking another word, they silently walked into the cave and began to pack their things. 
“What are you doing?” said Samali, breaking out into tears when she saw the look of desolation on J’tan’s face. “We have failed! There is nothing more to do!”
“We will keep going until he is stopped. If it pleases the Gods, they will send…”
“Your Gods are not real! Do you not understand? No Gods are real!”
J’tan turned and grabbed Samali by the wrist, glaring fiercely at her. “It does not matter what you believe to be true or not!” he said, the force of his words catching her off guard. “All that matters now is that we do not allow those who have died at the hands of this monster, to die in vain. We owe it to ourselves, my sister, and my son to continue until we have succeeded in our goal, or we have died in the attempt!”
Samali looked into his eyes and realised he would never stop. He would continue until it was over, even knowing all his attempts would be met with certain failure. Somewhere deep within her soul, she finally understood. He was right. It did not matter what she believed. Not because there was a mission to complete, that was almost impossible now. He continued because it honoured those he loved, and she would follow him to the end, because it honoured her love for him.
J’tan caught the look that crossed her face and shone from her eyes. It lifted his sprits and removed the last granules of doubt, which clung to the corners of his soul. He reached out and gently wiped the tears from beneath her eyes, as he pulled her to him. 
Their embrace was warm and deep, their bodies relaxing with the release of tension their communion of sprit produced.
Jethro waited patiently by the side of their horses, turning his back to the pair to give them the privacy their moment deserved. He stared out at the blue sky and wondered what could be for his son if they succeeded. He wondered if the God of his fathers, the God of the great prophet Abram, truly looked down upon their actions and the thought made him pray. He had not done so for many years, working as he did in the false guise of a priest of another faith. Surrounded by those he loved, he allowed his soul to guide his thoughts. 
He prayed to his God, the great father, to look down from the starry heavens. He prayed that his Lord’s kingdom on Earth was still to be found. He prayed for his God to guide him and to allow him to do on Earth as his God did before in the heavens. He prayed for him and his family to be granted the blessing of food. He prayed to be forgiven for his transgressions and for the ability to forgive others for theirs. He prayed his family would not be tempted to turn from their path by evil intent. Finally, he prayed that he, and the two brave souls that were his companions, were given a chance for redemption.
When their communal moment was over, the group mounted their steeds and slowly trotted round the hillside. They took a longer route, leaving the mount they were on and traversing a narrow brook, before climbing the hill the Israelites camped beside and selecting a plateau not far up the eastern slope from which to plan their next move.
In the centre of the levelled space, a solitary olive tree struggled up from the parched ground, its trunk withered, and only a few barely green leaves clinging to its brackish spines. A man leant against it, his garb ripped and his head hung awkwardly into his chest.
They cautiously dismounted and began to walk toward the figure. As they closed, it became apparent that although the tunic was rough it was made of the finest linen, woven around the neck and hem with the most delicate purple and red threads.
 “Smenkhkare?” said Jethro, quickening his pace.
J’tan removed a pouch of water and one of berries from his horse, and jogged across to the fallen Pharaoh.
Jethro crouched by Smenkhkare and lifted his head, the scene so horrid he turned away to regain his composure. 
Smenkhkare’s skin hung from his flesh, as withered as the tree he was tied to. He reached round, unbound his hands from the back of the thin trunk, and allowed them to flop by his sides. 
As the rope relaxed, Smenkhkare’s eyelids began to flicker. “I… I…” he said, the words lost in his hoarse voice. “My brother…”
“We know. His retribution against those who opposed him has been visceral.” said Jethro, his voice laden with remorse.
“I am sorry… I tried…” said Smenkhkare, a tear escaping his faltering eyes and trailing down his mangled face.
“I know. My granddaughter was a fine and brave woman. I did not believe her when she said you had changed, and for that it is I who should be asking for forgiveness. I am proud to have been able to have you as a member of my family, my son.” said Jethro, bowing his head in respect.
Smenkhkare tried to smile, but his skin did not possess the malleability to reproduce the emotion, and the attempt turned to a wince, as pain surged through his crippled body.
“You should rest. Try not to move.” said Samali.
“It is too late for me.” said Smenkhkare, with a knowing look. “But it is not too late for you.”
“Of what do you speak?” asked J’tan.
Smenkhkare convulsed, as another heady blast of pain wracked his body. “You must listen to me. There…” he said, wriggling feverishly and lolling onto his side, drool beginning to issue from his mouth. “My brother… he travels to the mound of the thirteenth... it is the only place to complete… in the sight of the ruins of Jericho…”
Jethro tried to hold Smenkhkare’s head still, as he watched the agony of effort torture him.
“You must… atop the hillside… only at dawn… he can still be stopped… Forgive…” In a moment, Smenkhkare’s wriggling ceased and a peaceful look descended over his lifeless features.
J’tan placed a supportive hand on the shoulder of his father. For all the pain Smenkhkare’s actions caused, he knew his father’s beliefs meant all sins were absolved if change was made and forgiveness requested.
They spent the afternoon preparing a grave in a style traditional to the followers of Abram, placing a simple headstone in front of it upon their completion. Jethro intoned the dreams of the prophet and cast the spells of rebirth upon his simple ceremony’s end, hoping that they had done enough to secure his place in the heavens.
There, in the late afternoon shadow of a twisted olive tree, Smenkhkare, king of Egypt, finally found the peace of his people, and perhaps the eternal salvation of his God.
 





Chapter 48


The local taxis did not run after nightfall, Islamic custom not allowing them to work through the night unless contracted in advance. With nothing further to do that night, the group found a hotel on the edge of the airport and tried to get some rest.
Carl did not sleep well, waking many times. His mind continued to play the events of the past few days repeatedly, as he attempted to find a calming thought that would allow him relaxation. After hours of listlessness, he gave up and went downstairs. He drank coffee to pass time, as he flipped the note of paper he carried. His thoughts raced with everything transpired. The artefacts they still carried, walking into the Talpyiot tomb, seeing the ossuaries of the early Christians, and now preparing to enter the final resting place of the Ark. 
Carl thought about how finding it would be the greatest archaeological moment in history. Not the pitiable, religiously inspired, token copy created to placate the Israelite priests, but the real one. He thought about the people who created it and about what may have happened to them. His gut instinct was to call them Philistines; the name used in the Bible for the ancient race of seafarers Abraham, Moses, and the other patriarchs of the Old Testament encountered on their travels. 
Carl knew many scholars would challenge him on that belief, but they would be wrong. There were two sets of Philistines mentioned in the Bible, not one. The second group most likely stole the name from the first, as one civilisation existed nearly eight hundred years before the founding of the other. 
Carl knew there was but one man in the Bible who could conceivably be the source of the information for these people. Ophiuchus could logically be just one man, and he could still be alive. He was close to not only finding the Ark, but also shaking hands with one of its creators. The world’s only immortal; a living, breathing member of a lost civilisation.
Carl’s mind continued to wander, as time drifted lazily by, coffee after coffee imbibed in the complete stillness of enraptured reasoning. 
Carl was so lost to his thoughts he never noticed Justin and Louisa join him at the table until after their breakfasts arrived.
“That smells good.” said Carl, snapping out of his thought induced coma.
“Back with us, are you?” said Justin, tucking into his Eggs Benedict.
“Sorry, I’ve been thinking.”
“Yeah, we know.” said Louisa, pouring herself a large glass of fresh orange juice. “I’ve said hello twice and we’ve been at the table five minutes.”
“Oh, really sorry. Obviously musing a little too much.”
 Chris walked down and looked at his watch. “This has to be a first. Quarter to five in the morning and I’m the last one up.”
Carl laughed heartily, as a server took his breakfast order. “I was always last up at reveille. I’ve done more sit-ups in my time for not being able to get my fanny out of bed than I can count!” 
The group shared small talk as they ate, their once dour mood lightened. Justin looked refreshed are raring to go, and Louisa’s clean skin and neatly tied hair belied her enjoyment of the bath she had craved so long.
After they finished eating, Carl bought enough water for their trip. Paying their tab, he made sure they had everything they needed and walked out to a waiting taxi. 
“Ihnasiyyah al-Madinah, Faiyum.” said Carl, settling into the front seat with the stolen tube of electronics across his lap. “Min fadlek.”
“Where are we heading?” asked Chris.
“The Faiyum oasis and Crocodilopolis. You might want to keep your eyes out as we travel through Cairo. On our way to the oasis, we’ll pass through the city and also near the pyramids at Giza. If you haven’t seen Egypt’s tourist attractions before now’s your chance.”
The taxi travelled through the heaving throngs of cars that drove frantically, and dangerously, through the centre of the city. Every now and again, an ancient obelisk or portion of temple reared up out of the ground between the densely packed, partially finished, breezeblock apartments, which lined every available inch of space. As the houses became newer and better constructed, a strange phenomenon began to appear. It was possible to see portions of unimaginably old, intricately carved, granite pillars used as lintels or as slabs for pathways; this seemingly innocuous act of disrespect for antiquity reminding Carl of why so little remained of the truly, remarkably ancient.
As they finally made their way to the far side of Cairo and the view cleared, Carl pointed into the distance. All around them on the horizon, as they came over the brow of the hill on which the mosque of Muhammad Ali was built, were pyramids. Tens of them lined the view, dusty piles on the edge of the world.
“How many pyramids are there in Egypt?” asked Louisa, looking out at the vista.
“Hundreds at least. People assume the Giza Pyramids are it, but they are just the most well-known.” said Carl. “By where we are heading is one supposedly built after the Great Pyramids; nearly eight hundred years later in fact. Think about the technological advances that would have been made during that time. Then realise the Pharaoh who built it tried multiple times to construct a pyramid and his best, at Hawara, is little more than a pile of boulders now. The Egyptians supposedly built trash pyramids for a hundred years, then suddenly got good at it for just three examples; then went right back to building trash. That story makes no sense at all! Get rid of the Giza Pyramids and you get a different story. Egyptians were always bad at building, or copying, pyramids. Now that’s a story that makes a lot more sense.”
Turning onto a large carriageway, they sped alongside the Giza plateau. The palatial houses of Egypt’s rich and famous lined the road, spreading out far into the desert, and gold sellers, which infected the nation by their number, nestled in every available inch of free space between them. 
Leaving the well-tended road behind, they traversed a barely driveable road meandering by the side of a filthy irrigation trough. Rats shuffled up and down the bank, drinking from the limpid waters as children played just a few feet away. Carl could see it made Louisa feel sick to contemplate the infections they must carry, sharing their only water source with such vermin.
After another fifteen minutes, the road began to widen and soon they found themselves back on a busy street, heading into a crowded town. 
“The obelisk over there,” said Carl, pointing to a black granite spire rising from a marble plinth, “indicates where the centre of the old city of Crocodilopolis was located. We’ll head through the new town and its farmlands to the ancient edge of the river. I’ll take you to where Petrie made his dig. Hopefully we’ll find what he couldn’t.”
Before long, they were leaving the verdant fields behind and driving up a slight incline, which led to a dusty plateau with a crumbling pyramid visible in the distance. 
The driver pulled in and pointed to a collection of stones on the ground. “Ihnasiyyah al-Madinah.” he said, smiling a toothless smile and holding out his filthy hand for payment.
Carl stifled a grimace, placed a crisp fifty-dollar bill in the man’s hand, and stepped from the taxi. It was at least twice as much as the fare should cost, but he was not willing to accept change from someone who had never even considered washing.
“So, you’ve brought us to an empty field of rocks.” said Chris, sarcastically. “Nice.”
“Just go find yourself a spot in the shade over there somewhere.” said Carl, pointing to a copse of trees. “You up for some hard work, kid?”
“Sure am.” said Justin, eagerly.
Carl dug around in his pocket and dragged out his last, unused SIM card. “I’ve been saving this. Hopefully it’ll still get signal here, because I need you to look up some info on the web.”
Justin started the laptop. When it booted, the phone was connected, and FireFox launched. “What are we searching for?”
“I need the diagrams made by Petrie in the summer of eighteen eighty-eight; specifically around this area.”
Justin searched through the web, even on the limited connection the phone provided at breakneck speed. He found the diagrams requested and looked at his screen in amazement. “You said there was nothing left of this.”
“There isn’t above ground. However, Petrie didn’t have the equipment we have. I also think Strabo and Herodotus did what they usually did when they were given a story; embellished ones already circulating. I’ve no doubt they honestly believed everything they were saying, but I’m also pretty certain they were just regurgitating other scholars’ work.”
“So the only eyewitnesses to the place we’re trying to locate, never actually laid eyes on it?”
“That’s right, kid.” said Carl, realising how stupid his original comment now sounded. “Nevertheless, we do have Petrie, and in him I’d stake a great deal.”
The two joked and giggled their way through most of the morning, Carl happy to spend some time in peace with Justin, even if the slowly heating desert was beginning to roast them both. Tired and in need of more water, he was glad when their labours ended and he could get into the shade near Chris just before eleven.
“We’ll need a while to process the data.” said Carl, wiping his brow. “There’s no way we can keep working out there, it’s hotter than hell.”
“So what have you been doing for five hours?” asked Chris.
“We’ve been using the geophysics scanner to make an accurate map of what lies underneath the plateau. Hopefully we’ll be able to get back some results that could show us where there is an opening.” said Justin, gulping down half a litre of water and pouring yet more over his head.
“To what?” asked Louisa, interested.
“To the labyrinth.” said Carl. “It’s the only logical place the Ark could have been stored, once I’d eliminated the obvious.”
“And how did you reach this conclusion may I ask?” said Chris, raising an eyebrow in exasperation. “Should I guess perhaps?”
Carl was tired, hot, and sweating profusely. He knew explanations were needed, but Chris’ challenging manner was not helping his ability to express his thoughts clearly. He quashed his desire to respond irritably, realising he needed to keep everyone informed. “Dave said God took him.” he said, calming his laboured breathing. “I didn’t really get my head round that until yesterday, but it’s a remark about the fact that there’s only one person in the Bible who never dies; a man called Enoch. The Bible clearly states ‘God took him’. I couldn’t get anything about the Ark to fit the reference, so I ignored it, but I was forgetting that we were talking about Moses.”
“God took him too?” asked Louisa.
“No, but the story is the only other time God gets involved in someone’s death; other than all the smiting and plaguing he does. The Bible says God buries Moses personally. Dave was pointing out that nobody knows where Moses was buried. The Bible only details the events that led up to his death, and then suddenly gets ambiguous when it describes God’s involvement in his burial. I think what happened to the Ark of Ra and to Moses after that moment was purposefully left hazy, because nobody knew what happened. Therefore, we have to assume someone other than the Israelites selected the hidden place that contains his sepulchre. The only thing we do know for sure is that Moses was planning to do something on that mountain, because in the Biblical story he gets prepared to leave the Israelites long before his supposed passing.”
“So how does that lead us here?” said Chris, emphasising his disappointment that the original question remained unanswered.
“Because the best hiding place of them all is an impenetrable maze, and this one was built for the worship of a God related to the serpent and sits on the edge of the old path of the Nile!” said Carl, suddenly aware no one else knew anything about where they were. He paused, trying to find a way of condensing twenty years of study into a single dialogue. “Kom Ombo was too easy from the text in the tomb. This is the place, I am certain. A Roman village sprang up here in about one hundred AD. Most Egyptologists argue it was workers from that village who cannibalised the site, leaving it as we find it today. There are some who even suggest they tore it down for some as yet undiscovered reason. However, after what we saw in the Yeshua tomb, we should consider the possibility they were Roman Christians, probably following the same trail we followed from Israel, searching for the Ark. Who knows? I’ll wager, when they got here, they found the site pretty much as we have, a shell. It’s just history has them as being here and that translated into them being the destroyers of the site, which they were not.”
“So you think the subterranean levels still exist?” asked Chris. 
“That’s my guess. I bet the maze is hewn out of the bedrock itself, like Petra in Jordan. All we need to do is trawl through what we’ve found.” said Carl, as he began to unpack the data. 
A few seconds of processing later, the first images began to display, hazy white blocks appearing one by one. 
“The denser the white colour, the denser the material we have scanned. So, under our feet at the time of doing this area was solid rock. We’re looking for definite shapes of black or much lighter grey.” said Justin, as the process continued.
Block after block of solid white began to resolve on the screen. Some showed lines or swirls, but the edges were not regular and Carl dismissed them as not part of the original structure. 
Eventually, when the screen was over half full, something of interest finally appeared. In one corner of the map, nearly six hundred meters from their current location, a perfect square of dark grey stood out from its surroundings.
“Is that what I think it is?” asked Chris.
“We’ll have to check it out.” said Justin, eagerly. “You want to go take a look?”
Ignoring the sweltering heat, the group left the comfort of the shade and followed Justin as he led them over to where the square was located. As they walked, they crossed a shallow irrigation channel to fields lined with corn and approached a series of ramshackle abodes.
Checking the map against Google Earth, Justin stopped a few yards from a disintegrating boundary wall made of un-tooled lumps of rock. “We’re on top of it, guys. Whatever that mark is, it’s directly beneath us.”
 





Chapter 49


Akhenaten lounged on plush cushions laid out next to a long feasting table, the food before him prepared and delivered by his followers as a sign of respect. He had spent the last few days recounting the story of their great march to their promised lands to Michaenas, ensuring its legacy for all time. It was incredible to think by first light he would complete the transformation and ascend to Godhood. He was on the verge of becoming immortal. 
“My lord.” said Yehoshua, his head bowed as he entered. “You asked that we should join you. I will return when you have finished.”
Akhenaten could see Yehoshua and Michaenas slowly backing out of the tent, and spoke to prevent their departure. “Do nothing so foolish my general. Please sit my friends and enjoy.” He patted the cushions to his side, waving the men forward. “I did not have this feast prepared for just myself.”
The two men cautiously walked over to the table and took up positions to either side of Akhenaten; Yeshoshua bolt upright, his eyes facing directly forward as if he were attempting to guard the food.
“Must I order you to partake of the fruits of our harvest?” asked Akhenaten, surprising himself with the frivolity of his words.
Michaenas was the first to move, carefully beginning to pick at the fare. Yehoshua, still clearly uneasy with the situation, bowed his head before reaching over and taking a handful of roasted lamb, consuming the delicately spiced meat with gusto.
A little while later, wine flowing and tales recounted, they were laughing and joking, talking to each other as equals. It would be the first and last time in their lives it would happen, and Akhenaten wanted to savour the simple pleasures of such commonly acquaintance.
At the end of the night, Akhenaten hugged both his most loyal subjects and thanked them for their help. As they left his tent, he wondered if they knew that by the next evening they would be leading the army themselves.
The sky was a dark hue of blue as Akhenaten rose groggily from his bed, a maidservant bringing him a jug of warm water and some honey with which to refresh. Even though he was ready, now the end was upon him he could not shake the doubt and uncertainty that lingered. What would it be like to live forever? In all his wanderings, in every single moment spent on his quest to understand how immortality might be achieved, he had never spent any time considering the ramifications of it. What would hold meaning if tomorrow was not precious? How would events unfolding in his new life be experienced when each was as inconsequential to his eternity as the last? He pushed the thoughts from his mind and strode outside. Answers would only be found in doing, never by meaningless musings. 
Already stood proud and waiting, Yehoshua, Michaenas, and their escort of guards bowed as he approached. The group exchanged pleasantries, as Michaenas went through the details of the imaginary ceremony given as an excuse for their departure.
Akhenaten found himself staring at the Ark. This box of gold, this gift from a forgotten people, would soon be his salvation. He reached into the pouch slung over his shoulder and ran his fingers over the artefacts. What were their origins? How were they made? Perhaps in his many years to come he would find an answer to those questions. 
Darkness was an unwanted companion, as the group set off toward their goal. The message from the uraeus was clear about what was required: Enough souls and first light. 
Akhenaten thumbed at the diamond-shaped container in his pouch and allowed his fingers to roll over its surface. It was not until its nature was explained by the uraeus that he realised its true value. Imbued with the energies of three times more souls than required, he reasoned he should not fear the artefacts would be ready.
This was Akhenaten’s first venture so far from his homeland. As they rounded the side of the mountain that faced Retenu, he stared into the valley beyond. Through the gloom of the slowly brightening sky, it was possible to pick out a lush plain stretching out toward the horizon. The sounds of life, multiplied by the availability of fresh water that abounded in these fertile valleys, rang out from below and filled his soul. It was a fitting vista from which to say goodbye to the confines of his existence.
When they reached the small shrine facing the ruined city of Jericho, the fragile dawn was nearly upon them. In the exquisitely polished alabaster paving, a blue granite slab with a central hollow shaped like a pyramid lay surrounded by a series of concentric circles picked out in white. Akhenaten took the diamond, the barely contained energy it possessed tickling his fingertips, and gently placed it into the slot. It fit perfectly. He ordered the guards to position the Ark behind the paving, facing the location from which the sun would rise. He carefully removed the uraeus, balanced it between the wingtips of the cherubim adorning its lid, and took a step back.
Akhenaten stood and faced the singularity on the horizon; the infinitesimally small point from which the first shaft of light would emerge and set him free. Here, finally, all that remained was the cold resolution of action that had driven him for so long. 
Emotions ran through him as his life’s memories flashed by. As the scenes played, he realised death and destruction were his companions for too long. The visages of those killed, their number into the thousands, tore through his mind. Images of family members, of lovers, and finally of innocents, each swam by and then drifted away, until finally, the only one remaining was that of Smenkhkare. 
Akhenaten laughed, as he remembered Yehoshua tying his brother to the olive tree. He could see the anger in his eyes and could almost taste his hatred. He never once thought of sharing this moment, but staring out over this valley, he wished his brother were here to see it. It would have broken his heart to realise he wasted his life for nothing. His failure to right what he saw as wrong would soon be total. 
The sun crept above the lip of the horizon and the first ray raced across the desert. As it crossed the edge of the granite slab, it began to shine from within. The diamond flipped open, and a white ball the size of an eye drifted up from its heart, hovering in the air. Casting a shimmering golden light, which smothered the surfaces around it in a billowing sea of ripples, the orb meandered lazily forward. 
Every one of Akhenaten’s senses fired, as he grabbed the staff instinctively and touched it against the uraeus, opening his mouth in anticipation of the consumption.

-

For Yehoshua, the next sequence of events happened in a blur. A guard fell to his right - Michaenas screamed - A slender foot flashed in front of his face - A whirlwind of pain exploded inside his mind - An arrow embedded in his master’s back - The cruel edge of a knife plunged through the soft tissue of his side - A flash, like the doors of the underworld tearing asunder, engulfed everything - A blackness, so deep even Horus could not have lit his way from it, enveloped his soul – Then silence - Nothingness - Oblivion. 





Chapter 50


It took a while to remove the soil from the surface of the plateau. With their task complete, Justin enjoyed a welcome gulp of water in the tall shafts of corn at the edge of their handiwork.
He knew he was tired, he knew he needed more than a few hours of sleep, but something else was wrong. He rubbed his forehead and tried to keep his eyes focussed on a single spot to coalesce his thinking. This was not simply exhaustion. His mind was irritated. Something he needed to know was fretting at him.
The last time he felt like this was at university. Sitting in lectures, he would often have revelations about things other than what was being taught. Maths answers would present themselves in programming lectures, coding solutions would come to him when engaged in technical drawing classes, and queries from his forums would find voice whilst he was listening to theses on the evolution of computing. He knew a revelation about something overlooked was on its way, but its timing was awful. He needed to focus on the here and now.
“It’s a flat surface of rock.” said Chris, deflated. “There’s no way this is an entrance.”
“I’m telling you,” said Justin, pushing all other thoughts aside, “the anomaly is right here.”
“Where?” said Chris, throwing his hands into the air to portray his frustration.
Justin went over to the centre of the exposed area. “Right here!” he said, jumping up and down. “The sensor will return any thickness of rock over nine inches thick as solid white, but this area comes back as grey, it could mean that...” 
As if on cue, the ground beneath Justin’s feet gave way with a dull crack, and he disappeared from sight.
“Justin!” said Carl, rising quickly. 
A jagged, four-foot wide hole was now visible in the ground. Through it, lit up by the midday sun, a stone ramp descended deep into the earth. 
“You see,” said Justin, surrounded by rubble a few feet down the slope, “it’s only about six inches thick. I was right.”
“Why would they not have taken the ramp all the way out?” asked Louisa, as Carl helped her into the darkness. “Why stop just before the surface?”
“I’m not sure they did. I’m really not sure this was originally closed off.” said Carl, studying the edges of the hole.
“There are no carvings of any kind on these walls.” said Justin. “Are you thinking what I’m thinking?”
“No, because writing is not something you would put on a labyrinth’s walls. You could tell where you were from what it said. I’m assuming the entire complex will be unadorned, other than certain, key chambers.”
“How are we going to do this?” asked Chris.
“We’re going to have to get creative. This place, at best estimates, is half a mile square. If all the corridors are five or six feet wide like this one, the labyrinth will be immensely complicated.” said Carl.
“No it won’t.” said Justin. “Because I’ve got a laptop and that gives me a technological edge the builders couldn’t have imagined. Hopefully, the power pack from the geophysics scanner will have some charge and so we’ll bleed that before we’re reduced to battery power. If I put this in extreme power saving mode and turn the brightness down, we might get enough hours out of it to map the place. Even Visio should be good enough.”
“You’re going to produce a flowchart of the labyrinth?” asked Chris, pouring scorn on the suggestion.
“It won’t be a flowchart as such; it will just be blocks of colour. If the walls are equally spaced at five feet as they are here, each block I place down as we walk will be a five-foot square. All we will have to do is walk around to build up a map of where we have been. Easy.”
“As long as you know what you’re doing, kid.” said Carl, not entirely convinced. “I don’t fancy our survival chances if we get trapped down here.”
“I don’t see another choice. You lead colonel, I’ll map.” said Justin.
Chris turned on his torch and began to walk into the unknown. The ramp descended for a hundred meters, before levelling out at a crossroads. They walked through corridor after corridor of beautifully carved stone, each passageway perfectly formed and smoothed. They traversed chambers small and large, with immaculately crafted pillars rising to enormous ceilings. After half an hour of hapless wandering, they stopped to catch a breath and look at the map.
“It would make sense the chamber we are looking for is at the centre of this thing. It would be the hardest point in the labyrinth to reach.” said Carl.
“I think that’s the likeliest.” said Louisa. “I play a lot of games on my DS in my off hours. I’m a dab hand at mazes in things like Zelda. If you want, I can give this a go.”
Carl looked at Chris, who shrugged, not knowing what to say.
“I say give her a shot.” said Justin, looking at the map. “No offence colonel, but we’re not getting anywhere with what you are doing.”
Louisa smiled and took a torch from Carl. She set off confidently, heading in a straight line as far as she could, before turning ninety degrees and travelling straight on again. This sequence repeated for a nearly two hours, until they arrived back in the chamber where they started. From that room, Louisa began to weave toward the centre of the box created, the limits of her map found. 
Even though the process was laborious, it was effective. Justin knew their options were being systematically reduced at a pace random wandering could not have accomplished. 
Another hour went by, before Justin informed Louisa their external power pack was dead and they were now on battery power alone, four hours at best. She quickened her pace, barely ten per cent of the structure mapped. 
Even at the increased speed, Justin realised they would barely have plotted half the grid by the time they were out of power. He decided he would set an alarm, to let them know when only five per cent of its reserves remained. That way, they would have enough time to get back out. 
As the remaining battery life ticked down, their search became ever more frantic, Justin watching their diminishing supply with increasing worry as Louisa’s method began to collapse into panic. 
Finally, the group were jogging down a narrow corridor, which opened into an immense chamber. Its high, vaulted ceiling was a good sixty feet above their heads and the light of the torch barely filled the mammoth space. Twelve colossal statues, six either side of the doorway, flanked the room like emotionless guardians. 
Carl grabbed a torch from Chris and ran over to the nearest statue. It was an incredibly intricate representation of the Goddess Hathor, the cow-headed God. On its base, below the same strange script from the Talpyiot tomb, the torch picked out a series of dots connected by lines. “Does anyone know what this is?”
“The representations are different to how they appear now, but it’s the star-sign Taurus.” said Justin, catching the strange look coming from Chris. “Yeah, I know it’s geeky, but that knowledge has just proven useful, hasn’t it?”
“How are they different?” asked Chris.
“Stars aren’t fixed in the sky, colonel. They move. In a few thousand years, the star signs we know today will look different. This must have been how they looked when the statues were created.”
“And this one?” said Carl, running to a statue of the goat headed God Khnemu.
“Capricorn.” Justin turned, looking at each of the statues on the wall; Isis, Ptah and Sekhmet, Thoth, Osiris, every one of the deities of Egypt cast with an astrological symbol. However, one was conspicuous by its absence. “Where’s Sobek?”
Carl shone torchlight to the far end of the room, as the heavily dispersed beam brushed against a doorway. As if calling them across the floor, a faint flicker of gold twinkled back from a room beyond. 
Justin’s heart almost jumped from his mouth with the thought that struck him. 
“Is that..?” said Chris.
“The thirteenth.” said Carl, as he began to sprint across the room. 
Carl was at the doorway in no time, returning to a jog, and then to an unsure walk, as he moved inside. 
Moments later Justin joined him, a wave of amazement crossing his face. 
The chamber was a fifty-foot cube of solid granite, with no other exits. Stood against the back wall was an awe-inspiring statue of the God Sobek. The sheer delicacy of the carving put anything seen before to shame. In front of the statue, a raised dais of blue stone, its surface covered with concentric circles closing to a central point, emitted faint light. To the side of the dais, a stone throne contained the desiccated remains of a human. Dressed in regal finery, the bones were elongated and bore the tell-tale marks of age. The tunic covering the body was made of fine cloth, with intricate patterns woven around the hems in bright, vivid colours, and around its neck hung a large, golden brooch. However, everything paled before the sight of the object sat in the innermost circle. 
Six feet long by a four wide and adorned with the most subtle and incredible works of gold, a magnificent golden chest dominated the room. It had a solid golden lid marked by two winged creatures, their wing tips pointed towards one another across its surface. Down its wonderfully sublime sides, rows of ideograms ran in straight lines to its fearsome feet. As light from the torches struck its surface, it seemed to magnify, and filled the chamber with an unholy, orange glow. 
Justin’s mind was a blur. He was stood in front of the Ark of Ra. Here was final, clinching evidence the organised religions of the planet were nothing more than allegories to ancient stories handed down by mortals, not Gods. 
As if attempting to break him from the Ark’s spell, the alarm began sounding on the laptop. Justin scrambled to shut it off; embarrassed he was breaking this once in a lifetime moment. All he wanted to do was ensure they left enough time to get out of the labyrinth. He remembered what it was like trying to escape their base, the air supplies dwindling, and their panic level high. 
As if something were unplugged from his consciousness, the misplaced thought bothering him suddenly came into focus. It descended on their escape from the base, the details of that morning merging with his memories, the list of individual events washing over him in a stream: The compromised security systems, the external access to the computers, the clean-up crew not arriving. Individually each was insignificant, but together they represented a pattern. He thought about the planning needed to organise the stealing of the artefacts. Horridly, disgustingly, his thoughts resolved. Only one person could have managed such a feat. 
Still dazed from the revelation, he turned slowly, almost drunkenly toward them. As he continued to gawp, his brain registered comprehension in their eyes. With a heavy swallow of fear, he saw them raise a gun, one all too close before, and point it at him. 






Chapter 51


Yehoshua did not know how long he was unconscious, but from the dryness in his mouth, he could assume it was a while. He opened his eyes to the sight of his former pupil, J’tan, staring down at him. He tried to right, but found himself bound and gagged.
“Calm yourself, Yashu.” said J’tan. “I will remove the gag only if you can promise not to start yelling. I do not need to injure you more than you already are.”
Yehoshua continued to struggle and suddenly felt the wound on his side. Pain shot through him and his focus descended on the area. Somewhere in the back of his mind was a thought about being stabbed, but he could not be certain. He stopped wriggling, accepting he was in no state to fight. He would wait to hear what this traitor said.
J’tan watched as the wriggling ceased and caught the look of acceptance crossing Yashu’s face. In a quick motion, he reached down and plucked the gag from his mouth.
“What is the purpose of this?” asked Yehoshua, through gritted teeth.
“Your master is gone, Yashu.” 
“Gone! Where to? And my name is Yehoshua.”
“I do not care what your new name is. I only wish to know what Akhenaten did here. One moment he was stood in front of the Ark and the next he vanished.”
“You killed him! I saw the arrow hit him in the back. It is all I remember.”
“If I had killed him, his body would still be here. Do you know what he was doing?”
Yehoshua glared at J’tan. He would not be saying anything further.
“He knows nothing.” said Samali. “Leave him, we still have the priest.”
J’tan went over to the unnamed man sitting by his former master’s side. 
The priest smiled, as J’tan removed his gag. “I do not know anything either. My name is Michaenas and I am my master’s scribe.”
“We are taking the Ark and the artefacts with us. You can do as you wish.” said J’tan, as he turned and began to help an old man remove the blue stones that lined the base of the temple.
“You will leave us here for the ravens to feed off?” asked Yehoshua.
“No we will not, not if we do not need to. If you accept my plan, then you will be free to go.”
“What makes you believe I will not simply return to our people, track you down, and kill you like the dogs you are.” 
“Because I know you. You are proud, and have longed for power and prestige ever since you were a student. Well, now you have it. If you leave to find your people and tell them what happened here, then maybe some would help you, but many would not. However, if you go and tell them Israel has put you in charge of Akhenaten’s army, to complete his tasks, then you will not just be the General of an Army, you will be the leader of an entire nation. So, that is why you will not follow us, because this is your chance to have stories written about you, rather than simply being included in another’s.”
Yehoshua did not respond. He thought hard as his three captors continued to work. He knew J’tan was right about his people. They were a strange and stiff-necked group, who would not hesitate to rebel again. He also knew if he could keep them together as a cohesive force, they would be a strong and powerful army. As J’tan’s group began to strap the objects to the side of their horses in readiness for departure, he looked over at Michaenas. If the man could be convinced to keep his mouth shut about what happened here, the plan could work.
“So what have you decided?” asked J’tan, his toils completed. “Are we to set you free to lead your people to whatever lies ahead or do we leave you here as carrion for the crows?”
Michaenas looked at Yehoshua and gracefully tilted his head, giving his new master all the authority he needed. 
“We have a deal, my wily old student.”
They stood after their bonds were cut, Yehoshua especially gingerly, as Michaenas offered him a shoulder to lean on. They watched, as J’tan and his contingent spurred their horses, heading away from the temple and back toward their homeland.
“We are on our own.” said Yehoshua, as soon as the group was out of sight. “Are you willing to follow me?”
“I am willing to do anything my master commands.” said Michaenas.
Yehoshua smiled, his first ally found. “Then come.” he said, boldly. “Lead me back to our people so we might tell them what happened this day, and how our master was taken by his God.”
Michaenas struggled under the weight of Yehoshua as they left the temple area; the walk back to camp would be a long and arduous one.
“Tell me, Michaenas, what happened to the great, walled city of Jericho?” said Yehoshua, staring across the valley to the crumbling ruins dotted on the distant hillside.
“Nobody knows for sure. Some say it was invaded, others say its well ran dry. It has been so many generations, there is little truth remaining in the stories that abound.”
“We may have to change that.” said Yehoshua, trying to think of a suitably embellished story to add to their book. “We must also test the loyalty of our troops, they are from many races.”
“It is a fact I know too well. We two are the last that remain of our great exodus from Egypt. Thirty score thousand have perished on our travels. It will be difficult to keep our followers in line now they bear no bond to our origins.”
“I have learnt many tricks on our journey.” said Yehoshua, as recollection formed a plan. “We shall ask all the men to undergo the passage of circumcision, just as Akhenaten did. Those who refuse, we can assume will not be loyal.”
“You are strong and wise, my lord.” said Michaenas, bowing his head.
An internally held grin, so wide it encompassed his entire soul, spread throughout Yehoshua. J’tan was right; it was his turn to write history.






Chapter 52


“What the hell are you doing!” said Carl, turning and seeing the gun pointed at Justin.
“What I was hoping I wouldn’t have to.” said Chris, waggling the gun in the air to get everyone to herd into a group.
“Chris?” said Louisa, totally dumbfounded by what was occurring.
“Enough with the doe eyes.” said Chris, pushing her into place by the side of Justin. “I’m way beyond caring about anything like that.”
“But you’re the hero.” said Justin, in shock. “It can’t be you.”
“You’ve been watching way too much television. Quick lesson for you: Heroes don’t shoot people in the face. Heroes are the guys that sacrifice themselves so that others don’t die.”
“You planned all of this?” asked Carl.
“Not all of it. I had no idea how many people would suddenly get involved, but the majority of it was me, yeah. If captain PC here was slightly less able, I could have got away without any of this.”
“You were accessing the base’s data files at the time of the system shutdown.” said Justin.
“I was testing I had the right level of access to be able to make my move. Someone must have noticed what I was doing and attempted to lock me out.”
“Linley!” said Louisa, putting the pieces together. “Somehow he noticed what you were doing. You forced his hand!”
“He thought he’d got a solid plan of his own, but as it turned out, there were more players in this than either of us thought.”
“You cancelled the clean-up crew and stood down the response.”
“No.” said Chris, baulking at the suggestion. “I just didn’t call them. Think of your climb out as a team building exercise. Nevertheless, I didn’t send those false guards to site. That threw me a little. It put my plans into overdrive.”
“You utter asshole!” said Carl, his fists clenched. “You used me for my knowledge!” 
“When I realised what was at the base, I did some research on your website. You should be proud Carl, not angry.” said Chris, his voice unnervingly jovial. “It’s very informative. I read all about the Tree of Life and about how you thought it was linked to the artefacts of the Zep-Tepi. I thought the items would lead you to where we needed to go, but I never dreamed of the journey we’d take. It was fun!”
“Don’t flatter yourself.”
“Don’t be like that, Carl. You should take some credit from all this. You see? You’re not just a loon. You were right.”
Carl was fighting hard not to charge at Chris and punch the teeth from his smug face. He felt sick. People, innumerate innocent people, had died because of what Chris had done. For what? So he could keep the Ark for himself? It was a bitter pill to swallow. One of his oldest friends was just another selfish treasure hunter.
“So what now?” asked Louisa, her barely contained disgust evident in her tone.
“Believe it or not, I’m fed up of killing.” said Chris, carefully picking his way round to the throne. “That’s what drove me to this. Having seen the terror of death up close and personal, all I have really ever wanted was a chance to dodge my own bullet, if you will. And here it is. Therefore, you may all leave. I have everything I need to escape my mortal prison.”
Carl’s mind reeled from the revelation. Dodge my own bullet. This was not about treasure. Chris wanted immortality. He wanted to use the Ark. However, to do that he would need a power source. Another thought hit him. Did he steal the third artefact? No. Where would he have hidden it on their travels? That made no sense. Yet, to utilise the Ark, Chris would need manna. So, what was he going to use? He glanced around the room, his eyes falling onto the jewellery he noticed earlier. He gulped, Chris would not have far to look.
“No you don’t. We don’t have the container with manna in it. Everything in here is useless without it.” said Justin, as Carl winced.
“I believe from the worried looks Carl is giving what my friend here is wearing, it means this thing is made of Havilah gold.” said Chris, wrenching the necklace from the skeleton. “I always assumed, especially after your wonderful explanation Carl, we’d find some on our journey. I was kind of hoping we’d get some in Israel, but we ran out of time.”
“Oh, I’m sorry man. I didn’t realise we needed it so badly.” said Carl.
“Enough, Carl! I’m not averse to changing my mind over the killing thing. One more time’s not going to change much now, is it? Leave the laptop and the bag and get out, while you still can.”
“We’ll never make it back outside without the map!” said Justin.
Chris reached into his pocket and flipped Justin a coin. “Go phone someone who cares. Put the laptop down and get out. Last chance.”
Carl grabbed Justin, took the laptop from his grasp, put it on the floor by the dais, and began to drag him out of the room.
Louisa followed behind the two, sending Chris one last, lingering look of disappointment. 
“Can you get us out?” Carl whispered, as soon as they were outside. “We don’t have much time.”
“I think so. What’s the rush?” said Louisa.
“The Bible is very specific about what happens to those who don’t approach the Ark correctly. It details many occurrences of explosions and firestorms caused by people who are not versed in its proper usage. I am certain Chris will have missed that part out of his research, because I had no reason to include its details on my website. If he triggers an explosion down here, the results could be catastrophic. We’ve got to move fast or we might never make it back to the surface.”
“It’s really the Ark, isn’t it?” said Justin, looking forlornly behind them.
“It sure is.” said Carl, staring at the magnificent golden chest one last time. “But I’m not getting buried down here with it. So let’s go.”

-

Chris stood in the room and took the uraeus and the staff from the duffel. He looked at the front of the Ark and thought about what Carl said on their flight to Israel, The Plumed Serpent. He laughed as he stepped forward. Louisa believed he was gawping at her. He was not. He was attempting to overhear what Justin and Carl were discussing, but that was as unimportant as every other thought. His destiny now lay along a different path.
Still smirking, Chris took the uraeus and placed it between the wing tips of the two cherubim that adorned the lid of the Ark. It was a perfect fit. He took the staff in his hand, feeling the slight tug of something coming from deep within it. He placed the gold in front of the uraeus and reached into his pocket for his lighter. He hesitated, waiting for the footfalls of the fools that allowed him to reach his final destination to disappear into the distance. Finally, he allowed his spirit to relax. The suffering he caused others, which had slowly ripped apart his once proud soul would soon be mended and the smell of death, which so long filled his nostrils and wracked his sleep, would be at an end. He would never have to face death again. 
Chris reached forward and lit the Havilah gold. A great plume of smoke rose as soon as the flame of his Zippo licked its surface and jets bent and sprayed into the cherubim sat atop the Ark’s lid. The eyes of the uraeus glowed like brilliant ruby fire and he could feel something happening deep within him. Instinctively, he raised the staff to the uraeus and touched it against the serpents head. 
Instantly, he realised something was wrong. A groan, like the gates of Hades tearing open issued from the Ark, as it began to writhe and rattle on the plinth. The stones beneath his feet flared into life, glowing brilliantly as he struggled to close his eyes. As if an unseen hand were reaching inside him, he could feel his very presence, the thing that made him exist, wrenched toward the Ark. At the same time, he could feel the power of the burning gold surge back and fill him with an almighty energy. With each successive loop, his ability to maintain control of his senses diminished, gut wrenching cold and the dizzying throb of nausea replacing them.

-

Louisa ran as fast as she could from the growing cacophony of noise, trying desperately to remember her path to the outside. She needed to work her way back to the chamber that was the start of her loop and then take stock from there. 
For a few minutes, she led them as effectively as she could. Occasionally, she found herself running down a dead end and having to turn back and regain her focus, all the while Carl and Justin remaining silent for fear of breaking her concentration. 
Eventually, they reached the chamber where she finished her mapping of the exterior of the labyrinth. The drone from the Ark was now a booming crescendo of blasting pulses. With their ears covered, she ran at full tilt down the corridors. Dust, eons old, drifted down from the ceiling stones and filled the rooms with fine powder. 
Louisa was beginning to struggle. She stopped in a room containing five exits and scanned each, no memory of their next move coming to mind. She turned and looked frantically at Carl, who shook his head to let her know that he was of no help. 
Justin did not seem to realise they had stopped. Louisa watched, as he continued to run toward one of the doorways, his fading torchlight barely penetrating the thick air. She shrugged, grabbing Carl by his arm and dragging him after Justin. She had to hope he knew what he was doing.
Justin hammered through the corridors as fast as he could, Louisa and Carl struggling to keep pace as he darted onward. As they turned a final corner and caught a glimpse of the ramp to the outside, the air became warmer and the heady smells of the outside world drew close. They were almost free.
Half way up the ramp, Justin stopped, removing his hands from his ears and staring down at them, as all around went deathly silent. 
To Louisa’s side, Carl waved frantically for Justin to keep moving, as everything around them lit up like the sun and then went dark.




 
Chapter 53


It took the group an entire season to make their way back to Egypt. The scenes of turmoil and devastation witnessed in its once impressive cities upset J’tan to his core. His country lay in ruins. 
Every day of their journey, J’tan expected to see Akhenaten racing over the hills toward them, leading an army to retrieve his great prize, but no such day came.
Eventually, they reached the Great City and the fertile lands beyond. Jethro insisted that this location, well known for its splendour, was the ideal hiding place. The Ark could only be trusted to Reuel and no one else.  
J’tan did not argue with the decision. All of his thoughts now revolved around Samali and her current condition. 
It was just before their final confrontation with Akhenaten that Samali informed him she had missed her cycle. From that moment, the dynamic of their small group changed. By day, Jethro would dote over her, ensuring she was never allowed to work or wait on anyone. By night, J’tan cuddled her abdomen, a light in his eyes that was both radiant and loving never dissipating, as he stroked the location of his firstborn child.
Eventually they reached the immense labyrinth. It was the most impressive building in all the lands of the Pharaoh. Its enormous maze of chambers above ground, paled in comparison to its tunnels, which wove under their feet. J’tan did not know of anyone, other than the priests who tended it, telling stories of its hallowed halls. Now here he was, walking up to its monumental façade with his father, there to hide the Ark of his Gods within its subterranean vaults.
They made their way up to the front of the labyrinth, a row of sphinxes lining the sides of the walkway. In the distance, the pyramid of the vizier stood resplendent in the late-evening sun, a mass of perfection towering high above the hillside. In the entrance of the labyrinth, an old man leant against a gnarled, wooden staff. His hair and beard trailed down to his shins and its brilliant, white colour gave it a feeling of serenity, imbuing the man with an aura of ageless knowledge. Around his neck, he wore a ceremonial necklace, which shone radiantly in the twilight. 
“Reuel, it is a pleasure to see you again.” said Jethro, walking up to the man and shaking him by the hand. “I have not seen you in many years”
“Nor I you, my son.”
J’tan looked at the two men and realised their relationship was akin to his own with Jethro; the familial name used more out of respect than any paternal link.
“And you, my dear Keeper. I feared you did not make it out of the tent.” said Reuel.
“I am still unsure of what happened. I drank the poison as did you, but I awoke to find you gone, my noble Seer.” said Samali.
“My ability to stave off death still had enough in reserve to fight off the effects of the poison. Luckily, I am versed in herbs and there was a batch of antidote in my things. I hoped I managed to give it to you in time. Apparently I did.”
“Thank you master.” said Samali, bowing.
“We have brought the Ark for safekeeping.” said Jethro.
“I was wondering when I would see it again.” said Reuel, placing a hand on the chest and calling for eight of his priests to remove it. “So we have reached the end of the journey. Come, we will make our way to its vault.”
Reuel led them through the maze of temples, the priests carrying the Ark behind them. Each room was incredible, and the artistry of its construction was grander than anything the Great City could offer. As they walked, J’tan strode by the side of the surprisingly mobile old man, his curiosity urging him to speak.
“You may ask me anything you wish, J’tan. I can tell you have many questions.” said Reuel, his voice effortlessly calming.
“When I saw you in the tent, you were dead. How is it that you still live?” asked J’tan, blurting out the first thing that came to mind and blushing with his uncivilized manner.
If any insult was to be found in his question, Reuel did not show it. He appraised J’tan, pursing his lips before he responded. “I was blessed as a young man with the power of the Ark. It has protected me ever since.”
“You mean you have tasted of the high fire stone?” asked J’tan, in a more measured tone.
“Your knowledge of the artefacts is welcoming, young one. That is correct.” said Reuel, with a light bow of respect. “I was chosen to ensure the knowledge of our civilisation was not lost. I was tasked with watching over the Ark where it lay, and was granted some of its power in order to accomplish it.”
“To be given the supreme gift of the Gods is a great honour, Seer.”
“There is no gift.” said Reuel, his voice tinged with regret. “Only sacrifice. In order for the tree to grant life, it must first take it.  The uraeus was originally made to hold the knowledge of our elders, the knowledge of my entire race. The people who gave their knowledge also gave up their lives to leave it within. However, you can use the uraeus for a darker purpose, as you have seen. If you so wish, you can ignore the storage of knowledge and use the uraeus to gather the souls of others, to avoid the inevitable, the distant pull of the eternal serpent itself. Although I can say with my hand on my heart, this gift has been more of a curse. To outlive everyone you have every loved is a torture I would not wish upon my worst enemy.”
“Then you are much older than you look?”
“Is it still considered disrespectful to ask a gentleman his age?” asked Reuel, with a laugh. “It is all right, I am much older than I appear, but my recent turmoil has reduced what remaining time I have left.”
“Then the gift of the Ark is not permanent?”
“No, it is not. For every soul consumed through the tree, you gain perhaps five summers. In order to live the life eternal, you are required to consume constantly. What we feared might happen has come to pass. The Ark must be stored away until you have outgrown your greed and can use the tree in the way it was intended.” 
“Then what is to be done with the Ark?”
“I will keep it, in the bowels of this place. It will be safe here.”
“And what of you?”
“I will remain and watch over it. It is my duty.”
“But surely you have done enough already.”
“I have done more than you can imagine.” said Reuel, as he looked skyward. The sun seemed to drift over his features as he paused, bathing in its tranquillity one last time, the skin of his face glowing with colour at the warming contact and a stray tear falling down his cheek. “I have stood on the edge of the Earth and watched as the deluge came and washed my world away. I have travelled the seas and met with the red-skinned people from the lands of Antis and the proud fishermen of Atl. I have travelled to our world’s lip and seen the birth of the nation of the great dragons from where your companion has travelled. I have traversed the snows of the north and met with the copper haired men who inhabit its hillside halls. I have seen this world from every angle and now my heart is tired and my bones are weak.” He lowered his head, and just for a second he appeared younger, a man no older than J’tan. “Do you not think I have earned my rest?”
J’tan did not know what to say. To have witnessed your society’s end. To have seen so much, but without so many, was it truly right for him to judge. “If it is what you desire.”
“Do not fret. My people’s accomplishments still stand where they were erected, all those eons ago. A people who you have met, the Akkadian’s, have even included me in their history. I have a different title, the name Enoch in those stories, but I know they are speaking of me. My journey may be at its end, but the knowledge of my people will survive. Maybe one day, man will be wise enough to remember us in a way that will show us with the respect I see from you.” Reuel turned, a sense of unbridled piety flowing from him and lifting the spirits of everyone within earshot. “Your journey however, is just about to begin.”
J’tan glanced at Samali, whose blush brought blood rushing to his own face. He nodded, as Reuel set off down the ramp and into the bowels of the complex.
They continued on, eventually reaching a hall lined with the Gods of Egypt, proudly displayed in twelve magnificent statues. Following Reuel to the end of the impressive chamber, J’tan entered a room dominated by an incredible monument to the God Sobek. To its side, a strangely decorated throne had lines of text running down its arms. 
Before J’tan could question where they were, the priests arranged the stone plinth on the ground before the statue and placed the Ark atop it. 
As the group walked back towards the ramp, Reuel handed Jethro the artefacts, waiting as they rose outside. “It is time, my son.”
Jethro bowed, stifling his emotions as he pointed the staff toward the opening. Slowly, as if it was turning to mud before them, the rocks slipped their way across the hole. Eventually, the gap sealed with a casing of stone, trapping the Ark and Reuel inside the labyrinth forever.
“It is finished. No one will ever find this opening again.” said Jethro, with a smile of gratification at his task’s end.
“Then we are done.” said J’tan. “What about the artefacts you carry?”
“They are nothing but trinkets without the Ark. I will take them back to the lands of my father, to the city of my birth. They will be buried with me there, when my time comes.”
“As you wish, father.”
“And what of you? Where will you settle?”
“We have spoken about visiting the lands of Samali’s home. She has not been there since she was a young girl. It is fitting that we should return with our child, so it may learn of its heritage and customs.”
“As you wish.” said Jethro, with pride. “There will always be a spare room for you by the ziggurat if you ever feel the need to come and visit your father.”
“Your grandchild shall come and visit you soon.” said Samali, with a gracious smile.
Jethro shook J’tan firmly by the hand and hugged him close, the release of emotion on display evident. “Come, my brothers.” he said, motioning to the priests as he turned and bowed to Samali before leaving. “We shall leave these good people to enjoy their lives. Their world owes them a debt they have yet to claim.”
“It is a long ride to my lands. Our child will probably be born on the way.” said Samali, as the caravan of Jethro departed.
“Then it will see its world and its people as it grows, and learn to respect the land on which it walks, as is its mother’s way.”
They held each other tightly as they made their way out of the temple, finding hope and solace in the uncertainty of their shared future. 





Chapter 54


Carl woke groggily; his hip hurt and blood trickled from a cut above his eye. He could remember only the vaguest of things. The frantic run from the Ark, the explosion ripping through the tunnels, being blasted against a wall, and then nothing.
Through the dimness, he tried to discern his location. He was back at the bottom of the ramp. Huge boulders and shattered stones littered the incline, blocking any escape. Dust clung in the air and only the faintest streaks of light penetrated the dark. 
“Justin? Louisa?” he said, his voice echoing as he called out.
From his side came a cough. He twisted, desperate to focus in the near blackness of his surroundings. There, pressed against a wall, Louisa lay prostrate. He knelt down beside her and checked her pulse.
“I’m fine.” she said, gasping through the choked air.
“Take it steady and give yourself a once over. I’ll try to find Justin.”
“Don’t bother. I saw him blasted out of the opening before the roof collapsed. He’ll be outside somewhere.”
Carl stared at the rubble blocking their path and sized up their options. It came half way down the slope, maybe fifty feet or more thick, and pieces of it must weigh a tonne each. There was no way they would ever get through it. “We’re going to have to find another way out.”
“I thought you might say that.” said Louisa, standing wearily to his side.
“You have any ideas?”
“From my memory of the layout, there are a few chambers that might allow us some form of exit, if the roof system has caved. If not, I think this will be it.”
Carl grimaced. One entrance to the labyrinth made sense. If they did not find another passage to the surface, their survival chances would be slim. “We’ve got to try. So, let’s make a start.” He reached into his pocket and withdrew his mobile phone. Pressing the menu button repeatedly to get the small device to continuously emit light, he set off into the black.
It took half an hour to make their way through the shattered remains of the tunnel system to the grand, five corridor laden chamber where Louisa finished outlining the maze. 
The massive room was a mess. Chunks of stone from the walls lay pulverised on the floor, and the ceiling had collapsed into a wide V shape in the centre of the room. Scrambling over the fragments in their path, they began to climb up the sloping stones. 
As they rose, Carl levered boulders out of their way, hoping each time to catch a glimpse of daylight. Stone after stone, higher and higher, until eventually, with a sigh of relief, a large boulder tumbled from a ledge and slammed to the floor below. Where it once sat, a gap no more than three feet across led out into the deepening blue sky.
Carl helped Louisa through the hole, before climbing out after her. As he walked into the cool evening breeze, he stared at the scene on the surface. For half a mile in all directions, the desert was torn asunder. Gaping wounds had appeared all over the land and jagged twists of stone now protruded into the fading sky. He did not know for certain, but he felt sure that somewhere underneath the rubble and the collapsed chambers of the once magnificent labyrinth, the remains of the Ark were now lost to time. 
Out in the distance, the wailing sirens of police cars and ambulances drifted toward them as they converged on a location a few hundred yards away.
Wanting to remain hidden, Carl led Louisa off toward the outskirts of the debris field. As they reached an isolated promontory, he caught sight of a figure being forced into the back of one of the police cars. His heart lifted when he recognised him; it was Justin. He was glad the boy was safe.
Looking over the vista, he could pick out spires of smoke rising from the villages bordering the site and realised the scale of the explosion was far greater than he imagined.
“So what now?” asked Louisa. “Justin’s been captured, the Ark is gone, and so is all our evidence.”
“Justin’s a bright kid. If anyone can prove we’re innocent, he can. I just hope he finds someone to trust.” It was still a worry to Carl that capture could mean torture or death, but there was little he could do. Justin’s fate rested with the Gods.
“And what about you?”
“I don’t really know. I’ve stood in front of the Ark of Ra and touched artefacts that belonged to a civilisation nobody thinks existed. I’m not sure what they managed to accomplish and I’m not even certain if I believe any of what I’ve seen, but I need to get the information out there. I certainly don’t want to go to my grave knowing we ruined everything again with our greed. Surely, we’re better than that as a species. Surely, we’re not the same, simple-minded, selfish, asinine bigots who travelled out of Egypt all those millennia ago. We have to have grown up in the last three and an half thousand years, don’t we? I’m not sure I can go through the rest of my life without a comfort blanket of one kind or another. With no God, I’m left with putting my faith in man, but Chris has wiped the last residue of that from me, and I think that’s a similar problem for everyone. As a species, we’ve refused to give up the God delusion because we all want what the Tree of Life or heaven offers; eternal existence. Everyone in the world can remember with total alacrity only a handful of things in their lives. We can remember where we were when we shared our first kiss. We can all remember with amazing detail our wedding day, and the birth of our first child. However, those pale into insignificance by the side of where we were when we first grasped our own mortality. At that moment, we all stop believing we are immortal and start trying to do something that will make us immortal. Having kids, writing music, teaching the young, in fact just about any driving act of creation, they are all things we use try to glean the immortality we crave. Man has made the world you see around you because he’s driven to create. Not by some unseen guiding hand, but because he’s afraid. We’re all scared to death, of death. I’m not sure if that makes any sense?”
“Not to me.” said Louisa, staring wide-eyed at Carl. “And I’m sure I’m won’t be alone in that assessment either.” 
Carl looked at Louisa and realised his response was way over the top, yet again. He cracked out into a wide grin and let the seriousness of the previous days dissolve away. 
The two laughed loudly, their mutually experienced horrors drifting away as they shared the quiet comfort of knowing their journey was at an end.
As the sun dipped below the horizon and the activity around them dissipated, they began their trek back to civilisation. As they strode away from the devastation, the light faded from the sky and the final reddish hues of day swept down into the night. 
As he walked, Carl dragged his now ruined Bible from his pocket and flipped it over in his hand. He smiled as he thought about the journey that delivered him to this exact moment, before tossing it away into the desert forever.
 





Chapter 55


The limo’s driver stared at his passenger, as a scowl drooled down his elongated features. He pulled in by the side of the road and let another ambulance scream by. Whatever just occurred, it was over, and his passenger was angry. 
The passenger slammed a slender hand against the leather-covered doorframe, as the driver moved the limo into an open field adjoining the activity. 
The taxi operator who reported dropping the group off at the airport was very specific. Even after his passenger tortured the man to ensure he was not paid to give the wrong information, the man replied with the same location, Kom Ombo. They waited at the temple, the resting-place making perfect sense of the data accumulated so far. Seven teams, each more expensive to hire than the last swiftly assembled to intercept the group at the first sign of arrival, but there was none. 
Then the second call arrived, the labyrinth of Sobek. The passenger’s world began to fall apart, the realisation dawning they were hundreds of miles away from where they should be. A jet was hastily procured and a flight taken. Even so, by the time the driver was pulling out of Cairo International in another limo, word was already beginning to circulate on the local radio about an earthquake measuring two-point-one on the moment magnitude scale in the region. 
Now it was too late. One of the passenger’s targets, Private Justin McDonald, had already been arrested on what was being described by the local media as a square kilometre of total devastation at the earthquake’s epicentre. 
According to their sources in local law enforcement agencies, it appeared all other members of his group were lost when an underground system they were exploring collapsed, triggering an explosion of unknown origin. Locals backed up the story of a great trembling in the earth, before a ball of golden fire engulfed everything. The look on the passenger’s face confirmed he knew exactly what that meant. 
With the driver still watching, the passenger picked up a handset and dialled a number ignored too often that day. After a sole ring, a familiar female voice drifted from the handset’s speaker around the back of the vehicle. “Good Afternoon. How can we assist?”
“This is no time for pleasantries.” said the passenger, with ire. “Put me straight through.”
“I’m sorry, but that is not possible at the moment. Can I...”
“I do not have time for games girl!” said the passenger, disdain coating every word. “Get off your chair, leave the room, and get Mister Morgan on the phone immediately!”
“I’m sorry.” the woman said, after an awkward pause. “There is no one here by that name.” 
With that, the line went dead, leaving the passenger confused and upset. 
Shaking his head, the driver prised himself from his seat and exited the vehicle, shutting the door with a heavy clunk. He walked a good distance from the car toward a dilapidated barn, and tugged a battered packet of Marlboro from his uniformed trousers. He turned and looked at the car, lighting his last remaining cigarette with a rusted Zippo and removed a metallic box from his jacket pocket. 
Through the back window of the car, he could see the passenger looking bemused, as he tried the handle. The driver watched the strangely dome-headed man, with increasing rage and panic, begin to push and pull at the door. 
The driver glanced into the passenger’s eyes, as his thumb hovered over the backlit button in the centre of the control. The passenger’s eyes flashed with an ageless fury, which poured down his long, almost feminine face, as he screamed unheard through his glass and metal prison to be set free. 
Three and a half thousand years of existence and he still could not follow a simple order like no real names. There was no pity to be found for stupidity, ignorance, and arrogance; no matter how much the man meant to his superiors.
With the passenger still frantic to be freed from the back of the vehicle, the button was pressed and the limo exploded, ejecting a mushroom cloud of smoke and debris high into the evening sky.
With gleeful finality, the great serpent finished its ageless circle, returning a long-lost soul to the sands of its homeland.
