THE CHRONICLES OF BURNTOWN
(PART 2)
a serial novella by
Peter von Harten

Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. Copyright 2012 by Peter von Harten

http://twitter.com/peter_vonharten
http://petervonharten.wordpress.com
http://poisonrationality.tumblr.com 

This is a work of fiction. Any names, characters, places, and incidents are either the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, businesses, companies, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
The Author holds exclusive rights to this work. Unauthorized duplication is prohibited.

 

Kelsey

If I had to describe Mark Huxley in one word, it would be dangerous. That’s not to say there isn’t anything to like about him though…I mean as far as it’s possible for a girl like me to find something attractive about a crazy boy with a burn fetish. I’ve dated far worse, though my brother Seth would probably disagree. Whatever. It’s not like I ever told him what happened the last time I went to the city, so you can’t expect him to understand. I vowed never to tell anyone. Gosh, it seems so long ago…
Three months have passed since Hux officially renamed this place “Burntown”. I think it was a Saturday, though I wasn’t really keeping track of the days anymore. No one does. There’s no point because nobody works for anyone other than themselves, and most of the adults are either disabled or dying—a fate that’s soon to be our own. The meat from our livestock has begun to spoil quicker than we anticipated, though a couple of the older boys hunt small game every now and then near the edge of the woods. They won’t go any farther than that.
I don’t think there’s anywhere left to go, and even the bravest of us wouldn’t be caught dead in the Outlands. That’s what we call everything past the boundaries of this town. We just don’t leave, and besides that, we have no real reason to. There’s nothing but farmland and scorched earth out there for miles and our cars don’t work.
Even if we could get back to civilization, none of us imagine it to be pretty. They forgot about us, or at least we think so. Nobody knows what happened after The Shock, and the radio message Seth has on loop so far doesn’t seem to have reached anyone who can help. But enough with that depressing stuff, I’m honestly sick of talking about it.
So, that day—again, I think it was a Saturday—Hux had just gotten off a bad trip or something. He said Mariah gave him some of her X. Honestly, I wish the two of them would stop. I know what they do with each other when they’re high, I’m not blind or anything. Under normal circumstances they act like friends, so I can’t say I have anything against them sleeping with each other if they’re both into it. But if Hux wants me as badly as he tells everyone else? I don’t think I could deal with that.
Anyway, he took me to the edge of town that day to show me his big masterpiece. He had spray-painted “Burntown” over the old Kentsburg sign. As if any weary travelers needed more of a reason not to pass through here, right? He was such a douchebag. The sad part is, we’ve all pretty much gotten used to it over the past couple months. He just sort of declared himself our de facto leader one day, and that was cool because none of us paid much attention to his antics anyway. It’s kind of his own thing, nothing official. I guess he gets an ego trip off it or whatever. But the truth is that he eventually became exactly that, whether he realized it or not. He sort of gave us something to hope for once he started what came to be known as “burn parties”. At first we all thought it was a dumb idea, but I guess it was fun. 
“So me and Mariah came up with this cool new thing,” he smirked as we stood smoking in front of his stupid sign. 
I rolled my eyes. “Great.” 
“What?” 
“Is this gonna be totally lame?”
“No, I don’t think so.” He hugged me from behind. I hated when he did that. I guess I didn’t want to admit I was actually falling for him. Everything in my mind told me to just listen to Seth, but then I always remembered I was a year older than my brother, so any advice he gave me didn’t really mean much. Or at least I didn’t want it to. 
“So what is it?” He ran a hand through my hair before answering. I hated that too. Boys always have to put on the suave moves when they want you to pay attention. 
“How many barns do you think are in this town?” he asked. 
“I dunno…probably too many,” I laughed. “And our cows are all dying.”
“My point exactly. So…” And he flicked his lighter in my face. Naturally, I pried myself out of his arms and jumped away. Who wouldn’t? He was the only maniac in our town who was never afraid of fire, and while I guess it’d be cool to have him save you from a burning building, it otherwise freaked me out. 
“Mark, what the fuck!” I yelled, pushing him backwards. He just laughed. Typical.
“No, it’s important, I swear!” he chuckled. 
“You want to burn down the barns? You didn’t even finish with Johnny’s.”
“We’ll get to that. It just needs to be emptied first.”
“Emptied…Hux, what the hell are you planning?”
“Just a little fun,” he grinned. Jesus, why am I falling for that? “Next question,” he insisted. “How many parties do we usually throw around here?”
“You want to kill everyone?” 
“No!” he laughed. “I was thinking we could have a party in the barns, you know, a real chill thing with music and whatever. Mike plays drums and Johnny plays guitar, I think Colton can sing pretty good, and-”
“Whoa, whoa, whoa!” I exclaimed.
“What?”
“Mike is a pop fanatic and the other two need to lay off the drugs, especially Colton with his sizzurp concoctions, and you…you’re into grunge. So really, go for it. I think you should do this,” I laughed.
“For real? No jokin’ around?” he spit. 
“Yeah, for real! I want to see you guys fail miserably, it’ll be funny to watch. I mean if that’s not a party, I don’t know what is. We could sure use some entertainment around here. But…fill me in on the part about the barn again?”
“We end it with a bang,” he replied, taking a drag off his cigarette. “I got a nice stockpile of shit at home, plus with your dad and my aunt’s supply of booze, we should have enough to make a shitload of Molotovs. Burn the place to the fuckin’ ground,” he smiled sheepishly. My eyes went wide. What the hell was he thinking?
“Hux, why! What is it? What is it with you and fire all the time? Everything has to involve your stupid lighters, fireworks, alcohol, gasoline, or a combination of whatever you can find that blows up! Can’t we ever do anything normal? You know, without fire? Come on. Have you ever had a single idea in your head that doesn’t involve watching something burn?”
“Not really,” he sighed, stamping out his butte. 
“You scare people, I get it. I know it doesn’t exactly make you feel wanted around here, but most of us have hobbies. Don’t you?”
He shot me an angry look. “Know what, Kelsey? Of all the people in this shitty little town, I always thought you’d be the only one to understand me. I remember when you first came back from the city-”
“Don’t even go there!” I snapped.
“You looked like your eyes were opened, like something crazy happened out there that just had the potential to turn you into this really kickass girl. But after a month or so, you just let it die.” He put a hand to my face and rubbed my cheek. “I only wish I knew why you did it,” he whispered. “What happened to that version of Kelsey?” My heart was pounding, and all of a sudden I felt my chest tightening. I couldn’t breathe anymore if I kept looking at him, so I shoved him back.
“YOU STAY AWAY FROM ME, MARK!” I yelled. I couldn’t take the memories of that weekend exploding through my head. Not again. “You have no idea what happened to me out there! Nobody around here does, so stop acting like you’ll ever get it! None of you would understand!”
With that, I turned away from him with tears in my eyes and stormed back toward the town. It was a good mile or so walk and I hated going it alone, but this time I had to. Most people knew by now not to ask about what happened to me in the city several months before The Shock, but it didn’t matter. 
Every time I thought about what I saw, what I felt out there…it hit me in a way I can’t even describe. I must have made it too obvious the day I got back, because I was freaking out for the next couple weeks and everyone could tell that something about me was different. Seth had tried asking me only once, and never again. I ended up pinning him against the wall in so strong of a chokehold that he nearly passed out. He said it felt like I was crushing his neck to pieces. After that, I stayed holed up in my room and didn’t eat for an entire week. When I finally came out, he gave me the biggest hug and promised never to bring it up again. 
I felt bad for turning into such a monster. If it wasn’t what happened, then it was the huge shadow of guilt that followed me everywhere I went about how I treated people every time they asked. I lost a couple friends over the whole thing because the fights were so bad. For some reason, I developed this love of knives just because I thought I needed protection from something. Suddenly, it wasn’t even that people were asking. It was that they looked at me wrong, and I wanted to stab their throats out just for being curious. Suddenly, I wasn’t the same innocent little Kelsey everyone had known and loved. I was a complete psycho bitch.
Two months passed before I was able to get a good handle on myself. It took some therapy, a lot of lying, a lot of fake smiles, a lot of burying everything as deep down as it would go, but I did it. I had to. And still, there was that bottomless black pit of hopelessness in me that I couldn’t fully explain or let go of. To tell the truth, I’m still terrified of it to this day. The things I’m capable of scare the shit out of me. I saw it with Seth, I saw it in the city…and I never want to see it again. Nobody would understand.
But more so, I’m just scared. I’m scared because I know that Hux and I are actually perfect for each other, and I can’t stand the thought. Seth doesn’t like it, but I don’t expect him to get it. No one does, and they never will because I can’t tell them anything. I wish I could though. God, I wish I could.
They say everyone in this town has their own reasons for not wanting to leave. Well, that’s it. Hux is my reason, and even though he might seem completely out of control and it’s probably the worst idea on the planet to want to be with him, I don’t think I care anymore. And that scares me too. Because I knew that if he had his way, he’d burn himself alive along with this whole damn town. At this point, I’m fairly certain I’m the only one who keeps him from doing it. 
There’s something unspoken between us about that, I can feel it whenever he’s around. Plus the danger of it all gives me a rush, and so I tolerate his fire antics and his constant flicking of lighters and all the other bullshit he does because I know he’s the only one who will ever understand me, and I’m the only one who could ever understand him. 
But one thing he’ll never know is what happened in the city. That’s why I have to write it down now. I want to understand. I want to have hope because this is my last chance, swear to God. I’m not leaving this town, and I’ve known that ever since I returned. I’ll die here sooner or later. We all will. It’s only a matter of time.
So just in case I’m gone sooner than expected…here’s what happened.

###

April 23rd, 2021. That was the last time I left Kentsburg. My cousin Janelle and her friends Amanda and Tasha wanted me to come up to Jackson with them for the weekend since my mom and dad were out of town visiting our grandparents. Seth and I had the next Monday and Tuesday off from school for faculty meetings, and I knew it would just be boring staying at home since there wasn’t anything much to do, so I agreed. They said they’d hook me up on a couple blind dates and I couldn’t argue with that. Their only condition was that I bring plenty of booze, so I packed up a couple bottles of my dad’s vodka and some of Seth’s weed.
It was around 4 p.m. when they came to pick me up. Tasha drove this shitty old red Buick with upwards of 100,000 miles on it that backfired when they pulled into our driveway, but Janelle assured me it would hold up okay for the three-hour journey. She was sitting in the back passing a can of beer back and forth with Amanda. They’d been giggling about how they’d gotten lost on the way and passed my house a couple times before turning around. I thought it was dumb, but I was happy to see them. 
“Hey loser!” Janelle laughed, opening the door for me. “Wow, your hair’s gotten pretty long.”
“Yeah, it’s been like two years since I saw you,” I smiled.
“Turn around, let me see. Oh wow, almost halfway down your back? We’re gonna have to cut that shit before you get it caught in something.”
“Hasn’t happened yet,” I grinned.
“Come on, get in the car, we’re on a tight schedule!” 
“Not my fault you got lost!” I threw my bag in and shut the door behind me.
“This place is a shithole, I can’t believe you still live here,” she smirked, taking another swig of beer. “How’s the farm going?” 
“Ugh, don’t even ask. Rain’s been horrible this year. I can’t even take all the wading knee-deep in mud every day to feed old Joe’s cows every morning. He hasn’t been doing so well, but he still hits on me from the open window every time I have to bend over out there. Fuckin’ creep.” 
“Ew!” she laughed, nearly spilling her beer when Tasha geared the car in reverse before high-tailing it out of the driveway. “Slow down bitch, oh my god!” 
“This place is like Children Of The Corn, I can’t stand it anymore!” Tasha yelled.
“So you got the goods?” Janelle asked.
“Vodka and a couple ounces of bud from Seth’s hydroponics.”
“Shit, you guys got it made out here. And kids actually buy that?” 
“It’s the middle of nowhere dude,” I replied, digging around for my cigarettes. “Easier than meth and a hell of a lot safer. You remember Dave Shelton?” 
“The cute kid I had a crush on last time I was here? I think that was junior high.”
“Yeah. Him and his brother had a lab in their basement that exploded last month. They were both okay, but they got sent to juvie.”
“Little Dave?! Holy shit!” 
“Not so little anymore. He’s fifteen now, got a whole year to serve, plus he has a girlfriend he knocked up.”
“Oh my god,” she giggled, taking the cigarette out of my hand. “And it’s not his sister?”
“Fuck off, we’re not inbreds.” 
“Well I dunno what you country people do! I kinda feel bad for you, you should just move to the city. My mom would take you in, we could get you set up at school and everything. Every weekend we could party, the guys are to die for, and drugs are mad cheap if you know where to find ‘em.” 
“I dunno. My dad needs as much help as he can get holding up the farm, and the people around here aren’t the most able-bodied folks either. And Johnny’s dad is on disability-”
“So? Seth can handle it and there’s plenty of kids to help out, right?” 
“I guess.” I took the cigarette back and took another drag. Tasha had already gunned the car up to eighty, the scenery now flying past in a merciless blur as the wind whipped harshly through the open windows of the car. It was getting humid out.
“I just don’t think you should feel guilty about what you can’t control. It’s too much responsibility, Kelsey. Like get real, you’re young. You don’t want to stay with these old folks forever! You’re hot, you’re kickass…just face it. You belong in the city with me,” she smiled, brushing a few strands of dyed blonde and black hair out of her face. 
“I’ll think about it,” I lied. But what the hell did she know about things like hard work and responsibility?
Janelle’s parents were loaded out the ass from their real estate business while we were stuck doing dirty work out in the country. Sure she had it made and that was cool, but every so often I got sick of her talking about how great it was. I have to admit I’ve always hated that part of our conversations. Fighting with family has never been my thing, so I did my best not to get in over my head. At least we had enough mind-numbing shit to forget.
As Tasha dropped down to a steady 65 mph for the rest of the drive, we closed the windows and I lit up a bowl for the rest of us. I was pretty excited to be leaving the country behind for a while. Janelle was right; I knew I deserved to get out of there. But she had her life and I had mine. Whenever we hung out, the differences expressed themselves in subtle ways.
For my cousin, it was always about the night life and bright lights everywhere, painting a picture I never quite fully understood. The country was quiet and the city was loud, and even that was enough of a contrast to bother me. I was never a loud person, I didn’t go to parties aside from anything Hux would have planned here or there. It’s kinda funny because back then, the truth of it is that things were actually much easier. To have that connection with the rest of the world—or at least the option of it—was something none of us ever quite took notice of until it was far too late. Responsibility to your family roots is important, probably more so where I come from. But not being able to get away? I never even gave it a second thought.
And Janelle had gotten away. Or at least her parents had, and I suppose that because of my dad and his constant arguments with my uncle, it kinda rubbed off on me. I started to realize I had felt deeply resentful for most of my life, and I didn’t even know why. I could feel the tension in the air whenever our separate families got together. 
Those were rare occasions of course, but even when I visited with my Aunt Sarah, Janelle’s mom…she sort of got this weird expression on her face. I interpreted it as hatred, although Janelle assured me numerous times that it wasn’t about me. Her uncle would look at me the same way, those dark eyes tearing into me as if I was some sort of scummy outsider. Maybe it’s because I had more of my dad’s personality than Seth, and it didn’t really help that I worked in the fields either. My arms and hands were still pretty torn up from working overtime at the end of the spring season thanks to the swarm attacks from the bees. 
After taking a few more hits off the bowl I’d packed, the conversation in the car quickly descended into boys, our plans for the summer, the lives of the people in our communities, general girl talk, and a dab of political issues about the trade war with China thrown in for good measure. I honestly can’t remember all the details. 
By the time we reached the city that quickly rose above us in a wave of concrete and lights as we took the last exit off the highway, Janelle was screaming her head off about how much fun we would have and how it was absolutely imperative that she cut my hair before we got to the club. That’s where our blind dates would be. I can’t say I thought it was such a good idea, but it was too late to voice any disapproval now. I knew that if I did, we’d start fighting about some stupid shit.
All the while, I began to get this really bad feeling about the night. At first, I’d convinced myself that it was just me starting to worry too much since I was far away from home and how angry my dad would be if he found out I was gone. The plans worried me too, but it wasn’t just that. Something else was going on, and I could sense it. I’m not sure exactly how. There was some sort of weight to the entire day, almost like there was a huge problem someone had forgot to mention. It wasn’t until later that night when we were starting to get smashed that I caught wind of a special broadcast on the news about something that hadn’t reached the country lands yet. 
I can only remember small bits and pieces of it now, but that was the beginning of total silence for me. That much, I can recall. Oddly enough, nobody had even talked about it during the entire trip. Maybe we thought it wasn’t really important, or maybe between all the boys and getting dressed up and worrying about all the stupid little things like makeup and outfits and earrings, everyone else just forgot. But after seeing that one tape on the news, I would never forget. Because that was the night the entire world stopped, and by then, there was no turning back. Not for anyone.

###

The penthouse that Janelle’s parents owned was this huge, lavishly decorated place that took up almost two entire floors of the building they lived in. I’d only been there once when I was a little kid, and I almost forgot just how big it was. My mouth dropped open when the elevator doors spread apart to the sight of the sprawling living room. In all respects, it was pretty much the city equivalent of walking through the front door of a mansion. Once you were inside, it was hard not to tell the difference. 
The living room area took up a good portion of the right side, where a balcony from the second floor overlooked about half of it. There were white leather couches connecting at one corner beneath which lay a nice thick rug to massage your toes, glass coffee table, and a flat-screen TV that basically took up the entire wall. 
Countless decorations stood everywhere; tapestries, sculptures, oil paintings and photographic work of artists from the last century from about the 1950’s on up. I wasn’t really as much into photography as I used to be in middle school, but I definitely recognized some from Sally Mann and a few others they no doubt had paid thousands for. The entire place screamed of upper class, and I had to blink twice to be sure I wasn’t dreaming. 
To the left was the dining room, and directly ahead was a curling staircase that led to the upper floor where the bedrooms and my Aunt Sarah’s studio were. She was more or less an artist herself, specializing in post-expressionist style oil paintings and jewelry design, the latter of which was more of a hobby. She owned her own gallery downtown, and that was one of the other reasons they were rich. 
She was constantly organizing major events and showcasing artwork, so all these huge investors and businessmen would come in. It certainly benefitted her husband’s real estate business too. Both of them seemed to work together pretty well, having balanced their careers in a unique way that I’ve honestly never seen before. She would organize art shows where his clients would show up, and he would decorate open houses with her work to draw them in. It was perfect.
Just as I was finished marveling at the oak wood floors of the tremendous interior, Janelle quickly pulled me aside and shoved a piece of gum and a bottle of perfume into my sweaty hand. I almost forgot that we still reeked of booze and weed from the car ride. She had told me enough horror stories about getting caught before from when she was younger, so at least one of us remembered. 
“Hello?” I heard her mom call from upstairs. “Janelle, are you back?”
“Shit!” Amanda gasped, frantically popping a Dentyne in her mouth. 
“Hurry up you guys!” Tasha snapped. Janelle tore the bottle of perfume back out of my hand just as I finished, and we heard her mom moving for the stairs.
“All of you just say hi and head straight up to my room,” my cousin insisted. “Don’t stick around or-” the sound of my bag clunking to the floor cut her off. I couldn’t stop shaking when I was nervous, so it’s not like it was completely my fault.
“Sorry,” I breathed, flashing her an innocent look. 
“Jesus Christ, you have to ruin everything? Oh, hi Mom!” she smiled, her expression instantly changing as her eyes turned to the top of the stairs. 
“Hey, you made it!” my Aunt Sarah exclaimed. She was wearing a tattered old shirt and jeans splattered with oil paints, and her hands were pretty much the same. “Kelsey, you’ve grown! It’s so good to see you again,” she said, moving in to give me a kiss on the cheek. “I’d give you guys a hug, but I’ve been working. Are you hungry at all, you want a sandwich or something?” 
“No, I’m good,” I smiled thinly. She was already giving me that strange look of intolerance as Tasha and Amanda shook their heads. 
“Alright, well I’m gonna go clean up. There’s pasta in the fridge if you guys change your minds. I won’t be long and then I’ll get you settled, okay?” 
“Mom,” Janelle laughed, pulling her mother aside, “remember what I told you about tonight? I’ll take care of it. We’re gonna be leaving soon anyway, and we’ll be out of your paint-stained hair. You got a few matted bits going on.” 
“Oh god, it’s in my hair again?” Aunt Sarah sighed, picking through a few strands. “I was wearing my old hat too. Ugh! Alright, well you guys can head on up if you want. My purse is on the ledge, you can take a couple hundred on your way out. Just promise me you won’t get too crazy this time?” 
Janelle flashed her an innocent smile. “I got it all under control, Mom.” Aunt Sarah wasn’t amused.
“Jan, I lived through the nineties and I used to give your grandmother the same look you’re giving me right now before I went off to do something stupid. I mean it this time. No hard drugs. I might not like the weed, but I don’t see the harm. No pills, no huffing, no cocaine, no crack pipes-”
“Oh my god Mom!” she protested.
“You remember the artwork I trashed a few years ago that I wouldn’t let anybody see? I did that under detox before I got pregnant with you. I’m serious. All it takes is one time, and-”
“You can stop now,” Janelle cut her off, crossing her arms. Aunt Sarah just shook her head.
“I want you back here no later than one in the afternoon, you understand?” If looks could kill, she definitely had it down.
“Yes, I promise,” my cousin sighed. Her mom kissed her forehead.
“Good girl. I’ll leave you guys to it.”
With that, she left to go back upstairs and an awkward silence filled the room as we all glanced at each other, wondering what to do next. Janelle looked troubled, the kind where you have something really crazy planned for the night and suddenly your parents know all about it, yet they still let you go as a test of how much they can trust you. I guess the weight of it was too much for her to bear, but she brushed it off after a few seconds.
“Sorry about that,” she rolled her eyes. Tasha had whipped out her phone in case she needed to call up the boys to tell them we weren’t coming, then shoved it back in her purse when she realized Janelle had no intention of wrecking our night. 
“We’re still on, right?”
“Of course we’re still on, stupid!” she retorted, pushing past her and heading for the stairs. “You guys coming or not?” 
“Are you sure this is a good idea?” Amanda protested. “I mean…she knows.” 
“So what!” Janelle snapped. “We’re going out and we’re gonna have a good time. Is that a crime or something?”
We all reluctantly followed her up the stairs to her room in uncertainty of the night ahead. I’d never known my cousin to take something so hard, but then again I hadn’t exactly been around to see how much she fought with her mom. Janelle usually seemed happy since I’d known her, always smiling and cheering up everyone around her. That night though, I was about to find out just how bad things were.
We had been getting ready for about an hour, trying on different outfits and experimenting with every shade of MAC eye shadow she had stuffed in her drawers until she went to change into the shortest skirt she had left. Janelle turned toward us as she slipped it on, and that’s when I noticed an array of visible dark scars lining all up her inner thighs, mixed in with what looked like fresh cuts that were scabbing over. I guessed she had done it in the past couple days. 
A gasp left my throat. I knew it was really none of my business to be asking, so I just looked away for the few seconds it took her to squeeze on the skirt and adjust it properly on her hips. She flashed me a brief smile before pulling on a black tank and flipping her hair. Suddenly, I didn’t feel I could hold my tongue any longer. My gaze fell serious, and she knew what I had seen.
“Janelle…can I talk to you a second?”
“Sure, what’s wrong?” She had turned to stare into the mirror, fixing her eyeliner. I approached her cautiously, resting a hand on her back before gathering up the courage.
“I just need to talk to you alone, okay?” 
“Alright,” she whispered. “Scram, guys.” Tasha and Amanda got up to leave as I backed away from her, waiting until the door closed behind them. I knew they were probably standing with their ear against the door like most girls do, but I didn’t really care at that point. I was too worried not to say anything. 
“What are you doing to yourself?” I asked. 
She shot me a dirty look. “Stay out of it. I’m fine…I just ran out of antidepressants, okay?” 
“Janelle, I’m just worried about-”
“Don’t!” she cut me off. “Look, it’s not something you’d understand. Mom flies off the wall and goes nuts when her artwork isn’t perfect. Her and Dad have been fighting a lot because of some shit she found out that happened when I was a kid. You see the way she looks at you, and I think that’s really enough.” 
I suddenly felt my chest tighten. “W-What are you talking about?”
“Baby girl,” she sighed, looking into my eyes and running a hand over my cheek. “I wasn’t going to tell you, but I don’t think it’s that hard to figure out. I mean, I didn’t just bring you here because I thought it would be fun. I brought you here because I want my sister.” 
“Sister, what? No…” I gasped, backing away. “I don’t get it.”
“I don’t either,” she breathed, grabbing a big bottle of Jack from the side of her bed. “Wash it down with some whiskey?” She opened her bottom dresser drawer and grabbed two shot glasses, pouring us each a drink. “Suffice to say that my dad’s not exactly a model father,” she said. “Cheers.” As she handed me the glass, we clinked them together, downing the shots. When I took a quick glance to see what else she had hidden in the back of the drawer, my eyes went straight to the painkillers and Prozac. 
“I just got those yesterday,” she admitted. “Been addicted for a good while.”
“Janelle, what about your legs?” 
“What about ‘em? Look, I only do it when I can’t get my pills soon enough, okay? It’s not like it’s a habit. Trust me Kelsey, I got this under control.” She poured us another shot.
“This is what you call control?” I laughed.
“You don’t know how lucky you are,” she insisted. “I’m sorry if coming out here for good isn’t what you want. I know it’s kinda selfish of me, but…I guess I just always thought that things might be better for once if you stayed.”
“How do I make anything better? Jan, this is some serious shit-”
“I know!” she cut me off, taking a deep breath to choke back the tears. “And I’m sorry you had to see that. This, my legs…I’m not proud of it, okay? Look, please just do me a favor and think about staying? Please? It’d mean the world to me,” she begged. 
“I told you I would,” I said sincerely. I couldn’t believe I was actually starting to consider it, but the things she told me about her dad got me interested. “So about what you were saying before…you think it’s true?”
“Honey, I know it’s true. We probably have about a dozen other bastard siblings,” she sighed, downing another shot of whiskey. I did the same and she took the liberty of pouring yet another, tossing me a cigarette in the process. “The only reason my mom puts up with his shit is for the money so she can show off to all her friends. That’s about it.” 
I knew that in some way I should have been freaking out, maybe running downstairs to grab my cell off the counter so I could dial my parents and scream at them for never telling me, but the truth was that it wouldn’t have done much good. My life felt meaningless either way. If I wasn’t in party mode before, I definitely wanted to be now. Uncle Todd was my father, and I guess I’d always suspected something wasn’t right with my mom every time they came to visit. 
She would hole herself up in her room, pretend she was sick or whatever while Dad and his brother watched the TV all day and night like it wasn’t even a thing. I guess when all you can do is argue, you need something to keep you grounded. And suddenly it all made sense why I looked a lot more like Janelle than Seth, though I guess being a rapist tends to run in the family. My Uncle Todd and Dad looked almost nothing alike either since they were only half-brothers too, and my grandma was never much of the sociable type.
After a good while of bonding, Jan and I were laughing so hard that we’d almost forgot about Tasha and Amanda waiting outside the door. They glared furiously at us when I finally let them back in, but we were too drunk by then to really care. Never mind the fact that it was already a little past 8:30 p.m. and we had barely half-an-hour before we had to be down at the club to meet the guys.
“Okay, take a breather,” Janelle said, adjusting her hair and hiking up her skirt just enough. “How do I look walking in a straight line?” She had just shoved on some new heels and proceeded to wobble around.
“Take those stupid things off, you’ll cut your circulation!” Tasha giggled. 
“Ugh, they’re too small!” she raged. “I don’t have any other heels that fit!” 
“Wait a sec,” I smiled. “If our feet are still the same size as when I saw you last, I brought an extra pair in my bag.”
“You’re a lifesaver!” she exclaimed, pulling me into a hug after trying them on. I was surprised they fit almost perfect. “And they match my outfit great! You see why I want you here? It’d be so kickass. We could wear each other’s clothes, trade shoes, live out our crazy lives together, you don’t have to be dirty anymore…unless you really want to go there. I certainly won’t complain,” she smiled, kissing me on the lips. Tasha rolled her eyes.
“Come on, you morons! Traffic’s tight downtown and you know I hate driving in that shit. And the boys are waiting for us.”
“Lala, la, la, la…warm it up, the boys are waiting!” Janelle sang, laughing hysterically as she started dancing with me.
“That’s totally not how it goes!” I chuckled.
“You know what, fine!” Tasha yelled. “I’ll be in the car and you guys better have your asses down there in five minutes. You puke on my seats, I’ll kill you. Let’s go Amanda.” 
“Wait, let me do a shot for the road,” she insisted.
“You people are hopeless,” Tasha sighed, plopping back down on the bed.
After several more minutes of stumbling around like total idiots, we were finally able to calm down enough to be somewhat rational. Janelle wasn’t quite as gone as I was, and she remembered to take a couple hundreds out of her mom’s purse while Amanda helped me down the stairs. I couldn’t even remember when we got there by then, and honestly I would probably have been better off just lying down somewhere. Luckily, Tasha’s back seat had enough room so I could lay across Janelle.
The elevator ride down to the parking lot made me so dizzy I wanted to puke, but I turned out okay by some miracle. Tasha made a huge deal out of it and suggested I induce it myself or else she wasn’t going to leave, so I vomited out as much as I could and started feeling better for the ride. 
As the city lights flew by, I couldn’t stop thinking about the family secrets Janelle had shared with me. Memories of childhood started flooding my mind, forcing me to analyze every single time I could remember Uncle Todd and my mom being in the same room together. Admittedly there weren’t too many, and that was probably a good thing. The entire thought of it disgusted me. I hated seeing my mom upset about anything other than me or Seth misbehaving. I also had to wonder how the whole thing affected her relationship with my dad. Did he even know? I knew they fought every time Todd and Sarah would come to visit, but I was never really sure what it was about because they’d just run into their bedroom and shut the door.
Seth and I would wait out in the hallway for them to finish, sometimes sliding down against the wall and holding each other until the silence came, meaning things had been resolved. And silence was good. Silence felt safe. I got the feeling that Seth might have known something back then that he hadn’t told me because he knew it would be too painful. Can’t say I was angry though, I actually came to appreciate it later on. 
But the entire thing had only felt worse coming from Janelle. I hated having to bury anything inside the way she did. I mean seriously, look at how she was handling it. If that’s how I turned out, then there was really no hope for me in life anymore, to say nothing of actually living together. No, I thought to myself. I knew better than that. Far better. My initial reaction had been right, and I was going to stick with that. Janelle and I were simply too different to stay together, because at the heart of it all, I knew that her and her friends were poison for me. God love her, but she was absolute poison, and so was the way she dealt with things.
The alcohol and other crap had already rubbed off on me, and I wasn’t about to let her snarky, stuck-up lifestyle do the same. I had people back home who cared about me. There was Seth, my mom, my (sort of) dad, and my cat. And Hux of course, the cute country boy who couldn’t possibly be compared to any guys from Jackson. Sure they were gorgeous, college-educated, probably a hell of a lot more well-off than me or anyone else from Kentsburg. But if there was ever a fight? Mark Huxley would win, hands down.
For now though, I tried not to dwell on it and decided to focus my attention on just having fun. That’s why I was in the city after all, and I didn’t have to tell anyone what went on. Not even Seth knew what I was up to besides the note I’d left him on the kitchen counter, and I was sure he’d do okay for the few days I’d be away. I had no idea what would happen, and the prospect of it all was thrilling at the time.
As Janelle slipped me a half-tab of X with a bottle of water to get the night rolling, our conversations again shifted back to the same old meaningless shit and didn’t really stop until we found ourselves going back to the hotel with a couple boys from MC law school almost two hours later. They were nice, clean guys who behaved themselves and hadn’t made any crazy moves on us, so we felt safe. Little did we know that over the course of the next hour, no one in the entire city would be safe. 

###

By the time we left the club, my head was still spinning from the loud music. I could barely remember what we talked about over all the noise and dancing crowds. It wasn’t really my thing, but fortunately we didn’t spend much time there anyway. Amanda got sick after about a half-hour. I spent most of the time keeping her company while Tasha met up with the boys. We agreed to head straight for the hotel. The plan was just to chill in the room for the rest of the night, maybe take a few downers and go to sleep after watching a movie. 
Janelle insisted on smoking up and cutting my hair first. I was surprised that it actually turned out pretty good, considering she was still a bit drunk. The bathroom floor was covered in a carpet when she finally finished the bob and grabbed a flat iron for the final touch.
“See how much cuter you look?” she grinned. 
“It’s been years since I had bangs,” I laughed, running my fingers through it. “You’re amazing!”
“Yeah, I was thinking about going to school for it. We really should have done this before we went to the club. Not that it would matter, because some people have to get sick!” she shouted out the open door. 
“Bitch, I had to clean up your vomit last time, so we’re even!” Amanda yelled back.
“Sorry Kelsey,” Janelle sighed. “This wasn’t exactly the party I had planned out.”
“Hey, I’m cool with it,” I assured her. “Loud and bright stuff isn’t my thing. I guess I’m just used to the quiet country air. To be honest, all the lights out here make me feel like I’m in a Xerox machine.”
“Oh come on, you would get used to it,” she said. 
“Fine,” I relented. “You gotta give me some time though. What if I come out again for the summer? Like maybe for a month or so? And then you can show me everything and by the end, I’ll tell you if I want to stay or not. Sound cool?”
“Well, you do have a couple more days up here,” she said, giving me a peck on the lips.
“Whoa…why do you always do that?”
“Do what?” 
“I dunno…are you sure you’re into guys? No offense, it’s just you’re kinda touchy-feely with me. Or is it the drugs?”
“Force of habit I guess,” she sighed. “I don’t know, I just…I really want you to stay with me, Kelsey. I’m sorry if I’m pushing this on you, but I wouldn’t have told you all that stuff if I didn’t need to talk about it. I don’t know, it’s just something about you…you make me feel safe.”
“Safe?” I laughed. “How?” 
“From thinking too much, I guess. Forget it,” she smiled. “Let’s go have fun, we’ll clean up all this mess in the morning.”
The hotel room she’d reserved for the night was a normal two-bed deal, only because all the suites were already rented out. I suppose we could have gone anywhere else if we wanted, but the Hampton did just fine. It was just a bit cramped since there were seven of us in total. Still, I’d been in more claustrophobic scenarios in the time I’d spent with Janelle over the years. Strangely enough, I actually got the impression that she somehow favored it, considering her long list of rampant sexual experiences. I won’t even get into that. Fortunately, one of the guys hadn’t shown up. My cousin was of course pissed, but she shrugged it off for the time being. Tonight was my turn. 
Amanda was starting to fall asleep with her date Ryan cuddling close while Tasha sat on the end of the bed smoking with Kevin. Nate was a tall rocker boy with too many tattoos and a lip piercing who seemed pretty interested in me, so I guess you could say we hit it off pretty well. His ash blond hair was now longer than mine, a fact I wanted to argue with Janelle about since frankly I thought my new cut made me look like a bit of a dyke, but he thought it was cool. The three of us ended up hanging out on the other bed with him in the middle while we absently watched the blaring television here or there. 
“So where are you from?” he asked me, scratching at his stubble. 
“Kentsburg.”
“Where the hell is that?”
“It’s…it’s nowhere,” I laughed. “I swear, nobody knows we exist!” 
“Well it’s not exactly on the map,” Janelle grinned, sipping on a sour apple vodka. “You wouldn’t like it, there’s a lot of corn everywhere.” 
I knew what she was doing, and I already didn’t approve. She leaned her head against Nate’s as they shared a chuckle. Great. You’re already making this about you. I took out a cigarette and lit up. If I had to blow smoke in her eye, so be it. I wasn’t about to take another ride on the pity train of Janelle. I wanted to forget my problems, she wanted to forget hers. That’s why she brought me up here, right? Oh wait.
“Yeah, Janelle kept missing it. I told you it was down the street and not across the road,” I said sarcastically. She shot me a death glare as I took another hit and exhaled in her face. Two can play at this game.
“You weren’t so great at directions yourself,” she laughed, resting her head on Nate’s chest. “Kelsey gets a little confused sometimes, they’re prone to inbreeding out there.” 
“It’s kinda like abstract impressionism,” I fired back. Mom jokes are so last century, I cringed, biting my lower lip. “You know, how you think you know something so well and then you see it in a different light, and it’s a big blurry mess?”
“Whoa!” Nate exclaimed. “Are you two fighting?”
“No, what gave you that idea?” Janelle rolled her eyes. 
“I win.” 
“Well here,” she said, handing me her drink. “Don’t choke.”
“If I do, we choke together. So here’s a toast,” I smiled, trying to turn things around. “To life…and all of us here, and to secrets, sisters, and potential threesomes,” I finished, passing the drink between all of us.
As Janelle finished sipping and passed the drink over to Nate, a loud blast from the television suddenly caught my attention just before Tasha started to fumble around with the remote. A bunch of big words in bold flashed by until she changed the channel and Nate almost spilled vodka on me as my cousin leaned in to kiss him, but at that point I could have cared less.
“Wait a second, what was that? Switch it back!” I said urgently. 
“Why? It’s just some stupid news report.”
“I want to see what it says!” 
“Fine,” she sighed, tossing me the clicker. I frantically changed it back to channel 12 for CBS and turned it up, at last taking the glass from Nate. The news anchor looked serious as he began to read off the teleprompter.
“Ladies and gentlemen, tonight we come to you live here on CBS News with a special report, and we highly encourage you to stay tuned with us for the remainder of the next hour. As you are aware, this is the very first time we have been permitted by the network to air breaking information concerning the strange spacecraft which crash-landed approximately three years ago today off the coast of Rhode Island in which seven human beings were recovered from what was believed to be the bridge section of the vessel.”
My eyes went wide as I set the glass down on the nightstand, and Janelle and Nate looked over to me with concern. I guess they thought I was mad, but the truth is that I was too shocked to really pay attention to anything else. A tightness started building in my chest. Tasha gave me a weird look, though I noticed Kevin seemed to be just as glued to the screen as I was, and we both swallowed nervously. 
“What’s this about?” I asked absently. 
“Oh,” Janelle said, “you never heard about that?”                   
“No.” 
“It’s creepy, right? I remember when it happened, they tried to run a video that some guy had filmed on the beach with his family. All of a sudden, you see this big thing in the background come crashing down from the sky and splash in the water. They must have been given a gag order or something, ‘cause right after that they cut to a different story and never mentioned it again.” 
The news anchor continued. “You can plainly see here, we’ve got some footage of them drilling into the exterior of the ship…again ladies and gentlemen, this is the very first time we have been permitted to air this video since the craft was sent to NASA for analysis. Let’s just fast-forward a bit if we can…now this is a shot of the people being recovered and cut out of some sort of units that we’ve been told are similar in nature to our modern cryogenic tubes. We have been informed that all seven members of the crew are fine and have since fully recovered from the incident and appear to be in perfect health. As you can imagine, this situation has raised many questions over the past several years. Journalists and students alike have made many protests and demonstrations since the event spurred a public outrage as many have begged for answers. Where did these people come from? How far have they traveled? And most importantly, why are they here?” 
The cameras cut to show an assembled collage of footage from the last three years of demonstrators and riots in the streets, people trashing stores, looting, screaming at reporters and the police as they tried in vain to get control of the situation. Riot squads had been dispatched to silence the mayhem, shooting canisters of tear gas and carrying shields as everyone went nuts. A few different interviews were shown from college groups and people on the street as they expressed their views.
“I just want to know why the hell they haven’t told us anything yet!” one woman exclaimed. “It’s been almost two years since that thing crashed in the water, and all they been doing is covering it up! I don’t feel safe out here no more, I want some motherf###ing answers, I think we deserve that much!”
“And do you blame the news for this?” the reporter asked.
“No, I don’t blame the news, I blame the government! It ain’t right what they’re doing! I want my baby kids to be safe. You don’t know what they’re hiding out there in Area 51 or whatever they call it!” 
They cut to another interview, and this lady seemed a lot more calm. Marissa Santago was the head of an independent newspaper publication called Flash.
“The people are upset, obviously,” she explained. “They want answers, and frankly, I think they have a right to know what’s going on in the world and why this is being hidden from them. In my opinion, there’s really no reason for it. Until they get answers, it’s sad to say, but I think the riots are going to continue out here. I’m working overtime with my staff even trying to keep some of them in line, but we’re going to keep digging as deep as we can until we uncover the truth.”
“Do you blame the news?” the reporter inquired again.
“I think the mainstream news has a responsibility to tell the truth, so yes. I mean if my paper was hit by a gag order, I’d rather go down in flames fighting. I don’t think the networks should be forced to reveal their sources either, but unfortunately that’s just how it is these days, so…I don’t know. Nothing you can do I guess. The truth will come out somehow, even if it’s painful.”
They cut to a more peaceful demonstration of college kids picketing and waving around signs in the air, shouting “we want the truth!” until the president of the organization came up to the podium and started giving a speech with a megaphone in hand. The entire thing started to put me on edge despite the alcohol working its way into my system. 
I just felt glad that we never had to see or deal with any of that out in the country. Not like I’m saying it’s bad to get involved, but I got the impression that city folks were much more prone to paranoia than those of us who lived in the country and weren’t so informed. Until then, I guess I was too content to remain blind. Seeing all this happening firsthand was a humbling experience, and now I was too interested to turn it off. Thankfully, the news anchor came back just as I was getting fired up about the demonstrators wrecking everything.
“Ladies and gentlemen, we would like to put some of your fears to rest by assuring you that we do at last have some answers for you tonight. Sitting with me right now, we have the United States Secretary of Homeland Security, Richard Morgan, who has agreed to answer some of your long-awaited questions. Hello Richard,” he smiled, shaking his hand.
“Hello James.”
“Good to have you with us.”
“Thank you, the pleasure’s all mine.”
“Now if I may ask, would you be willing to tell our viewers exactly what has been happening with the seven individuals who were recovered from the craft since the incident?”
“Certainly,” the man said. “As you know, we did have to extract them from some heavily-sealed cryo tubes, and that proved to be no easy task. Once we got them out, they seemed heavily disoriented and a bit malnourished. We did have our specialists and the medical staff evaluate them for internal injuries. Thankfully, none were found. They made a pretty swift recovery after a couple weeks and have been fine ever since.”
“And where are they now?”
“I’m not permitted at this time to disclose the exact location, but they have been in the custody of NSA agents in conjunction with the United States government. As you’re aware, this has been a strict matter of high security for us and truth be told, we don’t like it any more than you do, but we’re just doing our job. We had to make sure there was absolutely no breach or leak of sensitive information until we were absolutely positive what we were dealing with and who these people were. It was never our intention to cause a panic, but unfortunately that’s what occurred.”
“Have you performed any interrogations, or is there not anything you’re allowed to say in that regard?”
“We have run interrogations, and we do have some brief segments for you tonight that we’ve been permitted to air.”
“Let’s take a look.” 
The screen cut to a recorded feed from a security camera of a woman in her mid-thirties with long dark hair, dressed in a hospital gown and seated at a table in a dark room. Her wrists were handcuffed to the chair. Not one of us said a word, and even Amanda and Kevin had stopped screwing around long enough to start paying close attention to what was going on. I looked over to Janelle, who quickly tore away from Nate and joined me at the end of the bed with eyes glued to the screen. 
“What the hell!” she gasped. “Why do they have her handcuffed?” 
“Shhh, quiet!” I hushed. After about ten seconds, the interrogation started as an older man entered the room and sat down across the table from her. 
“Would you state your name for the record please?” he asked.
“I am Captain Elisa Hernandez of the Scout-class vessel Providence.” 
“Miss Hernandez, my name is General Thomas Way of United States Central Command. I understand it’s been a rough several days for you-”
“That’s putting it mildly,” the woman sighed, cutting him off. “You still have me handcuffed and I’ve given you no reason to fear me.”
“Look…I know you probably have as many questions as we do, but we’re just taking precautions. Those are for our protection, you understand.”
“No I don’t. Treating me like an animal is no way to begin a proper conversation if you require answers.”
Janelle laughed. “Kick ass!”	
“Shut up, I want to hear this,” I scolded her. Another figure approached the table, looking curiously at the man.
“Take the handcuffs off,” he sighed, motioning for the guard. Elisa was unlocked from the chair and leaned in to prop her elbows up on the table, resting her chin in her hands. 
“That wasn’t so hard, was it?”
“Alright, let’s get on with it,” the general said. He seemed nervous. “Miss Hernandez, would you mind telling us exactly where it is that you came from?”
 “My crew and I are from a much different time than yours as well as a different star system, but personally I don’t think that’s relevant. All I can disclose is that our star is approaching its red giant phase, so we left to find another habitable world.”
“I see,” the general said, writing down her response. “Do you have any idea what might have occurred to bring you here, in this time? Did something go wrong, was there some sort of malfunction?” 
The woman hesitated. “I’m afraid I cannot answer that. It did seem strange to me that once out of our planet’s atmosphere, my pilot Charles didn’t have to set the auto controls. The pressure’s been getting unpredictable even in steady orbit for this season, so all ships are required by law to operate on manual until clearing the outer ring. Somehow, the computer took over. Now our ship is fairly old, but…” She looked troubled for a moment as she trailed off. Janelle’s mouth hung wide open, but she kept her eyes glued to the television. I had to light up a cigarette for this. 
“What is it?”
Elisa sighed. “Older vessels had certain manufacturing flaws in the way the autopilot programs accessed navigation…not that this should hold any significance to you. But before I continue, please tell me, Mr. Way…would you call yourself a believer in fate?”     
“Fate? I don’t understand,” the general said, holding his head in his hand. He seemed a bit more comfortable.
“There is a version of history taught in my time regarding the first quarter of the 21st century on a planet from which the human race is said to have originated. No one can be exactly sure of what happened or how, but the story goes that man was on the verge of a major epoch. Science conflicted with religion, fear held a great basis in daily existence, industry and automation increased exponentially, therefore exhausting a great number of your natural resources which—combined with your tendency to lay waste everywhere—accelerated the process of global warming as nature sought to correct the problems inherent in a disease that some liked to call ‘progress’. Ironically, we’ve faced the beginnings of this trend on our planet as well. We call it the Kordan Paradox. That’s why we left.” 
The general stared at her in disbelief. “Are you telling us that you’re from the future?” he inquired. 
“I see no reason to believe otherwise,” she said. “It’s quite probable. It is also an irrelevant question, given the circumstances. You’re not listening. I’ve been debating this question in my mind ever since I awoke from cryosleep, we all have-”
“What question?” the general cut her off.
“Whether or not it is logical to do what we were sent here to-” she abruptly stopped. “To do what the gods in our time have asked of us…I’m sorry Mr. Way, this cannot continue. I fear I’ve already said too much, and any pleas I could make would only fall on deaf ears.”
“What cannot continue? Who are you talking about?” 
She shook her head. “This interview is finished. It’s quite clear to me now that those in power in your time are stubborn and ignorant. You are so curious about us and where we came from that you fail to see any purpose whatsoever behind our presence, and so I must conclude that we will not reach an agreeable stance, much as I wish we could. We come from two very different times, Mr. Way. I’m sorry I couldn’t be of more help to you.”  
“Very well,” the man said, shaking his head. “I’ll see what I can do as far as releasing you, but we also have to question the rest of your crew if that’s alright. I apologize for all the security protocols, and I’ll see to it that you’re treated better.” They both rose from their seats as the guard came to escort her out. 
“Thank you, but I fear it is already too late,” Elisa insisted as the door was opened for the guards to escort her back to her cell. “Quetzalcoatl is coming.” 
“I beg your pardon?” the general asked confusedly, attempting to get one final reply. There was none. The video ended, and the screen abruptly cut back to Richard Morgan and the news anchor. I reached over to the nightstand and poured another drink for us, stopping to ash the couple inches that had burned down my cigarette. I had no clue how to feel about any of it, really. My own secrets paled in comparison, and I can’t say I gave much of a shit about them at that point. Whatever this thing was, I got the sense it was far bigger than any of us.
“Wow,” the anchor exhaled. “What exactly do you make of that?” But as the camera turned the focus on Richard for a reply, the man nervously swallowed the lump in his throat.
“James, if I may,” he shuddered, “I’m sorry, but I’ll have to ask you to cut the cameras at this time, that was not the footage we agreed to show.” 
“What?” a voice asked in the background. 
“I said cut the camera, get us off the air!” Richard shouted. 
“Okay,” James said, doing his best to remain calm. “Ladies and gentlemen, we do apologize for this inconvenience as it seems we’ve run into some difficulty, we should be back shortly.” 
 “CUT THE FU-”
The station cut to a commercial break just as the silence in the room was getting to be too much to handle, and Janelle quickly tore the drink from my hand and took a giant gulp before belching loudly in a way that sounded like she was about to puke.
“Oh god, fuck!” she yelled, scrambling off the bed and over to the bathroom. I had to laugh. Hork, vomit. As she choked and gasped for air, Nate lent me a smile and began to seem strangely attentive, crawling over to me as I lay down on my back. I ignored him. What was I supposed to say? I was far too invested in the news story to pay much attention to anything else.
“That was pretty crazy,” I breathed, taking a drag off my cigarette. “What do you think is going on?”
“I dunno,” Nate said, running his fingers through my hair. I didn’t bother to shrug him off this time, because he did sort of have a very calming effect on me, unlike Janelle. I wasn’t feeling particularly starved, and maybe that was just it; my cousin seemed more intimidating to boys. She tended to steal attention every chance she got, so I had to wonder if all the cuts on her legs and the story of us being sisters wasn’t just an elaborate lie to get me to stay up here. Besides that, what was the whole comment of me making her feel “safe” really about? 
I was rather tempted to leave her to her own devices that night, though I knew I wouldn’t have much of a choice. So far, she had acted obnoxious, tried to steal Nate, and wanted me to move far away from home just so she would be able to leech off me in order to further perpetuate her own issues. She did have me feeling a bit cornered, but she was still my cousin despite everything. I can’t say I was ever good at saying no, and maybe that was my problem.
“You’re so beautiful,” Nate said, bringing me back to the present as he stroked my back.
“What about Janelle?” I asked. In the background, we could still hear her continuing to exorcize the foul, burning demons from the depths of her stomach.
“She seems stuck on her own problems,” he laughed. “I mean, you’re pretty grounded for a country girl. Everyone around here is all bent on this routine, acting like they care about important shit. On the weekends though, it’s always the same. Get drunk, go party, drop the classes they’re failing. Even I’m guilty of that, but you…you’re different.” Ha! Yeah right.
“That’s a pretty cheesy line. You’ve only known me for a couple hours,” I giggled. “We have what, maybe tonight and tomorrow before I go home?”
“No fooling you, is there?”
“I don’t have to be fooled, just shut up and kiss me.” 
As Nate gently brought his lips to mine, I finally allowed my inhibitions to slip away on a wave of warmth and tranquility. Everything about the night was already massacred beyond recognition anyway, and even though I could taste the stale scents of cigarette smoke, shampoo, a bit of sweat, and the fading flavor of sour apple lingering in the air, I wasn’t about to let anyone’s issues get me down. Janelle had brought me up here to get away from my stifled country life, and I figured I should enjoy whatever I could get for as long as I could. 
His hands soon began to trace the curves and contours of my body while he planted kisses down my tender neck as if to suck out the venom of worry. I let him continue running his hands under my shirt, fingers grasping over my skin quicker now. It was almost enough to distract my attention from the blaring television, though I still couldn’t quite stomach everything we had seen. The thoughts in my head started to blur around in a strange symphony as my brain gave way to the alcohol flooding my bloodstream. I savored every experience, every touch, the sounds of the room, the noises of sheets tangling around legs and the songs of hallelujah breaths trembling from the other bed as Tasha and Kevin got busy. 
The bug of Nate’s hand began to crawl lower, lower, drifting down my stomach. I knew I probably shouldn’t let it happen. Janelle would be pissed the second she walked out of the bathroom and saw us, but I secretly prayed for it to happen, or for the television to switch back to the CBS coverage. I wasn’t one to argue or make excuses, which would have only ruined the night further. 
Aside from getting drunk, the reason I was actually starting to panic was because I felt my thoughts drifting back to home again, to Hux, to wondering if Seth was okay and if my parents would return safely from their trip. My heart was also beating a bit too fast, so I had to take a few deep breaths anyway to stay conscious. Thankfully, my cousin returned from her vomit-fest just as things were about to get too heavy. Nate immediately tore his hand out of my jeans and rolled over on his back while I sat up and scooted over to the edge of the bed. 
“Sorry about that,” Janelle sighed, smearing eyeliner as she ran a hand over her face. “Any new developments?” Nate and I looked at each other for a second, but quickly averted our eyes. She’d probably find out.
“Not really,” he said, clearing his throat. “Show hasn’t come back yet.”
“Ha!” she laughed. “You guys were messing around, weren’t you?” Great, I thought.
“Oh boy, here we go…” I rolled my eyes and sighed, anticipating a fight. I should have known that none of this was about getting me out of Kentsburg to begin with. It was about Janelle. It was always about Janelle. Did I mention my cousin was insane? I guess one thing worth mentioning is that she wasn’t supposed to be drinking alcohol with her prescription meds. It only made her moodier, and a hell of a lot nastier if she wanted to be. Safe to say that at this point, I was praying for the news to come back. 
“NO Kelsey, I swear to fucking god! It’s not my fault Derek didn’t show up at the club so both of us could be happy, alright?!”
“Oh my god, seriously?” Nate chuckled. “We’re not even doing anything, that’s not our plan tonight. Just chill out and have a good time, whatever happens will happen.”
“You don’t understand, do you?!” She glared angrily at him.
“Jesus, fine,” he relented. “Just come here, we’ll cuddle or some shit.”
“No.”
“I said come here, it’s okay.”
“No!”  
“Shut up, the show’s back!” I exclaimed, happy for once that I got my wish. Much as I couldn’t stand my cousin, I was more interested in the news program. They continued bickering in the background until even Tasha and Amanda—who were now as glued to the screen as I was—told her to shut the fuck up and relax. Believe me, with Janelle in the room, it’s not so easy for everyone else to chill.
But as the beginning animation segments and trademark intro music played this time, something seemed completely off about the broadcast. The same anchor showed up, as did Richard Morgan, the Secretary of Homeland Security, only their expressions were strange…almost as on edge as the rest of us, and they weren’t sitting in a cramped hotel room. James’ face was coated in a fresh sheen of sweat while Richard’s mouth sort of hung open in what I could only label as shock. Something seemed to have happened while the cameras cut out…something really bad. 
“Uh, ladies and gentlemen,” the anchor said, clearing his throat and adjusting his posture, “please forgive us for the delay and the small mishap…”
“Oh shit, what happened?!” Janelle asked. 
“SHUT UP!” Tasha and Amanda yelled in unison. She immediately sunk back down to the bed and into Nate’s arms. I didn’t care.
“Start talking!” a voice shouted in the background on the news.
“Right,” Richard nodded, taking a deep breath. “Ladies and gentlemen, there are some people here who wish to speak to you,” his voice quivered. All of a sudden, someone in a black ski mask ran out in front of the camera with an assault rifle slung over his shoulder. I immediately stood up from the bed, as did Amanda. Tasha tossed down the cigarette she was about to light up as we all slowly crowded around the television to see what was going on. 
“Alright, listen up!” the terrorist said, calling two other men to keep their guns trained on the anchor and Richard. “Before all of you at home start wetting your pants, it’s not our intention to hurt anyone. This station and every other network has been silenced for long enough! We just ran that segment to show you all what’s really going on. Don’t rely on this jackass Morgan to tell you shit! He’s just another puppet to make you feel safe. And you know what? None of us are safe! So tell me, Richie boy, just where the fuck is Elisa Hernandez?!”
One of the men beat him over the head with the butt of their rifle before grabbing his hair, forcing him to talk. “I told you, they’re in federal custody-”
“With NSA agents?”
“Yes, goddamn it!” Richard groaned.
“You all hear that at home?” the terrorist laughed. “Run the tape.” The screen flickered a second before going black, then the sound of static and heavy breathing cut in. For almost a full minute, that’s all there was until finally a hissing noise and footsteps could be heard. When the visual showed up, it looked like something recorded on a home video camera. It was pretty shaky, but only because whoever had filmed it sounded incredibly nervous. Our eyes never left that television.
“Whoever is watching this, my name is Tim Jones,” a frantic voice said. “I’m a former CIA agent, I was based in Canada just over the border until about a month ago. Today is March 3rd, 2019. If you’re seeing this now, chances are it’s 2021 and the three-year gag order on all American media concerning the Providence incident has been lifted. They’ve probably shown you some doctored videos of mock interrogations performed by skilled actors and run stories about the bright future of mankind. If someone by chance has shown you the truth, then the movement I started has been a success and you’ve seen the real thing. I’m about to show you something else they don’t want you to see.”
The hissing sound gave way to a low drone as he shuffled along in the back of what looked like some sort of freezer facility. Giant tanks of liquid nitrogen reached up to the ceiling, and he kept ducking out of the way to avoid the view of several scientists until they left the room. He then made several turns until he emerged into the open, giving us a clear view of the opposite wall. Janelle and Tasha gasped. Several rows of cryogenic tubes lined the entire end from one side to the other, floor to ceiling. 
As Jones turned the camera to a small computer console, he made it a point to note that the liquid nitrogen tanks had been turned off for the past several months. The cryo tubes themselves appeared to be new. So new, in fact, that they looked exactly like the ones from the spaceship that crashed. 
“As you can see, they’ve been busy at work deciphering the technology from the Providence. These tubes don’t operate on liquid nitrogen but instead use a synthetic chemical compound we call diosphorous oxide which needs to be heavily regulated. In specific trace amounts it aids the freezing process, but too much of the gaseous form is extremely toxic, which is why they’re also developing it as a weapon. Not that it matters since we’re already in deep shit. Now…you guys want the real Monty? Let’s take a look over at Tube 4…seven, six, five…and here she is in all her glory,” he said.
“Oh my god,” Amanda gasped.
“Say hello to the frozen face of Elisa Hernandez in carbonite. If you’re watching this, then you’ve seen the truth of Central Command’s interrogations. Thing is, they didn’t kill her or sedate her and lock her up in here, because if you check the logs, this Elisa Hernandez has been an ice cube for the past ten years. So that girl from the future? Word from CIA intel is that she gets revived. And based on what we’ve heard from her little shipmates down in Arizona, I’m not so sure that’s something we want to happen. In the interrogations, she says nothing about their alleged ship malfunction, and-”
“HEY! What the hell are you doing in here!” a voice shouted off camera. “Who is this guy, get him the hell out of here, sound the alarm!”
“Shit! Listen, this is all a setup, there was no ship malfunction, this was intended as part of a plan! She’s lying, they’re all lying–"
Suddenly, there was a snap and a flash from the television as the power cut out. The room fell pitch black. Tasha screamed and jumped backwards into Nate while my cousin and I fell to the floor gasping for breath. The only source of light left in the room at that point were the burning cigarettes Ryan and Kevin each held in their fingers. Janelle quickly tore herself away from me and dragged her purse down from the nightstand, scrambling around for her cell phone. She threw it down frustrated when she didn’t get service.
“Oh my god, what’s going on!” she whined. 
“Dude, what did you guys do to the TV?” Nate asked. 
“I didn’t touch it, I swear!” I protested. Ryan went over to the window to open the curtains, letting the sliver of pale moonlight illuminate the room for as much as it was worth. It still seemed oddly dark. That was exactly it, and it took us all a moment to realize that the moon was the only light coming from outside. As I crawled over to the window and pulled myself up over the back of one of the table chairs, I felt my heart start to pound. Almost immediately, I felt my breath catch up in my throat. Something was wrong. Something was very wrong. 
“No lights,” Kevin whispered. “Anywhere…this whole block is…guys, you gotta see this!” 
I felt Amanda reach over and squeeze my hand as we all crowded by the window only to see the entire city falling to darkness one section at a time. Out in the distance, the power failed all over the grid in a sequential wave. Boom, boom, boom. Lights out, lights out, lights out. Buildings, traffic lights, billboards, street lamps, and even more disturbing…cars. Screeching noises echoed from far below followed by crunching and merciless horns honking until they too were silenced by the ensuing shadows. That’s when the screams came. Screams in the dark, screams of confusion, screams of wordless panic as a strange thick fog flooded the streets.
“What’s happening?!” Tasha cried. 
“Weren’t you watching the news?” Nate asked. Ryan flashed him an angry look. “What? It’s true man, didn’t you listen? It’s the apocalypse or some shit.”
“Dude, shut up!” Kevin shouted. 
“You really think they’d warn us for nothing? Man, we gotta get out of here.” All along the walls and through the ceiling above us, loud thumps and muffled yelling could be heard coming from the other rooms. Ryan proceeded to hold me and Janelle tight in his arms as Nate stormed off scared.
“Screw this man, I’m outta here,” he muttered. He ran for the door, but as he tried to turn the handle, it was locked. The doors were operated by card sliders. “No…” he breathed. “No, no, no, FUCK!” he yelled. “Help! Help, somebody please! Help!” 
“I’m guessing no one told you guys about his claustrophobia,” Ryan laughed. 
“That’s not funny, this is some serious shit. I need a drink,” Tasha whimpered, running over to calm Nate down and guide him over to the bed to pour a shot for them both. 
As I looked back out over the blackened city, my thoughts were starting to run wild with everything that was going on. I wondered if Seth was okay back home, if our parents were okay or if this was something that was happening all over the world. Had they been in an accident? What really caught my attention now were the many people climbing out of their cars and running. Where were they running? What were they running from? And who was this Elisa Hernandez person, anyway? 
A flicker suddenly came over the room for a moment. Maybe it was a flicker of hope, just wishful thinking. Our lives flashing before our eyes, one last thing to enjoy before we all exploded or something. We hadn’t nearly done enough drugs for any of that, but still. The power flickered for a second, turned on for another. Nate up and bolted out the door the first chance he got as Tasha chased after him, but before we could rejoice in the next second—praying the endless emergency beep-and-colors screen would continue on the television—the power cut out again. 
By now our hearts were racing as if having been defibrillated, and the shadows grew darker as they closed around us. Everything went silent within a few seconds. No screams outside, no yelling from the adjacent rooms or banging on the walls. Just quiet. Blind in the dark. Silence. An eerie sense of calm took over which seemed to slow my heart rate, and all I could hear were gasps of breath through the haze. But something deeper was happening in the middle of all this that I couldn’t logically explain, something I instinctively knew was there because I could feel it quaking deep inside me as it vibrated throughout my being. My eyes began to tear up and I started getting this very heavy feeling in my chest. At the same time, an intense pressure built up in my ears. It felt like surfacing too quickly after diving into the ten-foot end of a pool, only to have someone heap a ton of bricks on your head. By the time I went to wipe my eyes, I realized I was shaking pretty bad.  
“What’s happening! What is this?!” 
I mouthed out the words, felt them leave my vocal chords and project outwards into an air that was fast turning cold, but I couldn’t hear them. I couldn’t hear them, couldn’t feel them, couldn’t touch them. Anyone. Now I knew what Helen Keller felt like. I almost thought I was alone, but the others were still with me in that hotel room even as I fell to the floor in a vomiting mess, dizzy and light-headed. Agonizing seconds passed in the whirl of deaf-blindness before our ability to hear finally returned, albeit very slowly.
Like I said before, that deep something was there, I could feel it pulsing inside me, but now it was rising. Rising like a flicker of power, a candle flame, electricity…something flashy like lightning. There was a very low droning sound that was just barely audible as the feeling mode of it began to take its leave of my body. My heart continued to pound and my head still shook, but at least I could hear. It was then that I noticed something tight was gripping my right arm, a sharp pain digging into it. As my eyes adjusted to the dark, I looked down to see Janelle freaking out. Her screams were just above a whisper and there was no floor below me because she…
“Oh god,” I spoke, my whispers echoing upwards like a weightless, dissipating smoke. And there was my cousin hanging on below me, a few feet off the floor. My cheek briefly grazed the ceiling. Over to my left was Ryan struggling to grab hold of me, and up over my head was Kevin. No, not Kevin. Kevin’s body. Drops of dark red were emitting out from his ears and eye sockets in the pale blue-dark hue of the moon, his shirt soaked in blood. Only then did I notice my ears were aching on the inside with the falling pressure, and I started to freak when I felt something wet running down my neck. But I knew that if I went crazy, Janelle wouldn’t have anyone left to hang on to, so I took a deep breath 
Looking over to the other end of the room, I noticed Amanda and Tasha positioning themselves over the beds. They seemed to be mouthing a phrase over to us, and it took me a second to understand what they were saying. Come over here, they motioned. I was able to actually hear them a couple seconds later as the sinking feeling abruptly left my gut, and suddenly it wasn’t necessary to make it any further. The deep bass-like pressure had been what was sustaining us in that freakish zero-gravity nightmare, and just like that, it was over. There was a loud screeching noise as we all dropped to the floor. I landed over Ryan. Janelle landed on Kevin’s dead body and started screaming. A series of shouts filled the halls outside as everyone in the building fell into a panic.
“He’s dead! Kelsey, he’s dead!” Janelle cried. “Oh god, wake up! Please wake up. Wake up!” she screamed in Kevin’s ear.
“Forget it, he’s gone!” Ryan yelled as the room began to shudder.
“You don’t even care?!” she shrieked.
“We don’t know what’s going on right now!”  
“Guys…” Tasha said. “You feel that?”
“I hear something outside,” I replied, rushing back to the window. There was a loud pattering sound coming from somewhere that at first I thought was rain, only it was higher in pitch. Thunder briefly bellowed in the distance, causing my heart to race faster than before. It’s rain, I thought. It’s only rain…right?
“What is it?” Amanda asked, coming over to join me. 
That’s when I saw. That screeching noise when we fell. As I gazed down far below on the street, I noticed shattered glass blasting out everywhere in a crystalline waterfall from the left side of our building. For several moments I blinked while trying to block out the screams of my cousin, unable to believe what I was seeing. The shockwave was headed our way. 
“Amanda,” I shuddered, “get away from the window. Now.” 
“Why?” 
“Because that’s not rain!” I shouted, running for the door. “Everybody get down!” But she stayed there, mesmerized by the avalanche as the quaking of the room got worse. “Amanda, NOW!” 
“You guys, I really don’t think-”
She was immediately cut off when the window exploded right in front of her face with a huge gust of wind that drove a billion shards hard into her skin. She staggered backwards in shrieks of disbelief before falling—scratched and bloody—onto one of the beds. Tasha tried running over to help her, but she barely made it a step before another piercing screech sounded from right outside and Ryan grabbed her to hold her back. We all covered our ears tight as hurricane-strength winds flooded all throughout the room, blowing bits of broken glass and debris further in with a terrible force.
“Bathroom, now!” Ryan insisted, shoving us all inside and slamming the door shut behind us. “I’m going for Amanda!”
“No, are you crazy?!” Janelle screamed, but there was no answer. Only the howl and pressure of the wind as it quickly bore down into the hotel room. At one point we heard the television crash against the far wall, and those cheesy pictures they always have in hotel rooms fell to the floor in pieces. Meanwhile, elephant stomps echoed out in the hallway. There were several knocks and banging noises that came by along with concerned shouting as people ran for their lives and saved who they could along the way, but we were too damn horrified to open the bathroom door.
All of a sudden, Ryan started pounding. “I got her, let me in!” he yelled desperately. “Goddamn it, hurry! Oh god, it’s coming closer, OPEN THE FUCKING DOOR!” 
I scrambled out from under the sink as fast as I could, slipping over the long chopped bits of my hair that remained from Janelle’s handiwork earlier. I had to unlock the knob, which I struggled to do in the dark since I was still half drunk and light-headed from the weightless sensation and subsequent pressure that had almost destroyed my eardrums. As it was, they were still ringing, and my whole body shook with the thudding of my heart as his frantic cries for help continued. By the time I managed to pry open the door, we heard the splitting sound of a razor-sharp buzz saw. 
I felt a splash of something wet spray onto my face when I grabbed his hand, followed by an inhuman scream. Ryan’s face disappeared into the dark void beyond, but I kept holding on even as the sawing noise continued into the door to our hotel room. Sparks flew and hinges broke, illuminating the ghastly sight outside the bathroom. It looked like a crime scene massacre. 
There was blood everywhere. On the walls, all over what remained of Amanda and her glass-riddled, now-decapitated body. All over the mangled form of Ryan, whose sweaty grip on my fingers never wavered, despite the fact that he was now dead and his severed arm was all that was left of him aside from the jumbled bunch of intestines and various entrails that had been splattered on the floor and as high as the ceiling. And all over me. My face was dripping with his blood to the point where I tasted copper and iron running into my mouth. 
Janelle screamed and kept screaming until she couldn’t do it anymore as Tasha fell into a sobbing fit, and me? I was too terrified to move. I knew that if I did, the truth would be waiting beyond the door. If I let go of Ryan’s hand, his whole arm would fall through the crack in the door and onto the bathroom floor without the rest of him. That was a truth I just couldn’t accept, and I don’t think the others even knew it yet. And still, the buzzing noise of whatever sort of machine was out there continued, getting louder as it ground vertically into the door. The machine that had killed our friends. After some while, it abruptly stopped and shut off with a beep.
My cousin descended into a mess of whimpers. For a time, all was quiet and I just shook. Floods ran down my face and I wasn’t sure anymore if it was blood or tears, it all tasted the same. Tasha fell into me with Janelle as we all grabbed Ryan’s hand. His severed arm at last gave way through the door, and I turned my head to the wall and vomited. Stomps and shouts continued out in the hallway, people incessantly knocking on our door. Finally, I was able to pry myself up from the floor to answer them.
“Hello!” a man shouted. “Is anyone alive in there?”
“Yes…yes! Help!” I called. 
White lights flashed in through the hole the machine had burrowed in the front door, and for the first time, I got a good look at everything. The device itself was a large saucer-shaped object about five feet or so in diameter with three rows of razor-sharp blades coming out of the middle. The carpet and parts of the floor under it were torn up in a trail that led all the way to the window at the far side of the room, almost like it had ground its way in. A slew of what looked like darts had been driven into the wall in several places, and now a red light was starting to flash on the device as the man tried to kick his way into the room.
“Be careful!” I yelled.
“You see a giant machine with a red light flashing on your side?”
“Yes!”
“In what kind of sequence?”
“What do you mean?” 
“Is it going one, one-two?”
“Uh…shit…” I struggled, cautiously opening the bathroom door. Janelle and Tasha followed me out. “It’s blinking one-two, one-two I think.” 
“Alright, do me a favor okay? You alright in there?”
“Yeah but our friends are dead! There’s only three of us left…” The rest are on the floor in pieces, I thought as I looked around me. Blood, broken bones, and flesh torn from ligaments. Eyeballs squashed into liquid like rotten fruit…  
“Alright…alright calm down, okay? Stop looking at what’s on the floor, look at me. Look at me, you see my face?”
I nodded.
“I’m a security officer, my name is Will. You’re just going to have to trust me and you’ll be fine. Can you do that?”
“Yes,” I nodded tearfully, doing my best to focus on his face through the large crack in the door. Safety seemed so close, but in between us was a huge hunk of metal that seemed all too ready to go meat grinder and tear my body into a thousand shredded bits. It was hard enough not to cringe at the fact that our bare feet were now soaked in the bloody remains of our friends. I was just glad I couldn’t see much of it.
“When I tell you to, I’m gonna need you to push against that machine there as hard as you can and try not to cut yourself on the blades, alright?” Will explained. “What’s going to happen is it’s going to activate an automatic defense mode that it’ll send it clear across the hall and into the next room.”
“How do you know all this?”
“Just trust me.”
“Is he crazy?!” Janelle snapped, dragging me aside.
“You have any better ideas for getting out of here alive?” 
She started sobbing again. “But Kevin, Ryan, Amanda-”
“I’m still here!” Tasha embraced her. “I’m here, okay? I’m not going anywhere, I promise. And Nate’s still out there somewhere, we’ve gotta find him! Then we can all go home and forget about this mess, alright?”
“Hey, you girls ready?” Will called. “Sorry to break up your moment in there, but you really don’t got much time! If that light switches sequence, you won’t be going anywhere!”
“Okay guys, help me push it,” I said, taking a deep breath and moving over to the right side of it. My heart felt like it was about to explode with the knowledge of what we were walking through, so I tried telling myself that what I was stepping in were actually grapes from my Grandma Rita’s vineyard out in Colorado. When I was a little girl, we used to stomp them into juice to make wine. “That’s all it is,” I panted to myself. “That’s all you’re stepping on is grapes. They all make juice, they all get squished to the-” 
And then I felt a brief pinch of stubble as something cracked under my foot. 
“Oh god, Kelsey!” Janelle gasped. “You just stepped on-”
“Don’t! Don’t tell me what it is!” I cried. “Just take my hand and step over…over the thing,” I breathed. Don’t say “body”.
Tasha quietly followed her to the left side of the device as Will continued to shine his flashlight around to help us gain proper footing, or at least as much as we could get considering our feet were soaked in blood. We decided the best way for proper leverage was to dig our toes into the carpet. I grasped the machine with one hand at the back and the other around the middle, where it seemed to have ventilation holes and I could hold it steady. Janelle and Tasha did the same on our side. The moment we began to push it forward not even an inch, the red light on my side started flashing quicker. 
“It’s alright, it’s getting there, trust me, you’re doing great!” Will assured us. The noises of trampling feet and frantic shouts of panic continued beyond the door.
“Are the blades gonna start spinning?” I winced.
“Yeah,” he said grimly. “As soon as they do, you better let go quick and back away or your fingers are gonna get torn off.”
“What about you?”
“Guess I’m gonna have to stand aside pretty quick too, now ain’t I? You all got a good grip on it? Don’t get caught in the blades!”
“Good thing we cut your hair,” Janelle sighed.
“You ready for this?” I asked.
“No.”
“Too bad. One, two, three…push! Push hard!” 
There was a loud beep in my ear, then a violent shredding noise as the giant death machine drilled the rest of its way through, mowing down the door and bowling across the hallway into the adjacent wall where it sent thousands of wood splinters and debris kicking up everywhere before again shutting off. Several people in the crowd stopped in their tracks, shrieking in terror. The light from Will’s flashlight seemed to have all but disappeared, though the emergency beams down the hall cast just enough for us to locate the exits. Janelle and I desperately tore through the wreckage of the broken down door only to find that the security guard who had just saved us had been crushed and mangled to death. It didn’t take long to discover that we ourselves were now in danger of being trampled by the endless stampede of people shoving their way past us in the dark. Tears started to cloud my vision, but I wiped them away and gripped my cousin’s hand tight as my heart felt ready to blast straight out of my chest.  
“Stay close to me!” I shouted over the crowd.
“Kelsey, I’m so scared!” 
“Me too! We’ll be okay, just hold onto Tasha.”
“Where are we going?” 
“Just follow the traffic!” 
“What?!” 
“I said follow the--OOF!” 
Someone momentarily knocked me hard to the floor as they rushed past. Another person tripped over me and smashed their face, and a couple other people almost fell over him. Screams of terror echoed all along the walls, drowning out the sound of me yelling for Janelle and Tasha. For several seconds, my stomach sank at the notion I might never find them. The waves of darkness and bodies blocked out all manner of light from where I had landed, and hope suddenly seemed an entire universe away. But then I heard her faintly over the crowds. 
“Kelsey?! KELSEY!” she screamed. I backed against the wall as quickly as I could and rose to my feet to see her shadowy form about two yards away from me, pinned against the wall with Tasha. I cautiously inched the rest of the way towards them and grabbed her hand again. 
“I’m here!” I assured her.
“Oh my god you’re okay!” she cried.
“You alright Tasha?” 
“I think so…bit claustrophobic in here,” she breathed.
“Tell me about it…time to merge in?”
“I c-can’t do this!” Janelle whimpered.
“I’ve got you this time, okay?” 
“Promise?”
“Promise,” I gasped, hugging her tight. “I wish I had a shot for this…let’s go!”
As we jumped headfirst into the fray of shadows and voices—the butterflies in our stomachs now flooding our veins with the shock of hopeless abandon—I kept one hand on the wall and held tight to Janelle with my other. It felt like being thrown into an endless hurricane of bodies, and as much as I scoured my mind for the right thoughts, nothing logical would materialize. Should I feel terrified? Upset that the boys and Amanda were dead? Should we even bother trying to find Nate? All of it was happening too quickly to digest. The only thing I found it possible to focus on now was the light ahead of us. That’s all that mattered. Get us to safety, I thought. I don’t know where we even are, but we’ll be safe soon. Just follow the exit signs.
By the time we finally made it through the throng of panicking people and down the hall to the stairs, we hit a dead end. The crowds still hadn’t let up, and we soon found ourselves packed in so tight that it became noticeably harder to breathe. The top of the stairwell was blocked off at the entrance by several SWAT team members with flashlights barking out instructions to people who weren’t too content to listen. It was enough to make everyone stop in their tracks for a while at least, but between the people arguing with them up front and everyone in the back shoving us forward, I was getting pretty scared.
“Kelsey, what’s going on?” Janelle asked, squeezing my hand tight.
“I don’t know,” I shuddered.
“Everybody listen up!” the main guard bellowed, firing a gunshot into the ceiling. The flash and loud bang forced the entire hallway into silence. “If any of you happened to see the special broadcast on the news, then you probably have some idea of what’s going on. Don’t ask me ‘cause I got no clue. All we know is that the tape started playing earlier this afternoon as different news stations on the west coast were held hostage. It was estimated it would reach here by tonight, so we got squads all over the city doing evacuations. Here’s how it works. We have a team up here and we got one at the bottom of the stairwell-”
“And what’s waiting for us out on the street?!” one man yelled behind me.
“Yeah!” Janelle shouted. “We’ve seen some scary shit!”
“Keep your voice down!” I scolded her, but she wouldn’t listen.
“You saw ‘em too?” the guy asked. “The big things with the blades?”
“Yes I did!” 
“Look,” the SWAT member said as the crowd starting riling up again, “downstairs, they’re handing out oxygen masks. From there, we’ll be escorting everyone to an underground shelter a few blocks away. You’ll be protected, we got air cover-”
“The fuck you do!” the man behind us shouted again. He was making me pretty nervous.
“You’ll be fine!” the guard yelled back. “We’re taking you all in groups of twenty, now let’s get this going, come on! Nice and orderly people, nice and orderly. No need to panic, we got this all under control, I promise.”
As the crowd started the forward march to the stairs, people immediately tried to shove their way through, matched with reminders from another man in charge to keep calm and wait their respective turns. Two groups of people went before us. I did my best to keep my breathing and heart rate under control while we waited, every now and then taking a couple steps forward. Just like the cafeteria line at school. I didn’t even care that it was slow, I just held tight to Janelle and counted out heads trying to make sure we didn’t get separated. Two things began to happen at once though that threw me off real quick. 
First, I felt something hard poke into my spine followed by a demanding voice. It was the guy behind us who had been shouting. Too terrified to turn back, I ignored it right up until we neared the doorway and I felt it again. Then a loud screech from somewhere outside. Not as ear-piercing as before, but I knew something was coming. The crazy weightless thing. Panic racked through my chest as we heard it twice in succession, but by then I was too worried about the guy behind me. 
“Don’t say anything,” a voice whispered. “Just keep moving, nice and easy like they said.” Something clicked, then I felt a hand on my shoulder. Too scared to brush it off. By that time, I hardly noticed that Tasha had somehow slipped away behind us and now it was just me, Janelle, and the psychotic creep keeping one finger on my back at all times. Moving through the doorway, one of the SWAT guys cut the line right behind us and Tasha started yelling.
“Wait, those are my friends!” she protested. 
“Too bad, orders are orders!” the man fired back. 
“Please,” I asked as politely as I could. “She’s with us, you really can’t let one more person through?”
“Like I said,” he sneered, “orders are orders. Twenty people at a time. That’s it. Unless you want to be the one keeping everyone in control during a riot, little girl.”
“I’m not a little girl.”
“Why don’t you just fuck off, huh?” Janelle added, dragging me away before I got further into it with him. Not like it was really necessary, because two seconds later, I started feeling a shudder from deep in my bones and quickly grabbed hold tight of the railing. My cousin did the same. 
Suddenly, there was another SCREEEEECCCHH and a loud sonic boom. Our eardrums quickly grew painful and started tickling from inside with the vibrations and in one more moment, we arrived at the first landing. I covered my ears as I looked back to see Tasha breaking through the boundary at the top of the stairs while the guard had his ears covered. Keep your hand on the railing! I tried to remember my placement and footing, but between the strange echoing noises, the flashlights dancing around so we could see the path down, the bass driving my heart into arrhythmia, and the man behind us digging a handgun out of his pants, I sort of stopped caring about what I could hear. 
All that mattered in those few seconds was my vision, and even though my eyes were watering, I could see enough through the hazy blur of emergency lights. Then it started happening again. The weightless feeling of organs floating around, bouncing off my insides. My spine growing an inch. My feet rising from the floor. 
The sights of it were even scarier. Like you know when you tell a horror story and point the flashlight at your face to spook the hell out of everyone? It was sort of like that, only constant. I could tell people were screaming. Flashlights fell from the SWAT team members’ hands and drifted off absently into the abyss over the stairs and bounced off the walls. Everyone started pushing and shoving when they felt it happening, but I was more focused on plastering one hand on the railing and the other to my cousin’s arm. In some ways, it was like experiencing the pressure of water without even being under it. 
Janelle’s blonde and black strands fell aimlessly around her head like a pile of ribbons in the ocean of faces. Open-mouthed expressions of silent horror through the lights, droplets of crimson exiting ears and eyelids and noses, chokes and grunts of inner death as some older people’s organs exploded inside them. And the stench of human waste here or there, some extremely pungent, a combination of piss, blood, and shit that no one should ever have to experience. Pink rain in the light, pale yellow, dark brown. Cold fluid, and then I felt the crushing of my own ears. More blood flowing out. I prayed to whatever god was out there that I wouldn’t start hemorrhaging. I had to stay with my cousin. Had to, needed to. Hand on the railing, and the downstairs people drifted up.
Some above us decided at the last moment that it might be faster to float over the railing and pull their way to the bottom of the stairwell, which turned out to be a huge mistake because within seconds, I heard the ringing return to my ears. Thanked the universe for allowing me another opportunity at life, but others weren’t so lucky. A shrill sense of dread fell over me as I watched everyone who had just launched themselves off the walls and railings suddenly fall. Some caught on at just the right time and grabbed the nearest step or person’s foot they could hold onto, but everyone else? 
My hearing hadn’t even returned yet before being silenced again by another screech. Not the gravity wave, but the horrified shrieks of the crowd as about seven or eight people fell to their deaths at full speed, cracking open skulls and breaking spines on the railings as they descended in the mess of spinning flashlights and bloody rain. Then in the last seconds of it all, there was a strange up-phase where the pressure and numbing bass feeling got suddenly heavy for a fraction of a second without the gravity subsiding, which in some ways made the experience worse. I made damn sure my hand was still stuck tight to the rail, then there was a flash of several explosions. Guns going off. Like July 4th fireworks.
The man behind us screamed, which I heard faintly. The last I saw of his face was instantly blown off in the backfire, after which I fell to the floor and started screaming myself. Not ‘cause I was scared. My head was in such excruciating pain that I swore I had a skull fracture of some sort. This continued for several minutes after I peeled myself off the steps actually, and somehow my hands were still in the same places I’d forced them to stay. Janelle’s hand and the railing, all the way down. 
People fell down around us meanwhile, some in front and some behind. Some vomiting blood. Their bodies couldn’t take the pressure. Janelle found a flashlight after a bit and shined it around the stairs. We didn’t see Tasha for a while until we neared the very bottom, and three of the SWAT guards were dead down there. The others had reluctantly started gathering up some of the other bodies under the stairs. If I had to guess, I’d say maybe about twenty. Probably less, but it’s a damn good estimate. Tasha rounded the last corner as we waited for her, the red streaks down her face scabbing over. 
Suddenly, a loud screech cut through the stairwell again and we all froze a moment. I looked at Janelle. Janelle looked from me to Tasha, and we exchanged glances for about two more seconds before we backed up for the door.
“FUCK NO!” I yelled, grabbing our friend by the wrist and hurling us all out into the first floor hallway, bounding for the street exit as fast as my legs would carry me. I didn’t even care that I knocked over a few people on the way, or that a SWAT officer happened to be waiting at the end with the light on his gun pointed in our direction. He tossed it down when he saw us tearing through, already feeling the wave of pressure on our backs. I was so out of breath I could have collapsed right then and there, but something within me held on. 
Breaking through the door to the outside, a wave of wind and lights greeted us. I could still faintly hear the thing from inside the building, but there was no pressure or boom. The air was breathable by then, though a dissipating mist still hung in the air. No weightless feeling in my body, no blood dripping everywhere, no piercing pain. Some of the riot police and SWAT squads who remained had already dispersed in the crowds. Others fired shots at those spinning circular machines that dove through the air now and then, and it seemed every time they succeeded in shooting one from the sky—or mostly those that were stuck to buildings or had embedded themselves in the concrete—a ton of car engines restarted or lights came on somewhere. 
Helicopters came out to rescue people from blown-out floors of the hotel above us and sirens started echoing in the distance. They found out how to beat them for now, I thought. Whatever they are…whatever the fuck this is. Still, it happened slowly. I remember hearing a buzzing in the distance, wondering what it was. Not wanting to look back. Smoke blasts that froze people in their tracks behind us, people who seemed fine as they continued running but later blasted apart from the inside after they’d been hit with some kind of darts. We grabbed up coats from fallen bodies and ducked under them as we ran. 
Thousands of people stampeded through the streets as we desperately tried to find our way through three blocks of mayhem and people bumping into us back to Tasha’s ugly old Buick. Once we finally located it on the second floor of the parking garage, we high-tailed it out of the city as fast as we could without so much as a second look back. It took six hours, but that was it. And by then, we were on the fast road back home through the open country and miles of endless fields as we mercilessly chased the dawn. We never found out what happened to anyone else. I don’t think I’d even want to know. 

###

“Janelle, please stay!” I had pleaded with her after getting out of the car in my driveway. “You can’t just go back, you don’t know what’s waiting out there!”
“Yes I can!” she cried, hanging out the window in the back seat. “What’s waiting for me out here, Kelsey? I’m nothing! This is your life, this is all you. You’re so much stronger and I’m so sorry I ever doubted you! I just wanted a chance…” 
“Jan, you’ll die! Why go back?! Why! Tasha, you can’t seriously-”
“I’ll do what she wants,” Tasha sniffled. “I have family too.”
“And I have to see if my mom’s okay!” my cousin sobbed. “You don’t have to be selfish or protect me anymore, alright? You did what you could. Don’t feel guilty for me, ever!”
“I don’t even know if it’s safe here,” I whimpered. “Please Janelle, stay! Stay for me, we love you, I love you! I can’t live knowing you’re out there, that I sent you back-”
“This is my choice, don’t you dare blame yourself!”
“And what if it comes here, I’ll be alone!”
“You have Seth, and besides that, you’ve gotta promise me,” she urged, reaching out and squeezing my hand tight. “If you never hear from me again, if I die or whatever-”
“No!”
“Kelsey, I’m serious. If things start happening here, you have to promise me…promise me that you’ll make them believe they have a chance. We don’t talk about any of this, okay? You don’t mention it to anyone, Kelsey! Not a word, not a soul, because so help me God if you let them lose hope, I’ll come back and fucking kill you! You promise?”
“Janelle…”
“Promise me!”
“Alright,” I breathed. “Okay! I promise…”
“Come here, you stupid little girl,” she cried, getting out of the car and wrapping her arms tight around me.
“You’re littler,” I joked. 
“I love you!” she sobbed. “I love you so much…and now,” she whispered in my ear, “this is what you’re gonna do. You’re gonna turn around and not even watch this car leave, you understand? You just start walking to your house because it’s a bright new day. Beautiful…not even a single cloud. And when I’m gone, you can turn around, you sit on those busted front steps of your porch…you turn around, and you look at the sunrise. You watch that fire spreading in the sky, you wait until it’s dark out, wish upon a star, then you go say hi to Hux and give him a good fuck for me,” she laughed.
“Fuck you!” I giggled.
She let go of me and kissed my forehead.
“Don’t ever look back. You have all the time in the world, baby girl. Live it.”
My cousin got back in the car and I started walking. I walked and walked, the longest distance I’ve ever walked in my life. Heard the gears of the car change and wanted to turn around, but I didn’t. Not a chance. I’d made a promise. Heard them back away, the shift of gravel kicking up, and still I kept walking. The soft crush of stones under my feet and the sensation of being back in that hotel again, my heart fluttering. 
Then I stopped as I heard them reach the street and speed away. Shut my eyes tight and didn’t open them until I reached the front steps of my house. That’s when I sat down and started to cry. I didn’t stop until it got dark. And even then, I waited for the stars…

###

“Hey!” Mark Huxley called from down the driveway, interrupting my thoughts. Son of a bitch. There I was, chain-smoking on the porch again. I guess I never was able to break the habit. “You ran away.”
“Your point?” I exhaled.
“Point is,” he spat as he strolled up, “girls don’t usually do that to me…unless of course they’re afraid of my burn scars, which I know for a fact you aren’t.”
“Hux, I know you want to try to impress me and all, be a badass or whatever. I get it. But you’re not stupid. You know better than to ask me what happened out there.”
“Well I’m not stupid, but no one ever said I was smart exactly,” he grinned. Asshole.
“Would it kill you to be considerate?”
“I guess not. Sorry.”
“It’s whatever,” I sighed, taking one last drag and tossing out my cigarette. “So, your party…expecting a big turnout?” 
“Doing what I can to rally the masses,” he said sarcastically. “Would you mind spreading the word?”
I shrugged. “Sure, why not. Not like it’s the absolute worst idea you’ve ever had.”
“Oh, almost forgot. You have any spare weed lying around? Not for me, it’s for Johnny’s dad. He’s hurting pretty bad.”
“God,” I laughed. “Course we do, take what you need. I swear we’re running a Colombian cartel.”
“Nothing wrong with that. Long as you got enough for the party,” Hux chuckled.
“Don’t push it. Shit takes time to grow. Anyone takes too much more, we’ll be down to the babies.”    
Seth suddenly rounded the corner from the side of the house to surprise us both, taking off his shirt and tossing it aside. When it comes to me, my brother’s always been pretty protective, much as I give him shit about it. I used to think it was kinda strange because I always got the impression he tried too hard to be the man of the house. Of course I’d chalked it up to how most boys are. That was up until I accidentally walked in on him and Tim Andersson in bed together. Seth insists they weren’t messing around because Timmy’s been abused in the past and isn’t ready for anything serious, so they just sort of lay there with their shirts off and talk. I guess it’s adorable in an odd sort of way. Seth claims he’s bi. I can believe it though.
“Hey, Hux.” I gave him a weird look. “Not interrupting, am I?”
“Nah,” I smirked. “Mark was just leaving.”
He rolled his eyes. “Was not.”
“That’s cool, I could use your help out back,” Seth said.
“You mean in the back?” I chuckled. 
“Funny, sis. No Hux, we been digging up one of your things.”
My heart suddenly sunk. “One of what things?” I snapped. “Seth, what are you doing with our yard?”
“Nothing Dad wouldn’t approve of. And it’s not in the yard, it’s out in the cornfield, he wants it outta there anyways. What do you care?”
I hesitated for a second but shook my head. It couldn’t be what I was thinking of. Not a chance in hell. We would have seen or heard something by now, especially if they had just dug their way into the ground carefully tilled by farmers for half the spring season, which was completely unlikely because somebody would have seen it. And it’s not like there were any crazy noises or things slicing us to bits. At least not yet. Still, I decided I should probably see what they were up to.
Holding my breath as we rounded the house, Hux put an arm around my shoulder right behind my brother. It was a bold move, but not one that I felt like dealing with at the moment, so I shoved him off of me. He made this sort of “whatever” sound and quickened his pace to catch up with Seth as if he even had to suck up. He was practically untouchable. It’s not like Seth would ever have the guts to fight him if he really had to. I didn’t care at the moment though. My heart was starting to thud in my chest for all the wrong reasons, wondering what the hell they were digging up and if it had anything to do with what I’d seen in the city. The flashing lights the night before had been enough to scare the living shit out of me for another lifetime.
As we made our way to the site about a quarter-way into the field through which my brother, Johnny, Mike, and that stupid Colton kid had hacked down a clear path with my dad’s old machete, I tried to remember everything my cousin had said to me on the last day I saw her. Don’t tell anyone. Not a word. Not a soul. Keep it secret. Give them hope, even if you have none. You’ve gotta give them hope.
The closer we got, the more I tried to reassure myself. Blinking lights don’t mean anything, it was probably just police from the town chasing down a lead on a meth lab. The storm came and knocked out the power and the rest is some crazy elaborate dream. Maybe they dug up rocks or found some fossilized giant like that hoax from last century. A waterline or something to help put out Burnboy’s fire party once it was over. Hey, everyone needs a solution, right? A crop circle maybe. Yeah. Even that sounded half feasible. I had to laugh. Be happy, not react completely insane, it was probably just a-
“HOLY, WHAT THE FFF-…I mean whoa, uh…okay…” Calm down. I blinked once. Twice. Quickly looked away and bit my finger, then took a quick peek again. Not that the boys were paying attention, which probably worked to my advantage. Not like I even had to see it to know what it was by someone describing it.
“Wow, that’s like five feet across. Bigger than I thought, the ones I saw must have been half-buried,” Hux said, lighting up a cigarette. They were still digging it out. Digging up that fucking machine, and much as I wanted to tell them how much it could hurt them…
“Probably heavy too,” Seth said. “Guys, watch out for the blades!” 
“HA!” I laughed loudly. “Do you guys even think you should be messing around with that? I mean seriously…I mean, it’s not like any of you know what it does! Really…what?! Seriously?! No…no, no, no fucking way! This is just…this is just fantastic…no…I can’t breathe…I need to get out of here. Now.” I felt my chest tighten as I started getting a panic attack and turned to rush for the house to down a couple of my old anxiety pills. I hadn’t had to use them in months, but the sight of that thing I’d not laid eyes on since April, not to mention any details of just how the hell it ended up in our field, right outside of our goddamn house.  
“I’m going after her,” Seth sighed. “Kelsey? Kelsey, listen-”
I broke into a run but stopped halfway down the path to take a breather. “I really, really do not want you touching that!”     
“Look,” he explained. “We’re just gonna see if we can take it apart, maybe figure out what’s going on around here and why we can’t get any cell phones or radios to work.”
“Oh Seth, you and your theories and science shit-”
“Kelsey-”
“You’re not gonna find anything, Seth!”
“Everyone down the street said they lost electricity in sequential order. I think it’s sending out a signal, and if there’s a chance of that, maybe we can cut it off and get the power back.”
“Cut it off how?! You don’t even know what those things do!”
“I can infer a couple things. If they’ve been sitting out there this long and there hasn’t been much hive activity around here for years, it would explain the killer bee swarms this spring! Obviously it’s dangerous. I just want to understand this. We’re being as careful as we can, okay? Trust me.”
“Seth-”
“If we can at least get the phones or a radio going, we can contact the city and see what’s going on…unless this is about something you already know.”
“Seth, don’t you dare!” I charged off. I wasn’t about to get shit on by him too.
“Kelsey, please just listen,” he insisted, pulling me back and staring me in the eye. “Sis, have I ever let you down?” I blinked away the tears and took a deep breath to calm myself. Couldn’t argue on that. “I’m not going to ask you what happened, okay? But I want your honest opinion on something.”
“I can’t.”
“Please…I want to know if you think this is worth it, huh? Say if we could get the power back, turn on the lights, not worry about food spoiling and dying from the summer heat and use Dad’s old radio to call for help…do you think it’s worth trying to figure this out?”
“Yeah,” I smirked, turning away.
“Seriously. You sure?”
“Yes,” I lied. “Anything’s worth a shot, right?”
“Thank you,” he smiled, giving me a hug. 
“No problem. Just don’t bring that thing near me, huh?”
“You got it.” 
“Cool.” I didn’t feel much better. “I’m just gonna head back for the house, take one of my old chill pills, gather up some bud for Hux’s stupid barn party.” 
“Okay,” he replied, starting to head back until it registered. “Wait, what?! Not that stupid shit he planned with Mariah!”
“Guess so,” I shrugged. “You got any better ideas for a good time, let me know.” I didn’t even blink an eye or bother to stop walking when I heard a sudden explosion go off in the field. Told ya so. Maybe I looked back with a bit of curiosity and a laugh, but that was about it. Someone out there gave a nice loud shout that they were okay anyhow. 
I suppose it should be said that there’s a certain amount of comfort that comes with accepting the inevitable. I wasn’t stupid either. I’d known from the start that these things would eventually show up in our area. It was only a matter of time. To tell the honest truth, I don’t think I’m even scared to die anymore. Man has always struggled with their mortality, but who really wants to live like that? Hell, might as well go out with a good bang and set the world on fire, watch it burn over the horizon until we’re all specks of cosmic dust and there’s nothing left but stars to wish on.
Why not, Janelle?

 

About The Author


 
Peter von Harten is a poet and author of teen and adult fiction.
He writes under the pseudonym of "Peter Andreas" for his young adult titles and retains the use of his real name for all general fiction, horror, sci-fi, and fantasy works.
When he isn't reading or writing, he also enjoys philosophical debate, foreign and independent films, producing electronic music and remixing, learning new languages, obsessing over the latest television dramas, or catching half-price appetizers at Applebee's with his best friend and singer-songwriter, Addie Haptain.
Peter currently resides in Allentown, PA.

Other titles from Peter von Harten:

BLUE CAR RACER (written as Peter Andreas) – After living through the pain of his father’s death in the Gulf War, Colin Dirk doesn’t want to grow up and face reality. Being bullied at school by Aaron Kinkirk only makes matters worse until he meets Eric, a former friend of Aaron who sticks up for him. But Eric has a dark side of his own, and Colin’s mother seems more interested in getting remarried than listening to his problems. Can he learn to face his greatest fears before it’s too late?

Connect with Peter online at:

http://petervonharten.wordpress.com
http://poisonrationality.tumblr.com
http://twitter.com/peter_vonharten

Contact: 
pavonharten@gmail.com
