Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?:
A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2

by Sara M. Barton

Published by Sara M. Barton at Smashwords

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2012

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One --

“Holy crap!” Those were the first words out of my cousin’s mouth when she saw me come through the door with my overnight bag the day after I fell two stories off a roof. “You look like hell!”
“And a fine howdy-do to you, too,” was my sardonic reply. I wrapped my arms around her and squeezed.
“Seriously,” Annette continued, “you’re a mess. You should be home in bed.”
“I should, but I’m not, so why don’t you put on your Florence Nightengale hat and make me a cup of java?”
“You should see a doctor,” she insisted.
“I did, smarty pants. Doc Morris said it’s just contusions. I’ll heal. Now, how about that coffee?”
“One of these days, you’re going to get yourself killed. It’s a wonder it hasn’t happened already.” She disappeared into the kitchen. I looked at the Christmas tree sitting in front of the window. It twinkled with miniature white lights. Tiny, colorful birds, decorated gingerbread cookies, and red-and-white striped candy canes were tucked in beside hand-blown glass ornaments. Annette put a blue mug in front of me. I could see the steam coming off the coffee. I could also see it coming out of her ears. She was boiling mad.
“Relax. I don’t look that bad!” I chuckled.
“Yes, you do. You are all black and blue!” Annette was my cousin, almost six years older and still a busybody know-it-all. “Why did you have to go up on that roof?”
“I wasn’t about to let that bastard ruin Kinsey’s company. I needed the USB stick. It had all that data on it.”
“And you couldn’t have waited for the cops? You had to rush him?”
“I’ll remind you that I’m a deputy sheriff up in Latimer Falls. That makes me a cop. He had the stick, Nettie. It was the only way I could prove Bob Kinsey didn’t steal all that money.”
“So, you’d give up your life for some jerk you barely know?” Nettie put her frustrated hands on her wide hips, standing there like an old farmer’s wife scolding the farmer’s sheepdog. “What am I supposed to do if you get killed? Where am I going to find another job at this point in my life?”
Nettie’s husband, Paul, died last year, and ever since, she’s been a bit shaky, always worrying about everyone and everything. I cut her some slack.
“Oh, you’re just impossible to talk to, aren’t you? I give up. Go ahead, throw yourself down a mountain. Or off a ship. See if I care!” She retreated to her bedroom. I figured I’d let her cool off a bit before approaching her.
Yesterday, I had been back home in Vermont, chasing after a thief who had broken into Bob Kinsey’s office. The financial planner, a recent resident of Latimer Falls, was in charge of a number of big accounts, and about a month ago, rumors started surfacing about how Bob was dipping into the well to assuage his thirst for cash. My boss, Rufus Parteger, and I met with Bob when he showed up at the Latimer Falls Sheriff’s Department just after Thanksgiving.
“You have to help me,” the frazzled money expert insisted. Bob was the new go-to guy for the village of Latimer Falls when it came to municipal employee pensions. When his clients started discovering their investments were rapidly tanking, he turned to us for help.
It took a stake-out in his office to catch the thief red-handed. Not only was the cheese weasel breaking into the financial planner’s office with frightening regularity, he was using Bob’s own computer to create the money trail that was supposed to get Bob convicted. It turned out to be Bob’s former partner, Marty Fleishman, but the only way I found that out was to pop out of the closet with my Glock drawn while Marty tampered with Bob’s computer.
Rufus was sitting outside the office, in the official SUV marked “Sheriff”. His son, Rusty, was with him, keeping him company and learning the ropes of surveillance on his winter break from the University of Vermont. The pair was waiting for the bad guy to leave, so they could tail and identify him. Me? I was supposed to monitor the intruder’s activities in the office. Observe and report. Why did I come out of the closet? The answer is simple. Bob showed up unexpectedly. Talk about bad timing. The second that door opened, the thief was up and out of Bob’s desk chair, grabbing the USB stick with all the evidence on it.
“Marty? What are you doing?” the stunned financial planner asked. The only answer he got was a shove as the assailant took off.
You might expect the chubby guy to run down the stairs, but that didn’t happen. Instead, he ran to the end of the second floor hallway in the Kinsey Building, opened up the window, and crawled out onto the adjacent roof of Voneger’s Bridal. What could I do? I followed, even as Bob was screaming obscenities at his former partner.
It shouldn’t have been all that complicated. I holstered my weapon and I gingerly made my way across the icy asphalt shingles. I could see the middle-aged, pudgy man struggling to keep his balance as he crawled ahead of me on hands and knees. That gave me the advantage of speed and agility, which I used to my advantage, covering ten feet quickly. As I reached down to apprehend the suspect by the collar, the bastard turned around, looked me right in the eye, and kicked me in the knee. It was just enough to knock me off balance. Screaming as I slid down the roof, I desperately tried to grab the gutter even as I flipped head over heels. I caught the edge of the metal lip and that briefly stopped my freefall. I hung suspended in air for a split second before I went feet first at warp speed towards the ground. Even as I felt myself flying through the air, I prayed. Please don’t let me kill myself, God.
Winter is a funny thing. With all that cold weather in the Green Mountains often comes snow, and with snow comes snow removal. It was my lucky day, because the Bartle brothers, who have the contract to plow the streets of Latimer Falls, had managed to do what I had often cited them for doing. They dumped the snow from the streets in the alley behind the Kinsey Building, just about blocking the back door completely, which is a violation of the fire code. Even as I hit that pile of crusty snow, I decided I was going to cut them a break just this once. When I landed on the top of the heap, I felt my boots briefly grip the surface, but then suddenly, as the rest of my weight caught up, they went out from under me, and I was sliding on my fanny. Bumping and thumping, I tumbled all the way down to the pavement, where I lay sprawled in a very undignified position as I tried to catch my breath. That would have been bad enough, but what happened next just added insult to injury.
“Damn!” said a male voice from above me. That was followed by a rather loud scraping sound. That’s when I saw a black loafer drop and slide about ten feet before coming to a stop. I should have figured that there would be more to come, but at that point, I was still optimistic that I had reached the end of my danger phase and was now in recovery. Boy, was that a mistaken assumption. Smack! That other black loafer landed on the top of my head, and as I winced, it bounced off my right shoulder and skidded across the icy surface of the alley. It was followed by a very loud groan and the creak of the gutter as it gave way under the weight of the suspect, and the next thing I knew, I was desperately scrambling to get out of the path of the two-hundred pound ex-partner of Bob Kinsey. Marty Fleishman’s legs struck the top of the heap first, breaking up a substantial chunk of that snow pile. I heard that horrible sound as his left femur snapped like a twig.
“Aww-grrr!” A primeval animal sound reverberated through the night air as the pain went from possibility to cold, hard reality for the suspect. I wiggled my fanny as fast as I could to avoid the rest of his bulk, but I just wasn’t fast enough. His head landed on my rear end with a hard thwack. Sometimes it pays to have a little padding. I guess he has me to thank for preventing a concussion.
“Gabby!” I could hear my boss hollering my name, even as I was trying to stand up and read the suspect his rights.
“Here, Sheriff!”
“You okay?” He was a good twenty yards away. I could see his silhouette in the soft glow of the street lamp.
“We’re going to need an ambulance,” I yelled back. “Suspect fell off the roof, too.”
Rufus had his son call it in as he came to my assistance. By that time, Bob had also joined us.
“Marty, how could you?” The financial planner was aghast. “How long have you been stealing from those accounts?”
“I want a lawyer!” said the man with a broken leg, the words coming out in gasps between tightly clenched teeth.
“Lawyer, my ass!” Who knew the financial planner could move that fast? The next thing we knew, Rufus and I were pulling Bob off his former partner. It was understandable that the man responsible for all those pension investments wanted to pummel the life out of the man who siphoned off the funds. We didn’t want to have to charge Bob with assault, so we broke it up. I yanked him away from the snow pile with both hands, even as my legs wobbled and weebled to keep me upright.
“It’s okay, Bob. Take a breath. We’ve got the guy,” I reminded him. “He’s not going anywhere.”
A short chirp of a siren wail announced the arrival of Earl, one of the other deputies. Rusty must have called him at home after he requested an ambulance. My colleague pulled his vehicle into the alley, aiming the headlights at the snow pile and giving us some light to see by. That was good, because it took another fifteen minutes for the ambulance to arrive from three towns over. That’s the thing about Latimer Falls. We’re kind of in the middle of nowhere.
Doc was already at work by the time the medical van arrived. The patient was sedated, his vitals were recorded, and Doc had a list of notes for the ER team at Fletcher-Allen Medical Center in Burlington.
We put Bob in Earl’s car, to keep him out of trouble, while we waited to get Marty on the stretcher. He ranted and raved about his former partner the entire time. By then, I was in a world of hurt. The bruises were emerging all over my body, and I twisted uncomfortably on the passenger seat beside Bob.
“Gabby,” said the official police physician as the volunteer ambulance team finished packing Marty Fleishman onto the stretcher,” how are you?”
“Fine, Doc. Nothing wrong with me,” I assured him.
“Yeah?” I could see the physician’s beady little eyes studying me. Then he looked up at the roof and down to the snow pile below it. “You sure about that?”
“I was actually pretty good till I got hit in the head with the shoe and then hit in the butt with his big, fat head,” said I, shaking my head sadly.
“Oh, to be a fly on the wall,” Doc smiled. “I’ll be imagining that scene in my sleep tonight.”
“It could have been worse. The guy could have landed right on top of me.”
“True, Gabby. I’m still going to have to examine you for the incident report. Either that or you have to go to the Emergency Room. What’s it going to be?”
That’s how I found out that I was just suffering from contusions. Even now, almost twenty-four hours later, my muscles still protested every time I tried to use them. The long train trip down to New York City saved me from sitting behind the wheel of my trusty VW bug. That would have been unbearable. But I had no idea that, as painful as my injuries were, they were nothing compared to the pain Annette was experiencing.
She returned twenty minutes later, eyes puffy and pink. She sunk into the chair opposite me.
“I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have yelled at you, Gabby.” Another sniff and a dab at the eyes with some wadded-up tissues.
“Why am I here?” I wondered. “You said it was an emergency.”
“It’s not important. Shall we go out for a bite?” It was in her eyes -- that utterly defeated look. As long as I had been the junior cousin, tagging along after the older mentor, Nettie had been in charge. But as I observed her now, I could see the dark circles under her eyes that were sure signs of sleepless nights, the nervously chewed fingernails, and the chapped line of her lower lip. How long had Annette been fretting? 
“What is going on, Nettie? First, you call me up, begging me to come down and help you with a problem you won’t explain, and now you’re telling me to forget it. I just spent almost ten hours on the train to get here. Please tell me I didn’t waste my time sitting on my fanny all day on the ‘Vermonter’.”
“It doesn’t matter. There really isn’t anything you can really do,” she insisted.
“Try me.”
“No, Gabby. Let’s just make the best of a bad situation and have a pleasant weekend.”
“I didn’t come to have a pleasant weekend, as tempting as that might be,” I retorted. “You said you had a problem. What was it?”
“I’d rather not say,” she replied, brushing at imaginary lint as she sat on the edge of the chair.
“I don’t really care whether or not you feel like telling me. I want to know.”
“It’s...it’s embarrassing.” Sure enough, there was the telltale blush spreading up from her neck like a flame.

Chapter Two --

“This is me, Gabby. Your cousin. The one relative who has been with you through thick and thin. What could possibly be more embarrassing than the Pete DeGeneres episode?”
“Oh, crap!” she groaned. Pete was the first guy after Paul died. He lasted all of three weeks before he went back to the wife he forgot to tell Nettie he had. Not much of a romance there, but boy, was there sex. It turned out that far from being the misunderstood husband in a loveless marriage, Pete’s thing was to get himself entangled with available women and then drop hints to his wife. He knew she’d come after him -- it turned out he liked to stage big public scenes when he was ready to dump his latest conquest. In Nettie’s case, they were in the elevator of her apartment building, getting naked between floors. Apparently, when the button didn’t summon the elevator car, Pete’s wife happened to catch a passing maintenance man, who pried open the doors from the outside, giving the rest of the lobby crowd quite a peep show. That time, Nettie took a week’s vacation time and consoled herself up at Black Forest Farm, in the bosom of her loving family. By the time she left Latimer Falls, she was almost back to normal, at least enough to notice the muscles Earl was sporting under his rather tight deputy shirt. Something told me this new problem also involved a man.
“Tell me about him.”
“Him?” There was alarm in those eyes.
“What’s his name? How did you two meet?” I paused, waiting for her to fill in the blanks. Alas, she simply stared down at her lap, avoiding eye contact. That’s never a good sign. “Let me try it from a different angle. You said you’re afraid you’re going to lose your job and that you won’t get another. Why would you get fired?”
“I did something dumb, Gabby.”
“And?” I prompted her.
“There was a man at work,” she sniffed. “We got involved. It didn’t last long.”
I waited for more, but it didn’t come. From where I sat, it was beginning to look like a very long evening. “What’s the problem?”
“I...I might have given him some confidential information about...about the company.”
“Oh, dear.” Nettie worked for a real estate developer. The only information I could see that might have value would involve either money or land. “What kind of confidential information?”
“About 1423, the new condos in Queens. It’s an old factory complex we’re renovating.”
“How confidential?” I was beginning to feel like I should have gone to dental school, because this was a lot like pulling teeth. Too bad I didn’t have any laughing gas handy. I could have used a whiff myself along about now.
“He wanted to know about the bids we received on the concrete.”
“Why would he want to know about that?”
“The starting bid for Phase One of the project was $300,000.” Nettie sighed, her shoulders slumping in the chair. “I should have known better, Gabby. I should have realized that he was using me to get the information for nefarious purposes.”
“Meaning?”
“He only romanced me to get the details.” Those blue eyes slowly rose up, chin following. When they finally met my gaze, they locked on, hard and fast. For the first time since I could recall, my cousin was genuinely perplexed, unable to hoist the baton and lead the parade through town. I was in charge by default.
“Maybe. How did he end the relationship?”
“He didn’t.”
“He didn’t?” I decided to try a different venue. “When did you last see him?”
“Two weeks ago. He said goodbye at the end of the day and that was that. He never came back to work. He never collected his paycheck. He never called in sick. He just disappeared. Now my boss is all over my ass about how the bids for Phase Two are due to be presented to the investors and they’re out of whack with Phase One. The lowest is nearly twice the price of the original.”
“Maybe the price of concrete has gone up.”
“I checked. The market price went up anywhere from about seven to twenty percent last year, not eighty. It doesn’t make any sense. And we only got three bids this time, instead of six.”
“Why do you think Prince Charming is involved? And what exactly do you think he did?”
“He had to have taken the job at Frist and Company to get information, Gabby. Once he got it, he was gone within twenty-four hours.”
“What’s his name?”
“Joe Fortuna.”
“Where does he live?”
“Jersey.” 
“Oh?” That sounded really vague. Too vague. There was something about that answer that raised suspicion. “In other words, you never saw where he lived?”
“No. He...stayed here half a dozen nights.” I couldn’t help it. My eyebrows went up. Had Nettie met another Pete, a guy out for a quickie? “It wasn’t like that! He slept in the guest room!”
“Weekends or weekdays?”
“Why?”
“Married guys aren’t usually available for weekends. During the week, they can claim to their wives they’re away on business and it sounds legitimate in most cases.”
“Oh,” she nodded. A moment later, I got my answer. “Both. Three weekend nights, three weekday nights.”
“Listen, I’m kind of tired after being on the train for so long. Do you have a decent bottle of wine in this place? And how about we call out for pizza, so we can hash this mess out?”
Two hours later, we had established that Nettie photocopied those bids and brought them to Louie’s Restaurant, where Joe bought her dinner and plied her with Chianti Classico and Amaretto. Apparently, the man knew Nettie’s weaknesses. He came to work the following day, spent most of his time working on the monthly reports, and stopped at her desk on his way out, to say he’d see her in the morning.
“Joe didn’t call? Didn’t email you?”
“No, nothing.”
“And you checked his apartment in Jersey?”
“I can’t. I don’t know where he lives, Gabby. And the only phone number I have for him is his cell. I left him ten messages. I even checked the papers to make sure that he wasn’t injured or dead. Do you know I can’t find any Joe Fortuna at that cell phone number? According to the search I did, it belongs to a Mike Alves.”
“Okay,” I told her. “That’s something. Did you do an image search?”
There it was again, that little nod of defeat. She picked up the bottle and poured some more into my glass, before emptying the rest into her own. “It was him.”
“Ha,” I said, more to myself than to Nettie. Something wasn’t right. For a guy who was out to get information, he wasn’t coming off as a complete rat. He was beginning to look like a cop on a case.
“Who else had his cell phone number?” I asked her. “Everyone at work?”
“No. The company provides cell phones for some of the employees, and Joe had one. But one night when we were out, he said he often let phone calls go to voicemail after hours, and he wanted me to have his personal cell number.”
“Which phone did you use to leave him messages?” I wondered.
“Both. I called his work cell during the day because Mr. Frist wanted to know where that report was. And then, when I hadn’t heard from him all day, I tried his personal cell.”
“And there was no response at all? No missed calls? No emails that could have been from him, even using a different name?”
“I don’t follow you, Gabby. Are you suggesting he tried to get in touch with me and I missed it?”
“Don’t know,” I admitted. “He doesn’t come off as a total bum. Did you check the hospitals to see if he had been injured, or did you just read the papers?”
“You think something happened to him?”
“It’s possible, Nettie, that his disappearance isn’t what you think.” The more I thought about it, the more it seemed likely. He kept her at arm’s length, but gave her his personal cell phone number. He stayed in her guest room, but didn’t put the moves on her? Right there, that’s highly suspicious. Either the guy is the last living gentleman on the planet or he didn’t want to compromise his source of information. Maybe this was more about those concrete bids and less about the romance. In a way, that seemed like harsh news to share with Nettie. If I pointed out the fact that he was a gentleman who scammed her out of confidential business news, she’d think it was because she was totally undesirable. But the truth is there is often an organized crime element in the building trades, especially in a city like New York. If Joe Fortuna wasn’t working for a competitor, it was possible he was a cop doing his job, and that could only mean one thing. He was working undercover on a case. Maybe he was trying to keep her name out of it. Only one way to find out.
“You still have that number?”
“Gabby, what are you planning to do?” I had a sudden flashback to the summer Nettie turned twenty-two and she confided to me that she had a crush on the cute guy from Poughkeepsie. She didn’t want him to know she thought he was Adonis in jeans. Me? I was nearly seventeen and full of myself. When she pointed him out at the coffee shop, I marched right up to him and asked him why he hadn’t yet asked her out. What did he think was wrong with my cousin? Put on the spot like that, Paul stuttered that as far as he knew, there wasn’t any problem. And could I please tell him who my cousin was? I had pointed to the mortified Nettie across the room, cringing behind the post. With a grace that marked their nearly-twenty-year marriage, he crossed the distance, put out his hand, and introduced himself to her with enough gallantry to choke a horse. Annette was more than smitten. She was head over heels. Before that cup of coffee ended, so was Paul.
You might wonder what brought that up. The answer is simple. Nettie can be one giant pain in the presidulator, at times overbearing and pushy, but when it comes to her heart, she’s not one to take a leap, especially when she thinks a man has doubts about her. When Paul told her he needed to take a break from their relationship, she was convinced it was because he didn’t love her. The truth was the man was steeling himself to make the biggest decision of his life. Nettie totally freaked out and started dating every guy who asked her out. She made a big show of moving on, but I wasn’t buying it. Unfortunately, she was pretty successful at convincing Paul. When he saw she wasn’t home pining away for him, he decided that she didn’t care about him after all, so he took a job in Long Island. I ran into him one day in Central Park, when I was playing Frisbee with some friends.
“Boy, you’ve got some nerve dumping my cousin,” I had warned him at the time. “You must be completely out of your head!”
“Me? What about her? She’s dating the entire cast of ‘Aida’!”
“Only because you don’t want to see her anymore!”
“That’s not true!” he snapped at me. “I want to marry her!”
“Well, you’d better hurry up and tell her that, because a couple of those guys are in line to heal her broken heart!”
Looking back on that fortuitous meeting and the marriage that resulted, I studied Nettie now. Was it possible that Joe Fortuna actually cared about my cousin? I had to know.
“Can I have it?” I pulled out my cell phone, ready to dial. With a shrug of her shoulders and a feigned disinterest, she read off the numbers and waited for me to punch them in. When it rang and went to greeting, I listened.
This is Mike Alves. I have been called away from my phone, but if you leave your name and number, I’ll call you back as soon as I can.
I put a hand over the phone and quickly asked a vital question. “Nettie, when you called that number the first time, what was the name of the man doing the greeting?”
“Joe Fortuna,” she responded. I cut her off to leave a message for Mike Alves.
“Mr. Alves, this is Deputy Gabriella Grimm of the Latimer Falls, Vermont Sheriff’s Department. You’re probably wondering why I am calling you. I have a spot of trouble here concerning a woman by the name of Annette Dupuis. This number was found on her cell phone and I was wondering if you could help us to clarify the nature of your relationship. If you could call me back at your earliest convenience, I’d appreciate it.” Before I hung up, I left my cell phone number, and reiterated my request that Mr. Alves contact me.
“You think he’ll call back?”
“Maybe,” I told her. The truth was I was hoping that he would and that he’d have a logical explanation.
Ten minutes later, my cell phone buzzed on the coffee table, as Nettie and I were reminiscing about Paul. It was the sheriff.
“Rufus, what’s up?” My boss knew I was headed to see my cousin in the city. Why was he calling me?
“Gabby, what the hell kind of mess have you gotten yourself into now?”
“Excuse me?”
“I just got a call from an assistant special agent-in-charge in the New York FBI field office, wanting to know how you got the phone number of a man by the name of Mike Alves.”
“Long story,” I said in reply.
“Give me the short version.”
“The guy was romancing my cousin. He compromised her and left her in the lurch. I’m trying to figure out how to resurrect her reputation.”
“Well, I just got my ass chewed out by a very irate FBI agent, who told me in no uncertain terms that I was to call you off the case.”
“Uh....”
“You can thank me later for not telling him there is no case. I suggest you get back here pronto and bring your cousin with you, so I can say we actually have a case and the jurisdiction that goes with it.”
“Right.” That sounded an awful lot like a direct order.
“By the way, this self-important, sanctimonious FBI piece of head cheese warned me that your cousin is in deep trouble for her connections to organized crime.”
“What? That doesn’t sound like Annette.”
“Well, that’s the word he gave me. The FBI is taking a long hard look at her for federal charges.”
“Seriously? Rufus, something’s just not right here. This guy, Joe Fortuna....”
“Gabby, save it. Don’t tell me over the phone. Get back here now and we’ll work it through in person. In the meantime, I’ll call Ronny Glieb, just in case either of you need a good defense attorney."

Chapter Three --

“Holy mother of pearl, are you freaking kidding me?” I stuttered, utterly incredulous. “Why would I need a defense attorney for trying to help my cousin find a missing guy?”
“Maybe the guy is a lot more than missing. Or maybe you blew an undercover op.”
“Geez,” I groaned. “How did this get so complicated?”
“Sounds like this was supposed to be a high profile case, Gabby, and you threw a monkey wrench at the gear box.”
“By wanting to talk to a guy who took off with confidential information he conned out of my cousin?” Rufus and his wife had socialized with Annette on her occasional visits to Latimer Falls. He knew she was a decent, law-abiding citizen.
“Bring whatever paperwork and documents your cousin has that might be relevant. We’ll go over it and see if we can sort this out with the feds.”
“Okay. Thanks.” I looked down at my watch. It was now a little before ten. “We’ll leave first thing in the morning.”
“Leave now,” the sheriff insisted. “I know these guys, Gabby. They could be tapping a judge for warrants as we speak. Get yourself out of there pronto.”
I couldn’t, for the life of me, understand why Rufus was so adamant about this. He was definitely spooked. I was starting to get scared myself. Annette working for the mob? That didn’t even make any sense. And just because I left a message for Mike Alves, that didn’t warrant all this fuss. Why not just ignore it? Or tell me I got the number wrong?
“Okay. We’ll be leaving shortly,” I promised.
“Gabby, do me a favor. Shut off your phone, pull out the battery, pick up a disposable, and call Ellie at home in about three hours. I want to know you’re okay.
“Rufus, is all this really necessary?” It seemed like an awful lot of trouble for a romance gone sour.
“Just do it,” he growled. “As a cop, I did a stint with the DEA as a liaison for a while, and whenever I saw federal agents get this nuts, it meant the case was so big, they were willing to use just about anyone as collateral damage. Your cousin sounds like she’s being set up as the perfect patsy, so maybe someone’s career is headed for the toilet if this goes bad.”
“Maybe. I’ll be in touch.”
By the time I got off the phone, Nettie was at my elbow, demanding answers. Alas, there wasn’t time.
“Pack a bag. We’re heading to Vermont.”
“Now?”
“Now. Joe Fortuna’s in some kind of mess and the FBI is looking at you for mob activity. We’ve got to get you to Latimer Falls and sort this out. My boss wants all your documents, paperwork, anything that might pertain to this case.”
“I left it all at the office,” she admitted.
“Can we get in there?”
“I guess. There’s a night watchman, but it wouldn’t be the first time I went in at night to pick up papers.”
“Great. You go pack. I’m just going to check my emails.” I flipped on my laptop computer and waited for it to boot up. I wanted to check my three accounts, to see if Sam Hogan had been in touch yet. The love of my life was on a covert mission and the usual communication was overdue by a week. But then, that’s the trouble with special ops guys. You can’t know what the assignment is, where it is, or what’s going on. Sam and I had been involved for the better part of a year now, so I was used to the periodic absences when he was whisked away to some God-forsaken hell hole to rout out the bad guys. Sometimes we got lucky and he was assigned stateside for a big chunk of time, but with the current fight on terrorism, he spent more and more of his time away. Lord, I missed him. Reluctantly, I shut off my computer and packed it away.
“Ready,” Nettie announced. She had changed out of her sweats and was wearing jeans and a pink scoop-necked sweater. She normally looked like she was still thirty-five, especially without any makeup, but her eyes were now almost swollen shut from all the tears shed. I wondered how she was going to drive.
“Now we look like twins who got the crap kicked out of us,” I decided.
“Are you telling me I look horrid?”
“We both do. And you know how that ‘misery loves company’ thing works. We’re two peas in a pod.”
“I’d be mad at you if it wasn’t for the fact that I know you’re right. Let’s go. My car’s downstairs in the garage.”
Twenty minutes later, we were parked outside Frist and Company. I sat in the car, watching Nettie walk into the building. A part of me was reluctant to let her out of my sight, but I figured it would seem a lot more legitimate if she went in alone to collect the papers. As the minutes ticked by, I considered what I was going to do if this went sour. I’d have to get into the building, but as a civilian. No jurisdiction here. The Latimer Falls badge wasn’t going to do diddily squat for me here.
Finally the door opened and two people came out from the lobby. One was dressed in jeans and a black wool coat. Annette. The other was in uniform, carrying what appeared to be a gingerbread house on a board. I saw my cousin point something at the car. The remote key fob. Scooting out of the front passenger seat, I went around to the back of her Toyota Corolla and lifted the trunk.
“Do you think it will fit?” I wondered, as the pair arrived. The security guard was confident it would.
“Thank you, Smitty.” Nettie poured on the feminine charm. “I don’t know what I would have done if you hadn’t been there to help me.”
“Oh, you would have managed. You’re a bright young woman.”
“Well, I appreciate it. Come on, Katie. We have to schlep this over to the Fountain House for the Christmas party.”
Katie? Just as I was about to ask her who Katie was, Nettie gave me a little push back towards the front passenger seat.
“Thanks again. If I don’t see you, have a Merry Christmas.”
“You, too, doll.”
As soon as Nettie was behind the wheel, she buckled her belt and the engine roared to life. “We’ve got to get out of here!”
“Oh?”
“My boss was in his office. He wanted to know what I was doing there. I told him I forgot to bring the gingerbread house to the venue where we’re having the Christmas party on Sunday. I made it last week.”
“Good cover.”
“You’re not the only one in the family with beauty, brains, and bluster, Gabby!” Even as she pulled onto the Henry Hudson Parkway, she was patting herself on the back.
“You’re just full of surprises,” I grinned. “Did you manage to get the documents?”
“Mr. Grimes was in the next room, working on a report for Mr. Frist, so I had to be careful. I didn’t dare take the originals, in case he needed them, but I did make copies.”
“You did?” I shifted my aching fanny in the seat. Boy, it was going to be a long drive. “Great work. At least we’ll be able to figure out what was so damaging that Joe Fortuna had to disappear. Where are they?”
“In here.” She handed me her purse. I opened it up, expecting to see the papers.
“Where?” For a brief moment, I worried that Nettie had left them behind.
“Pull up the bottom of my purse,” she instructed me. Sure enough, there was a false bottom.
“Where did you learn this little trick?”
“The security guards are really nosy. Once, when I had a lab test in my purse, Doug actually read it. That’s not part of the security process, Gabby.”
“Well,” I said, looking down at the pile in my lap, “they might have just been making sure you weren’t stealing documents. I guess it’s a good thing you took umbrage, because look at what we have.”
“Do you think they’re important?”
“I hope so, Net. We need to know why Joe Fortuna disappeared and Mike Alves took over his life.” I took out my cell phone and began to snap photos of the documents, trying to get them clear enough to read. When I was satisfied, I shut it off, pulled out the battery, and tucked both into a side pocket of my over-sized purse. “Now, let’s find an open store, so I can buy a new phone.”
The benefit of shopping three weeks before Christmas is that lots of stores are open late, so we were in luck. Annette sat in the car while I ran into Target and picked up a Tracfone with an unlimited data plan. I gave the young sales clerk a real sob story about losing my phone while on the road. He was sweet enough to let me use his cell phone to activate the service. I slipped him a ten.
“Have a little holiday cheer on me, Steve,” I told him.
“Thanks. Have a good one.”
“You, too.” I made my way past the late-night shoppers in search of bargains and out the front doors. As I slid into the passenger seat, I threw the box for the phone into my whale of a hobo bag and got to work photographing the documents with the replacement phone. Better safe than sorry.
“I thought you already did that,” Annette pointed out.
“This is what I’m sending to Rufus,” I explained. “The others are my back-up copies. I like to make sure I don’t lose the evidence.”
“That seems like overkill, Gabby.”
“Maybe so, but if Rufus told me to go to the trouble of buying a new phone, that tells me he was worried. And if he’s worried, I want to make sure we’re covered.”
“That’s silly. I made all those copies,” she pointed out. “It’s not like you don’t have the real thing in hand.”
I didn’t have the heart to explain to her my misgivings. Instead, I sent the photos off to Ellie before turning my attention back to the side mirror. For the last ten miles, the same dark sedan was hanging back, keeping a steady pace. All the other drivers on the highway in the wee small hours of the night were zipping past us, but not that one. That’s the benefit of having a cousin who’s a Nervous Nellie behind the wheel. She doesn’t drive all that much, especially in the city. The 2004 sedan was Paul’s, and the widow used it only for the occasional drive to the mall or for trips to visit family and friends. Otherwise, it stayed in the parking slot of her condo garage. When she did drive, it was rare she went over fifty miles an hour. Probably why I usually drove when we went somewhere together.
Normally, this rate of speed on the wide-open expanse of I-87 was enough to set my teeth on edge, but tonight, I was actually grateful. It was a good part of the reason why I wanted so many copies of the documents. I had a bad feeling about this situation, and I had to agree with Rufus that it was important to take security precautions.
Two and a half hours later, at quarter to three, we pulled off the highway in Albany for a pit stop at a 24-hour Mobil gas station on Central Avenue. Light snowflakes danced down from the sky like celestial visitors. Even as I looked at my cousin, I could see the fear building up in her. She’s terrified of rain and snow.
“Pull up to the pump,” I told her. “I’ve got this.”
“Shouldn’t we let the gas station attendant do it?” she asked naively. I shook my head in wonder. For all her city ways, Nettie really is at a loss when it comes to handling mundane everyday matters. Maybe it was that Paul was always her champion, ready to meet her every need. Or maybe it was that she just never found herself in the position of having to do some things for herself.
“Watch and learn,” I directed her. “Remember one rule about winter and gas pumps. When the air is dry, get rid of the static electricity before you pump. Not so much of a problem on a night like this. The humidity is up.”
I swiped my credit card, and lifted the nozzle to the hose. Nettie stepped back, alarmed. With one hand, I popped the door to the gas tank, unscrewed the cap, and loaded the nozzle into the hole. “And if you flip this little metal contraption, the gas pumps, hands free.”
“Oh, Gabby. You really are something else. You’re so...so competent at everything.” There was a touch of sadness in that voice.
“Nonsense. Look at you. Look at that gorgeous gingerbread house. A masterpiece of cookie architecture,” I pointed out.
“Well, I do work for a developer,” she acknowledged. “I’ve picked up some pointers over the years about construction. I just applied them to the gingerbread. Did you know I even put in trusses?”
“Really?” I laughed at the thought. “Gerhard is going to love this.”
My father, Gerhard Grimm, is a well-known architectural designer. There is nothing that gets him excited more than good construction.
“And cross-bracing. The gingerbread house is even based on the model of the carriage houses in Phase Two.”

Chapter Four --

“You copied one of the buildings for your development project?”
“I did. My boss was thrilled,” she confided as I pulled out the hose and returned it to the pump. I grabbed a printed receipt.
“Impressive. Want me to drive from here?” I asked. I wondered how my sore derriere would fare in the driver’s seat for the next two and a half hours. I’d have to risk it. There was no way Annette was going to last through even a dusting of snow. Nothing for me to do but take some Advil and suck it up. Thank God we hadn’t drowned our sorrows in that bottle of wine. I needed to be alert. Holding out my hand, I waited for the hand-off. “Keys.”
“Are you sure? You’re still in a lot of pain. I don’t want you to....”
“Nettie, I’m happy to drive the rest of the way. You’re unfamiliar with the route, you hate driving in the snow, and I’m a much better driver. Besides,” I teased. “I want to get there before Christmas.”
In the darkness, I could feel her relief. It was in her tiny groan and the way she quickly thrust the keychain into my waiting hand. I got into the driver’s seat and turned on the engine as she got in beside me. Less than thirty seconds later, I had pulled into a parking space in front of the Mobil station’s all-night convenience store. I grabbed the Frist documents in one hand as I climbed out of the passenger side, threw my purse over my shoulder, and after shutting the door, I pushed the lock button on the remote. Popping the trunk of the Corolla, I handed my purse to Nettie and carefully examined the Christmas scene in front of me.
“Does this roof come off?” I wondered. “Can I lift up the house?”
“No, Gabby. Everything is cemented to the board with royal icing.”
“Shoot,” I moaned. And then I saw it, that small window of opportunity. “What’s with the snow?”
“What do you mean?” Annette hovered over my shoulder. She pointed to the batting that covered the top of the miniature winter landscape. “This stuff?”
“Can I get into it without ruining everything?”
“Why?”
“I want to hide the papers in there. Can I do it?”
“Maybe, if you roll up the documents.” She got busy poking a small hole in the soft, cottony snow. I grabbed an elastic hair band from my makeup case and rolled the documents as tightly as I could. Carefully slipping the tube of papers through the tiny hole in the batting, I maneuvered them into position and they suddenly bolstered a nice little ledge of snow behind the gingerbread house.
“Gee, that looks good, Gabby. You’d never even know they’re there.”
“Except for the hole in the batting,” I pointed out.
“Not for long,” she grinned. She reached around me and grabbed a plastic case. “My stash. Ah, here we go. Thumbtacks.”
In a matter of a few seconds, not only had she fastened the tube of papers to the board, she had concealed the opening under the batting. For all intents and purposes, this gingerbread house was merely the quintessential holiday decoration, to be enjoyed and admired. When she stood up again, I gave it my approval. Glancing over my left shoulder, I could see that dark sedan parked a good fifty yards away, sheltered by shadows. Where was the driver?
“Now, how about a quick trip to the ladies room and a cup of coffee?” I suggested.
There was a lone clerk behind the counter in the small convenience store attached to the gas station. We nodded to the young Asian woman on our way to the ladies room.
“At least the place is clean,” said my cousin as she disappeared in one of the two stalls. I took the other. “If there’s one thing I can’t stand, it’s a dirty bathroom.”
“Tell me about it,” I agreed.
Moments later, I came out of the stall and washed my hands. The glare of the fluorescent lights at that time of night was scary. As I looked at my face in the mirror, I could see bags under my eyes. It had been a tough couple of days.
“Not the most flattering light,” I noted as my cousin ran a brush through her hair at the sink beside me.
“I told you you look like crap, Gabby.”
“Gee, you’re too kind,” I laughed. She had a point. That tumble off the roof of the Kinsey Building had left me feeling ancient. The first thing I was going to do when we got to Black Forest Farm was to drop her off at Gerhard and Ervina’s. The second thing would be to take a long, hot bath. I could already imagine how good it would feel to soak away the aches and pains in all that lovely water. And then I would climb into my nice, comfy bed and pull my down comforter over my exhausted body, shutting my eyes for a hundred years. At least I was still on disability leave from that fall, so I wasn’t expected back at the sheriff’s office until Monday at the earliest. I followed my cousin out the door of the restroom, down the short hall, and into the store, where we gazed at the coffee carafes lined up on the counter.
“Snickerdoodle.” Nettie grabbed a paper cup and helped herself.
“That sounds Christmas-y,” I decided, following suit. As I was putting the lid on my cup, I noticed the outside door open and two men stumble in. I let my eyes take in the details. Caucasian teenagers, wearing knit caps, dark jackets, acting twitchy. The cop in me reached instinctively for my Glock as they leaned over the counter, where the clerk was suddenly cowering. That’s when I remembered I locked it in the glove compartment of Annette’s Toyota. “Crap.”
I left the cup on the counter and grabbed my cousin’s elbow to move her out of the way, even as I dialed 911.
“What’s your emergency?” the operator asked.
“Robbery in progress. The Mobil station on Central Avenue, just off I-87. Two suspects. They’ve just threatened the clerk,” I announced quietly. Even as I gave my name, I pulled Nettie down behind the store shelf, out of sight. A lot of good it did me. They must have spotted us in the circular security mirror at the front of the store.
“Hey, there’s two customers!” an excited male voice shouted as he came around the corner. I cringed, knowing what that meant. “Give me your purses!”
“No!” said Nettie firmly.
“Hurry up, lady! I’m not kidding around!”
“Tell them, Gabby! Tell them you’re a deputy!”
“Annette, that’s not really a good idea...,” I started to say.
“She’ll bust your butt!” said the defiant crime-buster. Even as I pulled her up to her feet, I raised my hands in the air reluctantly. The rule of survival is that when you’re staring down the barrel of a loaded gun and you’re unarmed, consider cooperating until you run out of options, your back is against the wall, and there’s no other way to avoid an untimely death. There are few purses in this world that I would surrender my life to save. After all, a handbag is only a few pieces of leather stitched together. Better not to aggravate the hopped-up thief with a drug problem, because impulse control is one of the first things to go on an addict.
“They don’t care if I’m a deputy sheriff,” I said in an even tone, hoping to figure out how I was going to prevent these two idiots from stealing my purse, and the evidence with it.
“This one’s a cop!” the young man in the dark jacket hollered over his shoulder.
“Damn!” grunted the second man holding the frightened store clerk. “Shoot her!”
“What?” the three of us asked at the same time. I could feel Nettie’s fear as the realization fell upon her like two feet of packed powder on the ski trail. She was suddenly a mass of quivering jelly and I had all I could do to hold her upright.
“Kill them!” came the command again.
“Hold on there, son,” I told the young man in front of me. “That’s not really a good idea.”
Even as I spoke, I was moving away from my cousin, hoping to divert the young gunman’s attention. If I was going to get shot, I wanted to see the face of the other guy giving the order. Backing up towards the front counter, I led the teenage boy in the black knit cap along with me. Nettie had the good sense to drop to her knees and hug the floor as we disappeared out of sight. A moment later, we were out in the open, moving towards the cashier’s counter.
“Whoa! Jason, what the hell are you doing? I told you to pop them.”
“I’m not going to shoot her! Geez, Marky. We’re robbing a convenience store. Get the money and let’s go!”
“She can identify us!” Marky insisted, his gun pointed at the clerk’s head. I could see the poor woman tearing up as she shivered in the tight grasp of a very shaky gunman. I wondered if he was on something. Meth, maybe. Or crack. Was he past the point I could reason with him?
“So?” Jason was baffled. “That doesn’t mean we have to kill her!”
“Hey,” I piped in.”I’m from Vermont. I’m not even allowed to arrest you guys. I was just driving home to Burlington with my cousin.”
“Get her gun!” Marky told Jason, waving his weapon in our direction.
“I don’t actually have it here, guys. I left it locked in the glove compartment out in the car. In the parking lot. In the Toyota Corolla,” I added helpfully. “It’s not going to do me much good at the moment, is it?”
Even as I turned on the feminine charm, trying desperately to convince them I was pretty harmless, I could hear the sirens wailing down the avenue. Talk about bad timing. Or was it good? Hard to tell at the moment.
“Aw, damn!” Marky heard it, too. “The cops!”
“Maybe they’re not coming here,” Jason offered, ever the optimist.
“Oh, they’re coming here! They’re definitely coming here!” Marky panicked. He knew fate was finally catching up to him. “I’m on parole! I can’t afford to get caught!”
“Ouch!” cried the clerk as Marky shoved her in my direction and aimed his handgun. I caught her as she came skidding at me.
“Drop it!” From out of nowhere came a male voice, and when Marky hesitated, trying to track the sound, I heard a ping, followed by a loud crash as a bottle of Gatorade exploded right by Marky’s black-capped head. “Now!”
Jason quickly complied, Marky not so much. A second shot came closer.
“Now! Drop the weapon!”
This time, the young gunman lowered his handgun, shaky fingers quivering, and laid it on the floor, but even as he did, I could see him trying to figure out if he could still save himself. We couldn’t see the sniper and that left Marky with few options.
“Don’t even think about it! Hands on your heads!” commanded that determined male voice again. I know the sound of law enforcement when I hear it.
Even as Marky and Jason complied, uniformed officers were approaching cautiously. I could see them at the door, weapons drawn. They looked a little confused when they saw the two suspects with their hands on top of their heads, and they weren’t the only ones. I was a little confused myself. But I knew an opportunity when I saw one. Gingerly stepping past Jason and Marky, I collected the weapons on my way to the door to invite the cops in. Even as they brushed past me, I could see another patrol car arriving on the scene. When it rolled to a stop in front of the store, I handed over the two weapons to the cop emerging from the driver’s seat.
“Suspects disarmed. Deputy Sheriff Gabriella Grimm, Latimer Falls, Vermont.”
“Sergeant Paul Rushmore,” he replied. “Any injuries?”
I gave him a rundown, explaining that I had no real role in disarming the suspects. “We couldn’t see the cop. He came in through the back.”
“That doesn’t make any sense,” said the officer as he held the door open for me. “All my guys are right here.”
We both went towards the back of the store. Where was Annette? “My cousin stayed hidden. She’s got to be around here somewhere.”
“I don’t see her,” said the cop, checking the aisles. “Maybe she snuck out the back door.
Sure enough, the latch was undone. I poked my head out, looking for Annette. No luck. Maybe she went and hid by the car.
“Annette?” I called out. “It’s okay now. The cops are here!”
“Gabby!” She stood up from the shadows of her Toyota Corolla and promptly burst into tears. “Oh, that was terrible!”
“Did you see the cop who came through the back door?” I asked. We needed to find the guy. After all, there would be an incident report to write, and the local force needed the information.
“What cop?”
“The one who came through the back door.”
“I didn’t see any cop. There was a guy in jeans, but he left as soon as the police cars arrived.”

Chapter Five --

“Ma’am,” said Sergeant Rushmore, “is there any chance you saw him? Can you give us a description?”
“I don’t know. Average, maybe. He had a dark baseball cap on and his collar up. I didn’t really see him. Once I got out of there, I just ran like crazy and hid. Gabby, I’m so sorry I told those guys you were a deputy.”
“Don’t worry about it, Nettie. Now, did you see him get into his car?”
“Yes, but I couldn’t see much. He parked way down there.” She pointed to the spot where I had seen the dark sedan. “I think it was a big car.”
There it was, the little piece of information I needed. We were being followed by a cop, not a thug. He saved our lives and then took off. This thing with Annette and Joe Fortuna must be a very big deal indeed, if we merited this kind of a professional tail.
Another half hour passed as we gave the cops all the information, wrote up statements, signed them, and bid them farewell. Even as I slid behind the wheel and got comfortable in my cousin’s car, I felt better about the rest of the journey. If that cop had protected us from a couple of punks, it wasn’t likely that he would just leave us now. Somewhere along the route, he would rejoin us. That meant three things. Folks knew we were heading to Vermont, those documents were important, and Annette might really be in serious danger, legal or otherwise. I was glad I tucked the roll of Frist concrete bids into the gingerbread house, safely ensconced in the trunk as we got back onto I-87.
We went another twenty miles on the interstate before I caught another glimpse of that dark sedan. By the time we crossed over into Vermont, I was having trouble keeping the pain of all those bruises at bay, but at least I wasn’t fighting exhaustion. All that agony was helping to keep me wide awake. Beside me, Nettie was dozing fitfully, shaking herself awake every ten minutes or so. Finally, taking pity on her, I told her to go ahead and sleep.
“At least one of us will get a little rest.”
“No, Gabby. I should keep you company,” she insisted, struggling to keep her eyes open. I glanced in the rearview mirror and saw the familiar headlights, keeping their distance.
“It’s okay, Annette. I’m fine.” Frankly, if there was trouble, I was probably a lot safer if Annette was asleep. I wouldn’t have to worry about her getting in the way, at least not until she was awake.
There’s an old gag line you sometimes hear on construction sites when someone who’s less than helpful volunteers to help. “Go wait in the truck.” That’s because in the time it takes to explain what needs to be done and how it should be done, you could already have it finished the job. Sometimes it’s not practical to waste time trying to teach a dog any new tricks. Annette and law enforcement weren’t really a good mix. She was too anxious about criminals to appreciate that cool heads prevail, too easily panicked to realize that incidents could be avoided if people were handled safely. Even though she managed to smuggle those documents out of Frist and Company under the noses of her bosses and the security guard, I was pretty sure that if the bullets started flying again, I’d be worrying about her sticking her foot in her mouth yet again. Annette had always been a very bossy kid, and that hadn’t changed with the decades. She often told people what to do and how to do it, even if she didn’t know what she was talking about. Normally, that wasn’t a problem. Most people shrug that kind of thing off. But in cop circles, sometimes a big mouth can get you into a lot of hot water.
Watching Nettie fall back to sleep, an idea popped into my conscious mind. Maybe part of the reason she was now in trouble wasn’t because she was involved in the bid-rigging scheme, but because she was such a busybody. What if Joe Fortuna was an FBI agent by the name of Mike Alves? What if he was worried she’d shoot her mouth off? Maybe he knew she had a deputy sheriff as a cousin, just like he knew that when things got complicated, she would call me to help her. Had he been counting on that? How else could you explain why the guy gave her his personal cell phone, even though he knew he would be using his real name, which would cause some confusion? Maybe he romanced her and then blew her off on purpose, leaving her in the lurch with the hope I would step in and take over the babysitting job. The more I thought about it, the more it made sense. If Annette thought there was something illegal going on at Frist and Company, she’d feel the need to fix it. And if this was part of an organized crime game, that might make her a victim. A victim with a brand new pair of shoes, made with the very concrete that was now in question. Had Alves had us tailed to make sure I got my cousin to Black Forest Farm safely? An FBI agent discharging his weapon during a convenience store robbery would be a problem, so that might explain why the guy made such a fast exit. Had Rufus gotten the FBI call as a way to ratchet up the pressure on me to take care of Nettie on my home turf? I was transporting her across state lines. If the bad guys came after her, it was likely they, too, would have to cross those same state lines. Was the FBI killing two legal birds with one stone and saving some budget money in the process? The bad guys would be compounding their crimes by coming after her in Vermont, allowing the Department of Justice to add charges to the indictment, and the FBI would skip witness protection procedures and costs, thanks to me.
Normally, I’d be pretty riled up about such a cheesy move, but ever since Paul died, Annette really did need the support of the Grimm family. I had little doubt that my dad and stepmom would be thrilled to take her into their home and keep her safe on the farm. And who knows, maybe she’d even enjoy it. After all, Christmas was fast approaching. What better place to be than on Black Forest Farm, where Ervina was baking night and day and Gerhard was about to harvest the frozen grapes for his ice wine. There was plenty to keep Nettie busy and there were lots of farm hands to deter any effort to kidnap her.
Just before six, I pulled into the driveway of Black Forest Farm, and it was a good thing. My right leg was stiff and cramped. I drove past my carriage house and headed for Gerhard and Ervina’s place. Driving up the back door, I put the car in park and turned off the ignition.
“Wake up, sleepy head,” I softly encouraged Nettie, hoping to rouse her from her slumber.
“Are we there?” she wondered, stretching out in the seat as she came awake.
“We are.”
Pablo came out of the cow barn and gave me a wave.
“Gabby, we have a new calf!” the dairy worker announced. “Healthy and hungry.”
“Wonderful,” I said. It was. There was nothing more delightful than an animal birth, whether it was a kid, a calf, a foal, a puppy, or a kitten. There was new life on the farm and we all took pleasure in watching the antics of the young. I introduced Annette. “My cousin is visiting for a few weeks.”
“Want a hand with the luggage?” he offered. It was too good an opportunity to turn down, especially with my fanny feeling the bruises of my roof tumble. I popped the trunk as Annette wiggled her sleepy limbs.
“What the....” The gingerbread house was gone. “Oh, come on!”
“What’s the matter?” Pablo wanted to know. Those accented words rolled off his tongue like a purr off a cat. He was Argentinean, raised on a cattle farm on the plain, and with his brown hair and dark eyes, he arrived at Black Forest Farm with the smoldering good looks of the soccer star he once was, a degree in animal science, and ten years of experience as a livestock expert. He and Steve handled the dairy business for Gerhard.
“We ran into a little trouble on the way here. Someone tried to rob a convenience store when we were getting coffee. Now it looks like someone took advantage and stole Annette’s gingerbread house. Damn!’
“It’s gone?” Annette came in for a closer look. “No way!”
“Way,” said Pablo, nodding as he used what he thought was still a popular American phrase. I caught the look pass between the widow and the cowboy. They were about the same age. They were both healthy, attractive people. Were those sparks I saw?
“Oh, shoot! Why would someone steal....” Even as her words trailed off, I could see the realization dawning in her eyes. Those documents were gone, too.
“Shall I?” Pablo pointed to the luggage.
“That blue one,” I answered. He lifted Nettie’s bag out of the car. I led the way up the back steps and into the kitchen.
“Nettie!” Gerhard was sitting at the big pine table in his work clothes as we entered. Ervina, in her bathrobe and slippers, was flipping pancakes. “What are you doing here?”
“I had some trouble at work,” she began to explain. I cut her off. There would be plenty of time to get into it later.
“She’s here for a few days. Feel free to put her to work,” I told them. “Make her a farm girl and maybe we’ll get her to give up her life in the city.”
“Oh, wouldn’t that be nice!” my stepmother sighed. “Gerhard, Annette could help at the winery. We have so many orders to fill at the gift shop.”
“Well, maybe she doesn’t want to be a shop girl. I could put her to work in the office. She’s used to doing paperwork. I’ve got invoices to send out.”
As they discussed the best way to utilize Nettie, I watched my cousin. She took it all in, listening to the comfortable banter. I noticed Pablo helped himself to a mug of coffee before leaning back against the counter as an observer. He definitely had eyes for my cousin.
“First things first,” I broke in. “We both need some sleep. Any chance you have a bed for her?”
My carriage house is a lovely little place at the foot of the farm’s main gate. It has all the charm of a tiny chalet in Germany, but it’s not really equipped for guests at the moment. I was using the second bedroom as an office, and I didn’t really want to pull out the sofa bed for Nettie, not if I was also going to have to work on the case and get her Frist and Company mess sorted out. The main farm house had lots of guest rooms, a couple of dogs, a trio of cats, and a kitchen that never closed. It was the perfect place for Annette.
“How about the yellow bedroom?” Gerhard suggested. “The green room is being used for packaging. Oh, that’s another possible job for Nettie. Ervina has all those knitted orders to go out.”
“Boy,” I laughed as we climbed the stairs, “you’re going to need your beauty sleep. It sounds like you’re going to be busy!”
“That will be nice,” she decided. “It’ll get my mind off worrying about...you know.”
We were in the cheerful bedroom with walls the color of fresh creamery butter, introducing my cousin to her home away from home when my cell phone rang. I had retrieved it from the bottom of my purse and turned it on when we were ten miles from home.
“Deputy Grimm,” I answered when I saw the Albany area code.
“Hey, this is Sergeant Rushmore. Any chance you lost a gingerbread house? We found it at the Mobil station.”
“You have it? Is it broken?”
“Nope. Everything looks good. Of course, I’m not an expert baker, but I think it still looks like a viable holiday decoration. You want to come get it?”
“I do. Any chance you can hold it until I can get a little shut eye? I’ll pop down later this afternoon.”
“Great. In the meantime, we’ll put it in the dispatch room, to keep it safe. If I’m not here, that’s where you’ll find it.”
“I appreciate this, Sergeant. Thanks for calling.”
“My pleasure. Merry Christmas, deputy.”
“You, too.”
Even as I hung up, the questions were rattling around in my brain. What in God’s name was going on? Had the FBI retrieved those documents and arranged for the safe return of the gingerbread house? Or was that guy in the dark sedan not an FBI agent? I needed to get that cookie confection back here, so I could go over it with a fine-toothed comb.
“Gabby?” Annette looked at me expectantly.
“The cops found the gingerbread house. I’ll go down this afternoon and collect it.”
“What a relief!”
“A gingerbread house?” Ervina’s interest was tickled. “Do you bake?”
“I do,” Nettie admitted.
“Gingerbread?”
“Yes,” she nodded.
“Do you like to bake?” my stepmother wondered.
“I do.”
“Gerhard,” Ervina said, turning to my father, “you know what I am thinking?”
“Yes, my love. I do,” he laughed, patting her shoulder. “You’re putting her to work in the kitchen.”
“I am.”
“Am I making a gingerbread house?” Nettie wanted to know.
“You are going to decorate the cookies. Oh, this will be wonderful,” said the lady with a twinkle in her eye. “I will bake while you sleep. We’ve sold out three times in the past week. Everybody loves gingerbread cookies.”
“And when the gingerbread house returns, you might want to display it in the shop,” I suggested. “Wait till you see it, Gerhard. It’s architecturally accurate, with trusses and braces. Utterly charming.”
“I am looking forward to that,” my father agreed. “Perhaps we will hire you to do a gingerbread village next Christmas.”
“Wouldn’t that be wonderful? I wish we had thought of that earlier!” Ervina sounded positively wistful over the lost opportunity.

Chapter Six --

“There might still be time,” said my cousin. I could see her already considering the possibility.
“Gerhard, you could help her make the templates, couldn’t you?” That was my stepmother, taking advantage of the chance to add some more dazzle to the display at the winery gift shop. “I could roll out the dough and bake it.”
“Wow, you people lose no time,” I laughed. “On that note, I’m off to the carriage house. I’ll call you before I leave for Albany.”
“We will take good care of Annette in your absence,” said my stepmother, patting her guest on the shoulder. She pulled back the covers on the big brass bed, beckoning Nettie to get some rest.
Just outside the door, I grabbed Gerhard and pulled him away for a private conversation. We huddled by the linen closet.
“Dad, Nettie’s had a spot of legal trouble we’re trying to sort out. Keep an eye on her and be wary of strangers. Rufus and I are going to see if we can help her, but I need to get that gingerbread house back. We hid some documents in there.”
“Will I need my shotgun?” he wanted to know. My father’s a crack shot.
“I don’t think so. Just watch out for her.”
“Okay, Gabby. I am glad you are helping her. Your cousin has had a tough time of it since Paul died. She needs a good man to look out for her interests.”
That was Gerhard’s philosophy of life. People need people. Love makes the world go ‘round. Walk on the sunny side of the street. That comes from the hard lessons learned. My mother was murdered several years ago. She returned unexpectedly and interrupted a robbery at their home. Life changed in the blink of an eye. In that split second, our whole world turned upside down. One moment she was full of smiles and hugs, the next she was lying on a slab in the morgue and I was standing there identifying the body. It didn’t help that her killer was sorry. There was no do-over. Dead is dead. The pain never really goes away. It may dull with time, but it’s always still there.
That’s part of why I decided to become a deputy sheriff in Latimer Falls. The village is a warm, friendly place where people are decent. Keeping it safe is my job. I told myself that if I can keep one family from experiencing what we went through, it’s worth it. So far, I’ve actually saved more lives than I ever imagined I would. It’s funny what pops up when you least expect it.
As soon as I lugged my overnight bag up the flight of stairs to my abode above the garage, I brushed my teeth, got into my shorty pajamas, and flopped into bed. The alarm clock was set for two. That would give me time to drive back to Albany to fetch the gingerbread house and still get home at a decent hour. Puss N. Boots, my wily cat, joined me, parking himself on Sam’s side of the bed and proceeded to take a long bath. My own would have to wait. I was just too exhausted. Long before the last bit of fur was licked by my companion, I was sound asleep.
“Beep-beep-beep-beep!” Hours later, I tapped the alarm button on the bedside table, wishing I could dream on. I wasn’t really sure what I had been imagining as I slept, but I knew it was good enough to put a smile on my face. And then an image popped into my head. It was Annette, in the farmhouse kitchen, decorating gingerbread cookies. It had been a long time since she had been with us at Christmas. It brought back some happy memories.
When we were kids, she used to visit us in Manhattan with her parents and brothers. Gerhard was Angelika’s brother, and the two of them would take us skating at Rockefeller Center. All the twinkling lights and hot cocoa were magical. They would arrive in the family station wagon, packages and suitcases behind the back seat, unload everything in front of the building, take the elevator up to the fourth floor apartment I shared with my parents and sister Gisela, and we would celebrate over several days. The adults got the bedrooms and we kids slept in sleeping bags on the living room and den floors.
Now everyone was scattered across the country and we rarely got together any more. Oh, there were phone calls and emails back and forth, but it wasn’t the same. We all had our own lives. Sometimes I really missed the old days, when we all had fun together.
“How about some kibble, Puss?” I rolled out of bed, groaning when my feet hit the floor. My fanny muscles protested. Nothing that a long, hot shower wouldn’t fix in the short run. I was not looking forward to the drive.
Half an hour later, my hair still damp, I headed down the stairs to the car, dialing Gerhard as I went.
“How’s everything?”
“Fine. Annette is still up in her room.”
“Good. Hey, Dad, remember all the times that Aunt Angelika and Uncle Tom would bring everyone to the city, for ice-skating?”
“Some of my favorite winter days,” Gerhard replied, a wistful tone in his voice.
“Mine, too. We should have a reunion,” I decided. “Maybe in the summer time. We could put folks up at the bed and breakfast.”
When Ervina married my father, she still owned the old house she had lived in with her late husband, on the dairy farm they operated. Gerhard helped her renovate; together, they turned it into a charming guest house. Not a big money maker. In fact, it barely broke even. But it was a sweet little place for families to come to enjoy life on a working Vermont farm.
“That’s a wonderful idea, Gabby. We’ll have to talk about it. You know what would be perfect?”
I rolled my eyes and shook my head. Gerhard had been lobbying for a wedding ever since I met Sam Hogan. He was relentless.
“What’s that, Dad?
“We could go hiking as a group.” Even as he said that, I could hear the rush of breath exit my mouth as a sigh of relief. “And take the horses for trail rides.”
“That would be fun,” I agreed. “Listen, Dad, I should be back by eight-thirty, maybe nine. Call me on my cell if you need me.”
“Will do. Drive safely.”
“Roger that.”
It was a big relief that the trip back to Albany was uneventful. I called the sheriff to update him. The traffic was light at this time of the afternoon. I put the pedal to the metal and kept a steady speed, pulling into the police station shortly before six. After introducing myself, I was escorted to the dispatch room, where a good-looking plain-clothes detective hoisted the board, gingerbread house and all, and carried it out to my waiting VW beetle. With the hatch up, I stepped back to let him put it down safely on the floor of the trunk.
“There you go, Deputy Grimm,” he smiled. “Malcolm Jackson, by the way.”
“Thanks, Malcolm.”
“No problem. Hey, while I have you here, can I ask you about the guy who fired the shots?”
“Sure.” I gave the detective my full attention. “What do you need?”
“The prosecutor has some problems with what went down inside the store.”
“What kind of problems?”
“Those bullets, the lab said were police-issue.”
“That makes sense. He said everything you’d expect a cop to say. But he didn’t want to be seen. Did you get any footage of him at all? Any of the security cameras have a glimpse of him?”
“Nothing. What I was wondering, you have any idea what he was doing at the gas station? He never identified himself as a cop. He didn’t buy any gas. He didn’t buy any Twinkies or Ding Dongs.”
“You mean he was just passing by?” I thought about it. “Not really logical. And I’m not a big fan of coincidences.”
“Neither am I. Was he after the gingerbread house?”
“Why would he want a gingerbread house?”
“I asked myself that very question, Deputy Grimm. I went over that Christmas display with a magnifying glass. I even checked it for hidden compartments. Nothing. Was your car secured?”
“Call me Gabby. It was. I’m sure of that. I had my handgun in the glove compartment. I was very careful to lock it up tight.”
“And when you and your cousin got back to the car, there was nothing suspicious? No reason to think someone had tampered with anything?”
“The doors were locked.”
“And yet, the display was removed from you car at some point between Manhattan and Albany. Sounds pretty professional, don’t you think?” Those big blue eyes were watching me with intense interest. It was time to throw the guy a bone.
“My cousin had some trouble at work with a new co-worker. That’s part of the reason I was bringing her to Vermont. My boss told me that if she came with me, we could try and figure it what the guy was doing.”
Malcolm nodded, but I knew he was skeptical of my explanation. Frankly, I would have been, too, if I had been in his shoes. There was definitely something weird going on, but I still wasn’t sure what that might be.
“You check the car for a tracking gizmo?” That got my attention.
“Aw....” Was that how the dark sedan managed to stay with us so consistently? If so, did that mean the FBI had an active case on Annette? How else could they justify the tail?
“Is that a ‘no’ I hear?” he wanted to know. I nodded.
“That’s a complication I hadn’t considered. She had a thing with a guy and the guy took an unexpected powder, leaving her with egg on her face at work. This is beginning to look like a much bigger problem than we originally thought.” I looked down at the gingerbread house. Something wasn’t right. It looked different. I couldn’t put my finger on it. It was more than the missing documents. On first glance, it looked like the same gingerbread townhouse. It even smelled the same. But there were subtle differences. Slightly bigger. A heavier hand on the icing. More M&M candies on the roof. The peppermint disks were bigger. Someone went to a lot of trouble to make a duplicate gingerbread house. No wonder there was nothing for the detective to find.
“You okay?”
“Sorry. I’m just wondering if I’m going to get blind-sided,” I said, looking up at the detective, his brawny arms crossed in front of him. He was in his shirt, and the winter wind was clearly chilling him to the bone. “It’s cold out here. I shouldn’t keep you. Thanks for letting me know. I should get going.”
“You take care now, Deputy. Watch your back.”
“I will, Detective. Thanks.”
I watched him hurry back into the station as I started the engine. Was Malcolm right? Was this a professional job? I thought back to the events of last night. Had I locked the car? I was fairly certain I had. Was it still locked when we got back after giving our statements? I assumed so, but I popped the remote while we were still walking towards the car. It could have been open. Then again, the gingerbread thief could have simply pushed the button before shutting the door and disappearing. But why make a duplicate display? What was so special about Nettie’s cookie version?
That question haunted me all the way back to Latimer Falls. I pulled in and parked by the back door of the farmhouse ten minutes after nine, eased my aching body out of the driver’s bucket seat, and climbed the steps up to the door. I knocked and then let myself in. I found Annette at the table, a pastry bag in her hands. She was dabbing royal icing on two large gingerbread figures.
“Check it out, Gabby. Hansel and Gretel live,” she grinned. I wondered how she was going to take the news. “I thought I would add them to the display. Aren’t they cute?”
Gretel had yellow icing for hair, blue eyes, and a dirndl skirt. As I watched, Nettie added stripes to the stockings. Hansel ended up with a shorter hairstyle, shorts, suspenders, and similar stockings. I slid into the chair across from her.
“So, is the display damaged?”
“Nope, everything is intact.”
“Let’s go get it. I want to show Gerhard and Ervina.” Might as well get this over with, I decided. I followed her out the back door.
A few minutes later, walking backwards, I stepped up and into the kitchen, maneuvering my way over to the counter by the sink. “Let’s put it down here. We can always move it later.”
There, under the glow of the recessed can light above, I held my breath, waiting. As the seconds passed, I began to second-guess myself. Maybe I was overreacting. Maybe I was wrong.
“Son of a....This isn’t mine!”
“I know,” I told her. “I noticed it was different.”
“Hand me that knife,” my cousin demanded. She was studying the roof. I picked up the paring knife on the counter. Nettie began slicing at the edge of the roofline just as Gerhard and Ervina arrived.
“Nice,” said my father, admiring the gingerbread architecture.
“Lovely,” my stepmother agreed.
“Bulldocky!”

Chapter Seven --

“This isn’t the gingerbread house Nettie created. Someone made a duplicate.”
“Why?” Ervina asked, slightly baffled.
“That’s what we’re trying to figure out.”
The roof came off in two pieces. Gerhard caught the second one as it dropped.
“Terrible,” Annette decided. “Look at this. No trusses. And here, it’s missing the cross-bracing.”
“What did you do with the other one, work from original blueprints?” My father was curious.
“As a matter of fact, I did.”
“Amazing,” he responded. They examined the construction of the gingerbread house. “Fairly ordinary. Not particularly stable.”
“Made by a baker, not someone who understands construction,” I decided.
“Someone didn’t know I made such an accurate replica of the townhouse. You know, on the outside, it looks pretty good, but on the inside, it’s a dismal failure.”
“Too bad we can’t see the original interior,” my father, the architectural designer, sighed.
“Oh, but we can. Angelika wanted to see it,” the gingerbread expert announced. “I took photos and emailed them to my mother. I just need to sign onto my account and I can show you the copy in my sent mailbox.”
Half an hour and twenty photos later, I had an appreciation of Nettie’s dedication to the task. It was clear she had created a masterpiece. Where was it now? And why had it been taken? 
“What’s the problem at work?” Suddenly Gerhard wanted to know what the snafu was. My cousin explained about the bids for Phase One and Phase Two. Lucky for her, Gerhard was experienced in the construction trades, and he understood the problem immediately. As they bantered back and forth, I found myself wondering if all that work on the original was the reason it was stolen.
“Nettie, if you put all that effort into the model, would someone have been able to get some kind of idea of the problems with the concrete at 1423?”
“I don’t follow you,” she told me.
“Did you build it with ingredients that would compare to the actual materials? Was there extra royal icing where there would be concrete fortification? Did you have trusses where the actual trusses would go?”
“Yes, why?”
“Maybe that’s the problem,” I decided. “It was a little too accurate. It made you look like a very credible witness, someone very knowledgeable about the 1423 project. Even if the documents were stolen, your display would show that you very much understood how it was constructed.”
“Well, I did want to be an architect when I was growing up,” she replied.
“I never knew that,” I told my cousin. I never really thought of her as someone that precise.
“That concrete situation was a real mess. The three top bids were all from companies known to have serious issues with the quality of their product. Klinghoffer Concrete had provided the mix for a six-story tower that developed cracks within five years of completion. Tomasino Construction had been sued for three projects that went over-budget by several million dollars when the concrete had to be replaced on the footings. Zavaro Cement was sued by the developer of Lincoln Park because the sidewalks all crumbled during the first winter.”
“In other words, the top three bidders shouldn’t have had a chance to provide the concrete because of failures?”
“Exactly, Gabby. It doesn’t make sense that the projects were so much above the original Phase One bids, especially because the average increase isn’t that high. Why did these three companies get the opportunity to bid? Those previous problems should have kept them out of the running.”
“It must involve kickbacks,” Gerhard suggested. “Did you get a new boss?”
“No, same boss. He’s got a new wife, Christine. Boy, is she a pain in the ass. She’s spending money faster than her husband can make it.”
“Is that right?” Maybe the boss needed the extra cash from the kickback to afford his new wife’s desire for the good life.
“Yes. His divorce was really ugly and it cost him a pretty penny. His ex-wife was a doll. The new wife? Not so much.”
Was Mr. Frist expecting Annette to be called as a witness against him? Maybe this was about destroying her credibility as a potential witness by making her seem so uninformed. Maybe someone wanted to knock her out of the running before she could be tapped to testify.
“Too bad the documents are missing,” Ervina sighed. Nettie and I looked at each other and grinned.
“Well, the paper versions are gone,” I agreed, “but we have photos of them on my cell phone.”
“Are they legible?” Gerhard’s appetite for investigation was whetted.
“I believe they are.” I flipped on my cell phone and showed him. As he read, his eyes widened and narrowed. I could only imagine what he was thinking.
“Can I download these?” Ah, the benefits of buying the same Smartphone as my dad. I took his cord and plugged in both ends to complete the transfer. Moments later, the data had been copied to his laptop.
At eleven, I bid the group good night and headed back to my carriage house. I got into my pajamas and poured myself a glass of wine, settling on the sofa to watch the day’s news. I turned on my laptop, hoping that Sam had left me a message. It had been quite some time since he had sent me one. Coming up to Christmas, I missed him more than I cared to admit. In all the months we had been together, he had been gone more than he had been around. I understood it was his job to travel the world, on the hunt for terrorists, but that didn’t make life any easier, especially at the holidays. Boy, New Year’s Eve was looking like a bust, too.
I quickly cleared the spam from my inbox and then went through the messages. A part of me felt like I was wasting my time checking the emails, getting my hopes up for no reason at all. And then I read the email from “Harry Mann”. Instantly, I knew it was a message from Sam.
Dear Fraulein Grimm, we are sending your Christmas marzipan pig and Schladerer pralines next week. Please expect delivery of your order by 17 December. Sincerely yours, Harry Mann, manager.
That rascal was sending me goodies again. Only this time around, he would not be around to help me burn off those calories. How cruel was that? I decided I would share them with the family. Either that or go cross-country skiing for the next six weeks. Boy, when I saw him again, I was going to wrap my arms around that body of his and hold him tighter than tight. It would take a lot to satiate my lust for him, given how long he was gone this time. And I still had no way to know when I would actually see him again. I longed for those lips on mine. I ached for the touch of his hands on my naked skin, the feel of him on top of me. This longing wasn’t going away anytime soon.
With a groan of frustration, I sipped my Riesling, trying to think of anything but those strong hands and that tasty mouth. No matter what I tried, I came back to Sam. I was getting hooked on him. Maybe that wasn’t such a great idea, not if he was going to be away more than he was home. And yet, he was worth the wait. I was getting to the point I couldn’t imagine life without him.
I felt a nudge on the back of my head. Puss in need of a chin rub. I pulled the cat into my arms and settled him down on my lap to watch the weather report. We were expecting a light dusting of snow overnight, temperatures in the twenties. It was enough to send me to my bed, pull the down comforter up to my neck, and cork off for the night.
I woke up at seven and brewed myself a pot of coffee. With a dish of Ervina’s cranberry-pecan Greek-style yogurt and a whole-grain English muffin in front of me, I turned on my laptop and downloaded the photos of the documents Annette had given me in the car. I was missing something important. There was that nagging doubt floating around in the back of my head as I scanned the information. This was all about concrete, a subject with which I had little familiarity. This was about financial bids for a construction job. This was about kickbacks. So how did Joe Fortuna fit into all this? How did the FBI become interested in my cousin?
I stepped back a bit, trying to see the bigger picture. What did I know about Annette’s work with Frist and Company? I knew she started working there three years ago, after she and Paul moved to their new condo in Manhattan. She had always been a very organized person, used to managing the day-to-day operations of Harvey Builders on Staten Island. The small company was well-regarded in the tri-state area. Never building more than thirty units in any one location, they specialized in luxury townhouses in popular areas. No big fancy gym or swimming pool attached to the property. No gold-plated bells and whistles. The units were always solid, well-crafted buildings that increased in value with time because Harvey Builders always selected great locations for the properties. The company would tear down seven or eight post-war tiny Cape Cod homes less than a mile from a train station, houses that were slab construction and outdated by today’s building standards. That gave the developers a chance to put in a low-rise buildings with attractive architecture scaled to fit the neighborhood. The landscaping was lush, the views were usually decent, and the residents were extremely happy with their choices. Turn-over on the units was low. Most folks who moved in had no intention of moving out any time soon. That’s because Harvey Builders gave the customers what they wanted, value in an attractive package.
What about Frist and Company? I did an Internet search. According to articles in several newspapers and even the company’s website, Kevin Frist started out with his brother, Kyle, back in 1982 as K and K Builders, constructing single family homes in New Rochelle, New York. As the company grew, the projects began to pop up in the city. A pre-war building here, an old factory complex there, a row of townhouses by a park. The more they renovated, the bigger their reputation became. Soon the company was focusing solely on taking over established properties, gutting them, building luxury housing from the shell up, and getting top dollar for their efforts. Sometimes that meant buying out rent-controlled units in established residential buildings. Sometimes that meant unhappy people losing their homes to unhappy accidents. The more I read about Frist and Company, the more I began to see the pattern of bullying and buy-outs. Maybe Kevin and Kyle wouldn’t take no for an answer when they wanted what they wanted.
In 1993, Kyle Frist disappeared, and so did 1.2 million dollars from the company’s coffers. There were rumors that he had run afoul of organized crime, but nothing ever came of it. Exactly seven years, four months, and two days after Kyle was last seen, Kevin Frist had his brother declared dead, collected on the insurance policy he held for his business partner, and received nearly two million dollars. What if Kevin had some kind of involvement in his brother’s disappearance? It wouldn’t be the first time that bad blood spoiled a family business.
Once he had that money in his hot little hand, Kevin Frist had dissolved K and K Builders and created Frist and Company. Suddenly, he went from being a small-scale business owner to being a big-name developer. I still could remember how excited Annette was when Kevin Frist approached her to come to work for him. Harvey Builders folded up shop when Latham Harvey retired. His daughters weren’t interested in keeping the company going. His junior partner was planning to start his own remodeling business. Nettie had run into Kevin Frist at a building trades show at the convention center and he had offered her his card. “If you’re ever in the market for a job, let me know.” She had been dazzled by the fact that such a prominent businessman showed some interest.
Paul, on the other hand, was suspicious. I remembered the holiday party at Mallow’s. My cousin had invited me to join them in the hopes of finding me a “suitable man”, one not connected to law enforcement.
“Kevin Frist wants to get into your pants,” he told his wife. “The guy has a reputation.”
“That’s silly,” Nettie countered her husband’s comment, glass of Chardonnay in hand. She waved it about, punctuating her points. “In the first place, he’s married. In the second, he knows I’m not interested. And,” that wine sloshed around as it was launched above her head, “you’re presuming that my only talents are superficial, just because I have a great-looking fanny and face. I happen to be a good organizer, I am familiar with construction from the inside out, and I know how to get permits and inspections done without paying out bribes.”
“And I’m telling you the guy is a weasel. He’s going to bide his time before he makes his move. You mark my words.”
It took him a few months, but Kevin Frist managed to prove Paul right. Unfortunately, by that time, Nettie’s husband was going back and forth to Sloan-Kettering for cancer treatment and she needed the job. Debilitated by chemotherapy and fighting a losing battle, Paul worked from home for the first two years as a policy analyst for an insurance company. Eventually, he was forced to cut back his hours as his energy waxed and waned. He took on some consulting jobs, but there came that point where he needed to retire and he did, spending his days in the chair in their living room. Annette took a leave of absence for the last three months of his life to care for him. Once he was buried, Kevin Frist asked her to come back and fix the mess her replacement made.
Was any of that important to the investigation? Had Nettie come across something when she was reorganizing the office after Paul’s death? Maybe it wasn’t just the concrete bids on the 1423 condo project in Queens. Her career at Frist and Company was clouded by Paul’s cancer. Maybe she was more distracted during those years than she appreciated. And maybe, when she went back to the office, she noticed the things she missed the first time around.
Even as unfocused as she was made by Paul’s cancer, I knew Nettie was capable of keeping up a good front. She often busied herself straightening things up wherever she went. She blustered on, charging through life like she could control the chaos, even as Paul slipped away from her on his way towards death. I thought about Joe Fortuna. Had he played some kind of role in this mess? Was he working for Frist and Company or working for the feds? Was he there to get information or for another reason?
I still couldn’t figure out why someone had made a replica of Annette’s gingerbread house. What kind of baker goes to such trouble to create such a realistic replacement in cookie dough? Why substitute the second display for Annette’s original? Even more important, why leave it for the cops at the Mobil station after the robbery. It was almost like someone was creating a mystery, drawing our attention to the switch, sucking us into something unsavory.

Chapter Eight --

“How did I meet Joe Fortuna?” Nettie was in the kitchen of Gerhard and Ervina’s farmhouse, trays of plain and decorated gingerbread cookies everywhere. The spices filled the air with the aroma of Christmas. I sat down across from her and started pumping her for information. It was just the two of us. Ervina was down at the goat barn, getting ready to make another batch of goat cheese for the Three Bears Winery. Gerhard was gathering frozen grapes in the vineyard to press the ice wine. Pablo and Steve were taking a few hours off from their dairy barn duties to pitch in with the other farm hands. “That’s what you’re asking me?”
“Yes,” I repeated. “How did you two meet? At Frist and Company?”
“No, I was getting a permit for Phase Two of 1423 at the Department of Buildings and I bumped into him as I came out of the elevator. We got to chatting and he gave me his card. He said we might get a drink sometime, talk about construction.”
“And did you?”
“A week later. I was filing papers for plumbing and heating in the same office, he walked in, and after we had a friendly conversation, we agreed to get together for a drink. We met after work at the Roost.”
“What happened next?” I wanted to know. I was beginning to think she hadn’t told me everything about her relationship with the fictitious Joe Fortuna.
“We started seeing each other once, maybe twice a week.”
“Were you sleeping together?”
“Gabby, what does that have to do with anything?”
“Annette, I’m trying to figure out if Joe Fortuna played you. Were you having sex with the guy?” I studied her reaction. She flinched like I’d slapped her hand away from the cookie jar. Oh, yes. They were hitting the sheets and doing the horizontal mambo.
“Look, I’m not proud of the fact that I may have made some mistakes in my personal relationships. But I have needs, Gabby!”
“We all do, Annette. What I’m trying to figure out is whether he maneuvered you into helping him get a job at Frist because he’s a cop or because he’s a creep.”
“He can’t be. How could he be? He wouldn’t have slept with me if he was a cop!” she corrected me. “Cops aren’t allowed to do that kind of thing! Besides, he would have told me he was a cop.”
There it was, the self-appointed expert on life, oblivious of her own naivety, coming through loud and clear. I didn’t have the heart to tell her that men, even men who were supposed to uphold the law, could and did often put their careers ahead of their ethics. If Joe Fortuna was a fed, and I was beginning to suspect he was, then my cousin, with her pretty face and pleasing fanny, was just a rung on his career ladder. If the FBI was out to get Frist and Company, Nettie was collateral damage. Had Joe flipped her before resuming his real life as Mike Alves? Or was that his real life?
“When did he get the job with Frist?”
“About a month after we met.”
“How soon after you broke it off with Pete did you meet Joe?”
“Let’s see.” She added a carrot nose to a snowman gingerbread cookie. “I knew Pete for about a month before we hooked up. That was in June, half a year after Paul died.”
After Paul died. Those words still caught in her throat. I let her tell her story her own way, figuring she needed to put it all in perspective. As a woman married to the love of her life, Annette had spent much of her adult life cherished by a man who adored her. His death cut her loose from all that love, and in her search for some semblance of romance, she was easy prey. Maybe part of it was that Nettie didn’t actually want to replace Paul. Maybe she was going through the motions, needing the physical contact without the emotional attachment.
“And he lasted three weeks before his wife caught you two?” Even now, her face went red at the memory of that embarrassing incident in the elevator, despite her best efforts to fight the blush. Finally, she shrugged and gave me a nod. “When did Joe show up?”
“A month later. At first, we just got together for a meal here or there, talked about the business. It didn’t turn...romantic,” she confided, stumbling over the memory like she was climbing a pile of rubble, “until the night I was robbed after I left the office.”
“You were robbed?”
“It was no big deal. Joe chased after the guy and got my purse back. It had my cell phone in it, with all my photos of Paul. That was the first time Joe came to my place. He transferred all the photos from the phone to my computer, and even put them on a USB stick, so I would have back-up copies.”
“Interesting.”
“Is it? Why?” Those big blue inquisitive eyes bore right through me. “I want to know, Gabby.”
“Because it was a nice thing for him to do for you. Did Joe ever make promises he didn’t keep? Offer you things he never delivered?”
“If you’re asking me if he treated me like Pete, the answer is no.”
“Did your boss know you were seeing Joe? Did anyone at Frist and Company know?”
“Not after that thing with Pete. I wasn’t about to be a joke at the water cooler again.”
“People at work knew about Pete?”
“His wife showed up at the office, screaming at the top of her lungs about me being a slut. Mr. Frist had her escorted out of the building.”
That explained the deep red flush to her cheeks. The word got around that the widow was interested in sex again. And yet, when Joe Fortuna entered the picture, he didn’t rush into a sexual relationship with her and he didn’t seem determined to go public. So, why did he give her a phone number he also used for Mike Alves? Who was Mike Alves, another cover? Had he worried about Annette and given her that phone number as an emergency precaution? Maybe Joe-Mike thought she could end up in danger. Maybe Joe-Mike knew that if she called the number, he’d at least know something was wrong and be able to funnel help to her through back channels. Maybe that’s why the FBI was so upset when I left the message as a sheriff’s deputy. But did it explain the substitution of the gingerbread house? In my book, that was just too weird.
“Annette, let me just change the subject here a minute.” I saw the relief on her face as the topic moved from sex to baking. “When you made that replica in gingerbread, you made templates from the actual blueprints of the 1423 condo project. Were there any revisions of the blueprints at any time?”
“There are always revisions as any project goes forward. Plumbing gets moved, electrical gets added, a wall goes up there or comes down here.”
“Was your cookie version very different than the actual building the company constructed?” I asked.
“I don’t know. I haven’t seen it yet. Mr. Frist asked me not to go down there until the decorator had finished. He said he wanted it to be a surprise for me.”
“Was this before or after you made the gingerbread house?”
“It was after I brought in the display. He took one look at it and called me into his office. He said, ‘Annette, that’s amazing. It’s so well-done, I want to do you one better. Let Paula finish decorating before you take the tour of the model.’ So, I haven’t seen the completed unit yet.”
“This was after Joe disappeared?”
“No, maybe a day or two before.”
“Did Joe see the display you made?”
“Are you kidding? He was there the night I finished it. I had to let the royal icing harden before I attached the roof. Joe said the trusses were interesting, because they looked like the real thing in the blueprints.”
“You gave Joe the concrete bids the next day at Louie’s, when you had dinner?”
“He looked over the plans the night before, while I was finishing the gingerbread house. We talked about the actual condos and the problems the structural engineers found. Joe asked me about the concrete used for the project, and we got to discussing the differences in the bids on Phase Two. The weight of the walls and floors dictated the positions of the trusses and, in this case, because it was an old factory building, it was necessary to fortify everything, because the original building had a number of weak points, according to the structural engineers who inspected it.”
“These structural engineers wanted Frist and Company to strengthen the building?”
“Yes, to handle the added weight of new floors, systems, and all the rest. The load-bearing walls were missing support beams and headers, so when the building was divided up into individual units, each one had to be crafted to overcome the original construction faults.”
“If the changes weren’t implemented, Nettie, what would happen to the 1423 condos?”
“Well, they’d probably be okay for a few years, but eventually the unsupported weight would probably take its toll. You’d have serious structural problems.”
“Could Frist and Company have changed their construction to cut costs?”
“How could they? They’d have to bribe the building inspectors, get them to sign off on the construction without doing the proper work. That would be unconscionable. Not to mention dangerous, Gabby.”
“And criminal,” I added. “I think you’re the skunk at the Frist and Company picnic, Nettie. You’re too ethical. You see too much. That’s why Kevin Frist didn’t want you near the showcase unit. You studied those blueprints. You would have recognized things weren’t where they should be.”
Maybe that’s what Joe Fortuna noticed before he made a quick exit. Maybe he wanted the information on the concrete bids because he knew the concrete hadn’t been poured or the building properly fortified. Had Kevin Frist defrauded his investors, jacking up the costs of Phase Two, bribing building inspectors to pass the shoddy construction on Phase One, all while pocketing the profits and the kickbacks?
“How was 1423 financed? Loans?”
“No, Mr. Frist sold the controlling shares of the company to Blue Ridge Investments last year. He only owns a third of the company. The venture capital investment firm took on the debt, betting on the success of 1423.”
“When are the condos going to be sold?” I wondered.
“Oh, most are already under contract. A lot of buyers are using them for investment purposes, and once the whole development is finished, many of them will sell their individual units for a hefty profit.”
“Unless the development goes belly up when the shoddy construction is revealed.”
“Gabby! How can you think I would work for a company like that! I would never condone anything like that. Never!’
“Which is why you’re a target.”
“That’s crazy!”
“Maybe. Maybe not. But I think I know now why that gingerbread house disappeared. And I think I know who stole it.”
“You do?” She looked at me in wonder. “Who?”
“Someone who cares about you. Someone who was protecting you.”
“Mr. Frist?”
“Hardly. The guy’s a creep, Annette. His brother, Kyle, disappeared and he made a fortune off the insurance money. Now his condo development is owned by investors who are being defrauded. Kevin Frist is hardly your champion. He’s a mobbed-up creep.”

Chapter Nine --

“That’s not nice. You shouldn’t talk about my boss that way, Gabby.” I could see Little Miss Sunshine was disappointed in my cynical mindset, as far as her boss was concerned. “He was very good to me when Paul was ill. He let me take a lot of time off with pay.”
“Did he? And never expected anything in return?”
“No. As long as I kept up with the filings, the permits, and the rest of the paperwork, he didn’t care if I worked from home, from the construction site, or from the office.”
“Listen, Nettie. I’ve got to go see Rufus and get this mess straightened out. Just tell me one thing. Did Joe know I was a deputy sheriff?”
“Sure. We often talked about you. I told him all about you and Sam, how you saved the Klarsfeld family from those terrorists.”
“What about your boss? Does Kevin Frist know about me?”
“Oh, heavens no! I don’t discuss that sort of thing with Mr. Frist. He doesn’t have time for that. He’s a very busy man.”
“Okay. I’ll be back later. You can reach me on my cell if you need me.”
“The old one or the new one?”
“The old. By the way,” I said as I got up, “you missed your calling. You’re a genius with gingerbread.”
“Thanks. You should see the architectural models I made for Mr. Frist. They’re even more amazing in cardboard.”
“You make his models?” I was surprised by that bit of news.
“Sure. I used to do all the models for Harvey Construction when I worked there. When Mr. Frist found out, he asked me to do the same for his company.”
That explained why Annette was such an attractive target. No wonder the FBI was all over this.
Rufus was in his office when I got to the Latimer Falls Sheriff’s Department. After Marge buzzed him, she told me to go right in.
“Brief me,” he demanded, sitting behind his massive desk. He waved me into a chair opposite and waited. I obliged, filling him in on all the information I had developed on the case. We talked over a couple of possible scenarios and kicked around a few ideas on how to proceed. We came to a consensus half an hour later, after I outlined a scheme I thought might yield dividends. Rufus agreed.
“Do it, Gabby. Put his feet in the fire, don’t take any crap, and don’t worry about me. I can handle the FBI.”
“Think it will work?” I wondered.
“It’s worth a shot. At the moment, we don’t really have much, do we?”
I had to agree about that. Between the duplicate gingerbread house, the likelihood that I was being tailed by the feds, and the fact that Joe Fortuna was a possible undercover FBI agent who set up my cousin, there was too much confusion clouding our view. We couldn’t afford to sit around waiting for the dust to settle. Better to stir it up and see what surfaced.
I left him as he sat at his desk, making phone calls and cashing in old favors for current information. I stopped at the winery for a quick conversation with Gerhard. And then I called Mike Alves and got his voicemail.
“Joe,” I said breathlessly, in my sexiest voice. “This is Harriet. I have those bids on the concrete you wanted. Can you meet me?”
Twenty minutes later, my cell phone buzzed and an unfamiliar number with a New Jersey area code popped up on the screen. I counted to ten before answering.
“Talk to me, Mike, or I’ll nail your ass to the wall a hundred different ways for messing with my cousin.” That’s the thing about me. When I get my dander up, it’s tough to smooth those feathers into submission. Nobody messes with my cousin, just to make a case.
“Don’t you know better than to threaten a federal agent, Deputy Grimm?” There was some serious venom in the hiss of that snake. I wasn’t about to let the reptile bite me.
“Don’t you know the Office of Professional Responsibility will hang you out to dry for compromising an investigation by sexually taking advantage of a vulnerable woman to get information on a criminal enterprise when the woman has no direct connection to the criminal activities? You think I can’t find a good lawyer to represent Annette and expose your shady dealings? Film at eleven, pal.”
“Look,” the voice on the other end suddenly dropped the hostile tone and became conciliatory, “it’s not like that.”
“Oh?” I gave him a good dose of Ice Queen, letting the frosty word put a chill on his attempt to sweet talk me.
“Gabby..., er, Deputy Grimm,” he replied. “I really like Annette. She’s a good, decent woman. Why do you think I stole that gingerbread house?”
“Because you’re the Grinch and you wanted to spoil Christmas for a woman who’s still grieving for her late husband?”
“No. She’s too smart for her own good. Why do you think I disappeared? I needed her to get out of town. I knew that she’d go running to you the second there was any trouble. That’s what she did when that jerk, Pete, used her.”
“You’re telling me that you wanted her to come to me for help?”
“Off the record?”
“Sure,” I replied nicely. Good cop, bad cop works for me. I don’t mind being nice, but if you screw around with me, I’ll turn bad cop in the blink of an eye and take you down, even if you’re a federal agent.
“My bosses wanted me to turn her into an informant. She would be the star witness in the federal trial. I...I wasn’t willing to do that.”
“Meaning you have feelings for her?” I demanded.
“I...um, it’s complicated.”
“Give me the uncomplicated version.”
“We went into the investigation assuming that Annette was apprised of her boss’s criminal background and his mob connections. Once I got to know her, I realized that she was too distracted by Paul’s cancer to have absorbed any real information until after she returned to work. But my bosses didn’t care. They figured we had spent all that time and money trying to get inside Frist and Company, she was still going to be our source.”
“Which means you reported my call to you, and your boss called my boss, because you wanted us to interfere with the FBI’s investigation?”
“I know I crossed the line with Annette. I shouldn’t have...”
“Slept with her?”
“It wasn’t like that. She’s a nice woman. I didn’t want her to be forced into becoming an informant.”
“You compromised her by sleeping with her. Your bosses wanted to keep using her as an informant because she was suspected of being a willing participant in Frist’s criminal activities. What part of all this makes you a hero, pal?”
“When I realized she was innocent, I tried to get her out of it. What more can I do? I’m between a rock and a hard place!”
“Oh, I think you’ve got a ways to go before that happens. You obviously still have room to wiggle your sorry ass. You’re about to find out how much tighter that squeeze can get, pal, if you don’t start telling me the whole truth!”
“Deputy, give me a break here. You owe me.”
“How do you figure that?”
“Albany. The Mobil station.”
“You fired those shots?”
“I had to,” he insisted. “I couldn’t let those punks kill Annette over small change. They were a couple of crack heads bent on robbing the convenience store for cash to buy drugs.”
“Why did you steal the gingerbread house?” I wanted to know.
“My bosses heard that it was an exact replica of the 1423 model. The Assistant United States Attorney thought it would make a great courtroom display. Annette would be known as the gingerbread lady who brought down the condo king with her baking.”
“So you arranged not only for a replacement, but for that sergeant to call me and let me know it had been found?”
“I had to, Gabby. If I just stole it, you’d waste time looking for it and people would pay too much attention to it. Annette would just be in even deeper. As we speak, Assistant US Attorney Rita Maloney is asking a judge for a warrant to seize it.”
“And you want them to have the duplicate gingerbread house, not the original?”
“I do. I want them to think Annette doesn’t bring anything to the table.”
“How are you going to clean up this big mess on Aisle Four?” I demanded. “How do you repair the damage to Nettie’s reputation and still make the case?”
“Ah, that’s the problem,” he admitted. “I still need to make the case. Frist is a bad guy.”
“No kidding. You know that the building isn’t structurally sound, right?”
“Talk to me.” As soon as he said that, I knew he was in. I went over the conversation I had had with my cousin.
“If I had to guess, Whatever-Your-Name-Really-Is,” I started to say. He cut me off.
“Jondahl. Will Jondahl.”
“Okay, Jondahl. If I had to guess, I’d say that Frist is onto you. He told Nettie he doesn’t want her to see the showcase unit until the decorator is finished with the place. He’s trying to buy time. Maybe he suspects she will recognize the differences in what the blueprints called for and what construction was actually done. And to my mind, that can only mean one thing. He’s got to destroy the condos before Nettie can see them.”
“An explosion would do it, right?” Even as he said that, I could see the potential. What were the pitfalls?
“Sure. But he’s risking public safety. If he blows up the building, it’s likely to result in a massive loss of life.”
“Not really,” said the now enthusiastic FBI agent. “The 1423 location is in an area of vacant old factories that are in disrepair. Phase One, which is just being completed, is in the center of the complex. The buildings of Phases Two and Three surround it. That means they could safely blow up the first building, collect the insurance money, and keep their investors happy by rebuilding Phase One. Frist keeps the money he stole from Phase One of the project and uses the insurance money to start again, and no one is supposed to be the wiser.”
“Your job is to catch him in the act before he can destroy the evidence?”
“That’s it in a nutshell. The trouble is I haven’t figured out how to do that without putting Annette at greater risk. Frist has some serious organized crime connections. I have a couple of informants inside and they tell me that when the renovations were going on, they deliberately bollixed up the gas pipes, vents, and furnaces they installed. Phase One is rigged to blow the day they turn on certain sections of the gas lines. The condos will slowly fill with gas overnight. There are lights operated by timers throughout the complex. One of those will create the spark that will ignite a blaze, blowing the place to Kingdom Come. Frist was afraid Annette would figure it out, so he hired me to wine and dine her.”
“You worked for Frist? You walked down both sides of the street? You bastard!” I was ready to report his lying fanny to the powers that be. To think I was starting to trust him. The man was unbelievable! How could he do that to Nettie?
“It wasn’t like that, Gabby. I was working undercover. The FBI sent me to flip Annette and others at Frist and Company. I was in the process of that when Frist hired me to break her heart. I thought if she believed I was a rat who set her up, she’d go to you for help, and you’d do what you did, which was to check me out. I also knew that when you checked me out, I’d have an excuse to tell my boss you were interfering, and my boss would threaten your boss. That would get Annette out of the way until things got sorted out. Once the FBI serves that warrant and takes custody of the gingerbread house, Annette will no longer be of any value to the case. I think we can both agree she doesn’t really have any information of value.”
“Not exactly true,” I corrected him. “She actually does have some. She knows more about building construction than you might think. Annette understands those blueprints. She can tell you what’s missing and what’s not missing in Phase One.”
“I can get a structural engineer to do that,” he replied.
“But it will take time, won’t it? And it won’t save Nettie’s reputation. I don’t want her spending the rest of her life hiding from the world.”
“It’s a risk.”
“What if we could let her contact the FBI on her own, to share her concerns? What if we could put it all out there as a complete package from Santa, wrapped up with a big red bow? I could drive her to the Albany FBI field office.”
“She can’t just show up with that gingerbread house, not with the US attorney’s office grabbing up a warrant,” Jondahl insisted. “How do we explain the duplicate?”
“Simple. It was a diversion to protect the real one until it could be delivered to the FBI. I have photos of the missing documents on a cell phone I bought in Manhattan when we took possession of it. We could turn that over as evidence that we intended to provide the material to the FBI. I can fill Nettie in on the drive.”
“Only one problem. The gingerbread house is down here in New Jersey.”
“Then I guess you’d better get moving, Jondahl, if you’re going to get to the Albany rendezvous in time.”

Chapter Ten --

“You want me to what?” That was the first thing out of my cousin’s mouth when I arrived back at the farmhouse. She was incredulous. Not to mention furious. I thought she was going to take a chunk out of me. “You must be joking.”
Ervina and Gerhard met us there a few minutes later, so I could go over the plan. They would handle the FBI when the agents arrived to accept possession of the gingerbread house, taking them to collect it at the winery. Hopefully, that would give us enough time to walk into the Albany field office, toting the original gingerbread house, the photocopies, and the photos on the phone I bought, to offer our services in bringing down Frist and Company.
“No, Nettie. I am not joking. We have to do this, not just for you, but also to prevent Frist from getting away with his scheme.”
“But how do you know he’s involved?” There was disbelief written all over her face. Jondahl predicted she would be skeptical. Part of the reason she was suspected of being a co-conspirator by the FBI was that she was a champion of her boss and her company. We expected her to deny any possibility of wrongdoing by Kevin Frist and she did, talking about all the charity work he did and the scholarships he funded. By the time she finished, I was almost convinced the man walked on water and turned the water into wine.
“I’ll explain it on the way,” I promised, “but we have to go now. Ervina, can we borrow the cheese van?”
“Of course. I put gas in it yesterday.” She went to the key rack and pulled down a key chain with a plastic cow dangling from the silver ring. “Take good care of her.”
That was “Ervina speak” for don’t get shot at or run off the road, her way of telling me she would worry about us the whole time we were gone. Far from being the archetypical evil stepmother, she was a very warm, caring person, and sometimes that made my job as a deputy even harder. Lord knows I didn’t plan on throwing myself into danger on a daily basis, but sometimes it’s just what happens when bad guys do what they do. I occasionally managed to keep the less serious incidents from her, but in the case of the tumble off the roof of the Kinsey Building, some idiot by the name of Earl shot his big, fat mouth off and asked her how I was the next day at the post office. I had a very frantic stepmother on my doorstep at nine in the morning, wanting to make sure I was still alive and kicking.
“This is nuts,” Annette announced, shaking her head as she pulled on her parka. She was still glaring at all of us, annoyed that Gerhard and Ervina were in agreement with me. “It will never work, Gabby.”
“It has to work. The FBI is planning to force you into becoming an informant by threatening to charge you with federal offenses. We’re going to grab that bull by the horns and take charge of the situation, so we can better control the outcome. We want you to look like a heroine, not some floozy who can’t keep her panties on.”
“Gabby!” The woman was positively apoplectic. But let’s be honest. Her post-husband interludes with men were less than stellar. Having been someone’s wife for so long, she was out of practice with the dating game, and that made her look like bait to the circling sharks.
“Nettie!” I returned fire.
“That was unnecessary!”
“On the contrary, it was very necessary. You’re in deep doo-doo and we’re doing this to get you out. Unless you want everyone to find out that you slept with Willy Boy!” I gave her another dose of reality to help her understand just how embarrassing this was going to get if we didn’t make this work. Sometimes ripping that Band-Aid off quickly yields the best results. If she was appalled that Gerhard and Ervina knew about her sex-capades, how was she going to feel when it was in all the newspapers during the trial?
“How dare you!” Those big blue eyes were blazing, her fists were tightly clenched, and for a fleeting moment, I actually thought my cousin was going to slug me.
“You slept with the FBI agent on the case?” Thank you, Gerhard, for putting two and two together and shouting out the answer. “What were you thinking?”
“I didn’t know he was an FBI agent!” she cried, like a wounded bear.
“He took advantage of you?” Ervina wanted to know. “That wasn’t very nice.”
“Yes. I was used. He fooled me.” Perfect. She walked right into the “I was a victim because I am an idiot” scenario. Even as my cousin defiantly stood her ground, my stepmother shook her head sadly.
“Nettie, that’s no good. You sound like a loose woman who sleeps with every Tom, Dick, and Harry.” That was the wonderful thing about Ervina. Good-hearted, decent, she understood a lot more about people than most of us.
“Not to mention Joe,” I pointed out helpfully. “And don’t forget Pete.”
“How many men were there?” my father wondered. He’s rather old-fashioned and circumspect, believing that people should control their passions in a reasonable fashion. It’s not that he’s a prude. He just thinks you shouldn’t discuss your steamy sex-ploits of swinging on the chandelier or share photos of your naked water skiing adventures on Lake Champlain in mixed company.
“You’re just plain mean!” Here come the waterworks, I warned myself. Annette was always good at turning on that faucet when all else failed. I went to the hallway and I grabbed a handful of tissues from the box on the bachelor’s chest there. Returning to the kitchen, I thrust my hand out, the tissues flapping like a white flag. She snatched them out of my fingers and drew them up to her damp eyes, dabbing delicately. Classic stage performance. It wasn’t going to work today. Time to kick some sense into her.
“You don’t think the defense attorneys will bring that up on the stand? Or that Rita Maloney, the Assistant United States Attorney will keep that quiet if you don’t give her what she wants? We need to control the damage on this, Nettie. That was part of the sheriff’s reason for getting some legal advice from Ronny Glieb, the defense attorney. Rufus doesn’t want your reputation smeared all over Manhattan, and mine with it.”
The death glare my cousin shot me would have been really scary had I been a civilian, but I’ve worked in law enforcement circles a long time. I know that sharks are born swimming, they have really sharp teeth, and if you don’t keep up, you become chum. I wasn’t about to leave my cousin dangling on that federal fish hook. I was going to reel her back in the boat in once and for all. We were going to march into that office with the evidence in hand and present it like we had no idea that Joe Fortuna and Will Jondahl were one and the same man. And then, if we were lucky, the FBI would arrange for my cousin to work with their inside guy.
The drive was quiet, thanks to the wet blanket sulking in the passenger seat. I put my foot on the accelerator once we were on I-87 and never let up. Annette slouched down lower than a teenager who’s grounded for the big dance, so I waited until she thawed out a bit before I explained about Will. She took it about the way I expected, calling him every name in the book and likening his morals to those of Jack the Ripper. I let her get it out of her system before I laid out the plan.
“We want the FBI to suggest that you help him build the case.”
“But that means I have to go back to Manhattan!”
“Yes, Annette, it does. I’m really sorry.” I kept my tone even and my eyes on the road. “It also means you have to act surprised when you find out that he’s not Joe Fortuna, Frist employee, but actually an FBI agent.”
“I hate that bastard!” she growled. “Wait until I get my hands on him! I will lay him out in lavender.”
“For God’s sake, restrain yourself from threatening to kill the guy. Must I remind you that assault on a federal agent is a serious crime? You do not want to display any hostility to Will, Nettie. That’s a sure giveaway that you two were more than just co-workers at Frist. This is going to take some serious acting skills.”
“I still want to....”
“You really are dumb when it comes to men,” I declared, hoping to distract her away from Will Jondahl’s lesser qualities.
“Excuse me? This from the woman who has never been married? Who are you to give me advice on men? At least I was married to one!”
“Ouch! I stand corrected. You’re a real expert on the male species. That’s why you shed your panties faster than a co-ed on spring break in Cozumel. What’s next? A wet tee shirt contest at the local grocery store? Boinking against the bookshelves at the New York Public Library? Mimicking Rodin’s lovers statue in the sculpture gallery at the Metropolitan?”
“You,” she sniffed with an air of great disdain, “are a real stinker, Gabriella!”
“Do you want to know a secret, or are you going to spend the entire ride being your obstinate self?”
“What secret could you have that I would possibly be interested in?” she scoffed. There she went, picking that imaginary lint off her lap again. She was like a porcupine, all her quills ruffled and ready to inflict some serious pain if I got too close.
“Will is sweet on you.”
“What? How can you possibly say that after what that bastard did to me? Are you defending him?”
“Heavens, no!” That made me laugh. “He doesn’t even know it, but he is. Do you know why he disappeared? He was afraid that if you would wind up as an FBI informant. He wanted you to run to me for help. Will knew the FBI wanted to flip you, kiddo. He said several times that you were a decent woman. That’s cop speak for someone who deserves protection.”
“You’re just saying that to get me to do what you want me to do!” There it was. Annette convinced herself that I was playing her as a deputy, to get her to do what I wanted her to do to make my case. Time for an attitude adjustment.
“You know what? I’ve had enough of this. You want to handle this on your own, that’s fine with me. We’ll go back to Latimer Falls and you can surrender to those FBI agents when they come to collect the gingerbread house. And you and Will can both self-destruct from your bad behavior. Knock yourselves out.” I put my blinker on, as if I were going to take the next exit. I was just about to turn off when she stopped me.
“Wait.” It was just one word, but I took it as a hopeful sign. I drove past the exit, waiting for her to make a commitment to the plan. I let the silence go on, putting the onus on her to speak. “How do you know he’s sincere?”
“Honestly? He doesn’t even know that he’s broadcasting his feelings for you in every word he says. He feels really guilty that he compromised your virtue by sleeping with you. And he’s been doing things for you ever since he met you. He got your purse back after you were robbed. He transferred the photos of Paul from your cell phone. He even shot at those thugs at the Mobil station.”
“That was Will?”
“That was him, Nettie. He was following us to make sure we were safe. He said you talked about me and Sam a lot, so he knew I would help you. Does that sound like a cold, heartless bastard?”
“I suppose not.” Her voice was calmer now. She was rolling the idea of Will’s affection for her around in her mind. I wondered if that ball would remain in play or go out of bounds.
“Look, Nettie, I know this has been a really, really hard year for you. Paul was sick for a long time before he died. You’re a healthy woman with needs. I get that. But you’ve been out of circulation for a long time. You’re out of practice with dating. You have to be a little more cautious. You don’t just sleep with a guy because you’re horny, not unless that’s all you want to have. Look at the guy’s character. Check him out thoroughly. Test the waters before you dive in. No guy is ever going to replace Paul. But that doesn’t mean that when you’re ready, down the road, you can’t find a new love, someone who will adore you for you.”
“I don’t even know how to date any more, Gabby. I thought that’s what men want in a woman.”
“What, sex?” I laughed as she nodded. “Of course they want sex. They’re men. But they also want to have fun. The good ones want someone to talk to, to share with, to trust. Let’s be honest. Paul liked sex, didn’t he?”
“And then some. I miss all that lust, Gabby.”
“Of course you do. But you didn’t just dive into that bed, did you? It took time for you and Paul to find your rhythm, to mesh as a couple. You waited to have sex, until you were sure there was more than just that spark, right?”
“He pestered me for three months, day and night. I used to call him ‘Octopus Hands’. And then one day we were talking about the future. He started telling me what he was seeking out of life and I suddenly realized he wanted me.” A small, wistful smile crossed her face as she fondly remembered the old days with Paul, and then it disappeared quickly, as the new reality of her life returned to her conscious mind.
“A good relationship takes time to develop,” I reminded her. “You have to test each other. You have to really know the other person. Otherwise, you’ll get blindsided, and when the going gets tough, you might find your partner takes a powder.”
“I thought Will already did,” she admitted.
“In a way. But he really did it to protect you, Nettie. He knows that when the FBI spends that much of its budget and uses that many resources to make a case, the Department of Justice expects the prosecution to be successful. That makes the attorneys involved rather ruthless. Will didn’t want you to be coerced into cooperating.”
“And how is what you are doing now any different? Aren’t you expecting me to cooperate with the FBI?”

Chapter Eleven --

“Yes, but on a more solid footing. You’re going to go in and explain how you can read blueprints, how that gingerbread house was constructed according to the specs the engineers recommended, that the architects planned for, and you’re going to tell the FBI that it’s possible shortcuts were taken.” I held off on the theory that Frist wanted to use the faulty gas lines to blow Phase One up to get the insurance money. “Tell them about the concrete bids and your concerns that things aren’t right. That’s true, isn’t it?”
“Well, yes.”
“Stick to the truth, Annette. Let people ask you questions. Don’t volunteer any information or speculate on what’s happening. Let me do that. You just tell them what you’ve actually observed, heard, or noticed. Things at the office that didn’t make sense. Things at the construction site that weren’t normal. If this is an organized crime thing, the FBI will make the connections. If this is some kind of insurance fraud, the agents will find the evidence.”
“Gabby, there was something the other day.”
“What?”
“A man called for Mr. Frist. He didn’t want to talk to him. He just wanted me to give him a message.”
“And?” I looked over at her expectantly.
“He said his name was Tony and the fuel delivery for 1423 would take place as scheduled.”
“Why is that unusual?” I wanted to know.
“We don’t have fuel delivered there, Gabby. The natural gas lines are already operational.”
“Hmm...I wonder what that means.”
“Me, too.”
We took the exit for Central Avenue ten minutes later, pulling into the Mobil station and parking far enough away from the convenience store and the pumps that we wouldn’t be mistaken for customers. I had already pulled up the directions for the FBI office. It was just a matter of collecting the gingerbread house and finding McCarty Avenue.
Will pulled in a few minutes later. He parked his Ford Explorer a few spots down from us. When he recognized us in the cheese van, he gave us a quick nod before climbing out. I knew my cousin was nervous when she put a cold, clammy hand on mine.
“What should I say to him, Gabby? You know. About the sex.”
“Maybe you could just leave that alone for now. Focus on the case. You two can pick up that piece of string when you get through this mess.”
“Right.”
I opened the driver’s door and stepped out. There was a bitter wind blowing in. We’d probably have another snow storm in the next day or two. Even as I wondered about the weather, Nettie and Will were locking eyes across the parking lot. I turned my attention to the van’s back door. Fumbling with the remote, I popped the automatic door button and watched the hatchback lift with a little whirl of gears.
“Gabby, would you give us a minute?” Will asked. I saw the curiosity in Annette’s eyes. He wanted to talk to her alone. She seemed to take that as a good sign. So did I.
“I’ll just go use the ladies room,” I promised. I strolled into the convenience store and kept myself busy for the next five minutes, between the bathroom and gazing out the window. The clerk looked up at me with concern, until I flashed a cheerful smile, pointed to the pair talking in the parking lot, and announced, “Lovers’ tiff. I wish they’d just kiss and make up. It’s cold out there.”
Even as I turned my attention back to the window, I saw Will’s hand take Annette’s. It wasn’t a big gesture. It was an intimate one. It was one lover trying to soothe another. Even as her head fell forward towards his chest, the emotions seemed raw. Maybe there really was something between them, but I couldn’t afford to have Annette get all mopey over Will. I pushed open the door and went back out into the cold.
“Are we ready?” I asked cheerfully. The two lovebirds seemed less than ready to part. Too bad. It was time to get this thing done. I didn’t want to find myself surrounded by a bunch of federal agents here at the Mobil station, and I sure didn’t want Will to be shoved into sacrificing my cousin to save his career. “Let’s go, before that window of opportunity shuts and we lose our options.”
“Oh,” Annette sighed forlornly.
“You should go,” Will agreed, his heart plainly on his sleeve.
“Buck up. You two will hopefully be working together on this case.”
“I just explained to Annette that we won’t be able to have a personal relationship for the duration of the case and the subsequent trial,” the FBI agent informed me.
“Then you two should get busy,” I reminded them. “The sooner you wrap this up, the better. Chop, chop. Let’s shake a leg.”
Will put the gingerbread house in the back of the cheese van and gently shut the door. He seemed to pause, hesitant to walk away. I climbed into the driver’s seat to wait. Sure enough, I caught a sly, furtive kiss between the lovers through the side mirror before they parted. Did this mean they would blow the game plan? The last thing I needed was the FBI breathing down my neck about bad information. I sure didn’t want anyone asking me what I knew about the relationship between Nettie and Will.
My cousin opened the door and crawled up into the seat. Her chin seemed to quiver as she fought back the tears. I was about to give her another speech when I realized it might actually be okay for her to show up at the field office feeling conflicted. After all, she was turning on her boss, and it would be normal for her to have doubts about what she was doing. That would give me the chance to suggest that she was being used by her boss and that she didn’t really understand the whole concern about fraud and organized crime.
The start of the meeting was a little bumpy. The agents seemed to doubt Annette’s story, convinced she was deep into Frist’s fraud, helping her boss to cover the trail of deception. 
“Ms. Dupuis,” said the assistant special agent-in-charge, “are you sure you don’t want to have a lawyer present at this meeting?”
My cousin still looked rather frazzled, but she was getting used to having me speak for her, explaining what she did and why. I insisted that we were there to offer information to the FBI on some potentially unsavory activities at Frist and Company. The atmosphere in the room began to warm up as my cousin got started explaining the new construction techniques and the recommendations of the structural engineers. She was in her glory as she told the agents what they should look for when they inspected the place.
The gingerbread house sat in the middle of the table. They were happy to see it, given that they had sent a couple of agents to collect the duplicate gingerbread house. The structural differences between the two cookie concoctions were striking. Half a dozen agents peppered us with questions, especially after they saw the documents Nettie and I had concealed in the fake snow. I handed over the Tracfone I had used to photograph them. Back and forth, the conversation flew. An hour and a half later, we wrapped things up in the conference room. By the time we were done laying our cards on the table, the roof of the original gingerbread house had been carefully cut away, Annette had pointed out the architectural and construction features, and the assistant special agent-in-charge, Georgia Dumont, had called Will’s boss in New York, to coordinate the game plan. Another half an hour passed before she got a call back that two agents were on their way to collect Annette and return her to Manhattan, where she would work with the field office there to develop evidence for the case.
Apparently Will made good use of his time after leaving us. He was in New Jersey by the time his boss caught up with him, but he managed to join his colleagues en route, and when the new agents walked into the conference room, he was them. He left it to them to break the news to the supposedly shocked Frist and Company employ that he was not Joe Fortuna. The look on Annette’s face, with all its sadness and disappointment, was perfect. No reason the FBI needed to know it was because the lovers would not be able to resume their affair until after the case wrapped up, right? Besides, I actually was beginning to think that maybe it was a good thing they had to cool it down. There was so obviously a powerful spark between them. You could almost see the sizzle of desire every time their eyes met. It would take a fire brigade to put that blaze out.
Just before six, I walked with my cousin out of the FBI office and down to the street, where the two agents were waiting with the car that would take her to the city.
“Oh! I left my suitcase at Black Forest Farm,” she moaned. I put a protective arm around her and squeezed her shoulder. “And my car....”
“Not to worry. If you can wait until Friday, I’ll drive it down, with the suitcase.” I was beginning to feel like I spent my days and nights cruising on I-87. “You call me if you need anything. Anything at all, Nettie.”
“She’ll be in good hands, Deputy Grimm,” Franklin, the senior agent promised.
“We’ve got this. You can stand down,” said Genovese, the younger agent, giving me a little attitude to let me know this was now a federal case and I wasn’t invited to the party.
“You make sure she stays safe, boys.” I gave them my best “don’t even think about messing with me” look as the door shut on Annette in the back seat. “I don’t want any mistakes. I don’t want any screw-ups. You make your bones some other way, but you do not risk my cousin’s safety. Are we clear on that?”
“Just who do you think....” said the snotty little junior G-man. His partner cut him off.
“Crystal, ma’am. You have a nice day.”
“Drive safely. Bring her back in one piece,” I instructed them in my most motherly voice. Genovese gave me a big huff-and-puff, like he was going to blow my house of sticks down. I guessed he was still be a probie, in his first year as an agent, practicing all those neat little tricks they teach at the academy in Quantico. Franklin tried to hide his smirk, but as soon as his partner was climbing into the passenger seat, he gave me a wink. I rolled my eyes upward and feigned a great sigh while pretending to burp a baby. Franklin had my condolences on working with such an unseasoned horse’s ass. We’ve all been there and we know what it’s like to be stuck with the smart ass kid in need of an attitude adjustment. We also know that the new members of the team sometimes are so ambitious, they take short cuts and risks that more seasoned law enforcement officers avoid. I wasn’t about to let that little Twinkie think he was hot stuff because he was riding shotgun for the FBI on an organized crime case.
The last thing I saw as the federal sedan drove off was Annette’s stricken face at the back window. She seemed to have doubts about what she was going to do, and frankly, I was more than a little apprehensive myself. My only consolation was that I really did think Will would do everything in his power to keep her safe. Would it be enough?
I stopped for coffee and a burger about an hour later, sitting at one of the little tables with the attached chairs at a McDonald’s. My fanny wasn’t overly fond of the hard seat. No matter how I tried to adjust myself, there was just no cushioning for my bruised bum.
By the time I rolled into the garage up at the farmhouse, it was well after ten. I found Ervina in the family room, the clack-clack-clack of her loom keeping a steady beat. She was making a lap blanket out of the wool she carded and spun, courtesy of her small herd of Angora goats.
“How did it go?” she wanted to know.
“Like butter. They took her back to New York to help them with the case.” I sat for a moment. “Nettie’s got it bad for that agent.”
“Does she? I suspected as much. What’s he like?”
“Nice enough. He seems to have it bad for her, too. I caught them exchanging kisses.”
“Oh, how lovely.”
“Not really. They can’t fool around as long as there is an active case and during the prosecution phase.” I scratched one of the farm cats under the chin and was rewarded with a purr. “It might put a damper on the romance, especially if it’s just about the lust.
“Then again, if it’s meant to be, it will be.” Ervina is a big believer in what she likes to call kismet. She thinks that if two people belong together, they will recognize it and find a way. Me? I think love is often thwarted by stubbornness and stupidity. How many people throw away a perfectly good relationship in favor of the new, untested options? Looks can be deceiving. The unknown can seem exciting on the surface, and as you get closer to the center, you find a dud. It’s like when you look at a box of assorted chocolates. They all look tasty on the outside, but it’s what’s inside that matters. I’m a firm believer that when you find a good man, you stick with him, and when the going gets tough or there’s a lull in the hoo-hah department, you get busy. Sometimes you have no choice but to make your own magic.
“I guess we’ll have to leave them to sort it out. Thanks for letting us use your van,” I said to her, giving her a quick hug on my way out. “Tell Gerhard I said good night.”
“I will. Get some rest. Remember, you’re still healing.”
Puss was waiting at the top of the stairs, a plaintive howl rising in the air as I unlocked the door and let myself in. I gave him his propers, including a scratch behind the ears, before tossing his catnip mouse across the floor. He slid across the wood floor, smacking the felt figure around with his paws until it disappeared under the sofa.
I checked my emails. Another message from “Harry Mann”.
Dear Fraulein Grimm -- I regret to inform you that your marzipan Christmas pig and your Schladerer pralines are currently out of stock. We hope to ship them soon for arrival by December 24. Yours sincerely, Harry Mann

Chapter Twelve -- 

Great. It was bad enough that Sam would be away for the holiday. Now it looked like I might not get his gift in time. Sam knew the marzipan Christmas pig was a traditional German custom, one I had loved since childhood. He also knew those pralines are one of my weaknesses. Well, at least I wouldn’t have to worry about temptations this Christmas, I told myself. I was too bummed out to eat candy. The only sweets I wanted were Sam’s hungry kisses, and if I couldn’t have those, I didn’t much care about anything else.
I climbed into bed just before eleven, deciding that I was fine to go back into work in the morning. Rufus and I had touched base right after I left the federal building, but we still had to compare notes, to make sure we were up to speed, in case something went wrong for Annette in Manhattan. At least work would keep my mind off of missing Sam. I decided to throw myself into my deputy duties, making the village of Latimer Falls safe for its citizens.
The morning dawned a dim gray. I peered out the window on my way to the bathroom. It looked like we got about four inches of snow overnight. That sometimes meant fender benders, stranded motorists, and the occasional sledding accident. Last year, Jessica Mallins hit a big pine tree head-on behind the elementary school when she went roaring down the hill on her toboggan. I called her mom at Delia’s Bakery and had her meet us at Doc Morris’s office, where the gash on little Jessica’s chin required ten stitches. I wondered if we’d have any similar incidents today.
The worst were always the ones involving all-terrain vehicles. That usually required a more serious emergency response, like the time Gerry Rutgers had his machine roll over on his broken leg. We needed a team to pull the ATV off of the injured man without causing more harm. Biscuit hooked a tow rope to the police SUV, while a bunch of volunteer firefighters coordinated the lifting of the machine off the victim. The agonized screams of the poor man stayed in my head long after he was patched up at the hospital. I could do without those kinds of accidents. 
At this time of year, the teenagers often engaged in creative Christmas decorating. Don’t ask me where the tradition started, but the little buggers often went around to the houses with the best decorations and redistributed them to the neighbors. It was almost always in good fun. Mrs. Winkler found her inflatable snowman plugged in down at the Rawsons’ barn, keeping the chickens company late one December night. Another time, the kids grabbed up the fake packages that Mrs. Wilson placed in her sleigh on the front lawn and put them under the library’s illuminated blue spruce. They also collected Mr. Wisnewski’s twig reindeer and scattered them across the library lawn. A couple of days later, another wise guy got a hold of the plastic coyote that the Latimer Lake Association put up to keep the Canada geese from polluting the lake with their droppings and set it up so that it appeared to be chasing the reindeer. You name it, we’ve seen it at the holidays. Even Louie Zefferelli got into the act one year when he put pink flamingoes in Lucy Wentworth’s holiday Toyland display. The only rule we had in town was simple. Don’t mess with the manger at the congregational church. The Baby Jesus is off limits.
The nice thing about the village of Latimer Falls was that folks didn’t care if you were Catholic or Presbyterian, Jewish, or Muslim, believer or non-believer. We respected each other as human beings, maybe even more so at the holidays. Mrs. Klein was a big supporter of the Latimer Falls Sheriff’s Department, and she knew that Rufus had a weakness for kugel. Every Hanukkah, she dropped some off for him, knowing it was a real treat for the former city cop.
We shared our customs and traditions across the village. Many of Gerhard’s workers stayed on the farm all year-long and my father encouraged them to uphold their traditions. It was a big reason why they stayed through the years. On Three Kings Day in January, the Hispanic farm workers in the surrounding towns celebrated in Gerhard’s heated garage, decorating it from ceiling to floor with tiny lights. They filled it with tables and chairs, set up a buffet table, and hosted a feast that was open to all. We would crowd into the space to listen to Latino music, cut the Rosca de Reyes, and hope to be the one to find the tiny doll baked inside.
I left for work just after eight-fifteen, taking my time on the slick country roads. I called in to let Marge know I was on my way, in case there was someone in need of assistance. She informed me that Mrs. Lukens reported that her mailbox had been knocked off its post, no doubt thanks to the Bartles’ snow removal service. I headed over there to see what I could do to fix the octogenarian’s problem. When I arrived on Larchmont Lane, I found the metal box tipped, but not off the platform. Grabbing my cordless screwdriver from the tool box I keep in the trunk of my trusty yellow bug, I had the mailbox righted in less than a minute. Once that was taken care of, I let the elderly woman know all was right with the world. She invited me in for a cup of tea and I accepted. I’m a big believer in community policing and sometimes the best information I get from Latimer Falls residents comes while I’m sitting in someone’s living room, shooting the breeze. We passed a quarter of an hour together, chatting about what was going on in the village before I continued on my way to the sheriff’s office.
Rufus and I met for about twenty minutes, exchanging information on a number of issues, including the roof incident. I had yet to file my official report, which I promised to do immediately after our meeting. Rufus warned me that there were a series of house break-ins a couple of towns away. Even though Latimer Falls isn’t right on the highway, we get our fair share of people passing through on their way to somewhere else. It sounded like the daylight robberies were related to folks looking for items to pawn, so they probably were hoping to feed a drug habit. I suggested that we up the patrols and create a more visible daytime presence on the main roads, as a deterrent. The sheriff agreed, assigning us to fifteen minute stints in the little lay-bys near the highway. That way, when the thieves rolled into town, the first thing they were likely to see was Latimer Falls’ finest.
Marge sent me on three calls before lunch, including a possible shoplifting incident at Voneger’s Bridal. They thought they might be missing a veil with a silk taffeta headband, although it was possible it was misplaced when they had a crowd in from Westford Corners over the weekend.
“Speaking of weddings, when are you and the Hunk tying the knot, Gabby?” That’s the downside of living in a small town. Everybody seems to have an opinion on your love life.
“Gosh, Fran, I couldn’t tell you. But if you hear anything, let me know.” I gave her a wink to let her know I wasn’t taking her snooping to heart. She threw her head back and laughed.
“Well, you be sure to come see me for that wedding gown. We have all the latest fashions right here. No need to go traipsing off to the big city.”
“I’ll keep that in mind.”
“Do.”
I grabbed a quick bite at the Watering Hole. They were offering minestrone soup and grilled cheese for the lunch special. Carol Findley asked me if I had seen the tree decorations over on Willow Brook Road. I had to admit I hadn’t.
“Definitely check it out, Gabby. It’s worth the trip.”
Sure enough, it was. Someone had plastered the faces of the junior high and high school faculty on the heads of Santa’s reindeer. I was still chuckling when I got back to the office.
I checked in with Annette when I got back home. She insisted she was doing fine, but it sounded like she was holding something back. I applied a little pressure to shake it loose.
“What’s wrong? You want me to call the special agent-in-charge and complain?” I figured that would get her in a tizzy. I was right.
“No, it’s nothing like that. It’s just...it’s just... well, Kevin Frist is a real creep!”
“Because....” I waited for her to fill in the blank.
“Did you know that he hired Joe to seduce me?” she demanded. I noted her use of Will’s cover name and decided not to correct her. Better she should maintain the fiction, just in case Frist got curious and bugged her calls. I didn’t give her a direct answer. It didn’t seem like she was looking for one. She was just really mad.
“That really stinks,” I commiserated.
“God, this is so unfair! What am I going to do for a job when this one ends?”
“Is that what’s bothering you?” I asked. “Good heavens, Gerhard was just saying that he thought you could do a lot better, given your talents as model-maker. He said there are several architectural designers who would love to use your services. You know, he still has a lot of contacts in the city. He could set you up.”
“Oh, you’re just saying that to make me feel better,” she replied.
“Actually, no. He really does think you have a gift. Of course, Ervina thinks you should open your own cookie company. She even mentioned something about the fact that if you were ever interested, she could use you for the winery and the gift store, although that’s not really your thing.”
“It could be.”
“What?”
“You heard me. I think I want a change, Gabby. The city’s not for me, especially now that my boss is such a creep.”
“Well, you just say the word and we’ll help you any way we can.”
“Oh,” I heard her sigh. “Who am I kidding? I still have the condo. What would I do with that?”
“You could rent it out,” I suggested.
“And where am I going to find a decent place to live up there, let alone make enough money to support myself?”
“Well, funny you should mention that, because Ervina was just saying the other day that bookings at the bed and breakfast on her farm are down. I’m sure she’d let you rent a suite for as long as you want it. It’s not like she runs the place for a profit. She just enjoys sharing the whole farm experience with folks. And if you did decide to go into the cookie business, that place has a real baker’s kitchen.”
“Cookies? I don’t know, Gabby. That’s a lot of work. I doubt I’d make any money at it.”
“You’re probably right,” I said smoothly, letting the seed dig itself into the fertile ground. Let Annette talk herself into moving to Latimer Falls. I wouldn’t push her one way or another. I would let her make up her own mind. I knew how much she enjoyed her visits to the farm, even when she was fleeing from embarrassing debacles in public elevators. “Listen, I’ll be coming up on Friday with the car and your suitcase. Maybe we could do something fun. Take in a movie or go out to dinner. What do you say?”
“That sounds good. What time are you planning to come?” she wanted to know.
“I’d like to avoid that rush hour traffic. The sheriff approved my request for a vacation day, so I thought I’d head out early. I’ll probably get there by three. If you’re working, I can drop the car off in your garage and go explore the city.”
“Why don’t you come by Frist and Company? I’ll give you my key.”
That was the plan. Funny how things don’t work out the way they should.
On Thursday, I got in touch with Will in the FBI field office, to make sure I was up to speed. We went back and forth on some of the developments. He didn’t expect any problems over the weekend, especially if Nettie and I were out having a good time.
“Call me when you get there, just in case.”
“Will do,” I promised.
When Friday rolled around, I threw my overnight bag and purse in the Toyota Corolla. My bruises and contusions had begun to fade, from deep purple to mauve to a Christmas-y green, so I settled my tushie in the driver’s seat for the ride back to Manhattan. The clouds were heavy with moisture and I held my breath, hoping we wouldn’t get snow until I was a lot closer to the city. I really didn’t relish six hours of knuckle-biting driving.
By two, I was sitting in bumper-to-bumper traffic, listening to New York radio stations as I waited to cross the bridge. By two-thirty, I was pulling into the parking garage for the building where Frist and Company had their office. Before I went in, I gave Will a quick call, to see if he had any instructions for me.
“Things seem fairly copacetic, Gabby. Just keep an eye out. And feel free to share your impressions of the place.”
“I’ll be happy to do that, Will. You call me if you need anything. I’m here for the weekend.”
“Good to know.”
I made my way up the elevator and out into the foyer of Frist and Company. A twelve-year-old receptionist with spiky blond hair sat at the desk, looking bored. She was texting on her cell phone.
“Hi, I’m here to see Annette,” I announced cheerfully. She never bothered to look up.
“Not here.”
“She’s expecting me,” I smiled.
“Went out for a meeting. You can wait.”
“Did she say when she would be back?”
“No.”
“I’m her cousin, Gabriella Grimm. Did she leave something for me?”
“No.” Those black-rimmed eyes looked at me with resentment. I was interrupting her electronic word chat.
“Where is this meeting?” I asked, suddenly apprehensive. Annette knew when I would be arriving. She also knew that she would be giving me her condo key. This wasn’t like the overly efficient woman I knew.
“At 1423. She and the boss are inspecting the place.”
My heart dropped to my feet. Nettie never said a word about any meeting, and certainly Will didn’t seem to be expecting this when I spoke to him earlier. I dialed Annette’s phone. My unease grew as the call went to voicemail. She always left her phone on.
“Can you please point me to the ladies room?” I smiled as pleasantly as I could, even as I fingered my cell phone in my trouser pocket. “I just had a long drive.”
“Down the hall and on your left.”
“Thanks,” I called over my shoulder. Pushing on the door, I went in. No other feet under the stall doors. I made sure before I dialed Will’s number.
“Did you know Annette was inspecting 1423 today?”
“What?” he demanded. I repeated the question. “Oh, geez!”

Chapter Thirteen --

“’Oh, geez?’ That doesn’t sound good.”
“It’s not. I’ve got to get over there. I’ll call you.”
“Hey!” It was too late. Will had hung up. Well, the hell with this, I thought to myself. I asked the receptionist for a brochure for 1423, telling her I was interested in Phase Two. She reluctantly went to a display counter and pulled one out of a drawer, offering it to me like I was a contagious leper.
“Anything else?” Again with the attitude. I decided she must be someone’s kid, maybe even Kevin Frist’s.
“No, thanks. You’ve been so helpful. Toodle-loo,” I tossed over my shoulder as I pushed the button for the elevator.
“Whatever.”
Even as I left the building, I was punching the addresses into my Smartphone for directions. At every intersection, whenever the traffic slowed to a halt, I did my best to memorize the map of 1423. Where were the entrances to the complex? Where was the Phase One building? Where should I park? Worry raced through my head like a rat in a lab maze trying to find the all-important cheese. My fears flamed up as I became consumed with the image of Annette alone at the new condos with her boss. I tried to calm myself. Maybe it was nothing. Maybe I was just overreacting. She’s probably fine. Then again, maybe Annette was in real danger. At least Will was already on his way. If anyone could mobilize an emergency response, it was he. I could count on him, couldn’t I? I tried hard to shove those doubts out of my head as I closed in on my destination. I was almost there. I was so close. Another few turns and it would be over. I would know Annette’s fate, one way or another.
I expected the parking lot to be filled with cars, trucks, and heavy equipment when I arrived at 1423. I expected the sound of hammers and power tools throughout the complex. I expected to see workmen coming and going as they moved materials in or rubble out. Instead, there was an almost eerie calm. The deserted development was devoid of any signs that it was an active building site. This was Friday afternoon. Where was everyone? Had that teenage receptionist got her information wrong? Was Annette already back at the office? I tried her cell phone again. She was still not answering. I checked the map again. I was close to the Phase One building. Pulling the Toyota into a slot, I parked. Once the engine was off, I unlocked the glove compartment and pulled out my Glock. Lock and load time. No one was going to get the jump on me. Where the hell was Will? Shouldn’t he have been here by now? At the very least, he should have sent someone to make sure Annette was okay.
As I got out of the car and headed towards the building in the center of the complex, I couldn’t shake the feeling that something was very wrong. What was it giving me the heebie jeebies? It wasn’t just the long, uninterrupted silence. It was the feeling that I wasn’t alone. There was someone else here, someone dangerous. A watcher. I went back over my thoughts again, sifting through. No other cars on a Friday afternoon. What time was quitting time? We were coming up on four. It was possible they left early. But where was Nettie? I had her car. How did she get here? Did Kevin Frist give her a ride? If so, where was his car? Was there another way into the development? I didn’t see one on the brochure.
And then I saw it. A furtive movement on the second floor, third window from the right. A brief glimpse of a face and then it was gone. There it was again, this time in another unit. I could see a man systematically working his way through the building. What was he doing? Had he seen me? I didn’t think so, because he was still visible, still going through the condos. Logic suggested that if Nettie was here, she was most likely to be in one of the first places he stopped, if she was still alive and in danger. I headed for the door to my right, realizing as I went that in a place like this, especially on the weekend, there should have been a security guard. Considering the amount of construction materials here, especially if they were using copper piping on the plumbing, Frist and Company stood to lose a lot of money, should they be robbed. With Phase One almost completed and the next two phases just about ready to start, there should have been at least one guard, if not more.
I let myself in through the side door, pausing long enough to listen hard for sounds of activity. There was nothing. I could have been on the moon, for all the distance I felt between me and the next guy on the planet.
The first two condos were unlocked and unoccupied. They appeared to be mirror images of each other. The third was incomplete, still without a functional kitchen and baths. The fourth was pay dirt. I needed only to step into the room and I knew this was the place. How did I know? Annette’s perfume. It clung to the air with a desperation borne of fear. Where was she? The combination living and dining room was empty, as was the kitchen. The master bedroom was empty, too. The second bedroom didn’t have a door yet. It was here that I got the strongest impression that Nettie was just out of reach.
“Annette?” I kept my voice low. “Are you here?”
The thud was barely discernible. Enough to capture my attention. Not enough to direct me. Where could she be? I had checked every room, even the bathrooms. What hadn’t I checked? I went back over the condo, looking for the mechanical room. It was just off the kitchen, with a couple of hook-ups for a laundry center. Where else could she be hidden? The master bedroom’s walk-in closet revealed nothing. Dead end.
“Nettie? I can’t seem to find you. Can you bang again?”
Sure enough, this time I heard the sound more clearly. It sounded like it came from that second bedroom. I gazed around the big, empty room.
“Nothing,” I grumbled to myself. Where was she? The last place to look was the closet. “Nettie, are you in here?”
Even as I slid the door open, I could see the shoes. Attractive leopard print three-inch heels. Stockings on the legs. Skirt cut just above the knee. Gag across the mouth. She was sitting on the floor in the dark, hands behind her. I started to remove the duct tape, wondering why the gag. After all, there was no one around. And then I knew. I could see it in Annette’s eyes. She was terrified. He must be behind me.  Even as I leaned across with one hand to help her, I was reaching for my Glock with the other. Flipping off the safety, I whirled around, just barely catching him unaware.
“Hands in the air!” I bellowed in my best law enforcement voice. “Now!”
The middle-aged man was short, fat, bald, and dressed in black. The eyes were void of any surprise or conscience. He looked right through me, like I didn’t exist. Even as he put his hands above his head, he was already planning his next move. The eyes were calculating the distance between us. I knew I only had seconds before he activated the plan. He was a professional killer. I held my weapon steady, knowing he was coming at me.
Seven seconds later, he launched himself at me. He came in low and fast, faster than I expected a man of his physical health and age. Without even thinking about it, I took him out at the knee, aiming my right foot at the vulnerable cap and striking a blow that sent him reeling onto his back. That’s the benefit of having a boyfriend who’s Special Forces. One of Sam’s favorite activities is to practice his kick boxing, and as his occasional sparring partner, I’ve learned a few moves. I closed in with my weapon aimed at his groin as the hit man writhed on the ground.
“Give me a reason,” I warned him. This time, he stayed on his back. Even as my eyes never strayed from his face, I could hear shouting down the hallway.
“Annette!”
“We’re in here,” I shouted. “You bastards are late!”
“We were turning off the gas. It took me this long to get a crew from the gas company to shut off the line from the street. Hello,” said Will, rounding the corner with a motley crew of federal agents. “You’re not alone.”
“No, we’re not,” I replied, still not trusting the human cannonball. His options were quickly diminishing, and that made him even more dangerous. He had nothing to lose. I also learned that from Sam, who dealt with desperate people every day.
You can’t trust them for a second, Gabby. Never let down your guard. They’re opportunists. They seize the moment, and when they do, they kill. That’s why you always have to make the first move. It has to be preemptive. You come in fast and you come in hard. You establish your control, because if you don’t, you’ll waste valuable time and effort trying to catch up.
“Damn!” one of the other agents moaned. “It’s Frankie Galicchio, the Snuffman!”
“No way!” said another.
“Seriously, it is, man!”
“Are you boys done chatting about the Little League game?” I demanded. “Because if you are, I’d appreciate it if you would apprehend the suspect.”
“Yes, ma’am!” they said with great enthusiasm. As Will supervised, they disarmed the suspect, who was carrying what looked like a Beretta 92A1. More federal agents filled the room. There seemed to be a lot of cheering upon seeing the Snuffman in handcuffs.
Once I holstered my weapon, I reached down to release my cousin from her restraints. As the tape came off her mouth, a long, pain-racked sob escaped from her lips and filled the air with a primitive sound so powerful, the law enforcement people all turned in shock. Will dropped what he was doing, ran to her side, and dropped to his knees.
“You’re okay, Annette. Take a deep breath!” Despite his best efforts, she was going into shock. As scary as the attack on me had been, it didn’t warrant this kind of reaction from her. I was stunned. She was gasping for air. And then I saw the blood spattered across the front of her blouse. How had I missed that?
“Is she injured?” I asked. Will looked at me as I said those words and then looked back at Nettie.
“That’s not her blood!”
“Whose is it?”
“Annette, was someone hurt?” He put his face to hers, barely an inch away. She nodded. “Who?”
“Ke-ke-ke....”
“Kevin?” I suggested helpfully.
“Ye-ye-yes!”
“Where?” All those FBI agents quickly crowded into the opening of the closet, jockeying for position. They were elbowing each other and bitching. Someone actually fell against me as I was hunched over, almost knocking me into my distraught cousin. I gave the bastard a shove backwards. I felt like a wiener drowning in a barrel of sauerkraut. Too much condiment, not enough dog or bun. Annette’s right hand pointed behind them. We all turned to look.
“Bath tub.”
The hunt was on. Two minutes later, the blood-soaked body of Kevin Frist was found down the hall, in the spa tub of the master bedroom of another condo. His limbs had been severed from his trunk with a construction worker’s power saw.
“Holy mother of pearl,” I could hear one of the agents exclaimed aloud. “If that isn’t the epitome of evil, what is?”
There was also the sound of retching as one of the agents was rushed away from the murder scene. A weak stomach was no legitimate excuse for contaminating evidence.
Will and I took Annette to the emergency room. She had a few bruises, but most of her wounds were psychological. She had seen the horror of her boss slaughtered before her eyes and immediately withdrew into herself. It didn’t look like she was coming out anytime soon.
The consulting psychiatrist called to the emergency room was a well-known trauma specialist who had worked with returning vets. When Dr. Rayburn asked for a description of the murder scene, I gave it to him in great detail. Will promised to return after he had finished processing the Snuffman and catching up on the report. That was fine with me. It wasn’t like Annette and I were going anywhere, not given the state she was in. By six, she was admitted for observation.
Just after nine, the medication took effect and she fell sound asleep, knocked out by a powerful tranquilizer cocktail that put her in La-La Land. I curled up for a little shut-eye of my own, dozing fitfully in the chair beside Nettie’s bed.
“Gabby.” A hand touched my shoulder and I bolted up from my seat.
“What?” I shook myself back to consciousness. It was Will.
“How is she?”
“Exhausted. Terrified. Horrified.”
“Damn it.” He patted her hand automatically, as if it would comfort the sleeping patient, and in doing so, him as well. That was the guilt talking. After all, he had reassured us several times that Annette would be safe if she cooperated with the FBI’s investigation. “This whole thing is unbelievable. Who would have guessed?”
“I take it the Snuffman is a big collar.”
“Yeah, that too.” At least he had the good sense not to take delight in leading the team who caught a really bad guy while ruining a truly wonderful woman.
“Meaning?” I could tell there was more to the story.
“Guess who hired Galicchio.”
“I give up. Who?”
“Kevin’s brother.”

Chapter Fourteen --

“His brother, the guy who went missing all those years ago?”
“Yes, Kyle is alive and well. It gets better. The new wife, Christine? She’s Kyle’s long-time girlfriend. It turns out she and Kyle have been plotting to kill Kevin for months.”
“Talk to me.” Now I was leaning forward. I couldn’t help myself. There was a much bigger story here, one the FBI hadn’t seen coming. I wanted to know why. “Where was Kyle all these years?”
“Kevin hired Michael O’Callaghan, an IRA gangster, to murder his brother back in 1993, when that million dollars plus disappeared. According to Christine, who has already agreed to testify against Kyle in exchange for not getting the needle, Kyle took the money because Kevin was cheating him. He made his way to Florida, put the money in a bank in Miami and then began laundering it, until it was clean enough to move to Key West, where he settled down to build his new life. Kevin tracked the money to that bank account, thanks to a forensic accountant he hired, and began stealing the money back, using a series of wire transfers he arranged over the space of a week. That flushed Kyle out of hiding and O’Callahan was waiting when Kyle showed up in New York to grab the money back.”
“No love lost between the brothers?” I asked. Will shook his head.
“That’s an understatement. What Kevin never knew was that Kyle got the jump on O’Callaghan and had tortured O’Callaghan into giving up the plan before he killed him. Kyle was unable to resume his life, so he just stayed out of sight and spent years plotting to rip off Frist and Company, using a number of associates to help him. And even after he got the money back, he kept going. All these years, he’s had his thugs sabotage the real estate projects, bleeding his brother dry to the point that Kevin couldn’t sustain the company any more. That’s when Kevin sold a good portion of the company to the venture investment firm and came up with the idea of blowing up Phase One to get the insurance money and cover up the shoddy construction.”
“Where does Christine fit in?” I wondered. “Did she break up the first marriage for Kyle’s benefit?”
“And then some. The idea was to use her to ruin Kevin. It looks like she was pretty successful. Not only was she feeding Kyle the financial information, she was meeting him regularly for sex.”
“Which must mean Kyle has been nearby all this time? How did he pull that off?”
“A lot of plastic surgery. And yes, he’s been living in Greenwich, Connecticut all this time. He’s called himself a venture capitalist.”
“Oh, let me guess. That investment firm that bought the controlling shares of Frist and Company is owned by Kyle?”
“You got it. Kyle is Blue Ridge.”
“Great. When do you get Kyle?” I wanted to know. I wasn’t going to rest easy until he was in a maximum security prison, under lock and key, without access to the outside world.
“The federal judge signed off on the warrant an hour ago. We’re just waiting for a special team to assemble and move in. The concern is that Kyle has his mansion booby-trapped to blow and an arsenal of weapons at his disposal to fend off any efforts to apprehend him.”
“Right.” I nodded, still processing the information. “How come Christine gave him up so easily?”
“Good question. Turns out Kevin treated her a hell of a lot better than Kyle did. She developed feelings for the bastard. Lately, she had a case of the guilts and started slipping up. Last month, Kyle beat the crap out of her during a visit. She told her husband she was mugged.”
“Nasty stuff, Will.”
“This case is going to be big, Gabriella. Very sad, but very big.”
“You’re going to be tied up for a long time,” I sighed. “Is that what you’re trying to tell me?”
No wonder he was blue. Nettie was off-limits until the conclusion of the trial. The star-crossed lovers were separated by fate. Too bad, because this guy clearly had it bad for my cousin.
“What’s the plan for Annette?”
“The doctors want to treat her for psychological trauma. She’s likely to have nightmares for a long time,” I confided.
“No doubt.”
“But I have my own plan.”
“You do?”
“Yup. I’m going to arrange to transfer her to a hospital up in Vermont. There’s a great doctor up there who specializes in PTSD. When the Klarsfeld family was taken hostage last year, they needed a lot of psychological support after they were threatened and tortured. I have a lot of confidence in this particular doctor because I saw the results of her therapy. Annette and I had already talked about her moving up there permanently. We even talked about how she could earn a living. She needs to be with her family.”
“She does,” he conceded sadly. She was slipping out of his fingers. Say goodbye to the love that never got a foothold. “She really wants this?”
“I think so. There are a number of jobs to choose from on Black Forest Farm. She’ll have a nice, safe life,” I reassured him.
“Good.” He swallowed hard, choking up. His eyes were on the sleeping beauty in the bed. His fingers were gripping the end of the hospital bed like it was a raft in rough seas. The man was a study in miserable.
“What are your plans? Are you going to stay with the FBI?”
“That was always the plan,” he agreed.
“And now?”
“Still the plan,” he insisted, but I didn’t think his heart was in it.
“A cop’s wife has a miserable life. Always wondering if the guy is going to come home. The long hours on the job. Family holidays disrupted. The constant and unrelenting challenges.” 
“I know.” There is was. Acceptance. He knew that he would be impacting Annette’s life in some really difficult ways. It didn’t change his feelings for her. He still wanted her. But he was willing to walk away from her to give her the life she deserved.
“A smart guy might figure out a way to minimize all that,” I said, tossing him a bone. “Maybe he’d ask for a transfer to the Albany office and start the romance out slow, while she healed.”
“Really?” There was that puppy dog hope in the eyes. Will really did care about my cousin.
“You might be able to get together once in a while to discuss the case, right? That would be legitimate.”
“Absolutely.”
“And since I got dragged into this mess, I could probably chaperone from time to time, if you two wanted to get to know each other better, especially if you managed that transfer.”
“It wouldn’t have to be Albany, you know. There’s Boston, Springfield, even the resident office in Burlington.” He was already working the possibilities. Suddenly, his career was less about the prestige and more about real life. He was willing to settle in as a career agent than a superstar. No executive service for Will. He was a man in love.
“You look tired. Did you want to get some sleep? I’d be happy to sit with her.” There was a plea in his eyes. I didn’t have the heart to shut him off cold turkey from his fix. “I’ll make sure she’s safe.”
“Sure. Maybe I’ll go back to Annette’s place for a bit.”
One of the FBI agents had handed me Annette’s dainty little purse when the ambulance arrived to take her to the emergency room. I had tucked it into my big hobo bag. Now I checked it for her house keys. The pair was tucked in a zippered pocket, building key and front door key. Holding them tightly, I went down to the hospital entrance. A security guard was stationed nearby.
“Any chance I can catch a cab at this time of night?”
“Sure,” she told me. “Let me get you the phone number.”
Twenty minutes later, I was dropped at the entrance of the building. I took the elevator up, let myself in, and groaned. My overnight bag was still in the parking lot at 1423, in Annette’s car. No toothbrush or clean underwear for me. I grabbed a seltzer from the fridge, helped myself to a dish of chocolate chip ice cream, and made my way back to the living room. Exhausted, I flopped on her sofa, flipped on the television, and gasped.
This just in. A series of explosions leveled a mansion in Greenwich, Connecticut just about forty minutes ago during a raid to apprehend a man wanted for murdering his own brother. Kyle Frist, who disappeared....
My fingers were already flying through my contacts list. I punched the call button.
“Will!” I said breathlessly, “have you heard?”
“I’m watching it now.”
“Does this mean....”
“No trial. I think so. Maybe.”
“Merry Christmas to you, buddy. Looks like Santa came early this year.”
“Yes, indeedy!” There was relief in that voice. Hansel and Gretel were out of the witch’s oven and soon would be leaving the gingerbread house. Let’s hope they could find their way out of the forest without running into more predators.
I watched the news a little longer, hoping to find out if Kyle survived the blasts. Ironic that he planned to blow up 1423 with his brother’s body in the Phase One building. That dismembered body would have been incinerated, along with my cousin. I wondered how Kyle had hoped to spin that. Would Kevin have been accused of the financial fraud? Would the reinvented Kyle have raked in the bucks as Blue Ridge Investments? We might never know now.
At six-thirty, I called Will to find out how Annette was and to tell him I was going to swing by 1423 to retrieve her car.
“Talk to Lorenzo. He’s the agent in charge on the ground. If he tries to impound the car as evidence, have him call me.”
I did as he suggested and by eight o’clock, I was walking into Nettie’s room, where the new physician was checking her chart.
“Are you a relative?” he wanted to know. I introduced myself. “Could you excuse us, Agent Jondahl?”
“He stays,” I insisted. “He’s practically a member of the family.”
The psychiatrist went over the short-term plan for Annette. I shared my intention for the long haul, of moving her to Black Forest Farm as soon as possible. He thought so much change in such a short time was a very bad idea. I explained that my cousin was all alone in the city, she had just found out her boss was a snake, and I had already spoken to the head of the psychiatric department at Fletcher-Allen Medical Center in Burlington about the transfer.
“Well, I’m not sure I can sign off on this,” he said, bristling. I read his name tag.
“You’re going to have to, Dr. Hissam. I’ve sent other PTSD patients to this team before with great success. Besides, my cousin spoke about moving to Vermont before all this hit the fan. At the moment, not only does she no longer have a job, the second suspect in the case was just blown to bits when he tried to prevent the FBI from arresting him.”
“Taking a patient out of her normal environment and expecting her to recover from trauma is....”
“It’s not a matter of getting back on the horse, Doc. The truth is ever since her husband passed away, nothing in her world has been the same. She needs to be around people who love her. It’s about letting Annette sort things out in a safe environment. It’s about letting her come to terms with the horrific crime she witnessed in her own way. The farm is a very healing place to be. She can be busy and productive. The therapy will help her put the events into perspective. More importantly, since this involves organized criminals, she will have security to protect her.”
“You seem very determined, Ms. Grimm.”
“Deputy Grimm. Latimer Falls Sheriff’s Department.”
“Oh. That explains a few things. When do you want me to release her?”
“Sooner, rather than later,” I announced. “I want her to start therapy with her new doctor as soon as possible, so they can establish a relationship.”
The older man bit his lip as he considered the situation. He checked the notes on his clipboard.
“I would like to speak to the psychiatrist first. Do you object to that?”
“Not a problem.” I gave him the doctor’s phone number. “Tell her I suggested you consult.”
The doctor left us to consult with his Vermont colleague. Will offered me the chair, standing at the foot of Annette’s bed as he stretched. His eyes were blurry and there were suitcase-sized bags under them. The man was completely wiped out, emotionally, mentally and physically.
“Thanks, Gabby, for arranging the transfer. I really would feel better if she was somewhere safer.”

Chapter Fifteen --

Safer? What was he talking about?
“Is Kyle Frist dead or not?” 
“Yup. They recovered the body and they’re doing the DNA to confirm it, but my boss says they’re pretty sure it’s him.”
“Does that mean there’s no trial?” I wondered.
“The Snuffman already made his deal to turn government witness in exchange for not getting the needle. His plea deal may be legally challenged, but he’s probably going to jail anyway. The Department of Justice would love to close this without forking out money for a trial.”
“What did you mean about Annette being ‘safer’?”
“Part of the reason she was so vulnerable to my...er, handling of her as a...potential informant was because she was so lonely.”
“Oh?” This came as news to me.
“When Paul was sick, she spent all her time taking care of him. She lost touch with her circle of friends. She had also recently changed jobs, so she was working with strangers, rather than her old friends from Harvey. And when her husband died, she was left in a new, unfamiliar life. She said the best thing that happened to her is when she went to visit the Grimms at Black Forest Farm.”
“We love her. She knows that.” I studied him. Something was still eating at him. He was worried. “And what about you?”
“I’ll be looking into my options,” he said quietly. “Right now, the question is what’s best for Annette.”
“True,” I agreed. “It’s going to take some time for her to feel safe again. She’s not exactly in the market for an instant romance, is she?”
“I’ll give her time, Gabby. It’s the least I can do, given that a lot of what happened was the result of my case spinning out of control.”
“It could have been a lot worse, Will. You got the gas shut off. I stopped the Snuffman. In the end, Annette survived. I just wish she hadn’t witnessed Kevin Frist’s murder.”
“You and me both.”
“What happened between the time I left here last night and now?” There was a little flicker of pain in those eyes. He seemed newly wounded.
“She cried in her sleep, Gabby. And when I tried to comfort her, she pulled away from me, like I was going to hurt her.”
“Oh. I wouldn’t take it personally, Will. It’s not you she’s scared of right now. Her mind is muddled. Dr. Hissam prescribed some powerful tranquilizers because she was in shock.”
“What if she never gets over this?” he wanted to know.
“Is that what you’re worried about? That she’s permanently scarred?” I shook my head and smiled at him. “You don’t know the Grimm family, my friend. We are tougher than we look. And we stick together. Nettie will be okay with time.”
“What if she’s not?”
“What if she is?” I countered. “What if you go ahead and get your ducks in a row? What if you commit yourself to working with us to help her, instead of worrying yourself sick that she can’t be helped? She’s going to have good care, Will. Either you’re part of the team or you’re not. What’s it going to be? Make a decision.”
“I’m in,” he sighed.
“You know, it’s not like you two don’t have an existing relationship. Maybe the FBI thinks you two are unacquainted, but the heart knows better, doesn’t it? Don’t pull away from her in her hour of need, Will. Be her friend. Be her cheerleader. But be there.”
“You don’t think that will add to her misery?”
“I think she’ll be more miserable if you take off.” It was true. I knew my cousin. After all, I had helped jumpstart her romance with Paul. I didn’t mind doing it a second time with Will. “Why don’t you let Annette decide what she wants?”
“What if she doesn’t want me?” There it was. The big question that haunted him.
“What if she does?” I countered. “If you book it out of here before she has the chance to send you away, you’ll never know. So, I suggest you ‘man up’ and stick around until you get your marching orders.”
Will left just after nine. His boss wanted him to follow up on some leads involving Kyle Frist. It turned out that the lovesick FBI agent was an accountant by training, with a specialty in white collar crime. Perfect, I decided. Those were the desk jockeys, a staple of FBI financial investigations, normally chained to the office and armed with a calculator. He would be too busy looking at the books and balancing the numbers to get himself shot by some thug in a dark alley. He might actually have a chance with Nettie after all.
At four o’clock in the afternoon, my cousin blinked her eyes groggily and groaned. I could see her struggling to remember.
“I’m right here, babe. You’re okay. Everything is okay. You’re safe.”
“Will...”
“Will what?”
“Will...you....”
“Do you want me to do something for you?”
“Blood...everywhere.”
“That’s all over,” I reassured her. “You’re in the hospital, Annette, and I’m with you.”
“Where is...Will?”
“He had to track down some information. The FBI got the bad guys, so Will had to go back to work.” I watched as a tear rolled down my cousin’s cheek. “Would you like to speak to him?”
“Mmm....” she nodded. I could tell the drugs left her dangling on the brink of conscious thought. With my Smartphone in hand, I dialed.
“Hey, it’s me, Gabby. You have a second?”
“Sure,” said the FBI agent, using his professional voice. “What’s up?”
“Annette is asking for you.”
“She is?” The professional demeanor slipped. The lovesick man was back. “Is she okay?”
“She cried when she found out you weren’t here.”
“Oh, damn. Tell her I’m really sorry. My boss insisted I go to Greenwich....”
“Tell her yourself. I’ll put her on. And, Will, just remember she’s doped up.”
“Right.”
Even as I held the phone up to Nettie’s ear, I saw her smile briefly. She managed a few words here and there. Will was speaking to her, reassuring her that it would all work out. He promised he would be there as soon as he could get away. I watched the eyes slowly close as she listened to his voice, drifting back to sleep. I put the phone to my ear, expecting to break in.
“Maybe around seven,” Will said. “Is that okay, Annette?”
“That’s fine, big guy,” I teased. “By the way, she’s sound asleep. Whatever you said to her made her happy.”
“When are you transferring her to Vermont?” I could hear the wisp of desperation in his voice. Now that he had re-established that thread between them and he had a chance to tie it up, he was already wishing she wasn’t leaving.
“Monday. By the way, we have a bed and breakfast up there. If you’re ever interested in a visit, it’s a great place. Lots of hiking, fishing -- all that good stuff.”
“Maybe we can talk about that when I get there.”
“Maybe we can,” I agreed.
In the days that followed, there was much discussion. Come Monday morning, with Annette’s Toyota Corolla packed with as many of her belongings as I could cram into its interior and trunk, I collected her at the hospital for the journey to Black Forest Farm. The long drive was uneventful. Most of the time, Nettie stared out the window, her mind still numbed on tranquilizers. She was greeted by the gang when we arrived at the farmhouse, welcomed as if she was coming home after a long absence. In some ways, that was true. You never really lose your family, even when time and distance seem to separate you. That’s because the love is always there, tucked away in the heart. And when the heart remembers to open the door, all things are possible.
The week started off well. Gerhard and Ervina insisted that she stay with them, at least until she regained her confidence. There was time enough down the road to discuss where she would set up house permanently. They were still getting ready for Christmas and there were gingerbread, pfeffernusse, and molded shortbread cookies everywhere. Slowly, but surely, Annette got back into the action. It started in the kitchen. Baking was a very healing thing for her. She threw herself into the effort, spending hours mixing, rolling, and cutting out cookies.
She also had therapy sessions every day for the first couple of weeks. We took turns driving her back and forth to her appointments, stopping for lunch along the way, giving her a chance to explore her new world.
I managed to track down Aunt Angelika and Uncle Tom on their extended cruise to South America. After reassuring them that everything was fine, I put their daughter on the phone for a very teary conversation on Wednesday. I also invited them to join us for Christmas. Gerhard promised to pick them up at Logan Airport after they arranged for a change in their flight home. The farmhouse was going to be packed to the rafters come Christmas Eve.
Will checked in daily, often about eight every night. I finally figured out that’s when he was alone in his apartment. Usually, the conversations lasted about ten minutes. Sometimes, he would call me after, to compare notes. He wanted to know how Annette was handling things. A week before Christmas, I’d had enough of the third degree.
“For heaven’s sake, why don’t you just get your fanny up here and find out for yourself?” I demanded.
“Oh, I can’t intrude on family time.”
“No? You’re just going to be a miserable bump on a log down there?”
“Her parents are coming. She hasn’t seen them in a really long time, Gabby.”
“So?”
“Besides, I have to work.”
“Liar,” I growled. “You could make it if you wanted to, Will.”
“We don’t even know if she wants to see me.”
“What if she does?” I asked. “Will you come?”
“It’s too soon,” he insisted. “She’s still healing.”
“Yes or no?” I pressed him.
“I can’t just invite myself, Gabby.”
“Yes or no?”
“Yes. But she has to want me to be there.” Even as I hung up on the dope, I was rolling my eyes. The guy really was slow on the uptake when it came to love.
I found Annette in the kitchen, packing cookies into decorative tins. “Ooh, pretty. Are those going to the gift shop?”
“They are,” she agreed, slapping a label on the rim of one, to officially seal it.
“Great. Say, Nettie,” I launched into my speech, “I was wondering....”
“About what?”
“What do you think about inviting Will up for a weekend? He could stay at the bed and breakfast.”
“That would be nice,” she agreed. Her eyes never looked up, so I knew it was better than nice.
“Or we could invite him for Christmas,” I played the next card in the “Go Fish” deck, hoping to hook her.
“He probably doesn’t want to spend his Christmas with us,” she said, turning away. “He’ll want to go see his family.”
“Maybe. Wouldn’t hurt to ask, would it?”
“Oh, I can’t do that,” she told me. “It wouldn’t be proper. After all, you’re the one who told me I don’t really have enough experience on the dating scene.”
Me and my big, fat mouth. I heaved a deep sigh. “How about if I find out whether or not he’s interested?”
“If you think that’s a good idea....”
It took me three more phone conversations with Will and two more with Nettie to get the arrangements made. It turned out that Will was actually from Pittsfield, Massachusetts, and his folks really did want to see him for Christmas. He finally decided to spend Christmas Eve and Christmas Day with them, and visit with the Grimm family afterwards. His boss agreed that it would be helpful if he finished his final report on the case by interviewing Annette in person, and since she wasn’t about to come to New York, it would be okay for him to extend his time off to go to Vermont. Ervina booked him a room at her farm, giving him a discount. We all figured that it was better to let him put his money where his mouth was. After all, he was coming as an FBI agent, wasn’t he? And with any luck, he would be coming back later as a man in love.
The day before Christmas started out normally enough. I ran the Quinlans’ labradoodle home after I found him wandering around on Larkspur Trail. Judy thanked me, saying that he started chasing a squirrel and forgot to come back. I took a trip to the elementary school for a school safety presentation. It was my lucky day. Earl got to wear the giant snowman suit over his uniform at the assembly in the cafeteria. We discussed ways to avoid accidents in snow and reminded the kids not to go sledding in the road. He had the kids screaming in the aisles with his goofy antics. Earl really is a big hambone.
Just after four, the Latimer Falls Sheriff’s Department dispatcher had a call about a stranger in the woods over at Latimer Lake. Marge informed me someone had peeked in Liz Klarsfeld’s window. I rushed over there, worried that it was residual blowback from the terrorist incident of last year. After greeting the mother of three, I followed her into the cabin, where Liz proceeded to show me the family Christmas tree. She didn’t seem all that worried about a possible intruder. I admired the hand-blown glass ornaments, the crystal candy canes, and the shiny glass balls. She offered me a cup of Christmas cocoa and some cookies, but I declined.
“Tell me about the incident,” I instructed her, getting out my little notebook. “What time did all this happen?”
“About half an hour ago. I saw a flash of red at the window and when I went to check, I saw the tracks in the snow, leading into the woods.”
“What else can you tell me?”
“The man was wearing a black jacket and a red Santa hat.”
“You saw him?”
“Sort of.”
“How tall?” I wondered.
“Hard to say. Maybe six feet. Are you sure you don’t want a cup of coffee or tea?”
“Positive,” I smiled. “I’ll just go take a look at those tracks, Liz.”
“Great,” she said, patting me on the shoulder with encouragement as I headed out the door. Maybe Liz had started early on the eggnog. I put my mind to finding the trail.
Sure enough, there was a set of size ten boot prints in the snow that seemed to come from the west shore of Latimer Lake, right up to that window, and then disappeared into the woods towards the east. I set out to follow the marks. I had gone about a hundred yards when my cell phone buzzed. It was the sheriff.
“What’s up?”
“Where are you?” Rufus asked me.
“In the woods by the Klarsfeld cabin, following a set of boot prints. We might have a Peeping Tom.”
“Well, why don’t you take off after you finish up there? Things are fairly quiet around here. I’ve got Biscuit on patrol tonight. He’ll call you if he needs back-up.”
“Thanks,” I said. “Merry Christmas.”
“Ho, ho, ho,” he replied, hanging up. My lucky night. The relatives were coming and I would be home in time to greet them. I just had to find the intruder quickly and hope I wouldn’t waste a lot of time booking him.
“Okay, pervert. Make me happy. Show yourself,” I muttered as I followed the tracks to the water’s edge. That’s when I saw what looked like a peppermint in a cellophane wrapper, lying on the snow bank in plain sight. Leaning down, I scooped it up in my glove. My eye caught sight of another, about six feet away. “So, you’re a candy freak.”
I found myself collecting peppermints as I went along the meandering route. The western sky turned orange and gold as the sun began to fade. Soon it would be dark. I wanted to kick myself for not bringing my flashlight with me. I decided that I would spend another five minutes on the case before calling it a night. Unless Marge had another complaint from a lake resident, it seemed likely it was just a winter wanderer, looking for shelter. Or a hunter who wanted to “borrow” someone’s cabin for the holiday. Maybe he thought the Klarsfeld cabin was unoccupied. I kept going. That’s when I spotted a giant lollipop sticking out of the snow.
“What the....” Maybe it was someone’s idea of a joke. High school kids “redecorating” for the holiday. The trail of candy led deeper into the woods and daylight was fast disappearing, but I was intrigued.
I came around a clump of shrubs and caught sight of a white glow that seemed to come from under the snow. Sure enough, as I got closer, I could see it was a solar-powered LED spotlight tucked into a hole. Then there was another, and another, going even deeper into the woods. Talk about strange. I felt like I had stumbled on Santa’s secret workshop. What was next? Elves making toys? Reindeer having a moon dance?
Further on, I could see a break in the tree line. The night air was brightly illuminated with twinkling lights. Giant snowflakes danced in the trees. The roof of a red tent glistened with colorful lights draped over the top. I noticed the path was marked by large candy cane poles. As I stood in front of the two-person tent, I noticed there was even a sign. Welcome to the North Pole. Wipe your feet.
“Wow, someone’s been busy,” I said aloud. I spied the marzipan Christmas pig amongst the twinkling lights. Those chocolate pralines had to be somewhere around here.
“You think so?” asked a seductive male voice behind me. A pair of familiar hands slipped around my waist and grabbed me tightly, before slipping into my jeans. I giggled as those hungry lips nuzzled my neck.
“Absolutely. What kind of nut job would set up a tent in the woods on one of the coldest nights of the year in Latimer Falls?”
“Are you saying you don’t like my winter wonderland, Deputy Grimm?” Sam Hogan whirled me around and wiggled an eyebrow before giving me a very enthusiastic kiss on the mouth. I returned the favor.
“On the contrary,” I laughed, coming up for air. “It’s adorable. Cold, but adorable.”
“Ah, perhaps you would like to join me inside Santa’s hideaway.” There was the black jacket and the red cap Liz had described, complete with a white brim and pompom.
“Is that what you would recommend?”
“Oh, definitely. I’ll introduce you to my down sleeping bag for two.”
“Will that keep me warm?” I wondered. Naughty Santa. He wasn’t going to be on his own Christmas list this year. Then again, we could use all that coal in his stocking to stay warm, couldn’t we?
“It will certainly help.” Those eager, mischievous hands were occupied, unzipping my jacket even as he backed me up towards the tent.
“You seem to have thought of everything, Mr. Claus. But what are we going to do about dinner? We’re likely to work up an appetite.”
“Not to worry. I brought got candy,” he grinned, “lots and lots of candy.”
“Ooh, Santa Baby! Merry Christmas to me!” I shouted with glee as I flung myself into that tent with wild abandon. “And a Happy New Year, too!”

Sara Barton is the author of the Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mysteries, the Off-the-Books Mysteries, the Bard’s Bed and Breakfast Mysteries, the Dance with Danger Mysteries, the Practical Caregiver Capers, the Bodacious Baby Boomer Escapades, and the new Scarlet Wilson Mysteries. The books are available through digital retailers such as Amazon, Apple, Barnes & Noble, B&T, Kobo Books, Smashwords, and Sony.

You can find her blogging about books at http://sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com
She Twitters as @bartonmysteries
Her Facebook fan page is sarabartonmysteries
Drop her an email: sarabartonmysteries@gmail.com
