FIRESTORM

"The Misadventures of Sarah Davies"

by

Ronnie Dauber



FIRESTORM

"The Misadventures of Sarah Davies"

by Ronnie Dauber

Copyright 2011 Ronnie Dauber

Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Ronnie Dauber at Smashwords.com.

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Fire Storm

Chapter 1
Above Suspicion

Hot tears slowly trickled down my face as I tried to hide from an unknown predator that had me trapped in a panic of fear. I punched at the blanket of heaviness that hovered over me and kicked at the hidden substance that threatened to paralyse my legs. I heard Meagan call my name and then suddenly something grabbed my arm and shook me forcefully. I screamed and jerked forward as her voice penetrated my ears.
“Sarah? Sarah, wake up. You’re dreaming.”
I opened my eyes and stared into the worried face of my cousin as she continued to ask me if I was all right.  The room was darkened by heavy pink drapes that covered the large bedroom window and allowed only select waves of morning air to filter through it. Meagan rubbed my arm gently and pulled away the long brown strands of hair that were wrapped around my face.
“Yeah, I was dreaming that something was chasing me and it was smothering me. There was a voice telling me how to escape but I couldn’t understand it. Really scary.”
“Well, what was chasing you?”
“I don’t know and now I can’t remember much except that it was smothering me.  Thanks for waking me up and getting me away from it.”
Meagan leaned back on the single bed that was right beside mine and grabbed her big green hairbrush from the adjoining night table. She listened to me as she pinned her long, curly auburn hair up on top of head and then smirked as she stood up and stretched. 
“Well, I’m glad you’re awake and not screaming any more. You were scaring me, too.”
“Sorry. This was one of those dreams that seemed really real, you know? Anyway, the details are fading away fast and I’m glad I didn’t get Nana and Grandpa up here.”
“I don’t think they heard you, Sarah. I mean, who can hear anything through that horrible country whining they’re listening to downstairs. We really have to work on getting them some better music when they move back home with us.”
Meagan laughed as she opened the drapes and leaned against the windowsill.
“It’s so beautiful here, Sarah, so peaceful and serene. I’m going to miss coming here for our summer holidays, but on the other hand, it’s going to be great having them live so close to us again.”
I massaged my face slowly and wiped the sleep from my eyes as I sauntered over to the window.
“I know. Their yard is so beautiful, so many colors and kinds of flowers and weird shaped bushes. This has been Nana’s pride and joy for years and their new yard is so small compared to this. But I’m sure it won’t be long until they’ve turned it into a little paradise, as well.”
Meagan sighed heavily as she watched several bright red cardinals feeding on the large tiffany bird feeder below.
“Yeah, well I just hope they don’t try to change our yards. They’re going to be living right across from both of us and my mom’s really happy, but she was telling my dad that they better not try to change her front garden. You know how stubborn Nana is and how her way is always the only way.”
We laughed and got dressed as we reminisced about our visits here over the years. It had always been the highlight of our summers to come to British Columbia and visit our grandparents, but this would be the last visit here. They were moving back home to Bearsfield, Idaho with us in a few weeks and we were heading into the next phase of our own lives. 
“Meg, I can hardly believe that we’re starting college next month and that this will be our last holiday here, not that this has really been a holiday so far. All we’ve done is pack and clean. But then there is tonight and that will change everything.”
Meagan stretched out her left arm and a wiggled her fingers to show off her small, purple amethyst ring.
“I know. The guys will be here tonight and it’s going to be great. Gees, a whole week without seeing or hearing from Ali and I miss him so much. You know, I really wish Nana and Grandpa had some form of communication here besides a phone that’s out of order because the little town transmitter is being repaired. How do they live like this?”
“They have each other, Meg, and they like the solitude – well, Grandpa does, anyway. Besides, they have friends from the church in town that they visit on Sundays and that’s all the company they really want. I know my dad is glad they’re moving back.”
Meagan picked up a brochure and giggled.
“Yeah, mine, too. Meanwhile, I can’t wait to get to Prembroke to go mountain gliding tomorrow. It’s going to be great.”
My insides tingled as she talked, not only because I loved mountain gliding, but because Brad was going to come and join us.
“Who’d have guessed that Brad and I would ever be together? Well, okay, he liked me all last year but it took me so long to realize that he was such a great guy. I really like him, you know, and I really like being with him.”
Meagan smiled as she threw the heavy pink comforter over her bed.
“I know. And you have no idea how glad I am that you finally stopped chasing football heroes and saw this guy who’s been madly in love with you all through high school. Okay, bed is done and I’m ready to have another fattening country breakfast and then get those boxes packed today. Can’t wait until we’re done.”
When I opened the bedroom door, we were greeted by the smell of fried bacon that filtered through the room and almost overpowered us as we stepped carefully down the narrow stairwell that led to the kitchen. We ambled passed the wooden door just as Nana was pouring Grandpa a cup of coffee and his face burst into a wide grin through his heavy grey beard.
“There’s my girls. Nana has our breakfast all ready for us and my friend, Don, will be here any second to join us.”
Meagan and I looked at each other inquisitively as we pulled out the heavy colonial chairs and sat at the round oak table.  She smiled at Grandpa as she filled her glass with orange juice.
“Who’s Don, Grandpa?”
“He’s my friend who lives about a mile up the way. We go fishing together every Saturday morning in the summer and today’s no different. We bring our catch home and clean them, and then I cook them on the barbeque outside. All these years and Nana has never come with us so it’s just always been a guy’s day out.”
Nana slapped the bacon onto Grandpa’s plate and growled at him under her breath.
“He’s a grumpy old man and he doesn’t like anyone. What do you see in that old geezer anyway?”
Grandpa smiled at us as he looked up at Nana.
“Now Martha, you know you like Don. Tell the girls the truth, it’s the boat you really don’t like.”
Nana glared at Grandpa and raised her voice, almost as if she was angry with him.
“I’m not going to miss that people hater when we move, not one bit. And you shouldn’t be listening to him and using that boat, either. It’s not safe and you know it. I don’t know why you’d rather listen to him than to me.”
Grandpa poured ketchup onto his plate as he winked at us.
“Boat’s fine, Martha. It has a little hole and we plugged it. Works fine. Heck, we’re leaving here in a couple of weeks and fixing it now would just be a waste of good money. Besides, I told Don he could have it so let him fix it.”
“Just like the old truck that sits rotting outside, Lucas. You said all it needs is a new battery and you’re too lazy and too cheap to put in a new one, so now we don’t even have a vehicle to get around in.”
“We’re moving, Martha, and I’m giving that to Don too, so he can fix the truck when he fixes the boat. Anyway, you don’t even know how to drive so what do you care?” 
Nana huffed at Grandpa as she brought the frying pan over to Meagan’s plate.
“I’ve never had an interest in driving and I’m too old to learn now.  Anyway, when we’re back in the city I’ll get a taxi when I want to go out.”
Grandpa looked over his shoulder to the kitchen window and waved his hand.
“I never liked that truck anyway, but my boat, well that’s a different thing.”
“That boat is going to be the death of you yet, Lucas Davies. It’s not safe and it makes me nervous when you go out in it.”
Grandpa shook his head as he bit into his fresh toast. I guess the worry on my face must have shown more than I realized and he stopped eating and leaned forward.
“It’s safe, girls. It’s got a tiny hole, nothing to worry about. I misjudged the rocks and one of them punctured it a bit, and I’ve used it a dozen times since then and it floats just the same as always.”
Meagan licked the bacon grease from her fingers and looked up at Grandpa.
“Why do you need a boat when the lake is right at the back of your property and you’ve got a dock? Can’t you just fish there? We used to when we were kids.”
“Nah, there aren’t any real fish this close. You have to go down stream a couple of miles to where they are. We don’t have a motor on our boat, so it’s a nice quiet trip, and me and Don have this really great spot set in a ways where we do well. It’s kind of out of the way and hidden so some of the other fishing neighbors don’t bother us there.”
While we were still talking, a thin, elderly gentleman tapped on the back door and peeked his head through as he greeted us with a big smile.
“Morning Davies family!”
“Hey, Don. Come on in and meet my girls from the big city.”
Don seemed like a friendly gentleman at first, but after a few minutes I could see how Nana thought he was not nice, just from his gestures and remarks.
“Well, I hope you girls aren’t like those other unmannered know-it-all young people that have an answer for everything. But then you’re from the city so I suspect you do things the same as everyone else there.”
Meagan and I smiled at each other and for Nana’s sake, neither of us responded to his remarks. We weren’t planning on spending any time with this man so it wasn’t worth the effort of starting an argument with him.
We continued eating our breakfast and listening to Grandpa and Don talk about their big catches from other Saturday expeditions.  We could see the excitement in Grandpa’s face and we knew he was enjoying his time fishing with Don. When breakfast was over, Meagan and I helped Nana clean up the kitchen, and then we brought in a pile of folded boxes from the back porch so we could get them ready to pack.
Don looked at us as he stuffed some of Nana’s sandwiches in Grandpa’s duffle bag.
“I’m taking these ‘cause your grandma makes the best tuna sandwiches in the world. Besides, I live alone and I don’t make food as good as I get here.”
Nana forced a smile at Don and then gave Grandpa a long hug.
“When will you be home today?”
“I don’t know, Martha, same as usual, around four. You’re not going to miss me with all the help you have here so there’s no point in me cutting my fishing time short.”
“But Lucas, it’s so hot and dry out there. Maybe you should come back early.”
Grandpa growled as he pulled on his boots.
“Gees Martha, you worry too much. We’re in a drought on land here but it’s not that dry where we’re going.  Last time I looked, the river was still wet.  I wouldn’t recommend anyone hiking in this weather, but fishing is no problem. The dry heat doesn’t bother us at all.”
Meagan and I took turns giving Grandpa a hug, but the second he touched me icy chills shot up my back and curled the hairs on the nape of my neck. For a split second I felt as if this was our final goodbye, but I shook it off as me just reacting like Nana and worrying about the hole in the boat. She tapped his shoulder and the feeling left me.
“Have you got the walkie-talkie, Lucas? You need to take it just in case.”
Grandpa huffed as he snatched one of the handsets from the kitchen counter.
“Yes, Martha. I’ll take it just to make you happy. Now stop worrying and have fun with our girls. I’ll see you at supper.”
Meagan and I walked with Grandpa and Don down to the lake where the small wooden boat was tied onto the dock. When I saw it I understood why Nana was worried, and so Meagan and I helped them bale out about six inches of water from the bottom before they could get in.
“Gees, Grandpa. This isn’t just a tiny hole. Are you sure you want to go out in this? I mean, do you really feel that safe in it?”
“Sarah, we do this all the time. And don’t forget I’m a good swimmer and so is Don so even if it did have problems, we can swim to land. Now, you two go back and help Nana finish packing up those last closets. And when I get back, I’ll meet those two knights in shining armour that you both keep talking about.”
We returned to the house and spent the next several hours packing up some closets that were filled with linens and boxes of Christmas decorations. By one o’clock a large grey van from the storage company arrived and it took the many boxes that we had packed over the last week.
Meagan collapsed onto a kitchen chair and drank a small bottle of water.
“Nana, I don’t understand why you’re sending all this to the storage unit. The moving van is coming here to get your furniture anyway.”
“I don’t know why either. Grandpa thinks it’s foolish but we have a lot of things we saved over the years and I don’t want to lose them. Besides, we’re having a big open house next weekend to sell most of the furniture because I want all new when we move.”
Just then the front door bell rang and both Meagan and I jumped up and shouted at the same time.
“It’s the guys!”
I raced her to the front door and when we opened it she dove into Ali’s arms and he turned in circles on the front doorstep as he held her tight.  Brad stood there with a big smile on his face as he opened his arms to me. I wasn’t quite as free as Meagan and our relationship was still in development, but I knew I didn’t want to miss this moment. I stepped up to Brad and put my arms around him and the alluring fragrance of amber and musk filled my nostrils as a warm, loving sensation flooded my body.
I knew Brad was the love of my life, and I loved being with him. It’s just that he still made me nervous because we’d only been together since the last hike at Snake River.  I had a mad crush all year on our school’s football icon while Brad had spent the entire year trying to get my attention. It wasn’t until he helped me through the horrors of that hike that I realized what a wonderful and caring guy he really is. We spent a lot of time together in the weeks that followed, right up until last week when Meagan and I came here. And that’s when I really knew how much I cared for him.
We introduced the guys to Nana and then sat around the kitchen table telling her all about the horrific experience with the mudslide. It was a wonderful hour that we shared with Nana and she made the guys feel very welcomed.  But when the clock struck four o’clock she became edgy that Grandpa wasn’t back yet.
“Well, I’m sure he’ll be along shortly. He’s probably just taking his time today because he knows you’re here to keep me company.”
Then around 4:30 there was a loud crackling from the walkie-talkie on the kitchen counter. Nana grabbed it right away.
“Lucas? Lucas, is that you?”
There was more crackling and then a few seconds later his voice came through but it was breaking up and hard to understand. Nana shoved the handset into my hand.
“What’s he saying? Sarah, you talk to him.”
A second later we heard Grandpa again.
“Ole… boat… king…elf bite…leeding.”
Nana gasped loudly as she put her hand over her mouth.
“Oh no, something about the hole in the boat.”
A second later there was more crackling and then it went dead.
“Grandpa? Grandpa?”
My insides became jittery as I turned to Meagan.
“What do you think he means?”
“I’m not sure. Let’s go outside.”
She opened the back door and we ran down the back yard towards the lake, while Ali caught up with us and Brad walked with Nana. When we got to the water, everything was so quiet. No birds chirped. Nothing moved.
Then suddenly, I jumped as a loud shrill from hundreds of birds broke the silence and burst through the forest in the skies above, and flew off into the unknown behind us. Squirrels were jumping from the trees and running frantically past the house in the same direction as the birds. The grass path was flooded with big and little ground critters and they ran frantically in mixed groups towards the front of the house.
Nana screamed and held her hands over her mouth.
“I knew it. I knew it. That stupid boat. They’re probably yelling for help and scaring all the animals.” 
Suddenly, the hairs on the nape of my neck tingled and sent a spike of fear up and down my spine. It was the same icy chills that I felt when I hugged Grandpa, and the same fear that hovered over me in my dream.



Chapter 2
Lost

Nana began to cry uncontrollably into her apron as she repeated over and over that she knew this would happen. Meagan put her arms around her and kept telling her that everything would be all right, but I could tell by the stressed look on her face that even Meagan was struggling to believe her own words.
The guys ran ahead to the dock and were talking between themselves for a couple of minutes as Meagan and I tried to keep Nana calm. A few minutes later they ran back to where we were standing on the back lawn and Ali shook his head.
“The river turns to the right just over there and becomes really wide. We have no idea how far up the river they are and with so much brush all around, it’s going to be impossible to get over there without a boat. All we can do is to run the river bank and hope we spot them from this side – if they’re on this side.”
Brad agreed and pointed to the house.
“Why don’t we just call for help? Someone around here must have a boat that we can borrow or maybe they even know where they are.”
Nana pushed Meagan away and talked in between the tears.
“Our phones aren’t working and all I have is this walkie-talkie. You have to go. Please, girls. You’re hikers, you can find him.”
Ali interrupted and pointed to the house.
“Mrs. Davies, we can use my cell phone to call for help.”
“Anyone I know will be at the fair today and they don’t carry portable phones like that and we can’t wait for them to get home. You have to go in and look for Grandpa now while it’s still light.”
Nana had no idea how intimidating these trails were for us. Meagan and I had ventured out a bit each time we visited, but we’d never gone beyond the first mile or so and we really didn’t know where the trails went or what kind of challenges they carried. And what’s worse, we had no idea where Grandpa and Don might be. But Nana stared at me expecting me to say something.
“Nana, we can go along the trail over there, but it’s going to take us a while and I’m not sure if……”
Suddenly, another flock of birds came screeching from the forest and flew behind us. Ali looked at Brad and then at us and we all just nodded. I pulled on Meagan’s arm and pulled her towards the house.
“Come on, Meg. Let’s get our hiking boots on and at least try to find them.”
They guys ran with Nana who followed us as quickly as any elderly and stoutly woman could, and by the time she got to the house Meagan and I had already scooted upstairs and changed into our blue jean shorts and t-shirts and had grabbed some clean socks.  We were by the back door pulling on our socks when she opened the back door and stared at us with a very annoyed look.
“Oh, girls, this is not the time to be fashionable. You didn’t need to waste time changing your clothes, you could just go the way you were.”
I understood her frustration but I also knew that she’d never gone hiking into the woods and had no idea what it was like.
“Nana, the paths are stony and rocky and it’s uneven. We can’t run in sandals, okay? We need our boots so we can move fast.”
Brad looked around the kitchen and asked Nana if she had a first aid kit that he could carry it in his backpack just in case we needed it.
“Yeah, there’s a box of band aids and some rubbing alcohol. Here’s an elastic wrap from when Grandpa hurt his knee. Oh, and here’s a small box of tissues. There’s blankets in the hall there in that box.”
Ali and Brad instinctively dumped their personal things out of their backpacks onto the couch and then Ali put the first aid supplies and some bottles of water into his, and Brad stuffed two blankets into his. Brad told her to stay by the walkie-talkie and then the second the last boot was laced we hugged Nana, said goodbye and took off into the forest.
Ali studied his compass as we walked the first steps along the path.
“Okay, your Nana said that he went this way which is north so we want to go this way. And Sarah, you said that it was about two or three miles in, right?”
Meagan and I were running behind the guys.
“Well, that’s what Grandpa said, that it was two or three miles this way. But Meg and I have never been there so we don’t know exactly where it is.”
We trekked at a decent pace up and down the hilly trail and about twenty minutes later we came to a fork in the path. Ali used his compass and pointed in the direction that we should go.
“Okay, the trail on the right takes us in the direction of the water which is down there on the right, but we can’t see if it actually runs along the water edge or if it stays up here and away from it.  I think we’re going to need to cut through all that mass of broken dead trees and just get down to the river bank.”
Brad ran ahead on the trail and came back a minute later waving for us to follow him.
“I think this trail takes us deep into the forest and possibly even away from the water, but it also runs along the terrain. So maybe we should take it until we can get to a point where we can cut through the dry terrain and get to the water.”
We all agreed and hustled along the path until we got to the dry terrain where the heat waves just bounced off the dead grass and made it difficult to breathe. We crossed the terrain of dry grass and rocks and we were all dripping in sweat by the time we got to the far side. After climbing a short stony ramp we looked down and could see the water about fifty feet below us. I looked carefully and I could feel my chest tightening.
“There’s no path. This just drops right into the water.”
Brad ran up a short hill to the left of us and then yelled for us to follow, so we scooted up the uneven hill to join him. We followed him through a mass of broken trees that looked as if a huge boulder had just crushed them. Ali wiped the sweat from his forehead as we ran along.
“Looks like a lot of this brush just dried up. I don’t think I’ve ever hiked where it’s been so hot and dry before.”
We stopped a few minutes later and Brad told us that we’d been trekking for about an hour.
“We have to be getting close to them. The river’s down there and according to my watch, we’ve reached the two mile point already, so I think we’re going to need to get close to the water somehow. What do you think?”
I found it hard thinking about where we were going because the icy chills were shooting up and down my back again, and all I could think of was that Grandpa was in some kind of real danger.
“Meg, something’s really wrong. I can feel it.”
“I know, Sarah, I know. I’m scared, too, but we have to find them before it gets dark.”
Ali turned back to look at Meagan with a puzzled look on his face.
“So when does it start getting dark around here?”
Meagan and I looked at each and I could feel myself biting my lower lip again. We knew that it always got darker in the forest first, and that’s when the real fear of disaster began to creep up my spine.
“Usually around eight, right Meg? But that’s in the house. By eight it’ll be black in here.”
We found a narrow pathway that led down towards the water and Meagan and I yelled for Grandpa and Don in between pants as we climbed down. There was no answer. We even stopped at one point just to listen for any kind of response, but there wasn’t any that we could hear.
Ali moved ahead of us and then stopped to stare at the water with his hand over his sunglasses like a visor.
“Do you see that? It kind of looks like an inlet way over there. You said that your Grandfather said it was a quiet place out of the way. So what do you think? Should we try to get over there? It’ll take us about half an hour.”
A few seconds later we were standing beside Ali and trying to block out the sharp rays of the sun as we focused on the tiny inlet on the far side of the river. There was no direct path down to the water and no visible way of crossing it to get there. That’s when Meagan grabbed my arm and gasped.
“Sarah, we have been this far before when we were little. Remember when Grandpa took us along the trail when we were little and we crossed a sway bridge?”
Meagan was pointing up the path and I was focussing on a sway bridge that I’d seen years ago.
“Yeah, I remember the bridge now that you mentioned it, and I remember crossing it, but I don’t remember this surrounding. Sorry. It was years when we were here, Meg.”
Ali stared at the inlet and then looked at the trail in the direction we were heading.
“Maybe we should just keep going along for a bit. If there is a bridge it’ll be up there somewhere. It’s not going to be right here where the river is so wide.”
We agreed and continued along the shaded, stony trail that eventually ran beside a very long and terrain of dry grass and dead trees. My legs were beginning to ache slightly from all the fast moving and my insides were jumping all around with worry for Grandpa.
We kept trekking for the next half hour or so and nothing struck either Meagan or I with any familiarity until Brad read a sign posted on a huge oak tree.
“Cypress Outlook one mile ahead.”
I heard myself gasp aloud as Meg shouted hurray.
“I remember this sign, too.”
Brad was concerned over finding Grandpa and he and Ali were both totally focused on the search almost as he was their own grandfather. Yet, Brad had a way of letting me know that no matter what priority thing he was doing, my thoughts and feelings were always important. He motioned for Ali to walk with Meagan and he picked up the pace beside me.
He took hold of my arm and stopped walking for a second.
“We’re going to find your grandfather, Sarah. I don’t care what it takes, but I won’t stop until we’ve found him.”
I stared into Brad’s deep brown eyes and his passion was genuine and it almost melted my heart. I wiped away the tears that I’d been trying to hide and he cupped my face gently with his hands.
“We’ll find him and get him home safely, I promise. But you’re not going to make me have to rescue you on a bridge again, are you?”
He had a sense of humor and knew just when to say the right thing to break the tension. I smiled at him even though my insides churned like a meat grinder.  He took hold of my hand and looked ahead to where Ali and Meagan were.
“Coming?”
When we reached the lookout point we were all exhausted from running in the unbearable dry heat, and we were relieved when we saw the water pump that stood so boldly a few feet away from the benches. After a short refreshing splash of cold water, Meagan began to shout with excitement.
“This is it. This is it. We are really close to the bridge. Remember, Sarah? Remember when Grandpa took us down that path there and you saw that snake and woke the whole forest?”
I looked where she pointed and my chest pounded with excitement. I remembered falling and screaming and I remembered that the bridge was only a few minutes away. The guys grabbed their backpacks and we headed down the narrow, treed path. A few minutes later we were at the sway bridge and my insides jumped with excitement.
We surveyed our surroundings for a second and then Brad grabbed my hand.
“Okay, I’ll go first and if Sarah gets on right behind me this time, maybe I won’t have to go looking for her.”
Ali moved his cap back and forth and then rubbed Meagan’s arm.
“Sounds good, and then Meg will go next and I’ll follow. Okay, let’s go.”
Crossing the bridge was a lot easier than I remembered. It was about a hundred feet long and made of solid metal with a steel mesh floor and sides, unlike the rope bridge at Snake River where I was trapped by mud and almost fell through the broken planks. The water was about fifty feet below us and we were across in seconds.
When we got to the other side, we jumped onto a trail that ran along the water’s edge. Brad yelled as he pointed to the inlet.
“Look, there it is. We can get to it along this trail, if you can call it that – more like a sporadic path worn down by an animal.”
Brad led the way and we followed him as we neared the opening to the inlet. It wasn’t an easy path to travel along since it was very narrow and ran close to the edge. Several times I slipped and almost fell down into the water, so I had to slow down to keep my balance.
As the view of the inlet became clearer, we all slowed down and searched for any clues of Grandpa or his boat. There was nothing by the shore on the far side except for a lot of trees and bushes so we agreed to continue on until we were close enough to see everything clearly. 
It was at least half an hour before we were able to get to the side where we thought we might find Grandpa, but once we were there we couldn’t see anything that would make us think we were even in the right place. By then my chest was pounding with anticipation and aching from finding nothing.
“Ali, is this the location that you anticipated with your compass?”
“Well, all things considered, this would seem to be a logical place to find them, but we have to remember that maybe they didn’t even get this far this time. His boat may have given him problems long before he made it here or when he was leaving and got out there somewhere.”
Ali’s words pierced my ears with a suggestion that I’d never even thought of before. Perhaps the boat did begin to sink way up stream and we missed it completely.  But Grandpa said he was used to the boat and never had problems he couldn’t handle.
“Geez, now we have to think like Grandpa would think. I wish we could know if this was where he was fishing. It would make things easier for us to track.”
Ali dropped his backpack and hit Brad in the arm.
“Come on, let’s check it out. You girls look around here for any clues and we’ll run over there to that far side. Be back in bit.”
The guys took off and disappeared behind some brush while Meagan and searched the grounds and the water for some hint that Grandpa had been here.
“Sarah, let’s get their backpacks and follow the guys. There’s nothing here and there’s no sense in them running all the way back.”
We each flung a backpack on our backs and combed the water and the ground with our eyes as we walked along slowly. Just as I was feeling totally unsuccessful, I spotted something on the ground about twenty feet ahead of us.
“Meg, what’s that?”
“What? What are you looking at? I don’t see anything.”
“That baggie over there. Do you see it? Maybe it’s theirs.”
I ran ahead of Meagan and squatted down to look at the plastic bag.
“It looks almost new, not like it’s been here for days or anything.”
Meagan picked it up and sniffed the open side. Her eyes lit up and she squealed.
“Tuna.  Nana’s tuna sandwiches. They were here. They ate their sandwiches and dropped the baggie on the ground.”
I felt giddy inside knowing that we were a step closer, but as I looked up at the guys, they had stopped running and were staring into the forest. We ran along the path around the inlet and a few minutes later we had caught up with them and showed them the baggie that we’d found.
Brad looked at the bag and then nodded to Ali.
“Okay, so this is a good sign. We know they were here and if what your grandfather said is right, then they would have left here around 3:30 or so to be home for four, and we know they called for help around 4:30. So, that means that they didn’t get too far before they ran into problems.”
Ali took the backpack off of Meagan’s back and threw it on his own back and Brad did the same and within seconds we were back on the brush trail that ran along the water’s edge.  Several minutes later I tripped and fell and everyone stopped running when I yelped out loud.
Brad had been running ahead with Ali and came back to brush the dirt of my scratched leg.
“Looks a little sore but I think you’ll make it. Can you stand on it?”
I stood up and swallowed hard as the sting of the scratch began to grow with the dirt and sweat that was dripping into it.
“Yeah, I’m okay. Let’s find Grandpa and I’ll cry about this later.”
Brad rubbed my arm.
“That’s my girl.”
]I took a deep breath and turned to continue along the path behind Ali when Meagan screamed so sharply that it shot spikes of fear up my back. She was ghostly white and shaking as the tears poured out of her eyes.
I turned to see what she was pointing at and my breath caught in my chest.  About twenty feet in the water and lodged upside down in a maze of brush was Grandpa’s boat.



Chapter 3
The Cave

I gasped for air and held onto Meagan’s arm for support as I stared at the half-sunken boat. Spikes of fear shot up and down my back as waves of paranoia flooded my entire body.  I couldn’t move. Flashbacks of earlier summers with Meagan and I on that boat with Grandpa suddenly filled my thoughts and my eyes welled up.
I remembered the first time Grandpa took us on the boat. We sat out in the middle of the lake and I was so nervous and terrified that we were going to sink that I kept crying. I remember Grandpa laughing and then speaking with his quiet, gentle voice as he promised us that we were safe. At the time it seemed as if we were so far away, but it was really only about twenty yards from the end of the dock by their home.
He bought us each our own fishing rod and then showed us how to hook these horribly fat worms so that we could fish in the boat beside him. Nana had just painted our fingernails with bright red nail polish and Meagan was upset that the worms would ruin her nails. I didn’t care so I watched Grandpa carefully and stuck my hands right in the worm bucket so that I could get my own worm and hook it on. I wanted to be as perfect as Grandpa so that I could catch a big fish just like him.
Grandpa always strapped the safety jackets unto us right after Nana had covered us with greasy layers of sunscreen lotion. She never came on the boat with us and missed out on lots of laughter as we sat for hours just waiting for a hungry fish to come and bite onto our lines.
Meagan and I usually only caught a few things like pop cans and snails, but Grandpa always managed to catch some hefty sized fish and then toss them into a huge metal bucket that sat in the middle of the boat. When we were finished he’d bring the boat back to the dock and he would hold his fish high in the air so proudly as we walked from the dock to the house.
We’d watch Grandpa gut and clean the fish, and then throw them in a huge cast iron pan and fry them on the barbeque outside. I could never bring myself to eat them, especially after seeing their eyes and knowing that they used to be alive, so Nana would always have a peanut butter sandwich waiting just for me. We’d sit outside and laugh and fill Nana in on the day’s events. Every summer was the same and yet each one was an adventure of its own that I waited for.
I stared at the capsized boat through blurry eyes and tried to focus on the voice that was yelling beside me.
“Sarah, come on! We have to follow the guys. Come on!”
I looked at Meagan and I could feel her tugging on my arm as she was yelling at me, but it was as if my thoughts were moving in slow motion while trying to speed ahead to the present moment. But as my eyes rested on the boat once more, I was quickly brought back to the crisis at hand.
Meagan was still pulling on my arm and she had fear written all over face. I realized that I had drifted back in time and I apologized to her for it and then began to move slowly with my rubbery legs.
“That’s okay, Sarah. But we have to hurry. The guys are down there already. Come on.”
We made our way through the weeds and dried shrubbery to the water where the guys had stopped to yell for Grandpa and Don. Meagan and I joined in and called for them, as well, but there was no answer.
Seconds later, Brad threw his backpack on the ground and pulled his boots off.
“Come on, Ali. Get the rope ready, I’m going in.”
Brad tied one end of the rope around his waist and then climbed down into the water and swam out to where the boat was lodged. He quickly disappeared just in front of it and Meagan and I watched from the edge as we continued anxiously to call out for Grandpa. Ali held on to the other end of the rope and stood on the edge, ready to pull Brad back when he surfaced.
My heart pounded in anticipation as we waited anxiously and watched the bubbles in the water. About half a minute later, Brad came back and yelled something to Ali. Meagan and I edged down closer to listen.
“Nothing. There’s no one here.”
Brad swam back to the bank and Ali helped him out of the water. He pulled off his t-shirt and wrung it out as he talked.
“There’s a huge hole on the bottom – like, I mean huge - but they’re gone. They must have hit something and bailed before it sank.”
Meagan and I hugged each other with joy when Brad said that because it meant they were still alive. Ali looked around with his hands on his hips while Brad pulled his socks and boots back on.
“Well, they’re both old so how far can two old men go after sinking their boat and swimming to safety? They called for help shortly after they set out so my guess is that they called from the boat, grabbed their stuff and swam to shore. So they can’t be that far away. Maybe up there towards that clearing?”
As Meagan and I looked in the direction that Ali was pointing, I saw the red sunset spread majestically across the sky and my heart thumped inside my chest.
“It’s going to be dark soon. That sunset will only last another half hour or so and it’ll start getting dark. We have to hurry.”
We all began shouting for Grandpa and Don as loudly as we could. I knew that they had to be somewhere ahead of us and we quickly edged our way along the path on the bank towards the clearing. But when we got to where we thought they might be, there was no one.
Ali took off his sunglasses and wiped his face with his hand.
“Okay, let’s think like an old man. You can’t run up these paths so you walk slowly, which means we should be able to catch up to them. Would they be carrying anything or would they leave their things behind?”
Meagan and I looked at each other and she raised her eyebrows as she shrugged.
“Grandpa wouldn’t leave anything behind. He’s probably lugging his catch, his tackle case and his duffle bag.”
Brad was focusing on a little area to the west of us but turned to Ali when Meagan finished talking.
“Well actually, there was something that looked like a duffle bag caught under the boat but I didn’t see any tackle gear or anything. It likely sank.”
Brad turned away again and Ali moved in closer to see what he was looking at.
“Geez, Ali, it’s so hot out here and I can’t picture two old men moving that fast in this heat, even though they were probably cooled down a bit from the water initially.”
“Yeah, I know. And the heat has dried up any wet marks so we can’t even see where they came up out of the water. And I assume they came out because his message said something about a hole in the boat and that’s likely why his message was short and choppy – they were in a hurry to get out of it.”
“For sure – they’d be scrambling to get the heck out of there.”
Ali motioned for us to follow as he and Brad led the way with Meagan and I right behind them. The trail was unusually quiet and then suddenly, a rupture of birds came screeching above us as they flew over and away from the forest. There were hundreds of them forming a massive dark cloud above us that made Meagan and I both jump.
“Wow, that happened this morning, too. Remember, Meg? We were seeing Grandpa off when the birds did the same thing.”
Meagan looked up as she yelled over her shoulder.
“And there were so many animals, too, like deer and ground critters. It was like they were running for safety or something.”
We continued along the narrow path and talked about the outburst from the wildlife as we ran. When we caught up to the guys Meagan moved in close to Ali while Brad grabbed my hand and we edged closely along the riverbank.
“I’ve seen that before, Sarah. Usually means there’s something wrong like a 
hunter in the forest or something. The sound of gunfire scares them enough to stampede out like that, although I didn’t hear a gun shot.”
As we climbed the weedy slope, Ali signalled for us to be quiet.
“Listen! Do you hear that?”
We all froze in our tracks as our eyes scouted the area in every direction. I held 
my breath and waited and then I heard it.
“Yeah, I hear it. It’s whimpering and it’s coming from over there.”
We edged our way back down towards the riverbank and my insides jumped
when I saw Don laying facedown with his feet dangling in the water. The guys ran ahead of us and squatted to speak to him without moving him.
“Don. I’m Ali. Are you okay? Are you hurt?”
Don began moaning loudly and then he lifted his head off the ground slightly to 
look at Ali.
“I’m okay, just sore. Really sore.”
“Don, can we move you? We need to move you away from the water.”
“Yeah, don’t touch my hands. They’re sore.”
Ali and Brad gently pulled Don forward and then rolled him onto his back. A few seconds later they helped him to sit up and Don held his hands in front of him. His face was etched with agony and I felt sorry for him as he stared at his cut and bloodied hands. I leaned in to him and tapped his shoulder.
“Don, where’s Grandpa?”
Don didn’t answer me. He just kept turning his hands and complaining that they hurt. I moved in closer to him and sat beside him.
“Don, where’s my grandfather?”
“They hurt, that’s what happened.”
The tension was rising inside me and I had to contain myself from getting angry with him.
“How did you hurt them?”
Don lifted his arm to show us a cut that stretched from his wrist to his elbow and then shook his head as brought his knees up to his chest.
“Can’t explain it. The animals went crazy. We finished fishing and Luke drank his usual gallon of water and had to go, you know. Well, he has to do it on land so we brought the boat close to the bank and he climbs out.”
Don’s methodical words were making my insides churn. He seemed to take forever to just tell us what happened and I just wanted him to get to the part where he’d tell us where Grandpa was. Both Meagan and I were restless and hung on his every word but my impatience grew and I cut him off.
“Don, where’s my grandfather?”
Don looked up at me and shook his head.
“You city kids, you’re all alike. You have no respect for anyone except yourself. I’m trying to tell you what happened but you’re rude and don’t even care that I’m hurt. Look at my hands! They’re bleeding. I’m trying to tell you what happened. Why won’t you let me talk?”
For a split second I felt like a child being chastised by an adult for doing something wrong, and I jerked backward out of reflex as I instinctively bit my lower lip. But my insides were aching and I needed to know where Grandpa was. Ali stayed beside me while I tried to get Don to tell us where Grandpa was or even what happened. Meagan and Brad wandered around and called out for Grandpa as they searched the nearby area.
“Look, Don. I’m sorry if I appear rude. I just want to know where Grandpa is.”
“I’m telling you where he is. There were two wolves – well, first I had to wait for him to finish and then when he was walking back to the boat, two wolves chased him right off the bank.”
My heart fell to my feet and my hands became clammy.
“What happened? Did they hurt him?”
“Yup, got his leg. But he was okay, dove into the water and pushed the boat out but it hit one of the sharp rocks and made that hole even bigger. I told him to be careful but he was really scared of those wolves.”
Ali rubbed Don’s shoulder as he looked around.
“And that’s when it sank.”
“Yup, that’s when she started to sink. Luke was in the water and he grabbed the walkie-talkie to call for help but it didn’t work and we had to get out so I dove in after him.”
“Don, where are the wolves now?”
“The wolves? Oh, they took off with the rest of the pack. They were all running, never seen them run like that before. They were scared of something before they saw us and I think Luke just got in their way. But he just had to go, couldn’t wait to get home.”
Just then Brad and Meagan came running back to us and Brad squatted beside Ali.
“There’s a blood trail that leads over there. We gotta grab Don and get going in that direction.”
I saw the anxiousness in Meagan’s face and my chest pounded with the same anxiety, but Don’s words were echoing in my ears.
“What about the wolves? What if they come back? I mean, if Grandpa is bleeding, won’t they smell the blood and come back?”
Ali turned to me and raised his eyebrows.
“That’s not even an issue, Sarah. We have to find your grandfather and we’ll just have to take it one step at a time. Let’s just get to him first.”
Brad and Ali helped Don to his feet and practically carried him up the riverbank to the ridge above us. There were sporadic drops of blood that we followed but when we got to the top, they disappeared. The guys helped Don to sit on a broken tree stump while we searched the area for more clues.
We spent several minutes searching every possible nook and cranny where Grandpa might have gone, but there weren’t even any blood spots to show that he’d been there. Don began to moan as he looked up at the descending sunset.
“It’s going to be dark soon and we don’t have any way back home. We’re going to have to camp out here for the night.”
His words echoed in my ears and as I looked at the sky and realized that dusk really was setting in, I began to ache for Grandpa.
“We have to keep looking for him and then we’ll camp out together if we have to, but we have to find him first.”
Just then Brad yelled from a small cave about fifty feet away. Ali told Meagan and me to stay with Don while he checked it out, and I didn’t want to wait. I wanted to go and find Grandpa but I knew he was right. We couldn’t just leave Don alone, especially when he seemed a bit insecure, and I knew if we left him that he’d just wonder off and get lost.
The next few minutes felt like hours as I watched anxiously in the direction of the cave. Ali came barrelling back towards us and stopped just short of running off the riverbank.
“Okay, we’ve found your Grandfather. He’s in the cave but he’s been bitten and he’s bleeding bad and we need to get him out of here now.”
Part of me wanted to shout with joy but the other part wanted to break down and cry. Ali lifted Don’s good arm and propped him up with his right shoulder and I did the same to his left shoulder. Meagan walked ahead of us looking back constantly. A few minutes later we were at the top and in the cave.
I helped Ali to sit Don as gently as we could onto the ground so he could lean against the cave wall, but my eyes were on the back of Meagan. I scurried over to where she was squatted and as I gazed upon my grandfather, I felt as if I’d been punched in the chest.
He was awake and cognisant but he was in pain as his right leg had a huge bite in it with torn skin and blood was dripping from it. Meagan pulled the first aid box out of the backpack and poured some rubbing alcohol over the wound. Grandpa yelped and cursed at the same time as Brad wrapped his arms around Grandpa’s chest to hold him still.
For the next few minutes Meagan and I tried to clean the wound but it was just too open and gory to do it any good. We wound the gauze tightly around it to stop the bleeding and keep the skin in place, and then turned to see what the guys were doing. Ali was digging through his backpack.
“Okay, Brad, did you bring your cell? Seems like mine fell out when I dumped my bag back at the house.”
Brad searched his backpack and shook his head.
“Same here. But hey, what about the walkie-talkie?”
Ali asked Don where the walkie-talkie was and Don flung his hand in the air and said he threw it in the water.”
“It didn’t work so why keep it?”
“Well, that’s great. We can’t call for help and there’s no way we’re going to get these guys out of here before it gets dark which is like, in minutes from now. Looks like we’ll be spending the night here.”
Ali sat on a short boulder beside Meagan and huffed.
“Brad’s right. We need a boat to get across the river and even if we had one, we can’t see a thing in the dark, anyway.”
Just then Don began to whine.
“I don’t want to stay here. I want to go home.”
Grandpa hadn’t said anything and was just watching us while he rubbed his wounded leg. I curled in beside him and he put his arm around me, giving me a bit of security, but I knew that he was in more pain than he was letting on. It was as if he read my mind and then squeezed my arm.
“I’m okay, Sarah. The one guy got me but I gave them our catch and they took them and ran off. I was hurt way worse than this in the war.”
I smiled at Grandpa and then remembered that he’d never met Brad and Ali so I introduced them and I could tell by the gleam in his eyes that he liked them.
“Thanks for coming out here with my girls, fellas. Looks like we’re here for the night so you might as well make yourself as comfortable as you can. Nana will be insane by now with worry, but there’s not much we can do about that right now.”
Poor Nana. I’d forgotten that she must be sick with worry. But again, Grandpa was reading my thoughts.
“She’ll be fine. This isn’t the first time that I got lost out here. We’ve been through this a few times and she’ll be okay.”
We sat inside the small cave and made a campfire on the rocky floor in the middle to keep us warm from the cool damp air that lingered inside the cave. The smoke went straight up and through an opening above us and as the sun went down, so did the temperature. Brad and Ali had gathered a pile of heavy branches and logs to block off the entrance and keep strange animals out during the night. They found two short branches that looked almost like baseball bats to use as a weapon in case we got unwanted guests.
 Brad took the blankets out from his backpack and curled in beside me so that we were all covered, and Ali squeezed in beside Don with Meagan on his other side and spread the other blanket over them.
I held on to Grandpa’s arm but I couldn’t stop shaking. I’m not sure if it was from the cool night air or from the anxiety of being lost in a forest we didn’t know, surrounded by wolves that might be lurking outside the cave, or if it was from knowing that Grandpa was in pain. The only peace I had was in knowing that Brad was there with me.
But the goose bumps crawled slyly up my arms anyway and the shivers kissed the nape of my neck. I knew that there was something waiting for us up ahead and that my nightmare was only just beginning.



Chapter 4
Stubborn

Grandpa kept me awake for half of the night with his groaning from the pain that was rippling through his leg, and the other half of the night I spent in fear, worrying that the wolves would come in. In fact, no one slept well as the guys took turns being on watch just in case we had unwanted visitors during the night.
I was thankful when the sun came up and shone brightly outside the cave because the darkness of the night had kept me trembling in fear. We needed to check Grandpa’s wound and since it was still dark inside, Meagan turned the lantern on and held it over his leg. I unwound the bandage on his wound and gasped when I saw it. My nostrils flinched at the rotten stench from the growing infection and my stomach wanted to heave.
“Grandpa, it’s really infected. We need to pour more alcohol on it.”
But Grandpa was stubborn and he got a bit snippy as he pushed my arm away.
“I’m fine, just leave it. Let’s just get home.”
“Well, at least let me wrap it back up.”
The pain from his injured leg that he tried so hard to hide was evident in his face, and yet through that torment I could still see the twinkle in his hazel eyes. I loved him so much and it made me just want to cry to see him hurting like this. But as usual, Grandpa could always sense my emotions.
“Sorry, Honey. I’m just old and cranky. Do what you think is best and then we better get going. I’m starving and Nana will be a nervous wreck by now.”
I poured some more alcohol over his wound and he stiffened his whole body as the pain ripped through his leg even more. I stopped for a second and waited for him to relax and then I gently wrapped the bandages back around it. But our talking disturbed Don and he growled at us to be quiet. I saw the cut on his arm and his scraped hands and offered to wrap them but he just growled more and told me to leave him alone.
Meagan and I stepped outside the cave a few minutes later to join the guys who’d been out there discussing the best route to get home. The morning air was cool and damp and nostalgic of a dead campfire.
Ali looked at Meagan and then back to Grandpa.
“Okay, we’re going to need to really help these guys along.  Meg, maybe you and I can each support your grandfather and Brad and Sarah can walk with Don. We can change positions along the way so that no one gets burned out with carrying your grandfather because we’re going to have to almost carry him and he looks a bit heavy. He sure can’t walk on that leg.”
Don was as old as Grandpa, but he had a loud voice and great hearing.
“What are you pointing that way for? We’re not going that way. We’re going this way.”
Ali took a deep breath and crept back towards the cave where Don was standing.
“With all due respect, Sir, both you and Grandpa are badly hurt and we have to get you home and to a doctor as soon as possible. Now, we’re familiar with that route and once we get to the other side of the river, Brad is going to run ahead to the house where he can call for help.”
“No! We’re not going back that way. I know what way you’re planning on going, along that swing bridge, that’s where. Well, I don’t like swing bridges, and besides that, there’s a better way by boat.”
By boat? Meagan and I looked at each other in surprise. I wondered if Don had forgotten that the boat is gone.
“Don, the boat is gone, and besides that, we know this route. It’ll be easy and we can have you home in a couple of hours.”
Grandpa waved for Brad to help him up and then he hobbled outside and faced the cave.
“Don has a friend over that way who keeps a boat tied up at a little dock down in the water. I think what he wants to do is to borrow it so we can scoot right across the water and be home in less than an hour.”
We all looked to where he was pointing and I could see that there was a lot of climbing over rocks and along brush land just to get passed this cave and back onto the trail. I knew that a trek like that would be hard on all of us, let alone on two old and injured men.
“Grandpa, where is this boat?”
Don pushed his way past us and pointed behind the cave.
“It’s over there a little ways and it’s tied to this little dock. I know the guy who owns it so he won’t mind.”
Meagan brushed her hair back up into her clip as she moved in close to us.
“And what if your friend is using it and it’s not there? That’s a long way for you two to go for nothing. What if two of us run on ahead to check it out first? You can rest here and we’ll get the boat and bring it here?”
But before Meagan could finish, Don ambled over to Grandpa and yelled loudly at Meagan.
“No! Typical city kids.  You visit here once a year and all of a sudden you know more than we do. And you two fellas have never even been here before and suddenly you’re experts. I’m not gonna sit here and wait for that wolf to come back. We’re all going down there together and that’s that.”
Everything went very quiet. Ali rolled his eyes and looked at Grandpa who had moved over to rest against a large rock.  Meagan became persistent as she spoke loudly.
“Yeah, well Don, Grandpa can’t walk that far on his leg. I think it’s best if two of us just run ahead to see if the boat’s even there and if it is, we’ll bring it back here.”
Grandpa waved at us and then hobbled over to where we were standing a few feet away.
“Look, I’m okay. It hurts like heck but I’ve climbed bigger hills than this and in a lot worse conditions.”
Then he leaned in and whispered as he pointed back with this thumb.
“Him, on the other hand, he’s as stubborn as a mule and we’ll be out here for days arguing if we don’t go along with him.”
Meagan and I looked at each other and then at the guys and I knew she felt as uncomfortable as I did. They didn’t think twice about coming out here to rescue Grandpa and Don, yet Don didn’t care what he said or how he offended them. Instead, he just kept talking.
 “You boys haven’t been here before and I live here. I know there is a boat that will get us home fast so why are we standing here wasting time? Luke, they’re your kids. Tell them to move their butts and so we can get to the boat.”
Grandpa hobbled a few feet onto the open grass and then looked back at us.
“What do you think? I’m game for walking and Don will be grouchy no matter which way we go.”
My stomach was screaming for food and I was sweaty and dirty and I just wanted to go home and take a shower and eat something. I knew that arguing with them was getting us nowhere and I looked at Meagan to say something, but she beat me to the punch.
“You know what? If that’s what you want and you two are obviously not going to let us spare you the pain, then I say we just get going. I’m hungry and I want a shower and I’d just like us to get back to the house.”
Ali shook his head and Brad smirked as he stuffed the blankets back into his backpack. We knew that the sooner we headed back, the sooner we’d get there, so Brad and I threw the packs on our back and walked with Don as Meagan and Ali propped Grandpa up between them. We headed slowly and painfully up the slope as Don yelled out the instructions.
“We’re just going along this path a little ways until we see a big tree that looks like a question mark and then we head back down to the water. That’s where we’ll find the boat.”
It sounded a lot easier than it was and we almost lost it with Don as he had a stubborn tendency to just wonder off when he wasn’t whining. One minute he was angry and yelling at us because his hands hurt, and the next minute he was stopping to admire a branch on the ground while trying to find the bug that disappeared under it.
We stopped about ten minutes later so that Ali and Meagan could let Grandpa rest for a minute. That was Don’s cue to start complaining about his hands again, and then finally Meagan lost it. She opened Ali’s backpack and pulled out the long bandage wrap.
“Look, I’m going to wrap your hands in this whether you like it or not. No, no, don’t fight me on this because I’m going to do it anyway. As long as your hands are not covered, you’re going to get more and more dirt in them and they’re going to hurt more so I’m wrapping them up.”
Don watched her wrap each of his hands and growled at her the entire time. She zipped up the backpack and pulled it onto her back.
“There, now maybe we can move along a little faster towards the boat, now that you aren’t looking at your sore hands.”
Suddenly, there was a loud crunching sound that caught our attention as we all gasped in amazement. About fifty feet to the left of us there a mixture of every forest animal imaginable bursting out of the forest and running aimlessly across the far side of the terrain that ran beside us. I’d never seen deer run with the foxes and skunks, only away from them. Brad turned in surprise as he watched them.
“Wow, something sure scared them. Look, there’s hundreds of animals - and deer, there’s got to be a hundred or more. Where are they headed in such a hurry?”
Grandpa rubbed his chest and shook his head.
“Well, usually it means there’s a hunter up ahead scaring them. Sometimes visitors will come back in here and use this forest as a hunting ground and it scares the critters half to death - so they run.”
I watched inquisitively as the animals passed by without even caring about us.
“Together like that? I mean, there’s a fox mixed right in the middle of the deer.”
We watched in amazement and then as usual, I began to worry.
“Grandpa, are we going to be okay going this way when there may be hunters up ahead? Does Don’s friend have a gun?”
“Oh sure, we all have guns here. We’re all hunters but we know when to hunt and how to hunt so that the whole forest doesn’t go bonkers. But oddly I haven’t heard any gunshots and with the animals this close, the shooter would be close enough to hear the shots. Kind of strange.”
Meagan stepped beside Ali and watched as more animals came out of the dense forest beside us and ran across the terrain to the adjoining forest.
“Well, Grandpa, I hope we’re going to be safe going to the boat without having someone shooting at us.”
But before Grandpa could answer, Don stood up and huffed.
“Can we just get going instead of wasting time like this? I can smell campfire so the hunters aren’t too far away, and it’s probably just Joe, anyway. So, let’s forget those stupid animals and get to the boat before he decides to use it himself.”
Don didn’t care, but I was worried that there could be someone with a gun up ahead who just might accidentally shoot at us. I couldn’t smell any campfire so I figured that Don was just being impatient again, but Grandpa seemed sure that we were safe so we decided to keep going.
The sun beat down on us in hot waves and at this point I didn’t really care which way we went just as long as we were going home. Brad and I took hold of Grandpa and we continued along the grassy path towards his friend’s boat. After ten or fifteen minutes, we stopped for another break and Ali took his cap off and rubbed his head.
“So, where exactly is this tree that looks like a question mark?”
Grandpa took a deep breath and closed his eyes as he rested on a nearby rock.
“Can’t remember where it is from this path but I don’t think it’s too far from here.”
About an hour and a half later, we still hadn’t found the tree and we were exhausted and collapsed under the shade of a big oak tree. My legs were stinging from the sweat that dripped into scratches from the dried bushes and branches along the way. Brad got up a minute later and ran ahead and then disappeared into a group of trees while the rest of us tried to catch our breath. Grandpa’s face was pale as he rubbed his leg and told us that it was really hurting.
“We’re close to the boat now, though. Won’t be long and we’ll be home.”
Several minutes later Brad returned and dropped onto the ground in the shade to rest and catch his breath.
“Found the tree. It’s up there about a city block.”
I sat down beside him and he was restless, almost as if he knew something that we didn’t.
“Brad? Are you okay?”
“Yeah, I’m just beat. Anybody else notice that there are no birds around? I mean, usually they’re everywhere and they’re noisily chirping away, but I don’t hear any.”
We stopped to listen and Brad was right. We were practically the only noise in the forest. Don coughed as he pointed to the sky.
“That’s because there’s no wind, and when there’s no wind you don’t hear much. When there’s a wind it carries the sounds from all over the forest.”
That didn’t make a lot of sense but he was quiet after so we didn’t argue with him. Instead, we opened our water bottles and took a few swigs. Meagan sighed as she wiped her forehead with her hand.
“You’re right, there isn’t a breeze. No wonder I’m sweating so much. What time is it anyway?”
Ali looked at his watch and commented that it was only about ten o’clock.
“So early and yet it’s so hot - and so dry. When’s the last time it rained here?”
Grandpa snickered as he looked up at the sky.
“It’s been a few months, in fact, nothing so far this year. This is the driest summer I can remember since we moved here. Anyway, let’s get going. I’m getting too hot out here.”
We continued slowly along the dry path and reached the tree shaped like a question mark about half an hour later, and by then I was ready to collapse again. Meagan pulled out the water bottles and being only three left, we had to share them sparingly except that Don grabbed one and drank the whole thing down.
“What’s your problem? I was thirsty.”
He tossed the bottle onto the ground and got ready to head out. Meagan and I looked at each other and I could see the same anger on her face that was rising up in me. She bent down and picked the bottle up and stuffed it in the backpack.
“Let’s not just throw our garbage around. Let’s at least try to show some respect for this forest and the animals that live in it.”
Don growled and pushed me off of his arm as he began walking along the path. The rest of us joined him and minutes later we were heading down to the boat. Although it had been a long and disparaging haul, I was glad we were almost there because it meant we were almost home.
We edged slowly down the rocky terrain and it took us about fifteen or twenty minutes to get to the water but when we got there, Don began to shout.
“Well, that son of a – I can’t believe he took the boat. You, Alex, go down there and see if he’s tied it down there.”
Ali puckered his mouth and then nodded to Don as he climbed down the bank with Brad right on his tail. They both returned a few minutes later and Ali stared at Grandpa.
“What made you think the boat was there? It’s not there. It’s not anywhere around here.”
Grandpa tried to stand up and then fell back onto the rock as Don rose up and began to yell at the guys.
“That’s impossible. He always keeps it here. Go look again.”
I squatted beside Grandpa and gently rubbed his good leg.
“It’s not here, Grandpa. There is no boat and now we’re going to have to head back the way we came after all.”
Just the thought of having to drag Grandpa and Don back through the dry grass in this heat on an empty stomach made we want to cry. Don broke my train of thought as he stood up and began to yell again.
“My hands hurt so much I can’t stand it.”
I knew that he was in pain, but when I looked at Grandpa my insides really ached. Blood and infection was seeping through the bandage and I knew that his leg needed immediate attention.
“We’re going to have to head back right away. Look at his leg. It’s going to take us the rest of the day. Brad, I’m really sorry that Meg and I are putting you and Ali through this.”
Ali put his arm around Meagan and said that the important issue was to get the older men home and to a doctor, and we agreed. I was fighting the tears and Brad must have noticed because he came and put his arm around me and whispered.
“It’s okay. We’ll get your grandfather home as fast as we can. I promise.”
There was a reassurance in his voice and I was really glad that he was with us. I don’t know what Meagan and I would have done without them so far and I knew we needed them even more now.
We got ready to head back onto the trail when icy chills shot up my back and I couldn’t move. Meagan leaned in and whispered to me.
“Sarah, you okay?”
“I don’t know. Something is wrong. Something isn’t right, Meg, and we should have gone back the way we wanted to go and not come this way.”
I looked back down the path in agony as I imagined how difficult it was going to be leading two injured and elderly men in this heat wave. My eyes caught a glimpse of the sky, and that’s when my heart thumped against my ribcage as a hovering fear fell over me.
We stood gaping at the sky that was partially covered with dark grey clouds and as my legs turned to rubber as chills of fear shot up and down my spine.
Smoke!



Chapter 5
One Step Forward, Two Steps Back

Brad and Ali darted back down towards the water to see if they could get a better view of the smoke that was hovering in the distant sky. Meanwhile, Meagan and I tried to search through the umbrella of tall trees that was spread out all around us but it was almost impossible to see anything. At least the smoke wasn’t right over us.
“I don’t smell smoke or anything, do you, Meg?”
“No, it’s not close enough to smell. It’s way over there somewhere. I just hope it’s not someone’s home that’s on fire.”
“Yeah, me too.  And I’m glad it’s not in the part of the forest where we’re going, either.”
Grandpa had been sitting on the rock staring down at his wounded leg. He took a deep breath as he propped himself up so he could hobble towards the bank of the inlet. The sun was blazing down so he put his hand over his eyes and gazed into the sky and then across the water.
“There aren’t any homes in that direction, girls, just forest. Any homes around here are on the far side of the lake over where we live.”
Meagan and I both sighed in relief when he said that.  I knew that the smoke cloud was too big to be from a normal campfire but my insides began to shake when I thought about it.
“So it’s a forest fire, isn’t it? This forest is on fire, is that what you’re saying, Grandpa?”
“That’s what it looks like. It might be way over there now, but if the wind shifts, I don’t know….”
Hearing Grandpa confirm that the forest was on fire made my insides shake even more, and within seconds I was coated in a sweat just from fear of the unknown. He rubbed his beard and shook his head. His countenance was rent with worry that was outlined in fear.
I swallowed hard and felt my heart thump heavily inside my chest. That’s when Brad and Ali ran back to us with Ali shouting almost in a panic.
“We have to move now. Brad and I went down as far as we could go and it looks like the fire is in this forest way behind us. It’s quite a ways back there but with it being this dry it won’t take long for it to get here.”
I looked at Grandpa and grabbed his arm.
“Grandpa, are you okay? Are you going to be able to walk?”
He looked up at the sky and licked his finger.
“Kind of have to, don’t I? There’s no wind now so that’s in our favour, but if there does come a wind and it shifts, it’ll be here in minutes.”
Goose bumps rolled down my arms as I grabbed the back pack and flung it over my shoulders. Brad grabbed the other bag as Meagan and Ali helped Grandpa to his feet. I motioned for Don to come but he sat on the rock and totally ignored us.
“Don, come on. We have to get going.”
He looked at me dryly and then huffed.
“There’s no point. It’s going to be here in a couple of hours and there’s no way we’re going to get out of this alive. I was caught in a forest fire back in the fifties. I was young and healthy and I barely escaped it then. What chance do I have now?”
I felt the knots tighten in my stomach as I moved quickly to Don and took hold of his good arm to pull him to his feet.
“We can’t just give up. The fire is way over there. We can make it to the bridge and over to the other side and get out of its path if we move now. But we have to move now, Don. Come on!”
Grandpa turned to Don and growled at him.
“Quit being such a stubborn old fool for once. These kids are trying to help us - and at least you can walk.”
Don bellowed back and his shout rattled inside my ears.
“There’s no point. We can’t outrun it. Look at the smoke, Luke. It’s covering all the sky over there. You know as well as I do that it’s already a mighty blaze. Why make these kids think there’s a chance to outrun it. Who’s being the old fool now?”
I could feel my legs getting rubbery and my hands were already shaking from the nervous vibration going on inside me. Brad and I spent the next several minutes trying to convince Don that we should get going, and just as my patience was beginning to wear thin, he gave in and we were able to pull him to his feet.  He criticized us and said we were typical teenagers who knew it all, and where Brad just rolled his eyes and smirked, I could feel the rage of intimidation rising inside me.
We headed out slowly and Don complained constantly about his hands, but at this point I didn’t care what he whined about just as long as he walked quickly while he was doing it.
We climbed back up onto the dry path that ran closely alongside the open terrain but the air seemed even hotter and drier than it did earlier.  The dead grass scratched my sweaty legs constantly and they began to sting and itch even more than before.
After about ten minutes we had to rest because Grandpa’s leg was hurting him too much for him to carry on. We rested in the shade under the spread of a burly oak tree for a few minutes, and as the guys discussed forest fires with Grandpa, Meagan and I sat off to one side and exchanged our fears. We didn’t want the others to know just how afraid we really were but it wasn’t easy to hide.  Grandpa looked over and smiled at us with that reassuring grin that told us everything would be all right.
“Girls, it’s okay to be scared.  There’s a lot here to be scared of. I wish that darn boat had been there because now I’m thinking that it would have us home already.  And to be honest, I’m not sure how far I can go on this leg.”
Grandpa leaned forward and gently rubbed the bandages that covered his wound. Blood and water was seeping through and I knew the infection was getting worse. My own legs were aching on the inside and stinging on the outside and I just wanted to wash them and take all the pain away. But all I could do was sit down beside Grandpa and message my legs gently, as well.  While Meagan stood up beside Brad and Ali and gazed up into the distant grey clouds with them, Don sat alone against the tree and became very docile. 
The forest was quiet and almost eerie and I remembered the animals.
“Well, I guess we know now why all the animals were so scared.”
Meagan turned to us and looked really worried.
“Grandpa, does that mean then that the fire is really close to us or were the animals just running in a panic from the far side until they cleared the entire forest?”
Grandpa looked up through his thick eyebrows.
“When animals get scared they run until they feel safe. And funny enough, animals seem to know more about fires than we do, so I think they know it’s headed this way and they were running to get right out of it.”
We rested for a few more minutes and then Ali asked if we were ready to move on. I was more than ready and if we didn’t have to keep stopping for Grandpa, I’m sure we would have already been well on our way. Brad bent down to help Grandpa to his feet.
“Mr. Davies, we just have to…..”
Grandpa grunted as he snickered and held onto Brad’s arm.
“Ah, don’t call me that, that’s for strangers. You can call me Grandpa just like the girls.”
Grandpa had such a gentle way of bringing peace into a tense situation and that’s why anyone who ever met him couldn’t help but love him.
“Okay, Grandpa, we just have to get away from this inlet and back to the main trail that’ll take us to the bridge, and then once we get across it Ali and I will run ahead and you guys can rest safely until we get back with help.”
I was glad that the guys were keeping an outward positive attitude and I didn’t want to know what they really thought. But I knew that we had to keep talking with hope to keep up our own stability.
“That’s right, Grandpa.  The forest turns away with the river at the bridge so even if it does get there, it won’t get to the other side, if it even gets there at all.”
Grandpa tapped my hand gently and then looked up gravely up at the sky.
“Oh, it’ll get there, Sarah. There’s no doubt about that. It’ll get there.”
His words sent spikes of fear across the nape of my neck and all I could do was keep rubbing my legs while trying to stay calm. My hands were clammy and I was shaking inside. I didn’t know anything about forest fires except what I’d seen on the television news, but I knew that I didn’t want to get caught in one. And I knew that we were all going to have to keep talking positive if we were ever going to make it safely to the bridge.
Meagan sauntered over to me and kicked my boot.
“We better get going. Grandpa, I know it hurts but you’re strong and you need to get home to Nana. We’ll try to support you as much as possible, but we really should get going.”
Meagan and Ali moved in to either side of Grandpa and wrapped his arms around their shoulders.  They began slowly and then headed onto the path. Brad and I spent the next couple of minutes trying to get Don to stand up, and then finally he yelled out a few choice words at us and then started following the others at turtle speed. I knew this was going to be a challenge so Brad and I walked on either side of him and grabbed hold of his arms to hurry him along.
The trek was difficult and my legs were aching because it was an uphill and rocky path and we had to practically carry Don. His hands and his one arm were hurting him and although the fire was so far away, he kept saying that we weren’t going to make it. 
“There’s no point in rushing. That idiot took his boat and the fire will be here soon. We’re not going to make it anyway.”
Brad was irritated with Don’s attitude and forced him to walk even faster.
“Yeah, well I don’t give up that easy and it’s not here yet, so would you please stop talking like we’re dead already?”
We rested again about fifteen or twenty minutes later and as much as I knew we had to for Grandpa’s sake, we hadn’t really gone very far and it bothered me that this was going to take forever just to get to the bridge. We went through the same routine a few more times as we took turns supporting Grandpa. At each rest Grandpa appeared more tired and sickly, and Don whined louder about how we weren’t going to make it.
It was only about ten minutes into the one trek when Meagan turned back and motioned to us that we were going to rest again. Grandpa didn’t look well at all and he was sporting a slight fever.  We sat down under the shade of some overhanging trees in the open terrain on some small rocks and I gave Grandpa a few sips from my water bottle.
From where we sat, we couldn’t get a good view of the sky behind the towering trees behind us, so in one way that eased my stress even though I knew that it was still there. Brad and Ali ran ahead and disappeared behind some rocks on the wide rocky terrain. I opened my water bottle again to give Grandpa some more water but he pushed it away and began to moan about his leg.
“No more water. I think I’m going to throw up as it is. I’m not sure how much more I can go on this. It hurts a lot now, more than before. And I’m so darn dizzy.”
Grandpa’s face was pale and looked almost sunken, and it was obvious that he was in a lot of pain. And I’m sure that knowing there was a fire behind us only added to his stress. I stepped back to stand alone with Meagan and we were already thinking the same thing. She leaned in and covered her mouth as she whispered to me.
“The infection is making him sick, Sarah, and he’s got a fever.  Look how pale he is. I’m really worried about him. I don’t think he can walk anymore.”
As she spoke, a prickle of fear crawled across my neck. I knew that the infection in his leg was spreading fast and that we had to get him to a doctor soon, but it was going to take us several hours at the rate we were going just to get to the bridge.
“I know, Meg. Maybe we could make a stretcher of some kind to carry him on. Do you think?”
Meagan shook her head in disappointment just as the guys were running back. They both collapsed in front of us and Ali panted as he tried to talk.
“Brad and I ran as far over there as we could. We couldn’t see much but there’s a lot of smoke on the far side of the forest. Grandpa’s right. A shift in the wind and it’ll come right at us.”
This is not the news that we wanted to hear and it scared me. I wanted to keep thinking positive but now it was becoming a real challenge.
“Well, if we can get to the bridge we’ll be safe. It bottle-necks at that point but the bridge is metal and there’s water below it so the fire can’t really spread across it. And the river gets really wide on either side, especially to the right, so even if the fire does spread towards us, once we get across the bridge we should be safe, right? Brad? Ali? Why don’t you look more hopeful?”
I followed Ali’s eyes to Grandpa’s leg and I knew why.  Brad was intrigued with the smoke and wandered off to the side to study it more carefully. As I looked to where we were going I understood Ali’s frustration because I knew that Grandpa couldn’t walk any more.
“We should find something to make a stretcher so we can carry him. Wouldn’t that help us move along a bit faster?”
Meagan suggested tying the blankets somehow to branches and Ali agreed that it could be done. Brad heard us talking and then grabbed his bag and unzipped it.
“Maybe I have something.  When we dumped our bags back at the house I didn’t unzip the side pockets.”
Ali jerked his head as he grinned.
“I didn’t either.”
Brad pulled out what looked like a yellow bag.  He winked at me and raised his eyebrows.
“I’ve got a nylon tent here and Ali’s got rope. Now we just need to find some branches for the rods and we’ve got ourselves a stretcher.”
While the guys looked for two branches, Meagan and I sat with Grandpa and tried to comfort him as he groaned painfully. He seemed to look worse every minute and his bandage was now completely soaked with blood. I rubbed his hand and spoke softly.
“Grandpa, just hang on. We’re going to make something to carry you on so you won’t have to walk.  You’re going to be okay.”
Grandpa opened his swollen eyelids and looked up at me. His face was withdrawn and his eyes were wet. He was trying to contain the pain but it was spreading all through him and all he could say was that he felt sick.
Meagan and I cuddled on each side of him and we talked about the things we used to do when we visited years ago and what we were going to do when we got home. But after a few minutes he stopped chuckling and just grunted. I knew we had to hurry.
A few minutes later the guys returned with two ragged branches that were about eight feet long, and then they took their army knives and shaved off the rough and jagged parts to make it easier for carrying. The branches were crooked and uneven but Ali assured us that they were strong enough to hold Grandpa’s weight. Brad grabbed the thin rope and he and Ali spread the tent out and tied it onto the branches. Meagan and I sat beside Grandpa and watched with amazement at how fast they put together a make-shift stretcher.
Ali smiled at us as he tied the last knot.
“It’s all part of our training as camp counsellors and leaders. Okay, my side’s done. How you doing over there, man?”
“Got it. Okay, let me just tie this off – okay, I’m done. This should hold Grandpa and if we each grab an end we should be able to move a bit faster. Just hope Don will keep up with us.”
Don? We’d been so busy trying to get the stretcher for Grandpa that we’d forgotten about Don. I turned towards the tree where he’d been resting to tell him that we were about to continue, but he wasn’t there.”
“Don? Don? Where are you?”
Meagan looked surprised and started calling for him in another direction, and then the guys joined in. We searched the area all around us as we called out for him. That’s when I noticed the sky. The smoke was getting closer and Don was nowhere to be found.



Chapter 6
Missing

I stayed back with Grandpa while the others took off in three different directions looking for Don. I could hear them calling his name and their voices broke the eerie stillness of the forest that prevailed so loudly in my ears. There wasn’t a sound, not a bird chirping in a single tree or flying anywhere around us, and no movement on the ground from the little furry wilderness creatures.
Grandpa’s bushy eyebrows were close together as he shook his head and grunted.
“That old fool, what is he doing now?”
I sat looking around nervously and wondering how close the fire was, and the only thing that kept me calm was thinking how close we were to the bridge.  Grandpa’s face grew paler by the minute and his bandage was even more soaked than before.
“Where would he go, Grandpa?”
“No idea.”
“But you know him better than anyone, and you know how he is, Grandpa. Do you think he’s just running towards the bridge without us?”
Grandpa closed his eyes as he held my hand in his shaking grip.
“He could be anywhere. He’s got a bit of Alzheimer’s and sometimes he gets lost in the war. He’s got worse lately and it’s hard to know what he’s thinking.”
My heart sank as I glanced across the terrain towards the back of the forest and saw clouds of smoke rising up above the distant trees, and I knew those clouds weren’t there a few minutes ago. They were rolling but I couldn’t tell if they were moving towards us or just up. Grandpa kept trying to touch his wounded leg and he was groaning under his breath. I knew his pride didn’t want me to know that he was in pain but it was getting hard for him not to show it.
“Grandpa, the smoke is getting closer. We have to get going soon. I hope they find Don so we can get to the bridge.”
Grandpa opened one eye and looked at me through his weighted eyebrow.
“Sometimes he just does things. He could be running to get away from the fire or in his mind he could be fighting it somewhere.”
“But where? Where would he go? He should have just stayed with us but now we have to wait for him and I just want to get out of here.”
We sat quiet and a minute later Meagan came limping back through some briar  and dropped herself down beside Grandpa. He groaned when he saw her and I was frustrated that she had been injured.
“Oh my gosh, Meg! What happened to your leg? You’re bleeding.”
Meagan sat forward and pulled the bottom of her t-shirt to dab her wound that was dripping blood down her shin.
“There’s potholes everywhere out there and I didn’t see one. Gees, I tripped in it and the grass and branches are so darned dry they cut my leg. Ouch! This hurts.”
I leaned over and grabbed Ali’s backpack to get the first aid box and then pulled out the disinfectant and some tissues.
“Let me pour this on the cuts, Meg. Close your eyes for a second.”
She clenched her fists and squealed quietly as the sting of the liquid etched its way into the wounds. There were some large, square band aids in the kit so I put one over the two cuts that were still bleeding, but the others were spread down her leg and they weren’t dripping so I left them.
“Geez, Sarah, I can’t believe that I didn’t see that stupid hole. I thought for sure I’d twisted my ankle, but I think it’s okay. Or maybe my leg just stings so much I can’t feel it.”
Grandpa put his arm around Meagan and as usual broke the tension of the moment with his passionate grin.
“Honey, you didn’t have to do this just for me. One of us with a bad leg was enough.”
We all chuckled for a few seconds but as I put the kit back into Ali’s bag I was shaking inside because the smoke was getting noticeably closer, not a lot but enough to scare me. I still couldn’t smell it and that was fine with me because I knew if I could then we were in real trouble.
A few minutes later Ali strolled in from one side and said that he’d searched everywhere and called out for Don but he couldn’t find him. And then a minute after that Brad ran in from the other side and said almost the same thing. It bothered me a lot that Don couldn’t be found, and selfishly, not just because he was lost but because we had to get Grandpa to the hospital as soon as possible and now we couldn’t go anywhere because of him.
When Ali saw Meagan’s leg his eyes bugged out and he fell on his knees in front of her as he caressed it gently.
“Awe, Meg. What happened?”
Meagan explained how she’d injured her leg and then looked sideways to Grandpa. Meagan tapped his thigh as she looked at Ali.
“I’ll be okay, Ali, but we have to Grandpa to the doctor – like soon.”
Ali stood up and huffed loudly.
“Well, this is just great.  Kind of a catch-22, isn’t it? We need all four of us to carry the stretcher but we can’t do anything until we find Don. What’s with this guy, anyway?”
Grandpa forced himself to his feet even though his body was wavering.
“I’ll just walk. Don’t need to carry me. Maybe I can head back with one of you and the rest can search for Don.”
Just then Grandpa fell back onto the rock and Brad caught him so he helped him to sit. 
“I’m just a bit dizzy. Give me a second and we can go.”
Brad shook his head at Ali and raised his eyebrows.
“He can’t walk. His leg is bleeding. We need to carry him. Okay, let’s get a plan and get going.”
Ali stood up and turned in every direction and then threw his hands in the air.
“I don’t know where to begin looking for this guy.  Where would he go? He’s old, how far can he get?”
Grandpa reached forward and grabbed Ali’s arm. He looked up and spoke slowly.
“He’s old but he’s fast. He’s a retired marathon runner, old and crazy. And he knows these woods better than anyone.”
Somehow I just couldn’t picture Don tearing his way through the dry grass and stony paths to get home, especially when the only way back for us was to cross the sway bridge that he was afraid of.
“But, Grandpa, he’s in pain. He’s been groaning and complaining about how much his hands hurt. Do you really think he can move so fast that we can’t find him?”
Grandpa snickered cynically.
“You don’t need hands to run, Sarah. His legs are fine and he’s fuelled with fear. He could be quite a ways away by now especially if his mind goes on him.”
Ali paced the stony ground and then turned towards us and threw his hands up again and then slapped them at his side.
“But where would he go? He’s afraid of the bridge so he wouldn’t go there, and he’s afraid of the fire so he’d be running away from it. So, maybe he’s hiding somewhere nearby?”
Grandpa shook his head slowly as he opened his eyes and looked down at the ground. The rest of us spent the next couple of minutes talking about where he might have gone. Brad looked over at Grandpa and then sat down on the boulder beside Meagan.
“Grandpa, when he was caught in that fire before, you know, the one he mentioned that was back in the fifties? How did he escape?”
Grandpa grunted and I knew he was trying to think above the pain and sickness that was now very obvious by the gruelling expressions on his face. He puffed a couple of times as his eyes shifted from one direction to the other.
“There was a lake and he was a good swimmer back then. He swam out to a little mound that was far out into the water and he waited there to be rescued. He screamed for his partner to swim out with him but he couldn’t swim so he stayed in the water near the shore hoping that I could get to him.”
We all watched Grandpa painfully tell us this horror story. Lumps of agony rose up into my chest and it was hard to swallow.
“I remember getting off the big ship and onto this little dingy type thing, and I paddled over to Don and pulled him in but I couldn’t save his brother.  The fire had taken all the oxygen from the shore and he suffocated and drowned. And I think that’s when Don’s troubles began.”
By the time Grandpa finished talking, I felt like such a heel for the way I had treated Don. No wonder he had a hard time dealing with people. He likely had an even harder time dealing with himself and was blaming himself for his brother’s death.  Brad leaned in to Grandpa and spoke softly.
“So, you think he may have gone back to the water to where he thinks it’s safe? It makes sense, you know. His mind has shifted back in time and he’s waiting to be rescued.”
Ali looked up and cut Brad off.
“Crap, look at the sky. The smoke is even closer.  We better think of something quick.”
Grandpa looked up at Ali and motioned with arm for him to leave.
“Just go find Don. He’s probably gone back to the lake like you said. The girls and I will head back to the bridge.”
My insides were shaking so much that my words came out choppy.
“Grandpa, you can’t walk. Look at you. We have to carry you.”
“I can walk.”
Grandpa stood up and then collapsed back down onto the rock.
“God, I’m so dizzy. Better move your leg, Meagan. I think I’m gonna heave.”
Ali was pacing once more and then slapped Brad on the arm.
“Okay. So, we’ll break up and two of us will head out to look for Don. Meg, you’re obviously staying here with your grandfather.  Sarah, I don’t know, maybe you should stay here too so that she’s not alone in case Don comes back.”
Grandpa lifted his head towards us but kept his eyes closed.
“Or the wolves.”
What?
“They may have gone but wolves are strange animals. Some run in fear and some don’t run until danger is on them. Maybe one of you guys should stay back just in case. I don’t want the girls to get hurt if they come.”
I searched the grass behind the rock with my eyes as Brad squatted and took the rope from a pocket in his backpack. He looked up at me as he forced a grin.
“Sarah, you up to it?”
“Yeah, sure. Grandpa, we’re both good runners, we’re both trained hikers so we’ll head back down to the water and see if we can find him. Are you guys going to be okay here?”
Ali looked around at the sky and then at the path that we were originally trekking on.
“Yeah, we’ll be okay, but we may move along the path and go down there a bit to where it’s more shaded. It depends on if we can help him walk that far or not, otherwise we’ll be right here when you get back.”
We all agreed that Don was likely to return to the inlet where Grandpa’s and Don’s boat had capsized so that’s where Brad and I headed. We just hoped that we could get to Don before he did something foolish and what that might be, we weren’t exactly sure.  We knew that it would take us at least fifteen minutes to get there even though it had taken us an hour and a half or more to get to this point.  But that was because we had to walk so slow with Grandpa, not to mention the time that was wasted trying to get Don moving.
The piercing rays of the sun stung my skin as we ran down the slopes, and it wasn’t long before we were both covered in beads of sweat. We realized that we could shorten the trek by cutting across some other stony areas and down a couple of jagged slopes. We didn’t talk much and basically the only noise I heard was the occasional “ouch” in between our heavy puffing as we pressed through the dry debris and rocks.
My legs were aching from the endurance of the fast pace and I was just about to say that we needed to rest for one minute when Brad stopped and pointed.
“There’s the water. Hey, you okay?”
“Yeah.”
I stood beside him and the lake was about five minutes and one rocky slope away. We ran down as quickly as we dared and headed towards the bank of the water.
“Brad, do you see him? Do you see the boat?”
“Nah. I was kind of hoping we’d find him around their boat but I guess it sank. So if the boat has sunk, where would that old man go?”
We called out his name as we jotted in and out of all the surrounding areas. I didn’t want to look up at the sky but I did anyway, and when I saw that the smoke was even closer my insides shook so badly that I gasped out loud. And I figured that Brad had noticed it too because he stepped back and grabbed my arm.
“Sarah!”
I couldn’t take my eyes off of the smoke and that’s when my dream began to filter through my mind. I was suffocating in my dream and now I realize that it meant I would be suffocating through this. My chest was pounding and I just wanted to cry.
Brad looked at the smoke and then back at the water.
“Not the smoke.”
“What?”
“Look! Out there!”
I turned to where he was pointing and gasped as spikes of fear shot up and down my spine. Don was floating face down about a hundred yards into the middle of the inlet.



Chapter 7
Bombs Away

I was shocked to see Don floating in the water, and for a few seconds all I could do was stare because I didn’t know what else to do. My whole body had become limp and I shook from my head to my toes.  But Brad didn’t waste a second. He pulled off his boots and socks and tossed his shades and cap onto the ground beside them.
“I’m going in.”
He grabbed the coil of yellow rope that he’d flung onto the ground and poked his arm through the middle. It wasn’t until I heard the splash of the water that I realized he had dove into it and was heading out towards Don. My head was fuzzy and it took me another couple of seconds to get a grip and stop shaking enough so that I could think straight.
“What? Oh yeah, I’m coming, too.”
I pulled off my own boots and socks and placed my glasses on top of my one boot. Seeing Don floating out there really made me afraid of what we would actually find, but I took a deep breath and dove into the water and followed Brad. Although the water was warm because of the intense heat from the sun, my insides were shivering as I stroked each arm and swam towards them.
When Brad got to him he yelled out to me as he wiped the water off of his face.
“He’s alive! He’s on a …”
I couldn’t hear what Brad said after that because my ears were blasting so loud from the fear that rang through them. The water was a lot deeper than it appeared from the surface but I was a good swimmer and so its depth was the least of my fears.
I pulled myself up beside Brad who was holding Don’s head and talking to him, and that’s when I noticed that Don really was okay. Brad turned towards me for a second as he spoke.
“Yeah, Sarah, he’s okay. He’s laying on this rock here. Didn’t look like a rock from back there and I thought he was just floating in the water.”
Don was stretched across a large rock that protruded out of the water.  His hands were clinging to one side of the boulder that looked like a little shelf protruding from the side. That’s when I knew that he was really scared because all along he’d been complaining about how much his hands hurt and now they seemed to be the least of his concerns. He lifted his head and growled at Brad.
“Leave me alone!”
We kept buoyant in the water by holding onto one side of the large rock and the whole time Brad was trying to get Don to let go of it so we could get back to shore.
“Come on, Don. Grab hold of me and I’ll take you back so we can get out of here.”
“No! The rescue team will be here any minute.”
“There’s no rescue team coming, so come on. Let’s get back to the others and get out of here.”
But that just made Don scream all the more that the rescue boat was just up ahead. Brad looked at me inquisitively and then I remembered what Grandpa had said.
“Gees, Brad. He thinks he’s in the war being rescued by Grandpa. What are we going to do?”
“Not sure. Come on, Don. We have to get out of here. Now come on, take hold of my arm.”
“No, we have to wait here. The rescue boat is coming soon to save all of us.”
Don had his body wrapped around the boulder and he wasn’t going to let go of it easily. He swatted at Brad each time we tried to get him off the rock and I knew that if we forced him off that we might not even get back to the shore. Just then Brad pulled the rope from his shoulder and opened the coil.
“Okay, okay, have it your way. Sarah, we’re the rescue team and we’re taking Don to the boat.”
Brad was a compassionate guy and somehow he had more patience and was able to understand Don a lot more than me. I just wanted to pull him off the rock and get him to shore, but Brad looked at me and shook his head as he spoke quietly.
“We’re going to have to go along with him if we’re going to get him back. He’s not going to budge otherwise and we’re wasting time out here arguing with him.”
He patted Don on the back and asked him several times to let go of the rock so we could get him to the boat.  Don finally lifted his head up and spoke slowly in between his gasps for air.
“Can’t do it, son…. Gotta wait here for Luke…. Can you see him? …. Is his boat out there, yet?”
Brad looked at me and raised his eyebrows as he shook his head. I could see the compassion in his eyes and yet at the same time, the frustration that covered the rest of his face.
“Don, Luke hurt his leg, remember? He sent me to get you.”
Don lifted his head again as high as he could to look at Brad. His squinted at Brad and his countenance changed from rough and scared to hopeful and happy.
“Yeah? Well, why didn’t you say so?”
As I floated in the water beside Brad, my whole body shook and my teeth chattered. Brad stopped talking to Don and turned to me.
“Are you okay, Sarah?”
“Yeah, I’m just, you know, shaking a bit. Thought he was dead and that kind of got to me. Now I think I’m just scared.”
Brad reached over and rubbed my arm as he forced a smirk.
“Well, crewman, you’re going to have to finish being scared later because right now I need you to help me get Don off this rock and into the boat.”
Just as Brad said that, Don perked up again.
“Where’s the boat?”
I knew that this was going to be a difficult task because now we had to convince Don that there even was a boat. And then we had to get him to swim to the shore where we’d have to make him believe that the boat was hiding behind some bushes or rocks.
Brad was always one step ahead of my imagination, though.
“Don, it’s over there. See it? Big white ship with dark blue………”
“Where’s it? I don’t see it. Where’s the boat, Pete?”
Pete?
“Don, listen to me. It’s over there. You have to see it. It’s there.”
Don stretched his head to look behind him and then he looked back and stared me in the eyes. It was a strange sensation, almost as if he was searching my soul for something.
“Pete.  I always said you could swim if you tried. We’re gonna make it to the boat together this time. Hang on.”
I saw the hope in Don’s eyes and I just wanted to burst out crying. He thought that I was his brother and that he was still alive. I watched him squirm around on the rock and my whole body was flushed with agony as tears began welling up in my eyes. Meagan was as close to me as any sister can get and my heart ached just thinking that anything bad could happen to her. How horrifying this must have been for him to watch his brother drown like that.
“Pete, come on.  This guy’s gonna take us to Luke.”
While we were talking, Brad had unwound the rope and was wrapping it around Don’s chest and under his arms.  He handed me the other end and began pulled Don towards him.
“Okay, Pete. You take this end and swim to the…to the boat over there, and when you get on it just keep pulling us in.”
The air was warm, the emotions were wild and the task was challenging, yet I could see in Brad’s eyes that he was actually enjoying this little pretence.
“The rope is only fifty feet long and it’s about three hundred feet to that boat, so how am I going to get to shore … or uh, to the deck and pull you on?”
He shook his head and smirked as he secured the knot in the rope around Don’s chest.
“Well, just hold onto the end and keep pulling. You’ll feel the tension of us behind you but I need you to keep pulling us. He’s almost a dead weight and it’s going to be hard enough for me to keep us both afloat, so if you can help by pulling us and then reeling us in that last fifty feet, that would be great, Pete.”
As I tied the end into a small loop so that I could slip my wrist through it, I noticed the amusing grin on Brad’s face.
“So, if I’m Pete, who are you?”
But to my surprise Don jerked forward and pointed to Brad.
“Ah Pete, I’m sorry. This is Luke’s young helper. Forget your name, though.”
This caught me right off guard and as tense as this rescue was, Brad didn’t miss a cue. 
“Me? I’m Bond. James Bond.”
Brad kept a straight face while Don’s was overwhelmed with excitement.
“Hey, I’ve heard of you. You’re a popular fella. Hey Pete, this guy’s a hero already and he’s gonna save us. This is our lucky day.”
I wasn’t sure if I should laugh or cry.
“Bond? You’re James Bond?”
“That’s right, Pete, I’m James Bond. Surprised you didn’t figure that out already. So, anything else you want to know or can we get going?”
“Well, with your credentials I would have thought that you could do this whole rescue all by yourself.”
Brad’s face was expressionless.
“Well then, that would mean that you came out here for nothing, wouldn’t it, Pete? I don’t want to take all the credit here, so how about you helping this guy into the water?”
I could see the smirk growing on his face and as tense as the moment was, his sense of humor actually relieved me of some of my shivers. I moved in closer and helped him lift Don’s limp body off of the rock and into the water. Brad held him close and kept him afloat.
“Don, you hang onto me, okay? I’m going to help you swim to the boat over there.”
“I’m a good swimmer, you know, James. I’m just a little tired right now but I’ll try to swim as much as I can.”
“That’s great. Okay, here we go.”
I fell back into the water and swam out slowly, and soon the rope was tight and I could feel the pull on the line as I led the way.  The shore seemed further away than I remembered but I kept going. Brad had the greater task because he was practically carrying Don, but I knew that as soon as I got to the bank I would be able to help pull them in which would at least give him that much relief. And besides that, Brad was not only a great swimmer but he’d had lots of water rescue training.
I kept turning around in the water to look back and see that they were still doing okay, and it didn’t take as long as I’d thought it would to get to the shore. Once I climbed out of the water I was able to pull the rope a bit at a time and a few minutes later Brad and Don were at the edge. We lifted Don out of the water and onto the bank where we all collapsed for just a few seconds. Brad was really exhausted from carrying Don through the water and he lay on the ground like a snow angel facing the sky.
“Hey, Pete, we made it.”
I could hear the sarcasm in his voice and I knew that he was enjoying this little game, and I also knew that I was probably going to keep on hearing about it long after we got back home.
“Yes, James, we made it.”
Don began to move around and I opened my eyes to see what he was doing.
“Where’s the boat? I don’t see the boat. James, where is it?”
Brad sat up and was lost for words as he looked around and then stared at me.
“Yeah, the boat. Where’s the boat, Pete?”
Before I could respond, Don tapped my leg and his voice was excited.
“Pete, we made it this time.  We’re together. We both made it.”
Don really thought I was his brother and he looked so happy. He was smiling from ear to ear and his face was radiant with joy. What could I say that wouldn’t ruin this moment for him? What could I say that would keep him happy and co-operative?
“The boat? Oh yes, the boat is uh, it’s over there. We have to go up through that path to get to it. The water here was too shallow so we had to park it in the deeper water over there.”
I was shaking inside and it all felt so foolish to talk this way but Don believed me and we needed that right now to keep him moving. He had such a trusting look on his face that it made my insides melt with passion towards him.  He had suffered for so long over his brother’s death and for these few minutes he was relieved of that burden, and whether it was right or wrong of us to do it, for these few minutes he was happy.
Meanwhile, Brad was hanging on my every word.
“You parked the boat, eh Pete? Have any problem finding a parking spot over there that says, ‘Parking for boats only’?”
“Very funny.”
“How much time did you put on the parking meter, Pete? I don’t want a parking ticket put on my boat.”
“Just get your boots on, James. And don’t forget your shades because soon you’ll be the Bradster again and I want to remember this moment.”
Don just sat there with a very peaceful and happy look on his face, and as he kept looking over at me he sniffed and wiped the tears from his eyes. I felt so sorry for him.
“I really thought you were a goner, Pete. Hurry up and get those boots on. I want to get back on the boat.”
I stood up and wrung the water out of as much of my shirt as I could without taking it off, and then I did the same with my shorts. It was actually refreshing to be wet since the air was so hot and dry. Brad pulled his shirt off and wrung it out as he continued to crack little jokes under his breath, and then we both sat back down and pulled on our socks and boots. After he’d rolled the rope back into a coil we gently lifted Don to his feet.  Brad squeezed the water out from Don’s clothes and then patted his shoulder.
“Okay, Don. Pete and I are going to take you back to the boat now so we can get on with our little mission and get you to safety.”
But Don shrugged Brad’s hand off and took a couple of steps towards the water. He gazed up into the sky and then looked back at us with a solemn look on his face.
“Better hurry, James.  It’s Pearl Harbour over there. They just dropped another bomb and everything’s burning.”



Chapter 8
Zephyr

I stood beside Don and gasped as I covered my mouth. I would never have guessed that the fire could have spread that fast.
“Oh my god, Brad, look at it! It’s so close. How could it spread that fast?”
Brad’s face flushed red and I knew that he was thinking the same thing I was.
“Okay, Sarah. Let’s grab Don and get out of here.”
“How far away do you think it is?”
“Couple miles, maybe. Can’t really tell from this angle, but it’s dry out here and it won’t take long for it to spread. Let’s go.”
We each took one of Don’s arms and led him up the rocky path to the main trail and he was eager in his own world to move fast, so that was good for us. We knew it would take at least thirty minutes to get back to the others since Don had become a bit flaccid from the fear of running from the enemy that was in his mind.
Suddenly the dream began to flood my own mind and a couple of times I was so taken up with the fear of it that I tripped on the path. I couldn’t get the notion of smothering out of my thoughts, and now it seemed as if that dream just might happen.
“You okay?”
“Yeah, Brad, just a little nervous, that’s all.”
“Yeah, me too.  We just need to get to the bridge so that we can beat it back to the house and get away from this.”
Just then Don tripped and said he wanted to take a break. He was panting and looking quite red in the face, and we were both concerned about him. After all he was in his early seventies and the pace was a bit much for a man his age. Brad helped him to sit on a tree stump to rest.
“Hey, you don’t go and have a heart attack or something on us now, okay man?”
Don looked up at Brad and shook his head.
“I’m just tired. I want to get out of here but the legs won’t move fast enough.”
After a minute or so, Brad became very fidgety and said we should continue on, so we both grabbed Don’s arms again and headed back onto the path. It was a bumpy trek with an uneven trail, stones of every size and lots of hidden potholes. And while that had become a significant challenge, so did the fear of smothering that was constantly flickering in my head.
We had to stop two other times before we got to the plateau which was just before the spot where we left the others. But when we got there, Don turned around in a panic and began to shout.
“They’re coming. I can feel it. We can’t stop them now. They’ll keep dropping bombs until they’ve got us all.”
Don’s face was distorted with fear and his eyes welled up with tears. He held onto my arm with both of his hands and I could feel him shaking. I wasn’t sure what to do. He was living in a real world to him that he’d once experienced and that had ended badly, and I wasn’t sure how to deal with him besides feel sorry for him.
The air was so still that I couldn’t hear a sound outside of the noises we were making. From the place we were standing, there was no sign of a fire and for that few seconds I was able to get my thoughts together and break myself from the fear that was slowly overtaking me. My lips trembled almost as much as my hands, but I put my right hand on Don’s shoulder to try and calm him anyway.
“Don, the fire is way behind us and we’re heading to safety, so just….”
But before I could finish, Don pushed my hand away and stood up to stare me right in the eyes. His voice grew loud and aggressive.
“Where’s the boat, Pete? The bombs are coming. Where’s the boat?”
I wasn’t sure how to answer Don, and so I looked at his eager face and then to Brad. After another few seconds of silence, Brad looked at the trees around us and then turned back to Don.
“Don, Pete and I left the boat over there a ways. We didn’t want to leave it out here for the bombers to find it.”
Don’s face relaxed and he sighed heavily as he nodded to Brad.
“Good thinking, boy, ‘cause those guys are real smart, you know. Well, let’s get going then.”
I was relieved that Don wanted to keep going even if it was for different reasons.  We took him by the arms again and continued along the path to the terrain where we’d left the others. But when we got there, my voice must have been more nervous than I wanted to let on.
“Where are they? They’re gone? Brad?”
Brad tapped my shoulder as he spoke calmly.
“It’s okay, Sarah, calm down. We’re okay. Remember Ali said that they might move into the shade over there more if it got too uncomfortable to wait here in the open? And that’s likely what they’ve done, so we just need to head over that way and meet up with them there.”
I felt so foolish. Ever since I began to really like Brad I’ve tried to impress him with the typical girl attributes that guys like, such as being beautiful and smart, and not crying over everything. And yet once again he’s looking at a girl whose hair is still wet and tangled from the water, whose fragrance is a blend of sweat and dirt and whose makeup is washed off. And to top it off, she can’t even say anything intelligent without stuttering.
I wanted to be his partner and not this useless tag-along who was more annoying than helpful. But it was getting difficult because the fire was real and it was threatening and getting closer, and it was making my dream of smothering a reality that was really beginning to scare me.
Don broke the silence when he pointed to some sticks that were set in a pattern on the log where he was sitting.
“What’s this? A bunch of arrows, it looks like. What do you think, Pete?”
Brad and I looked at the sticks at the same time and he snickered as he spoke.
“These are arrows that are pointing this way. I guess if we follow them we’ll find the others.”
The broken twigs were set out into three small arrows and I could see Meagan’s handiwork in them.
“That’s Meg. It’s her way of saying, ‘we’re over here’.  Well, I’m ready to go.”
Brad threw the rope around his shoulder again as he glanced behind us.
“Me too. Let’s go.”
We followed the path in the direction of the arrows and to where Ali said they’d go, and we didn’t get far before we noticed drops of blood on the ground. Don began to complain again that he was tired and so we stopped for a minute to let him rest on another broken tree limb.  Brad and I scouted the area for more blood drops and I found several.
“Look, Brad. The trail of blood leads up the path so they’ve headed to the shaded area like they said. Gees, I hope Grandpa is okay.”
Brad turned to the side and then back at me with one of his reassuring smiles.
“I’m sure he’s okay, Sarah. Ali and Meg are with him so he’s in good hands, and he’s in the shade. They’re probably just up there a short ways so we should get going. Ready, Don?”
We trekked along the path as quickly as we could and a few minutes later I saw the purple from Meagan’s shirt.
“There they are!”
We hustled over to where they were resting on some rocks and Meagan’s eyes almost popped out when she saw us. We crashed on the ground beside them as she squeezed my pony tail that still dripped water down my back.
“What happened to you guys? You look awful.”
We took another two-minute break to explain what we’d been through, but the whole time I couldn’t take my eyes off of Grandpa.
“Are you okay, Grandpa?”
He forced a smile but his face was obviously distorted with pain as he closed his eyes and cringed.
“Been better. How’s Don?”
Don was sitting on a log across from me and was staring at the sky behind us.
“He’s lost in the past, Grandpa. He thinks I’m his brother, Pete, and that Brad is your helper you sent to rescue him.”
“Yeah, he does that sometimes. That’s Don.”
Grandpa’s leg was covered in blood and infection that was leaking through the bandage. His face was white and I knew from the face expressions he was making that he was in a lot of pain.  I leaned in to Meagan and whispered.
“Meg, Grandpa doesn’t look well at all.”
Meagan shook her head and sighed as she watched Grandpa.
“I know. But what can we do? We’re doing everything we can to get him home. And it’s not him that’s slowing us down anyway, it’s Don.”
Brad sat down beside Ali and told him about the fire that we’d seen back at the lake.
“It’s really moving, man. Still a ways back but it’s huge and it’s headed this way.”
A second later, Ali handed Brad a backpack and tossed the other one over his own shoulder.
“Come on, let’s grab this stretcher and get moving. Us guys will carry the backpacks, and if you two are still okay with taking a corner to carry this stretcher, we’ll be able to trek faster and get out of here.” 
We all agreed and just as we were about to lift it, Brad looked at Don and motioned for us to wait while he unrolled his rope.
“Just to make sure he doesn’t go anywhere again, I’m going to keep this as a harness on him.”
But Don didn’t want the rope around him and began to slap at Brad’s hands.
“Hey, what are doing? You can’t take me. I’m not your prisoner. We get rescued, we don’t get taken. Let go of me.”
Brad gently rubbed Don’s arms.
“Don, it’s okay. You’re not a prisoner. We just don’t want to lose you. We have to get to the boat and in case you fall in the water, I can pull you out. Okay?”
Don sighed in relief and tapped Brad’s arm.
“Oh, okay. Good thinking, James.”
Meagan and Ali looked at each other and then he looked back and chuckled.
“James? Let me guess, James Bond.”
Brad squatted to pick up his end of the stretcher.
“It’s a long story, man, and I’ll tell you about it later. Meanwhile, grab an end and let’s go.”
We each took one end of the stretcher and lifted Grandpa up slowly. Ali and Meagan took the front end while Brad and I took the back end and Don walked in between us. Grandpa was every bit as heavy as he looked but we all agreed that carrying him was better for him than walking, and it would only be until we reached the bridge.
It was a slow and meticulous walk because the path was anything but smooth. The air was very still and hot and although I’d been pleasantly cool for that short time in the water, I was back to sweating and my clothes sticking to me. The sharp dead grass that seemed to pop out from nowhere along the trail scraped against my legs and made them sting even more than before.
Don carried on constantly about how the bombs were getting closer and how we had to hurry. The fear in his voice made me nervous and I had tried several times to see if the fire was in sight behind us but the overhanging trees wouldn’t allow me to see much beyond them. It was terrifying knowing that the forest was on fire behind us but not being able to see how close it was.
After some time Ali began shouting with enthusiasm.
“Hey, I see the bridge!”
It was such a relief to know that we were almost at the bridge, and after a few seconds I saw it myself. I knew that once we got across the bridge, we could get on with our original plan to leave two of us with Grandpa and Don while the other two ran to the house for help.
The bridge crossed the river in what seemed to be the only place where it bottlenecked. On the left where we’d just come from it was slightly narrow but only for a short distance and then the river opened wide so there was a great distance between the two sides. And on the right side going away from us the river opened wide and the forest turned to the right so you’d need a canoe to get across.  The only link between the sides was the metal bridge that won’t burn so it gave me a bit of comfort as I assumed that it would keep us safe from the fire.
As we edged down towards the bridge I looked back down the river in the direction that we had just come from and I was almost paralyzed with fear. The flames were bursting through the density of smoke that covered the sky, and it seemed so much closer than before. I struggled to walk because I wasn’t paying attention and it caused everyone to stop and look, as well. Ali put his hand his eyes to block out the sun.
“Wow, it really is getting close. Maybe we should rethink two of us running ahead and just keep going so we can all get right out of here. Anyway, let’s keep going and get across this.”
I agreed with Ali because I knew that I didn’t want to be one of the two left behind to wait for a rescue team.  I turned to say something to Meagan and that’s when I noticed her leg.
“Meg, you’re limping. Are you going to be able to keep this up?”
“Well yeah it hurts, but we have bigger things to worry about right now.”
“Sorry, I know, it was a dumb question.”
“It’s okay, Sarah, I know what you mean. It’s just that I really don’t have any choice.”
Don slowed down as he walked between Brad and I, and he quickly became very fidgety. When he saw me looking at him he began to shout that we were all going to die. The distant smoke and threat of fire had made him panic and he tried to run away but Brad had hold of him by the rope.  We had to lay Grandpa on the ground so that Brad could get control of Don again, but he kept yelling.
“Let go of me. I have to get to the boat. The bombs are coming. The bombs are coming.”
That just sparked the panic that was lingering inside me and it sent waves of fear spiking up and down my back. Don saw the distance fire as bombs but regardless of how he interpreted it, we were still in a dangerous position.  Brad took hold of Don’s shoulders. 
 “Hey, we’re going to be okay. You have to settle down.”
“The boat, James, where’s the boat? They’re going to get us if we don’t get in the boat.”
“It’s just across the bridge and down the path. We’re almost there.”
Ali looked curiously at Brad.
“What boat is he talking about?”
Brad shook his head at Ali.
“You know, the rescue boat on the other side of the bridge?”
I realized that Don was old and scared, but I was worried that if he continued to have these panic attacks, it was going to take us hours to get out of the forest. And the anxious look on Ali’s face said that he was just as concerned.
“Hey man, is he going to be okay now?”
Brad continued to rub Don’s arms as he nodded.
“For the moment, but I’m not sure how long we can keep him this way.”
Don seemed to have calmed down so we each lifted our corner of the stretcher and continued towards the bridge. Before we could get on it, though, Grandpa began to whine loudly.
“I feel sick. I can’t feel my toes. My leg is killing me. God, it hurts.”
I patted his good leg gently and told him that we’d be home soon and that he should just relax. He never opened his eyes but he kept groaning and I knew from the wet and bloodied bandages on his leg that he was in a lot of pain. The infection was getting worse by the minute, and for the first time I actually began to worry that he might lose his leg if we didn’t get him to a doctor soon.
The sun was right above us and the heat rays were penetrating like hot razors through my skin.  I was glad that we were finally going to get to the other side where there was more shade from the trees since the forest was much denser on the other side. Just looking at it from this side gave me hope that we’d soon be home.
“Wow, it looks so much cooler over there, and it’s so nice to finally have a breeze to cool us down.”
Meagan turned sharply and glared at me.
“What did you say?”
“I said it was nice to have a breeze to cool us down?”
The echo of my own voice sent chills up and down my spine. There was a breeze and it was coming at us in the same direction as the fire.



Chapter 9
Blood Trail

Now I knew why the fire was moving so fast towards us and that made my chest pound even harder. I took a couple of deep breaths just as Meagan yelled that we should get going, so we edged our way carefully down to the bridge. But as bad luck would have it, the bridge was too narrow and so we had to stop.
Ali suggested that he and Brad should carry Grandpa by themselves across the bridge, and that Meagan and I should help Don to cross. It was the most logical way to get across and under normal circumstances this would have the perfect plan.
Unfortunately, as soon as the guys were manoeuvring themselves to take hold of our ends of the stretcher, Grandpa began to groan loudly and cry out so painfully that it stirred the hairs on the nape of my neck. His face turned red as he cringed again and cried even louder in agony.  The guys quickly backed up and lowered him onto the dried grass on the river bank.
Huge tears seeped from his eyes and trickled down his sweaty face. He waved his right arm aimlessly towards his wounded leg that now reeked with a rotten stench.  Meagan talked to him but he didn’t respond. He collapsed and appeared almost lethargic as the tears stopped and his whole body began to shiver.
Meagan grabbed my arm.
“Sarah, look at his leg. We’re going to have to stop it from bleeding before we take another step.”
“Do we have time for this, Meg? I mean, you know, all things considered.”
“Sarah, if we don’t get the bleeding to stop or at least slow down, he’s not going to make it. Look at it.”
I put my hand on Grandpa’s face and he was really hot with a fever. His leg was drenched in blood and infection and I knew Meagan was right, and that we had to do something now. But instinctively, I looked at the fire in the distance to the left of us and it seemed even closer than before, and I was scared.
“Let’s just get him across first where it will be a bit safer and where there’s shade and then I’ll clean up his wound and do something to help stop the bleeding. Okay?”
Meagan huffed as she rubbed Grandpa’s hand.
“I guess so.”
“It’ll be okay, Meg. It’ll take us less than a minute to cross this and then we can take care of it over there.  We’ll do it as soon as we get across, I promise, but I really think we should get across first.”
 It was at that moment that Don’s mind came back to the real world. He saw the bridge and began to yell and swear at us. He slapped at Brad who was trying to calm him down and then wrapped himself around a young tree trunk so that Brad couldn’t even peel him off of it.
He kept repeating that the bridge would break and that we’d all die, and the more the guys tried to calm him down, the more frantic he became.  This went on for several minutes and the fear in Don’s voice got Grandpa crying again. He mumbled several times that his leg was really hurting and felt as if it was going to burst.
Ali turned to me in frustration and pulled the first aid box out of his backpack.
“Just take care of your grandfather. We’re not going anywhere in a hurry anyway so just do what you can to help him and we’ll try to pry this guy from the tree so I can just carry him across.”
Meagan opened the first aid box and took out the last of the bandages as she took a deep breath and stared at me.
“Ready?”
I knew what that meant. What she was saying was, ‘are you ready to do it?’ I held my breath and my nostrils flinched at the sickening stench that was permeating from his leg. I tried not to breathe while I unravelled the saturated bandage, and I almost threw up when I saw his leg.
“Oh geez. This is disgusting.”
Ali left Don with Brad and squatted beside us. He took out the last two tissues to wipe off the green infection that was all over the wound.
“These bandages aren’t going to do any good. It won’t keep this covered so I’ll use them to finish wiping off all this crap.”
Meagan handed him the bandages reluctantly.
“Well, what are we going to wrap his leg with? We can’t just leave it open like this.”
“It’s okay, Meg. We’ll use my shirt. We can wrap it around his leg and then tie it tight and hopefully that’ll stop some of this bleeding. Okay, where’s the disinfectant?”
My hands were shaking as I handed Ali the small bottle of iodine.
“There’s not much left.”
“Well, it’ll have to do. Better than nothing. Oh crap. Look at all the blood that’s dripping from his leg already. We have to work fast.”
Ali pulled off his grey t-shirt and laid it under Grandpa’s leg, and then poured the iodine over the wound. Grandpa grabbed the sides of the stretcher and screamed out in pain which sent cold shivers up and down my back. There was still so much infection there and it was bleeding steadily, but Ali wrapped his shirt tightly around Grandpa’s leg, and said that at least keep the bleeding down for a little while.
Meagan rubbed Ali’s shoulder and tried to smile at him.
“Thanks, Ali. We really appreciate you helping Grandpa like this.”
Ali shook his head and pointed to Grandpa’s leg.
“Look how red it is all around here. It’s almost at his knee. This is not a good sign and it means that the infection is likely already in his blood. I just hope that wolf didn’t have rabies.”
Rabies!
Those words made my whole body shudder with fear. I’d never even given any thought to the wolf having rabies. Now I was really worried about Grandpa.  Meagan looked as if she was about to pass out so I pulled her over to the side a few feet away. Her eyes welled up as she spoke.
“Sarah, this is awful. The smell, the sight, gees, I think I’m going to throw up.”
I looked back at Ali who was collecting all the rotten bandages into a pile on the ground and I motioned for him to just give us a minute to recoup.  We both took a couple of really deep breaths and then she tried to speak through her quivering lips in her own way to break the tension.
“Mom always wanted me to be a nurse and I couldn’t make her understand that this stuff really gets to me. Can you picture me working in the ER?”
I’d never thought of Meagan as a nurse any more than I thought of myself as being one. She has always wanted to create her own line in dress design, and my dream has always been to become an architect. I love taking pictures, but my goal is to design homes and hotels. I tried to lighten the moment.
“Yeah, I can see you in ER, only your purpose would be to show off and design all the uniforms. But as a nurse, well I wouldn’t want to be your patient.”
Meagan forced a smile as she pulled the clip from her hair and used her trembling fingers to comb it back up and pin it again.
“Just seeing Grandpa like this is horrible. I hope we get him back soon.”
I stretched my arm around Meagan’s shoulder and gave her a quick hug.
“Me, too.”
A minute later we walked back to the others and told them we were ready to continue on. And that’s when Don went ballistic again.
“Oh, no you don’t.  I’m not going on that bridge. Oh no. Get off of me.”
He tried to untie the rope but Brad grabbed his hands and literally wrestled with him for about half a minute.
“Don, it’s the only way to safety. God, I thought we were done with this nonsense.”
“No, the bridge is evil. Bad things will happen when we get on it. We’ll all be killed. There must be another way across.”
“There isn’t. This is it. Now either you walk or I’ll carry you but we’re crossing this bridge now. Do you hear me?”
Don backed up a few feet and managed to wrap himself around the small tree again as he continued to shout.
“No, I can’t. And you’re not carrying me either. I won’t go.”
By this time Ali was getting anxious to cross and yelled for Brad to leave him.
“Let’s just leave him with the girls for a second while we carry this once across the bridge, and then one of us can stay there while the other comes back here for this guy.”
Brad handed me the rope and shrugged.
“Sounds good to me.”
 Brad shook his head as he looked at Don behind him, who was still wrapped around the tree.
“I’ll be back for you in a minute.”
Meagan and I stood beside Don as the guys lifted the stretcher and stepped up and onto the swing bridge. Even though the bridge seemed long, it was solid with high mesh sides so they were able to carry him safely across it without worrying about slipping or falling. We watched as they took one step at a time, slowly but surely, and with each one the bridge swayed slightly. I was relieved that finally Grandpa was getting across and soon we’d be on our way back home.
At one point they stopped and both looked to the left of them. Filled with curiosity, Meagan and I took a few steps closer to the bridge to see what they were looking at and we both gasped.
“Meg, it’s getting closer by the minute.  This is getting really creepy.”
Meagan grabbed my arm and motioned for me to step back with her towards Don.
“You know, Sarah, I was watching a Discovery show on TV a few weeks ago about forest fires, and this guy said that he was trapped in a forest fire, and that once the wind picked up where he was, the entire forest was in flames within about two hours.”
“Two hours? If that’s true then that fire will be here in a few minutes.”
“I know and that’s why we have to stay calm because we need to get out of here safely, and this issue here is going to really be a problem if he doesn’t start co-operating.”
Don suddenly became very quiet as he leaned against the tree.
“Don, are you okay?”
He looked at me with blank expression and then shifted his eyes back and forth.
“You hear that?”
Meagan and I looked at each other and then towards the guys on the bridge and then behind us.  I couldn’t hear anything but then we’d also been talking, and on top of that my ears were ringing from all the stress. But Don was insistent that he could something and I tried to hear what he was hearing, but I couldn’t hear anything. I thought it was his imagination starting up again.
“Hear what, Don? I don’t hear anything.”
“There’s something in those trees behind us.”
That gave me an instant adrenaline rush.
“The fire? You can hear the fire? Oh no, is it that close?”
“No. Not fire.”
Meagan was already uptight from the suspense and she snapped at him.
“What noise? What are you talking about? I don’t hear anything.”
Don cocked his head slightly and put his finger up as if to tell us to be quiet.
“Hear it? Crackling. There’s something behind us.”
He was adding even more fear to my already jittering insides, and just listening to his frightened voice sent goose bumps up and down my arms.  Whatever it was that he was hearing was very real to him and the fear it brought on was becoming very real to Meagan and I, too. I had to say something to stop this from getting out of hand.
“There’s nothing behind us, Don. All the animals and birds are gone, remember? Grandpa and the guys are almost across the bridge and we’re next. We’re fine. We’re going to get across it and then home. Okay? And the fire is still way over there.”
“No, we’re not okay. Something is behind us in those buses behind those trees and it’s getting closer.”
My nerves were now almost raw with fear. I began wondering what it could be that he was hearing but I brushed off any possibilities because I really couldn’t deal with any more challenges right now. Meagan, on the other hand, became angry at Don for adding more stress to an already horrible situation.
“Don, I’ve had enough of your nonsense, okay? I’m not a foolish teenager and we didn’t have to come out here for you guys. We could have just said who cares and stayed at home. But we came out for you and the least you could do is stop trying to freak us out. I don’t hear any noise and what you’re trying to do is make us more scared than we already are, but you know what? I’m already too darned scared to care about anything else except getting out of here.”
Just then, we could hear Ali’s distant voice echoing from the other side of the bridge as he yelled to us and then waved. We all looked over at him and I was so relieved just knowing that Grandpa was out of the direct path of the fire.
“Meg, they made it. Okay, let’s stop this nonsense and get ready to cross.”
We watched as Brad came running across the bridge by himself with his hands just gliding along the railings.  The bridge was swaying back and forth and I knew that if we didn’t have this dilemma that he could actually have enjoyed his little jaunt. He jumped off and came up to us and took the rope from Meagan.
“Okay, let’s go. Meg, you and Sarah get going and we’ll follow you.”
But Don had no intensions of moving. He stood with his back to the tree and his arms wrapped around the trunk behind him.  His face was white and without expression.
“We’re dead if we go and we’re dead if we stay. I hate fires. I don’t want to die in a fire.”
Brad tried to loosen Don’s arms.
“Well, neither do we, so that’s why I’m going to carry you across to where there is no fire. You can keep your eyes closed and we’ll be across in no time.”
Brad pulled Don’s arms off the tree and picked him up around his legs and then flung him over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes.  Meagan jumped onto the bridge first but when she turned to say something, she stopped and turned a million shades of white. She didn’t say a word. I was standing beside Brad and I asked her what was wrong but she didn’t answer. She just stared behind us as she slowly lifted her hand and pointed.
Brad and I both turned and stared into the woods. I had no idea what Meagan was referring to.
“Do you see anything, Brad? I don’t. The fire’s still way over there.”
Brad stared straight ahead into the woods and then down to the ground. His eyes followed the path that we had just come from and then spoke in a sombre voice.
“They smell the blood.”
Brad was now wearing his own shade of white, and I quickly searched the woods with my eyes to see what they were looking at. He grabbed my arm and whispered as he pushed me.
“Move slow and get on the bridge. Now!”
I glanced back at the tall, dry grass that was spread out between the trees and I saw them staring at me, wolves with eyes that pierced my soul.



Chapter 10
Swing of Fear

Brad reached out slowly with his left hand and then gently pushed me again to move onto the bridge. He stared at me with his head tipped down as he spoke quietly.
“Sarah, get on the bridge. Walk steady and fast.  In about ten seconds we’re gonna rock this thing back and forth.”
“But Brad…”
“Get on the bridge. Maybe we can scare these things into staying off of it. But you have to swing with me. Tell Meg to swing with us. Now get on and move fast.”
I turned around slowly, trying not to lose my balance with my rubbery legs as I took hold of cold railings with my clammy hands. Meagan was just a few feet ahead of me but she was moving fast and steady. I was trying to walk evenly but my insides were shaking so much that my legs were trembling with each step.
I tried to call Meagan as loud as I could shout in a whisper.
“Meg? Can you hear me?”
“Yeah, just keep walking, Sarah.”
“Did you see them?”
“Yeah, why do think I’m moving so fast?”
“Meg, slow down. Listen, we’re going to swing the bridge to scare them off. Hold on and get ready.”
“What?”
I was straining my ears to listen for Brad behind me but I couldn’t hear anything so I turned my head around as far as I could to see him.  He was right behind me, walking steady with Don wrapped around him like a frightened child. Brad had his hands on both of the side rails and was about six feet onto the bridge. He was walking sure and steady towards me but I looked behind him and fear shot through my chest like bolts of lightning. One of the wolves had stepped onto bridge.
I gasped loudly and turned back to catch myself before I stumbled over my own feet, and that’s when I heard Brad shout.
“Now!”
All three of us held on tightly to the rails and rocked the bridge so that it bounced around and swung about two feet out on either side. I had done this for fun on a few other hikes and laughed uncontrollably as the thrill gave me such an adrenaline rush. But the bridges were shorter and it was all done in fun, so it was very different.  This time it was to stay alive and the only rush I got was the fear of dying.
I heard the closest wolf yelp a few times and then I heard Brad yell for us to keep walking and rocking. I walked as quickly as was possible on the bridge that was being tossed from side to side, but my legs were filled with pins and needles and it was hard to move them.
My ears were ringing with fear and I was struggling to hold onto the rails. Part of me wanted to look to the left to see how much the fire had spread, and the other part of me wanted to turn around and see if this scare tactic was working on the wolves. I knew that normally wolves did not like to travel on these kinds of bridges, but these didn’t seem like normal wolves, otherwise they would have fled the forest with the other animals.
Don began to scream and his voice sent goose bumps all over my body. At first, I thought maybe one of the wolves had got to him and that’s when my chest really began to pound. But then I heard him shouting out profanities to them and I knew by his voice tone and the words that he was just cussing them.
I wanted to turn around and look but that would have made it too easy to lose my balance, and even though the sides of this bridge were covered with a metal mesh, I didn’t want to trip or cause Brad to trip which give the wolves an advantage over us. It took all of my concentration to just keep walking and not stumble.
I knew it was going to be a long trip crossing this bridge.  I kept my head down and my eyes straight ahead. It was only another few feet until Meagan would be off but it felt as if it would take forever for me to get to that point. Somehow she was able to just sail right across it and she was way ahead of me.
The bridge was swaying aggressively now and even though I didn’t want to do it, I tipped my head slightly to the left and looked at the fire in the distance. It was definitely closer now, and the smoke was hugging the water’s edge as it burned towards us, while its rolling clouds reached up high into the heavens. That made my insides shake even more and for a few seconds I couldn’t even move.
I forced myself to focus on the bridge and a second later I slid my hands very slowly along the rails, still rocking the bridge as best as I could with my feet as I pressed down one rubbery leg at a time.  I felt as if my whole life was hinging on the balances of ‘what ifs’, and I was beginning to wonder if we really were going to get out of this whole trip safely.
Meagan was still moving as quickly as she could in front of me and I knew she’d be at the end soon. I turned slightly to look at Brad behind me and that’s when I noticed out of the corner of my eye that he wasn’t there.  I stretched my neck as much as I could to see where he was and that’s when I knew that Murphy’s Law seemed to just follow us around like a plague at times.
Don had somehow managed to get out of Brad’s grasp and was trying to climb over the side rail to jump off. Brad had his one arm wrapped around Don’s chest trying to pull him off while holding on to the other rail with the other hand. The bridge shook and jerked as Brad struggled with Don and yelled for him to get down. Don yelled back that he needed to get on the boat.
When I turned around to go back to them, I lost my balance and fell to the floor of the bridge and landed on my right hip and leg. That’s when the view of the encroaching fire really grabbed my attention and filled me with the fear of death. The flames shot fiercely high above the tallest tree and it was already at the edge of the water where we had rescued Don. The smoke had rolled even further since I looked a minute ago.
It took me a few seconds to regain my own composure and that’s when I got on my knees and with my right hand, took hold of the railing and pulled myself up. I swung my left arm around and grabbed the other railing to face Brad and then took a few short steps towards him. As much as I wanted to keep going so I could get to the other side of the bridge, I knew that Brad needed help, so I held my breath and moved closer towards him.
I had to retract about twenty feet to get back to where they were and I could see the veins just popping out of Brad’s neck as he struggled to hold onto Don.  I finally made it to Don’s side and took hold of one of his arms.
“Don, get down. Come on!”
“No, there’s the boat. I have to get on the boat before those tanks get on the bridge.”
I had to think fast. Don was back in the world in his mind and for us right now, this just might turn out to be a good thing.  The onus was on me now to keep his thoughts there so that I could convince him that there was a boat waiting on the other side of the bridge. But first, I had to convince myself that this wasn’t wasting our precious time and giving the wolves the opportunity to get to us.  I kept hold of his arm and pulled him as I talked to him.
“Don, it’s me, Pete. Come with me. James has the boat over there. Hurry, he’s waiting for us.”
I tried to turn to where the others were and all I could really see was Meagan almost at the end.
“See, over there? Can you see the boat over there? It’s waiting for us.”
Don turned with an angry scowl on his face and shouted at me.
“You think I’m stupid? There’s no boat over there. It’s down in the water. I can see it. Let’s go before the bombs get us.”
Just then he jerked forward and he almost broke loose of my grasp as he tried to lift his leg over the side railing. Brad wrapped his arm around his waist tighter and pulled him as he yelled.
“No, Don, that’s an enemy boat. Ours is back here. Listen, they’re calling for you. If we don’t hurry up, they’ll leave without us.”
“Where?”
I pulled on his arm and we got Don to stand on the bridge again.
“Behind us. Can you see it? The boat is there and they’re waiting for you.”
After what seemed like minutes of fighting with him, Don stopped and faced Ali on the far side of the bridge. My voice was trembling so much that at first I wasn’t sure if I was even speaking clear enough for him to understand me, but I guess I was because he leaned his head forward and strained to look where I was pointing.
“He’s getting the boat there, eh Pete?”
“Yes, and we have to hurry so we can get on.”
Ali was waving in our direction and that helped us to convince Don that he was actually waving at him to hurry and get on the boat.  Don trembled and his eyes welled up with tears. Brad still had hold of him around his waist but I could see that even he was relaxing slightly even though his face and arms were coated in sweat. I held onto Don’s arm with one hand and picked up the slack of the rope with the other one.
“Okay, Don, we’re going to walk towards Ali, okay?”
Don looked back towards the fire and his voice broke.
“The bombs are so close now, Pete. Where are the others?”
I realized that we needed to get Don calmed down so that he could regain some confidence before he would take one single step across the bridge. But at the same time, every second we waited was another second for the wolves to gain on us.
Brad lifted the bottom of his shirt and wiped the drops of sweat away from his eyes.
“Okay, enough. Grab him and let’s go.”
I pulled Don towards me and he wrapped his injured arm around my shoulder while his other hand was burning into the railing.
“Okay, let go of the railing a little bit so we can walk. I’ll walk with you but we have to hurry.”
“I know. I know. But we’re going to have to duck to stay out of the way of the bombers.”
Brad took a deep breath and tried to look behind us.
“Maybe I should just carry him. It’ll be faster.”
I knew that would be the best way but Don began to yell that he wanted to walk by himself. Then he pointed to the fire in the distance and began to cry.
“They’re coming. Oh god, Pete, they’re coming. You can’t die again. You just can’t die again.”
Brad glanced over at the fire and then at me.
“I don’t care how we do it but we have to get across this thing now.”
He pushed Don sharply and that’s when he began to walk on his own with one arm wrapped around mine. I looked ahead at how far we had to go yet to get off the bridge and to get to the others. Meagan was on the other side with Ali and Grandpa and we were almost half-way across. That’s when I noticed Ali running towards us with something in his hand but I couldn’t tell what it was.
We were walking too slowly even though we were swaying the bridge as we went, and we needed to speed up. Brad tried to grab Don around the waist to carry him but he reacted like a spoiled child and began to shout and cry and slap at Brad’s hands. I just wanted to scream because we were in a lot of danger and we had such a long way to go to get to safety. Don’s paranoia was keeping us from moving more than a few inches at a time, and it almost seemed as if we were moving backwards.
Ali was at my side a few seconds later and told me that he’d help Brad get Don across and that I should go join the others. I was trying to let go of Don and as I tried to leave, he began to shout in a voice that rattled my nerves.
“No, Pete! Don’t leave me. They’ll kill me if you leave me here. Look at the bombs. Look at the tanks. They’re coming for us. Don’t leave me.”
His words made my skin crawl.  The bridge was jerking sideways aggressively from all the commotion we were making and I lost my balance and fell again. Ali reached out his arm to help me up and that’s when my heart almost fell out.
As I was pushing myself to my feet, I looked behind Brad and screamed out in shock as I saw what was behind him. I sat on the floor of the bridge with my heart pounding so hard that I thought it would break my chest. I’m not sure if I was breathing or not but what I do know is that I couldn’t move and my ears pulsated with fearful thumping.
I swallowed hard and stared into the eyes of an oncoming wolf that was only about twelve feet away as it crept slowly and surely towards us. Its fangs were jutted out of its daunting mouth and foamy drops of saliva drooled down its protruding jaw. I felt as if someone had dumped a bucket of ice all over me and I was too frozen to move.
For a few short seconds, I couldn’t hear anything and I couldn’t feel anything around me. I felt as if I was trapped in a soundproof room that terrorized me. I swallowed again as my thoughts told me to get up. But I couldn’t. I was totally mesmerized by the scraggly black and grey wolf that edged slowly towards me. And that’s when I realized that he was the leader because the rest of the pack was right behind him.



Chapter 11
Glowing Pains

Its eyes stared into mine, almost as if it was trying to hypnotize me, and for a couple of seconds I felt locked into its power.  I couldn’t move and that’s when Ali reached down and pulled me to my feet.
“Get back to Meagan. Run as fast as you can and get off this bridge. Move!”
He pushed me behind him and then twisted the flare that he’d been carrying in his hand. I watched as it burst into bright, dancing flames and shot bullets of fire straight ahead. Ali walked slowly behind Brad and waved the flare in front of him as he aimed the shots of fire at the wolves. The leader stepped back quickly and growled. The others turned and yelped as they ran off the bridge.
Ali edged slowly towards the leader that didn’t want to heed to the fire he waved in his hands. But Ali was persistent and continued to creep closer and closer, and a few seconds later the wolf began to yelp as it backed up. Ali shrieked at it with a loud, penetrating bawl as he waved the flare frantically in front of him.
The wolf turned and ran off the bridge and then stood in the distance with the other three wolves. Ali jammed the back end of the flare into the strips of metal that criss-crossed on the floor of the bridge and then stood back to watch. It continued to shoot bright flames that hissed and splattered at the wolves. I watched as I walked slowly backwards and a few seconds later the wolves retreated back into the dry grass of the forest.
Brad wrapped his arm around Don and yelled for me to run, so I turned and with both hands on the side rails, I ran as fast as my rubbery legs would let me. I could hear Brad huffing and puffing right behind me, and a few minutes later I jumped off the end of the bridge and ran towards Meagan who was sitting on the ground holding Grandpa’s hand.
A few seconds later Brad climbed down from the bridge with Ali right behind him.  They showed Don where to rest and then they both plopped down onto the ground beside us.  Brad was still huffing as he wiped his face with his shirt.
“Everyone okay?”
We all looked at each other and nodded and that’s when I saw the beads of sweat streaming down Brad’s face.
“We should be asking you guys that. Brad, are you okay?”
“Yeah, just a little worn out from all the fun we’re having.”
Brad handed Meagan the rope and then drew his knees into his chest as he leaned forward to catch his breath.
“Wish we could dismantle this bridge and kind of keep those things on that side.”
Ali kept his eye on the bridge.
“Yeah, that would be great but I don’t have a metal saw in this bag and that’s the only way we’re going to take it down. That flare should keep going for at least ten or twelve minutes before it starts to burn out. And hopefully, those things would have clued in and taken off long before then.”
Brad nodded as he put his cap back on his head.
“I don’t think they’ll stick around. They can sense the fire behind them and they’re afraid of the flares so they’re likely long gone by now.”
I clung to the hope in Brad’s words as I sat on the ground shaking beside Grandpa. He was really warm and it seemed as if he’d digressed a lot in the few minutes we were stuck on the bridge. His face was whiter and laden with stress. I knew he was in a lot of pain even though he wasn’t saying anything.  He just laid there and groaned with each breath he took.
Brad asked if we were ready to keep going and that’s when I looked up at the sky to the right of us in the direction of the fire. It was filled with mounds of greyish-brown rolling smoke that was highlighted with bright yellow and orange. It reached above the clouds and stretched over the water. Brad was right and we had to get moving.
For a few seconds no one said a word, and then Ali stood up and handed Meagan his backpack as he wiped his forehead with his hand again. Meagan was holding the rope that was wound around Don and Brad picked up the loose end of it that was on the ground and then handed the coil to me.
“Here, Sarah, he’s all yours. Ali and I will carry your grandfather. Who’s got the other bag?”
Meagan picked it up off the ground and I took it and flung it on my back. She was worried that the wolves might try to cross again, but Ali reassured her that they had no idea that the flares would eventually burn out and that they wouldn’t be waiting around, especially when the fire was moving in so quickly.
Just then, there was a loud pop that echoed from the other side of the river.  The flames were clear and moving quickly through the forest. The only consolation we had was that it would hopefully continue in a straight path and not reach across the river at this narrow point. The bridge couldn’t burn so that gave me a bit of confidence that the fire was contained to the other side of the river.
Ali pulled another flare out of his backpack and handed it to Meagan.
“Here, Meg, hold on to this. I really don’t think you have to worry about the wolves anymore because they won’t cross the bridge with those flares there, and they’re going to be running to save themselves. But just so you know what to do, you twist it like this and then point it away from you.  And I’m just a few feet ahead of you, anyway, so just yell if you think they’re behind us.”
Meagan nodded with a blank look on her face.
“Yeah, sure. No problem.”
Ali leaned over and gave her a quick hug and a kiss on the cheek.
“That’s my girl. You show them who’s boss.”
Then he motioned for Brad to pick up his end of the stretcher. As they lifted Grandpa up, Brad turned to me and then glanced over to Don.
“Look, if he gets to be too much let me know, okay? The path is really narrow here but when we get to the other side of that little hill over there it gets wider, so we can all grab a corner again and I’ll hold on to Don. Okay?”
“Yeah, we’re okay with that, Brad. Right, Meg? We’ll be right behind you.”
I wasn’t totally okay with it, though, because I still had this reservation about the wolves crossing the bridge and coming after us. I looked back several times before we actually started walking and there was no sign of the wolves anywhere, and Ali must have known that Meagan and I were a bit worried so he yelled back for us to relax.
Meagan and I each took one of Don’s arms and pointed him in the direction of the guys. He was busy looking around, and I’m not sure at what because there was a lot going on inside his head that I didn’t know about.
“Come on, Don. You don’t have to worry. Ali says the wolves are gone so we’re okay now. Let’s follow them and get to the boat.”
Don was still very fidgety and he walked methodically and suspiciously, almost as if the path was a dangerous trail. And then he relaxed a bit but became totally absorbed in surveying everything around us.
“Where’s the boat, Pete? I don’t see it?”
I took a deep breath as I held onto his arm a little tighter.
“It’s just over there, Don. They’re waiting for us but we have to hurry.”
“Yeah, well the water’s down there. What are we going up here for?”
Meagan was walking slightly ahead of us as she pulled Don up the slanted path.
“The dock is over here, just on the other side of this hill. Come on, we have to hurry up and get there.”
The uphill trek was slow and painful and my legs were aching from climbing the uneven path while trying to dodge the potholes. We were practically dragging Don along the trail because he was taking short and uneasy steps, and he was constantly stopping to see what was in the grass.
“There’s grenades hidden in the grass. We have to be careful. They’ll blow us to pieces, you know.”
We had to coach him constantly to keep walking as we took turns assuring him that there weren’t any grenades in the grass. And even though the guys were carrying Grandpa, they were already yards ahead of us.
I found myself looking back quite often in spite of what Ali had said just to make sure the wolves weren’t following us. That provoked my stomach into churning even more as it fought off the jitters of fear, while at the same time warding off the continuing hunger pangs that reminded me we hadn’t eaten since yesterday.
Meagan was trying to maintain her ‘nothing-bothers-me’ attitude but I knew her only too well and she was as scared as I was. I caught her looking back a few times and I couldn’t blame her for being nervous. But after several minutes I began to think that Ali was right, and that the wolves were long gone.
We walked a bit further and then out of reflex I looked over towards the river. And that’s when I saw an even greater reason to be afraid. I handed Meagan the rope as I stared at the distant sky.
“Here, hold on to him. I just want to check something.”
I pushed through some broken trees and headed about twenty feet down towards the edge of the river.  The smoke was thick and it was rolling in like massive brown clouds across the water. I couldn’t see much of anything else except for the bright flames that pierced through it as it carried the ominous sounds of wood that crackled and snapped on the other side of the water.
I stretched over the edge as much as I could to see where we had just come from. It was visible in the distance through the layers of smoke and when I saw the bridge, my chest pounded and I ran up through the briar to get back to Meagan.
“Meg, you know where we just came from on the other side of the bridge? It’s totally covered in smoke – not really thick but the smoke is all over the place. And I saw the flashes of the flare on the bridge that’s still going. We have to get out of here.”
That was all the incentive we needed and so we each grabbed one of Don’s arms and hustled him along the path. Meagan’s voice trembled as we walked.
“Well, at least we know that the wolves aren’t behind us. One less evil we have to worry about, right? Mind you, this is more challenging than I’d bargained for and I sure wish we were at home already – and I mean home in Bearsfield.”
I knew what she meant and I felt exactly the same way. But as we ran along the rugged path I knew that it was likely going to be our greatest challenge just to get out of here alive.  I couldn’t believe how fast the fire was moving and I was so thankful that we left the bridge when we did or we’d be trapped there.
I was going to make another comment when Brad shouted at us.
“Everything okay with Don?”
I looked up and waved to him.
“Yeah, we’re coming.”
“Are you sure?”
“Yeah, we’re okay. We’re coming.”
We held Don’s arms even tighter and practically pulled him along the stony path, and several minutes later we were all at the plateau at the top of the one hill. I told the guys what I had seen and Ali told us to wait there while he checked something out. Brad ran after him and left Meagan and I squatted beside Grandpa and Don. Grandpa didn’t say anything but he groaned and whined loudly, and his leg looked even worse than before.
“Meg, look at his leg. That red line there, the one Brad told us about, see it?”
“Oh my god, it’s wider and longer. That means the infection’s spreading.”
We tried to comfort Grandpa but nothing worked. He was groaning loudly and tears were streaming down his dirty face. Don was frantic and began yelling that we had to hide.  Meagan’s cut was still bleeding and she tried dabbing it with her shirt to clean it. We were both rubbing our legs that were red and stinging from top to bottom from the scratches and the dirt and sweat that coated them.
A minute later the guys returned and Ali scratched his head as he looked around nervously. Meagan looked up at him and then stood at his side.
“Ali, what is it? What’s wrong?”
“The fire is getting closer, Meg. It’s spreading faster than we can run.”
“Yeah, but it’s on the other side, so we’re okay, right?”
Ali didn’t answer. Instead he looked up the trail and then back across the river.
“We have to run like crazy and hope that we can get around that bend up there as soon as possible. That’s the point that the river gets really wide and we should be clear of direct shooting ambers at that point.”
I pushed myself off the ground and stood in front of Ali.
“What are shooting ambers? What do you mean?”
Ali took a deep breath and ran his hand through his short, dark hair.
“As the fire grows, the heat builds up and gets so hot that it produces gases that become even more fuel for it. Then as the fire spreads onto the trees, the heat gets so fierce that it literally explodes parts of the burning branches or stumps and shoots them into the air.”
Brad moved in beside me and gently rubbed my back, and that’s the only thing that kept me from falling over with fear. I swallowed several times to stop myself from crying as I looked towards the fire. We still had at least two hours of trekking ahead of us just to get back to the house. Ali’s words put the fear of death in me and everything inside me trembled.
Meagan turned to me slowly and nodded.
“That’s true. They said that on that special I watched on TV about forest fires. The guy said they can shoot hundreds of feet in any direction. He said that’s how forest fires spread so quickly, because they shoot these things and wherever they land it just begins to burn.”
I could feel my eyes welling up and my thoughts were all over the place.
“But it can’t shoot across the water. That’s too far, right?”
I looked at Brad waiting for him to say that it couldn’t possibly do that and that we were totally safe, but instead his answer startled me.
“Well, here maybe but not back there where the bridge is. It’s so narrow by the bridge and all around there that if the ambers shoot across they could easily light the trees behind us, and if the wind shifts then we’re like sitting ducks out here. We need to get out as fast as we can.”
Ali motioned for Meagan to pick up the right front end of the stretcher and Brad took the rope from me and grabbed the back, right end. We all get ready to pick Grandpa up but my legs were prickling as much as my insides were jittering, and for a few seconds I struggled to get myself moving.
Brad leaned over and rubbed my arm.
“You okay?”
I realized that I was the only one who hadn’t taken a corner of the stretcher and so I squatted to pick it up.
“Yeah, just a little nervous, you know.”
Brad shrugged as he adjusted the rope on his shoulder.
“We all are, but we’re going to have to talk about that later.”
I felt foolish. I knew that the others were as scared as I was, and I was angry at myself because I always seemed to be the only one who ever showed it. I’d never been caught in a forest fire before and it was really freaking me out, especially since in just the few seconds that we stopped, it had already gained more ground.
We lifted Grandpa and began trekking as fast as we could along the open path, which was basically only as fast as Don could go. The large, prevailing clouds of smoke on the other side of the river were clearly visible above the trees that were planted between us and the river.  The trail led away from the river and that gave me a bit of confidence in that we were heading away from any potential direct shooting amber.The next ten minutes were silent and no one said a word, not even Don. And that’s when the horrifying thought hit me and I gasped louder than I had planned to. We slowed our pace and everyone turned to look at me. Brad leaned over and asked me if I was okay.
I saw the concern in his eyes as we continued to step carefully over the rocky path.
“I was just thinking about what you guys said about the shooting ambers and it’s really bothering me, that’s all.”
Meagan turned her head slightly towards me as I talked.
“I know, I keep thinking about it, too.”
“I know, Meg, I guess we all are. It’s just that Ali said the fire gets hotter as it goes along and starts shooting burning debris because of the gases. Well, by the time it gets to the bridge it’s going to be really hot and what if it starts shooting them at that point? It’s so narrow all along there. Then the fire would be right behind us and it’s moving faster than we are. How do we run from that?”
My own words echoed in my ears and almost scared the life out of me.



Chapter 12
Shooting Ambers

For a few seconds it was as if we were in a Hitchcock movie, where we all turned in slow motion to stare at the forest behind us. I didn’t say anything that they hadn’t already thought of, but somehow hearing me say it made the possibility more real.
“I’m just saying, look how fast it spread on the other side of us. It’s really moving and like Ali said, it’s getting hotter as it goes.”
Meagan groaned as she stared into the forest.
“Hey, Sarah, it’s not you. I know you’re right and I’m worried about it, too.”
Ali shrugged his shoulders to adjust his backpack and his face was almost without expression as he looked at Meagan and then at the rest of us. Brad wiped his one hand on his shorts and then tightened the rope around his other hand. Ali turned forward again and motioned for us to move.
“I think at the rate it’s moving that it’s more than just possible. We have to high tail it out of here now. No more breaks.”
My ears throbbed as we trekked at a snail's pace up the sloped path and headed back into the density of the forest. Don was getting really restless and tired, and we couldn’t travel any faster than he could walk. Brad and I both tried to pull him along with our spare arms but between the challenge of carrying our corner of the stretcher and the piercing heat that was beating down on us, Don was becoming the issue that threatened our timely escape from the oncoming inferno.
Grandpa’s whimpers had become a steady and agonizing moan that grew louder with each step we took. The red mark on his leg was spreading, and the wound was more swollen now than it was a few minutes ago. Ali’s shirt that covered it was soaked in blood and infection.   Grandpa’s face was coated in sweat and dirt, and there were thin streams of tears that flowed from his eyes and down his temples.
We were moving at a steady pace for about ten minutes with no interruptions until Don tripped and fell, and when Brad and I both instinctively tried to catch him we almost dropped the stretcher.  We stopped and lowered it onto the ground so we could help Don get back on his feet. My arms were twitching in pain and part of me was really glad for the rest but part of me was angry that we were once again losing time.
Don had scraped his right hand when he tripped and although it was wrapped in a bandage already, he began to cry out and this just put more tension on to everyone.
“My hand hurts. I can’t walk any more. I want to go home.”
I rubbed his shoulder and he looked up at me as he sat crossed-legged on the ground. His face was worn and hard and his eyes seemed sad and lonely. There wasn’t any sparkle in them like there was in Grandpa’s eyes. Perhaps it was from carrying the burden all these years of losing his brother and blaming himself, or perhaps it was from being robbed of the ability to fit in peacefully with the people around him. He had been very harsh on us earlier and it wasn’t too difficult to dislike him initially. Yet now, his mind was lost in the past, and his face seemed to cry out for help. My heart melted just looking at him.
“Don, we’re going to be home soon and the doctor will take care of your hands. But we can’t stay here. We have to keep walking so we can get….”
“…so we can get to the boat. I know, Pete. I know. But I’m so tired and look over there. They’re bombing all over the place and they’ll be here soon. You watch. They’ll come up from behind and get us. We can’t escape them unless we can get to the boat.”
Brad handed me the loose end of the rope so that Don couldn’t run away and then he crept down the nearby slope to get closer to the water. Meagan and Ali joined him and then I uncoiled the rope and moved towards Ali, as well.  We edged our way about twelve or so feet closer to get out of the way of the tree branches that blocked the view, and when I looked straight ahead I almost screamed out.
The forest on the far side was completely engulfed in smoke and the fire covered everything for as far as we could see. The flames darted out sporadically through the smoke and for a few seconds we all stared at the fire in amazement.  As I watched, I wondered where the next flame would go and where the loud crackles had come from.
For those few seconds we gazed at this firestorm that was only about 500 feet away and we watched in shock as the heavy clouds rolled upon the water. I swallowed hard as I tried to maintain my composure but it was almost impossible to do. The recurring dream of being smothered was all I could think about and I was terrified.
“The smoke is coming across the water and it’s just like my dream, Meg. There was smoke all around and we couldn’t escape.”
Meagan slapped my arm and spoke abruptly.
“Don’t think like that. We’re going to make it.”
Ali shook his head as he studied the smoke on the water.
“The oxygen from the water is feeding the fire to help make it stronger. But what’s worse is the wind has shifted and it’s coming right at us from behind. It won’t take that long for the fire to catch up to us now. We have to get out of here.”
Don stood up and yelled from behind us as he sheltered his eyes with his hand and surveyed the sky.
“Pete, hurry up, they’re coming. They’ll keep bombing over there until there’s nothing left and then they’ll come up from behind us. Mark my words, Pete, they’ll come up from back there and be here before we know it. Our only escape is to get on that boat.”
I knew that Don’s mind was still lost in the war but his words began to scare me, and by the worried look that shot across Meagan’s face, I could tell that it was getting to her, too. I knew I had to speak positive from now on, even if I didn’t believe my own words.
“Meg, you’re right. We’re going to make it. Don’s just talking from what happened before, not from what’s going to happen now. And we’re going in the direction away from the water now so we’re going to be okay.”
Brad turned towards us and then looked down at Grandpa.
“Yeah, well his mind may be lost in the past but there’s a lot to what he’s saying and he could very well be right.”
What? Brad is agreeing with Don?
“Whether it’s in the next few minutes or in the next few hours, I think the fire will get to this side of the river.  And we need to move as fast as we can and get the heck out of here before it does.”
Ali adjusted his cap and motioned for us to turn back.
“I think so, too. It’s so dry out here and this grass and the dry trees are just feeding this inferno. Come on, let’s go.”
We climbed back up the shallow slope and Ali put his arm onto Don’s shoulder.
“You’re right, old man, and we need to move fast. So, we’re all going to have to put aside our aches and pains right now and get out of here. Do you understand, Don? If we keep going we can get to safety but that means that we really do have to move fast. Can you do that?”
Don nodded at Ali and said that he would go as fast as he could so that Grandpa could get to the boat and get help.  That was our cue to move on so we each grabbed our corner of the stretcher and Brad held the end of the rope that was tied to Don. We continued our slow but steady walk along the path.
We talked about how long we thought it would take us to get back to the house and we all agreed that at the pace we were moving it would take at least two hours just to get out of the forest.  It wasn’t until we mentioned the house that I began to worry about Nana. She hadn’t heard from us since we left yesterday, and I was sure that by now she would have to be aware that the forest was on fire. 
“Meg, I hope Nana will be okay. She must be nuts by now with worry especially if she sees the smoke in here.”
“Yeah, I was just thinking about her, too. She has no idea what’s going on with us here.  Gees, I really feel sorry for her. Sure wish these guys hadn’t lost their walkie-talkie in the water.”
Ali’s face began to light up and he turned his head towards us slightly.
“Hey, on the other hand this could be a good thing. If your Nana knows about the fire, then it’s likely that the town is aware of it, too. And maybe they’ll send out a rescue team for us.”
His words were the very thing that I needed to feel the hope again because I was beginning to worry about ever getting out of this alive. In fact, I got giddy inside just thinking that a rescue team could be on the trail just ahead of us.
“That’s right. And if we stay on this path all the way and Nana shows them where we entered the forest, they’ll get to us in no time. Oh, I feel like we have hope again.”
Brad winked at me and smiled.
“See, that’s the way to think.”
Somehow the walk seemed easier now and the fear of not getting out alive began to fall away. I was ecstatic inside as I walked along, and with each step I took, I expected to meet up with the rescue team.  Unfortunately, Don didn’t have the same hope.
“They’re gonna be following us soon, you know. The bombers will cross at the bridge and they won’t take long to get on this path and get us. There’s no way of escaping unless we get on the boat.”
That brought the old shivers of fear spiking up my back again. Was Don really talking through his mind’s eye or was he telling us that the fire would soon be trailing us? And even though I was hoping that the rescue team would soon be here, what if the smoke got to us first…just like in my dream?
“Brad, do you think there’s anything to what he’s saying? He keeps talking about the bombers being behind us. You know, that there’s something back there?”
Brad was panting slightly as he held onto the stretcher with his one hand while holding his other arm around Don to keep him on the same path as the rest of us.
“I don’t know, Sarah. Could be but I don’t really want to stop and find out.”
We kept trekking forward but Brad was constantly turning his head as if he was listening for something behind us. I looked back a couple of times too, but I couldn’t hear or see anything.  Then it got so that every few steps we took, Brad turned his ear to listen to the forest behind us, and every time he did, it sent waves of shivers across my neck.
“You keep looking back. You’re worried that there’s something back there, aren’t you Brad?”
“Yeah.”
Finally, he yelled out to Ali.
“Hey, can we stop a second?”
“One second, that’s about it. What’s up?”
We stopped and rested Grandpa on a grassy part of the trail. Brad and Don both immediately turned towards the path behind us and Ali moved in beside them.
“What’s up, man?”
“I don’t know, but I hear something. Listen.”
I held my breath because all I could hear was the echo of my panting that rang in my ears. Meagan jumped forward and grabbed my arm just as Brad put his hand up to tell us to be quiet.
“Shhh, I hear something. It’s like a crackling sound coming from way down there. Or maybe it’s just my mind playing games with me.”
Ali shook his head and then turned his ear to the path.
“Nah, I hear something, too.  Yeah, there’s something back there. I don’t know what it is but I hope it’s not what I think it is.”
Brad stuffed the rope into my hands and then dropped his backpack onto the ground.
“Wait here, I’m going to check it out.”
He ran back down the path that we’d just trekked along and within seconds he disappeared into the dense forest behind us. We all looked at each other and Meagan moved in close and put her arm through mine. Ali squinted and stared down the path as he shook his head.
“I hope it’s not what I think it is. Gees, the smell of smoke is really strong but that may be just coming off the water.”
I swallowed hard as my mind began to imagine smoke surrounding Brad and choking him. I was aching inside with the fear that the fire just might be right behind us.
“Why, what do you mean? If it’s smoke he’s not going to run into it. He’ll stop before he gets to it.”
Ali shrugged.
“Well, for sure. But if it’s smoke then it’s coming at us a lot faster than we we’re ready for. We’ve got a ways to go and there’s no way we’re going to get through this if we have to fight smoke. These guys, especially your grandfather, won’t handle this well.”
Meagan was getting edgy and her voice was trembling.
“Yeah, well let’s wait and see what Brad finds before we give up. I mean, it could just be an echo from across the water that sounds like it’s behind us.”
We stood in silence waiting and watching anxiously as beads of sweat started dripping slowly drip down my face.  I held on to Meagan and I couldn’t tell who was shaking more, her or me.  My heart was racing so fast that I felt as if I would almost pass out. I held my breath and waited.
Several minutes passed by and Don began to repeat over and over in a monotone voice as he moved quickly from one footing to another.
“They’re after him, Pete. The bombers are after James.”
I turned to Don and growled at him.
“No, they’re not. He’ll be back, just watch. We’re going to get out of this.”
Meagan and I stared at the forest as Ali surveyed the surrounding areas over and over. We watched and waited and the minutes seemed like hours as my insides churned with anxiety. Then we saw Brad come bursting along the trail with the energy of a marathon runner. The fear of death was all over his face.
When he got to us, he panted loudly as he collapsed forward and rested his hands on his knees. He tried to catch his breath so he could speak but it took a few seconds and so we waited nervously for him. Then finally he spoke in a choppy sentence.  I listened as my chest pounded in fear.
“Shooting…..ambers….. fire behind us…….coming fast this way.”



Chapter 13
The Race

Brad’s words brought my dream into the real world and it scared me so much that all I could do was hold my breath and bite my bottom lip.  For the next few seconds we all just gaped at the forest behind us. No one said a word. Brad’s panting was the only sound that penetrated through the pounding in my ears. He stood up slowly and pointed to the trees behind us.
“The wind seems to be shifting. Sometimes it’s sideways from our right side to our left and that’s spreading the fire like crazy behind us, and then it shifts so it’s coming right at us. And everything is so dry, it’s coming at us faster than we thought. I couldn’t get back too far because everything is filled with smoke.”
Ali scratched his head and huffed.
“How far back is it?”
“About half a mile or so the other side of the bridge from what I could see. It was hard to get a clear view, but the smoke is a heck of a lot closer.”
The impression of my dream began to weigh even heavier on me and I couldn’t stop shaking. Meagan put her arm around me and rubbed my shoulder.
“We’re going to make it, remember?”
Brad and Ali talked quietly together for a second and then Ali broke the silence.
“Okay, no more breaks. We have to huff it as fast as we can and not stop until we get out of here. So, here’s the plan. Brad and Sarah, you guys take the front of the stretcher and Meg and I will take the end and I’ll carry Don on my back until he gets too heavy, and then Brad and I’ll switch. He needs a break right now so I’m going to take Don first. This way we can move it and not have to slow down for him. Agreed?”
We all agreed and then Brad helped Don onto Ali’s back. Don was a very thin man and probably didn’t weigh any more than 120 pounds and since Ali was in top physical shape he had no problem carrying him. The only struggle was that Don wanted to walk.
“Put me down. You can’t do this. You don’t know where the grenades are.”
Don began to hit Ali in the head as he shouted for Ali to put him down. Brad reached over and grabbed both of Don’s wrists and pushed his face right against Don’s.
“Do you want us to throw you into that field where the grenades are?”
Don’s eyes opened wide and then he jerked back and I could see the fear in his eyes.
“You wouldn’t do that to me, James? If you do I’ll tell Lucas and you’ll be in real trouble. They’ll throw you in the stockade for it.”
“I won’t do it if you will just shut up, not move and let us carry you. You got that?”
Don lowered his thin grey eyebrows and scowled.
“You wouldn’t do that?”
Brad glared back and nodded.
“In a second. Now, you hit him again and we’ll…….”
“All right. All right. But he better know where those bombs or we’re all dead.”
We got in position and lifted Grandpa off the ground and then headed out of the forest as fast as we could. We were able to trek a lot easier now because we didn’t have to wait for Don, but even then, we weren’t moving at record speed.
The trail was shaded and that was a blessing because the heat had already given me a pounding headache that was gnawing at my forehead.  We had agreed that we wouldn’t look behind us so that we wouldn’t lose any time and that really did help. But it didn’t stop Don from warning us about the grenades and I couldn’t help but wonder why this was an issue with him.
It was no wonder that Brad was known as the walking history book in high school because he seemed to know a bit about everything.
“The soldiers planted hidden grenades around their camps and in nearby fields to protect themselves against the enemy who would try coming up on them while they were sleeping or resting. My guess is that Don’s command used this tactic or experienced it in some way during the war and when his mind slips back, he remembers the affect it has and he gets scared.”
“That’s awful. I mean, war is awful. So many people die and get hurt before it stops. I hope we never have to face that here.”
Brad looked over at me and smirked.
“Well right now I feel like we’re in a war and I don’t want this enemy to win.”
 We trekked for about fifteen minutes before anyone spoke again, and that’s only because Grandpa began to cry out.
“It hurts so much. Please make it stop!”
Hearing Grandpa crying out like that made me want to cry, too. I didn’t know what to say and I knew we couldn’t stop to comfort him. At first he was squirming around a bit as he was weeping, but then he became still and his cries once again turned into pathetic whimpers.
We kept moving but it was a challenge because his distressful cries sent cold shivers up my back. I couldn’t feel him moving around much on the stretcher after that, and from the corner of my eye I could see that every once in a while he’d wave his one arm towards his wounded leg in an attempt to touch it. Meagan spoke to him in between breaths and told him that we were almost there. Her voice was soft and soothing and I hoped that that’s what had calmed him down and not because he’d passed out.
It wasn’t long before we came to a creek about ten feet wide that had a large broken tree stump strewn across it. It was too narrow for all four of us to cross at once so we stopped right in front of it and lowered Grandpa gently onto the ground. Don slipped off Ali’s back and Meagan held onto the rope that was still tied around him. Brad looked behind us as he removed his cap and combed his sweaty hair with his hand.
“Okay, we’re out of immediate danger so let’s take a second and figure out how to cross this.”
I stepped up to the stream and looked down at it and at the solid stump that had obviously been left there to act as a bridge to cross it.
“What if just two of us carry the stretcher, one in front and one in back? Don can walk and we can be across in seconds.”
Brad wiped his face with the bottom of his t-shirt as Ali and Meagan agreed. He appeared very antsy and was ready to keep going.
“That’s what I was thinking, too. Anyone know where we are in relation to the house?”
Meagan looked around and then cleared her throat in her effort to sound cheery.
“I remember that about half a mile up on the other side of this creek there’s another path that takes us up and away from the river, but I don’t know where it leads. And I think I remember seeing this about a half hour or three quarters of an hour into our trip down here.”
I closed my eyes and forced myself to focus on the earlier trail.
“Yeah, I remember that cut off, Meg, so if we saw it around half an hour in, then we can’t be too far from home. Or from having someone find us.”
Ali turned and his face was solemn.
“Yeah, so why hasn’t anyone come for us, yet? These guys have been missing for a day and no one’s come looking for them. By now the forest fire must be clear to everyone and yet no one has come looking for them. Doesn’t that seem strange to you guys?”
Meagan and I looked at each other and I was quick to answer.
“There aren’t that many people who live around here. Grandpa and Nana lived up on the hill there, and Don down the street, but that’s all the houses for like miles. Everyone else lives in town and that’s at least fifteen miles away.”
Meagan nodded her head and agreed.
“That’s right. And Nana’s phone is out of order so she probably couldn’t even call anyone until today when they’re supposed to be working again.”
Brad turned to us and shook his head.
“No, I don’t buy that. Even fifteen miles away anyone with eyes could see that the forest is burning. I mean, gees, the smoke is covering the entire sky. These people look at the water and at the forest all the time, that’s why they live up here. They would have to see that it’s on fire. And if your grandparents are the only ones in this area, then surely someone from town would come out to check on them.”
Ali threw his hands in front of him.
“And besides that, what about the forest rangers? They’d know by now that the forest is on fire. Wouldn’t they check parking lots or ask attendants if anyone has parked and gone hiking in here? I mean, we can’t be the only people in the world hiking in this massive forest.”
 I listened to them but I had to believe that help was coming.
“Well, just because we haven’t seen them yet doesn’t mean that help isn’t on the way. We still have to believe it for Grandpa’s sake, don’t we?”
Ali stared at Grandpa.
“We have to get him to a doctor, that’s what we have to and we have to do it soon.”
“Well, what about our Nana? She knows. She must have called someone.”
Meagan huffed.
“How, Sarah? No phones, remember? How’s she going to call anyone?”
Brad looked at his watch and took a deep breath as he surveyed the trees around us.
“She has Ali’s and my cell phones. Maybe she’ll figure out how to use them.”
Now I knew we were doomed. Nana was probably the least technically literate person in the world. She’s one of the reasons they don’t have any mechanical gadgets that have more than an on or off switch. Grandpa always said that modern technology was evil but we all knew it was because Nana was just too old or too afraid to use them.
Meagan huffed restlessly and I knew she was thinking the same thing.
“No, I doubt that. Don’t hold your breath waiting for her.”
“Well, I dumped my backpack where she could find it. Are you saying that she wouldn’t even try to use it to call for help?”
I thought about how this trip so far had been anything except the norm, anything except what we expected.
“If she finds it, Brad, she just might try pressing every button there until she gets someone. I guess it could happen. But she may also just look at it and get too scared and confused to even try. I know because I’ve bugged her jokingly about using mine and she really is clueless.”
Grandpa began to stir around again and groan. His leg was even more swollen and redder than it was a few minutes ago and I was really worried.  I wiped the tears that were about to burst from my eyes with my sweaty hands, and that’s when Ali said we had to move. Brad and Ali would carry Grandpa across the log because it was easier to balance the stretcher between them than having us all try.
He picked up the front and Brad picked up the back and the two of them made it across the fallen log without any great problems. On the other hand, we had to get Don across and as usual, he had to make an issue out of it.
“I can’t cross that. I’ll fall in. Anyways, I have to pee.”
What?
Meagan’s patience was running away from her almost as fast as her sense of humor.
“Forget it! Get on that stupid log and start crossing now.”
“No. I have to pee.”
“Fine, then you can stay here and we’ll leave without you.”
“Why won’t you just let me relieve myself?”
I looked across the creek and Brad was standing there with his hands on his hips, and then he threw them in front of him.
“Are you guys coming or what?”
Meagan slapped the rope on the side of her leg.
“Don has to pee.”
Brad jumped onto the log and within a few seconds he was standing in front of Don.
“You have to go now?”
Don just stared at him and then put his head down and he put his hand at his groin. He was old and he had to go but the timing was so wrong and as frustrated as I was, I felt sorry for him.
“Brad, can you just take him behind that tree or something? If we don’t let him go, it’s going to be a rough trip back and I don’t want to listen to him whining about it.”
“Yeah, okay. Let’s go.”
Brad led him by the arm to a large tree a few feet away and Meagan and I turned around to give him some privacy. But Don apparently just stood in front of the tree and we could hear Brad shouting at him.
“Now what’s the matter? No one can see you. Come on, just go.”
“Grenades. They’re all around this tree. We have to go to that one.”
I could feel the tension rising up inside my chest and I knew that the only way we could get around this was to let him go where he wanted. Brad followed him down the path and we turned around to see where they were but they had disappeared into the bushes.
We were sure that they’d be back soon so we grabbed the backpacks and crossed the creek to be with Grandpa and Ali. I was too nervous to sit, but Ali sat down on the ground and Meagan sat down beside him.  He leaned over and pushed his shoulder into hers as he smiled at her.
“How are you doing? How’s your leg?”
“I’m okay, a little scratched, but I’ll be okay.”
“You know, if your Nana doesn’t call for help and we are on our own to get out of here, it’s going to take us at least an hour at this rate.”
Meagan slipped her arm around Ali’s and forced a smile.
“Well, at least we’ll get out and that’s the main thing.”
Ali huffed and clenched his jaw as he stared straight ahead.
“Yeah. So we grab your Nana, get into your grandfather’s truck and drive to the hospital.”
Meagan and I both agreed.
“And where’s the hospital?”
It had been a long time since we’d even gone into town when we visited here. We usually spent the entire vacation right at Nana’s and Grandpa’s so both Meagan and I had brain strain trying to remember where it was. And then I remembered.
“Pembroke is the nearest city that has a hospital. Problem is, it’s about sixty miles away.”
Ali grunted as he smirked at us.
“Sixty miles? Well, maybe we should just use one of our cells when we get back and call for an ambulance. He needs attention right away and they’ll be able to give it to him. And if that doesn’t work, then we’ll just drive him to the hospital in his truck.”
We had a positive plan and that gave me a lot of assurance inside that we would get Grandpa to the hospital, which in turn meant that we’d get out of this forest safely. It was at least five minutes later when we heard the rustling in the bushes on the other side of the stream and we knew it was Don and Brad returning. Meagan and Ali jumped to their feet and we got ready to continue on the journey.
Brad was carrying Don once again and his face was flushed red as he ran frantically towards us.
“Let’s go. Grab Grandpa and let’s get out of here now.”
I was about to ask what happened but as he brushed my arm I knew why, and so did Meagan because she went as white as I know I did.  Brad and Don both reeked of smoke.



Chapter 14
Decisions

Meagan and Ali threw the backpacks onto their shoulders and then squatted to lift the front of the stretcher. Don was already on Brad’s back so we took the back end and lifted Grandpa at the same time, and then we took off at as fast as we dared along the forest trail.
The smoke was rolling in at a steady pace behind us and the smell was following us just as quickly, adding even more fear to my already shaking body. I looked back just for a second to get glance at the smoky clouds that were rising above the trees in the distance. I’m not sure how far back it was but it really didn’t matter because I knew that it was moving easily as fast as we were.
We made it to the fork in the path sooner than we expected and that was a relief, but then we were challenged with which path to take and that just added to the stress. We could take the one that ran along the water and through an open grassy terrain which meant we would be out of the direct path of the fire, but we weren’t familiar with it and had no way of knowing where it ended up. We stood there, each holding a corner of the stretcher as Ali pointed to the left.
“If we take this it’ll lead us along the water’s edge and should take us to your grandfather’s dock, although to be honest, I don’t remember seeing a trail down by the dock when we were there. And this one takes us back into the forest where we came from so we kind of know it, but I’m not sure if we’ll be able to outrun the smoke that’s coming at it.”
Brad huffed and shook his head.
“I think we should take the path by the water and follow it as far as we can. If it doesn’t go to the dock then we can just make our own path up the terrain and back to the forest. We have to go in that direction at some point to get to the house, anyway.”
Unfortunately, we were not that familiar with this forest and it made it a risky challenge that could mean disaster for us if we chose wrong. My insides were racing and I was almost at the point where I didn’t care which one we took, just as long as we kept going. That’s when I turned and looked behind us.
“Oh, my gosh, look at it. The sky is covered in smoke and it’s headed along that path. I don’t think we should take the chance with Grandpa. We can’t outrun that. I think we should go along the water. At least there’s more rocks and less trees there and part of it is an open field.”
Meagan tapped Ali’s arm and pointed to the water.
“Yeah, I agree. I think we’ll do better with this path.  But let’s decide quickly, okay guys?”
Don began to bounce all over Brad’s back as he pointed anxiously to the water.
“This way, James.  Come on, Pete. We need to get to the boat and it’s down there waiting for us.”
Ali and Brad were as anxious as we were to just keep going so seconds later we were headed towards the path that led down to the water. I didn’t really have any hopes of finding a boat down but we had to keep Don happy and cooperative so I agreed with him.  We spent the next ten or so minutes trekking through the dry grass along the river bank as we headed back towards the house.
My legs were coated in sweat and they stung from the weeds that scratched against them.  The trail was narrow and uneven and every so often either Ali or Meagan would yell out, “Pothole.” We kept a steady pace in spite of it and moved quickly as we stepped over small rocks and bumps along the way. The river was on our left about fifty feet away and it was hard not to get caught up with the heavy clouds of smoke that covered the sky on the other side of it. Even more, it was difficult not to panic as the inferno poked through the smoke.
The piercing sun rays seemed even hotter now than they did a few minutes earlier and they were burning our skin. We had taken off to find Grandpa so quickly that no one thought to bring sunscreen.
“Meg, your arms and neck look really red from back here. I guess you’re going to need a good dousing of cream when we get back.”
“Thanks for reminding me, Sarah. I was trying to forget how much my skin was burning and now I’m thinking of it again. But look at Ali. You’re going to really feel this in a while.”
Ali smirked and said he’d get over it as he looked at the skies around us.
“Have you guys noticed that the smell of smoke is getting stronger?”
As I moved to glance behind me again, my eyes caught the heavy rolling clouds that were sweeping into the trees in the back right corner of us. My heart skipped a beat and I couldn’t help but wonder if the dream was simply an omen of things to come, and that we might not get out of this alive.
Brad turned to look behind him as well and he groaned out loud.
“It’s coming faster than we’re running. Looks like it’s covered the whole area we just came from. I’m glad we’re going this way.”
We were practically running as we headed through the dry terrain but my heart was racing faster than my feet. The forest on the other side of the water was roaring like demeaning thunder, and getting louder and louder as the vicious flames were destroying everything in its path.
Meagan turned her head slightly as she puffed out a few words.
“That is so loud, it’s scary. It’s worse than the school band.”
Ali turned his head slightly.
“It’s kind of deafening, actually. I just hope it stays over there long enough for us to get out of here. Watch out for these small boulders. Maybe we should slow down a bit until we get over them.”
We slowed right down to a crawl because the ground was so uneven that we had to step high in many places to get over the jagged rocks that protruded out of the ground. We made it back onto a more level path some minutes later and were able to pick up a bit of speed again.
I glanced over my shoulder to the other side of Brad and I was startled to see that the smoke was right on our heels. I knew that the fire wasn’t far behind. The challenge was even greater than I imagined because we truly had to outrun the smoke to get back to the house.
We continued along the path for several more minutes, and each tormenting step we took felt as if we were doing it in slow motion. And that’s when I looked ahead and realized our challenge had only just begun.
“The path stops here? Are you kidding?”
We stopped and laid Grandpa gently onto the ground. I’d been so caught up with the fear of the smoke that I hadn’t really been paying any attention to him. He was hot, not just from the heat but with a fever, and we had nothing that could cool him down.
“Can we get to the water at all? Maybe we could get some cold water on him to cool him down?”
Meagan touched his face gently and spoke quietly.
“Well, I know the cold water might cool him down a bit, but there’s no time. Grandpa, I’m so sorry, but we have to focus on getting out of here.”
Ali patted Meagan’s shoulder as he looked at the skies all around us.
“Look, I know that if the water was close by it wouldn’t be a problem, but we have to climb down there to get it and then climb back up and somehow get back up the hill to that path. I don’t think the smoke will give us that much time.”
We both smiled at Ali and Meagan brushed a long strand of hair from her face.
“I know. It’s not even an option. We have to get out of here now.”
Brad shook his head and grunted.
“That’s for sure. Look at the smoke over there. If we had taken that route it would be on us by now. We’re just going to have to somehow climb up that rocky slope. We don’t really have any other choice.”
I knew he was right but it was going to be a great challenge for us. Don slid off Brad’s back and pointed to water. He began to jump around anxiously as he shouted at us.
“We need to get down there to the water where the boat is. It’s the only way of getting out of the enemy’s path. I’m telling ya, if we go up that hill those bombers will fly up it behind us and they’ll beat us to the top.”
Ali put his hands on Don’s shoulders to quieten him down.
“Okay, okay. We’ll get to the water, but right now we have to get up that slope. Now, can you walk on your own? Because it’s going to be too much to have one of us carry you.”
Don pulled away from Ali and shook his head.
“No, you can’t go up that hill. They are fast and they’ll beat you to the top. We have to go down to the water and get into the boat.”
Ali clenched his jaw and put his hands on his hips.
“Okay, I’ve about had it with this game. We’re going to all die if we don’t get out of here and I’m tired of listening to this guy’s rerun of the Second World War. Now, Don is going to have to walk and we’re going to have to be very careful so we don’t bump your grandpa or lose control of carrying him, unless….”
Ali stopped talking for a second and Brad stepped closer to him.
“Unless what?”
“Unless we can get around that side on the left, there. Come on, Brad, let’s check it out.”
A second later they took off towards the edge of the terrain that stood between the rocky slope we were about to climb and the water.  Meagan held onto the rope so we wouldn’t lose Don and then we sat beside Grandpa and tried to tell him that we’d be home soon.
The guys returned a minute later and Brad motioned for us to get ready to move.
“It’s narrow and uneven but it’s a better way to go. And by the looks of that smoke, it’s the only way to go. It takes us down towards the water instead of around it.”
Don grabbed Brad’s arm and tapped his hand.
“Yes, we have to get to the boat. Those bombers go faster up a hill than we do but they don’t go down as fast so we’ll make it to the boat before they get to us.”
Don was probably the most irritating man I’d ever met and his constant reference to the bombers was getting to all of us. But as he talked anxiously about the path, Meagan gasped and her face flushed red.
“He’s right. Oh, my gosh, he’s so right. Remember that show I told you about, the one about the forest fires? Well, they said that smoke and fire travel fast uphill but slow downhill. Wow! He’s talking about bombers and yet he’s giving us the advice at the same time. That’s creepy.”
Icy chills shot up and down my spine as she talked.
“That IS creepy.”
Brad and Ali picked the stretcher up and moved it around in their hands until they were comfortable. Ali said it would be safer if only two people carried it along the narrow path and that we should follow behind.  Meagan was holding Don’s rope so she wound it a bit tighter and nodded for the guys to set out.
The sound of the fire across the water was deafening and the smell of smoke behind us was almost suffocating, but we edged our way slowly in spite of it. I was glad that the guys were carrying Grandpa because my legs were shaking so badly that I was terrified of losing my balance and causing him to fall off the cliff.
The ledge that we were crossing was only about twenty or thirty feet long but it was also only about four feet wide for the first bit and then it opened to about six feet wide along the way.  The first few steps were tedious but sure and then just as chance would have it, Grandpa began to squirm around as he groaned loudly.  I was worried that he’d cause the guys to lose their balance and tumble the fifty feet down the rocky bank to the river below.
We stopped several times for the guys to get their footing because it was difficult for Brad to see the ground through the rugged branches of the stretcher. Don surprised us all by walking calmly and carefully as he followed Brad and I kept praying that he wouldn’t change until we got to the clearing on the other side of this cliff. I was at the tail end and I took advantage of that by looking all around at the smoke and fire and scaring myself to tears.
But Brad’s sudden shouting to Ali brought me back to reality.
“Ali, hold your left side up a bit. Come on, he’s moving around too much. Left side up. Okay, okay. That’s better. Keep it up until I tell you to let it down.”
“You got it, man. I can feel him jerking around but I can’t see him. We’re almost there. Hold on.”
“Yeah, he’s just in a lot of pain, that’s all, but gees, of all the places to do it.”
Brad’s anxious voice quickly calmed down as they stepped onto to the wider section of the path, and that’s when I stepped onto the narrow part. I had such a chilling feeling across my neck because where I normally wouldn’t look down, I had to look down because the path was so uneven and I had to watch my every step.
The wall to the slope on the right of us was about six feet high at the start but got higher as we slanted downwards. I was able to hold on to some stones and roots that protruded out from it and that gave me the stability to get across the narrow passage.
A few minutes later we were all on the plateau on the far side of the path and I felt as if a mighty load had been lifted from my shoulders. We kept walking for about five minutes until the path opened up more and that’s when we stopped to give all of our shaking legs a rest.
Don stood up and stared behind us with his hands on his hips.
“They’re coming. They won’t be long and they’ll come shooting over that hill. We have to get down to the boat.”
Brad was sitting beside me massaging his right arm as he watched Don out of the corner of his eye.
“He’s really something. I’ve never believed in omens but this guy could change all that.”
I wasn’t sure if Brad was serious or being sarcastic.
“You think Don was sent here to guide us?”
Meagan was sitting on a broken tree branch a few feet away and stopped rubbing her legs as she looked at me strangely.
“He’s been right about everything so far. Think about it.”
Meagan stopped talking and screamed as a loud crack startled all of us. We all jumped to our feet and I gasped so loud that I scared myself.
“My god, the fire is coming up that hill. We’d be burned if we stayed on it.”
Don started jumping around and carrying on about how we had to get a move on before the bombers got to the other side of the hill. He was looking back and his voice was loud and anxious as he kept yelling for us to move. The fear in his voice sent goose bumps shivering up and down my arms. We each grabbed onto a corner of the stretcher again and with Don in between Brad and me, and trekked along the edge of the water that sloped downwards. The cracking of the fire beside us was enough incentive to make us move as fast as our legs could possibly go.
But after a couple of minutes the terrain ended and the only choices we had were to climb the rocky slope that would put us back in the path of the oncoming inferno or dive into the water below and swim our way home.


Chapter 15
Premonition

We had only seconds to decide which path we should take and both of them bordered on nerve racking. Grandpa was stirring and groaning a lot now and his leg was more swollen and redder than it was a few minutes before. He was reaching aimlessly for his wounded leg as he rolled his head back and forth, and I was worried that the poisons from the infection in his leg might go through his body and send him into septic shock. I felt so sorry for him and it was really difficult to ignore him but I had to.
I had to look away and focus on the urgent problem at hand because we had only minutes to find a way out of this forest and get into a safety zone. That in itself was a challenge as everything around us reminded me that we were now racing against time as the smoke and fire closed in on us.
The bellowing resonance of the inferno across the water echoed in my ears, and as my eyes glided towards it I couldn’t find a single spot that wasn’t engulfed with the fire.  The airwaves were pierced with sharp cracks of destruction that shot through the heavy clouds of smoke as it hung heavily over the water and slowly rolled towards us.
Ali began pacing as his eyes bounced from the skies around us to the paths ahead of us.
“Okay, we have to work fast and I don’t really think we have much choice here. That hill takes us back to the house but it’s in the direct path of the fire, and with the wind that’s picked up, it’ll over take us before we get to the top. That leaves us with going by the water but it’s too much of a drop and I’m not sure how to get him down there.  But, we have to get down there because from what I see I think the water is going to be our only way of escape.”
The whole time Ali was talking Brad was leaning over the edge of the river ledge trying to see down the grassy slope that was spread ahead of us between the rocky wall and the river.
“Hey, Ali, I think we can do this. Look at it. It’s narrow, a bit rocky but it’s fairly consistent, goes right down to the water and it looks like there may be an area where we can rest. If we can get down there it’ll be a lot easier getting him into the water. What do you think?”
The smell of smoke was becoming more predominant by the second and I was anxious to take the chance down the narrow slope. Meagan agreed that it was our only choice and Ali nodded with her.
“Sounds good but we have to really huff it. That smoke is coming in fast down there, too. Look at it crossing the water towards us.”
Megan moved in beside Brad as he pointed towards the path and tapped his arm.
“We’re all good swimmers and we’ve been through worse – and the water might not even be that deep down there. Even Don is a champion swimmer, so I think we have to do it.”
Ali pointed to his backpack and wiped the sweat from his forehead.
“Okay, and we’re gonna need that extra rope so we can tie him onto this thing because if he moves around when we’re going down that path, we could all fall.”
Meagan yanked the rope from one of the backpacks and she and Ali quickly tied it around Grandpa so he was secured onto the stretcher. When she lifted his arm, Grandpa told her that he felt sick, and so she rubbed his face gently and told him that we would be home in a few minutes.  Ali tied the last knot and then looked up at us.
“Okay, are we ready? Let’s go.”
I looked at him and then at Grandpa and that’s when my eyes caught Don pointing anxiously to the path. He was willing to get down there and I was glad of that because the last thing we needed was a fight to get him to move.
“Okay, I’ll walk with Don and follow you guys, okay?”
Ali nodded as he and Brad lifted the stretcher. Meagan and I each tossed a backpack over our shoulders and then we all edged slowly towards the grassy slope that ran between a rocky formation and the river that was about fifty feet down. Brad looked back at Meagan and I and his words gave both of us a bit of hope.
“I couldn’t see it that clearly, but it looks like a little cove down there that just might be protected from the fire for a while, so if we can get down there, then maybe one of us could just swim back to the house from there to get help while the rest stay here with him.”
Don and I followed the guys with Meagan just ahead of us, but he was eager to get going and so he forced us both into high gear, and seconds later we brushed by everyone as I held onto the rope. I was yelling at Don to slow down and wait for the guys to lead but Ali shouted out for us to just go. And he was right because the important thing at this point was that Don was cooperating, so we headed down the narrow path.
It was a very uneven and rugged path, only about four to five feet wide and covered in dry grass and small rocks, intermingled with hidden potholes. Somehow Don was able to practically run down the slope but I was running awkwardly behind him taking every step as if it were my last. One slip and I’d be in the river below, not that I was afraid of the water because I wasn’t. What bothered me was that this was a very rocky area and I had no idea if there were rocks just underneath it or not, and I didn’t want to fall into it to find out.
Don stopped and turned to me halfway down the slope as he spoke anxiously.
“Come on, Pete. Hurry up. The boat’s down here.”
“I’m coming. I’m coming.”
I turned back to see the others and Meagan was a few feet behind me but the guys were far behind her. They were good at trekking and at mountain climbing so I knew that if anyone could get Grandpa down this path it would be them. But it was a real challenge that didn’t allow for one slip up. And I had my own challenge ahead of me.
“Okay, we’re coming, Don. Slow down. I just wish there really was a boat down there.”
“There is a boat, Pete. I know it.”
Don practically pulled me down the slope and although he slipped and fell several times, it never slowed him down. I felt as if I was taking my dog for a walk as Don pulled on the rope and yelled for us to hurry up.
Meagan kept the pace right behind me and I turned back as often as I could just to make sure that they were all still following and that they were okay. The overwhelming smoke that followed us was enough incentive to keep us moving in spite of the challenges.
But what we originally thought was a dead end plateau turned out to be a big rock that we were able to skirt around and so we continued moving quickly down along the water’s edge. Don held onto the rock with his right hand that was wrapped in bandages as he started to shuffle along the narrow passage. I had to hold him back so we could wait for the others.
“Don, wait. We need to wait for the others. We’ll get lost if we don’t, so hang on a second.”
“But, Pete, the boat’s down here. We can get to it from here.”
“I know, I know, but we have to wait for the others or we’ll lose them. Let’s just stop and wait for them, okay?”
I had to yell a couple of times before Don actually stopped moving. I could tell he was panicking as he stood and pointed to the inferno that was about half a mile or so away on the other side of the lake.
“It’s coming here, Pete. We have to hurry.”
“I know it is, Don, but we have to wait for the others. Just stand still for a minute until the others catch up, okay?”
I held onto the rope tightly as I stood on the edge of the narrow path. I looked back at the guys and my heart raced with fear as I wondered how they would carry Grandpa along it without falling into the water below. But they seemed to handle the trek relatively easy and that should have given me a spark of hope, but a sudden gust of smoke sent me almost into a panic.
Meagan soon joined me and ran over to the big rock to look down the path.
“It’s almost the same as the one we just came along, so if the guys are okay with it, maybe we should all just get down there and wait there instead of up here.”
The smell of burning trees was so heavy all around us now that it was scaring me and my dream was becoming more real by the second.  A few seconds later the guys joined us on the small, rocky plateau and rested Grandpa on the ground. Brad immediately ran to the path that Meagan was looking down.
“Hey, Ali, we can do this. It’s only a few yards long and it looks like it takes us right down to the water. I’m going to check it out.”
Within seconds Brad had disappeared behind the huge boulder and I stood beside Meagan as we watched and waited for him to return. And sure enough, a few seconds later Brad was back and motioned for us to follow him.
“It’s almost like that other path only shorter. The thing is it turns a bit around that rock but it takes us right down to the water and everything around is rock so we should be safe resting there for a few minutes while someone goes for help.”
The guys lifted the stretcher again and Ali turned towards me for a second.
“Sounds good to me. You okay with Don?”
I held the rope tightly and to keep Don from running on down the slope.
“Yeah, he’s fine. It’s me I’m worried about.”
“Okay, let’s go.”
Don was anxiously pulling on the rope and kept telling us to hurry up so we could get on the boat.
“The boat’s down here, Pete. Come on. Let’s get it ready for the others and then we can take everyone to the rescue ship.”
“Yeah, okay Don. Just don’t pull so much. I don’t want to slip.”
I followed closely behind Don and I was surprised how well he moved for an old man.  He stepped quickly and carefree along the path and didn’t seem to have any fear of it being narrow or of the danger of the river below.
We got to the huge rock within seconds and we were able to get around it easily enough, but I was worried about the guys bringing Grandpa around it. Meagan grunted as she squirmed back around the rock to look at them.
“Well, I think we’re going to have to help them somehow, although it’s not going to be easy because there’s not much room to move.”
I looked back down the path and the guys were only seconds away.
“What if I grab the side closest to this big rock and help pull it so that Brad can focus on the other side and keep his balance. What do you think?”
Meagan opened her eyes wide as she huffed.
“Could work. But you’re going to need to scrunch around this rock and you can’t let go no matter what. Here, give me the rope and I’ll hold onto Don. Are you sure you can do this?”
“Yeah, I just have to get in the right spot, that’s all. Okay, I think I can grab it from here.”
As the guys slowly approached, Meagan told them what I was going to do and Brad said that was a good idea but to not touch anything until he said to.  Meagan and I watched and my heart raced as I worried about not grabbing the stretcher properly or in time.
They took slow, methodical steps and as Brad turned on the bend he told us to get ready to grab the one side. I waited with my hand out for the right second and then when he said “Now” I grasped the corner of the stretcher and held it tight as I backed up. Brad came around and stepped carefully onto the plateau and then quickly turned and took hold of both front branches as he moved backwards. When Ali got to the turn, Brad told Meagan and I to take the front of the stretcher and moved close to the rock and grabbed the one corner to help Ali get around the rock. Meagan and I moved backwards and both guys stepped onto the plateau.
We immediately set Grandpa down and both of the guys collapsed onto the ground to catch their breath. Brad opened his eyes a few seconds later and smirked as he looked around.
“Any other time this just might be the place to hide from the world. Almost cozy here.”
I hadn’t really thought about it until he said that, and it was a cozy little hide-away. The clear water was only a few feet down and the platform was surrounded in huge rocks. I’m sure that normally the view across the water was peaceful and pretty but today, it was anything but that. I was anxious to move on and I forced myself to my feet.
“I’m going to swim ahead for help. You guys should be safe here for a little while because it’s almost totally surrounded in rocks.”
Brad put his hand up and took a deep breath.
“Wait, wait, wait just a second, Sarah. I’ll go with you. Just give me a second, okay?”
Don began to dance around in excitement.
“The boat is just down there. Are you going to bring it to us? It’s so close. Oh, I’m so glad we’re going to get out of here now.”
Meagan rolled her eyes as she grunted.
“Oh, you and that boat. Just stay calm, okay?  Sarah is going to check it out.”
Don turned and squinted at Meagan with a confused look on his face.
“I mean, Pete is going to check it out with James, okay, Don? Now just sit here and wait with us, okay?”
Brad and Ali both looked worn and tired and I know that carrying Grandpa along that dangerous path was playing on both of their nerves. They needed the few seconds break to regain their strength, although it seemed as if we were waiting through an eternity of time.
Brad looked up through his dark eyebrows and his face broke into a wide grin.
“Are you ready to go swimming, Sarah?”
“Sorry, Brad. This whole thing just scares me and I guess I’m just anxious to get out of here and get Grandpa to the hospital.”
“Me, too. So let’s see who gets their boots off first.”
We both unlaced our boots and yanked them off. I tucked my socks into my boots and put them beside Meagan, and she reached out and tapped my hand as she forced a smile and asked me if I was okay with this for real.
“I’m fine, don’t worry. We’ll be back real soon. And we can’t be far from the dock anyway which means we’re close to the house and we can call for help. Are you going to be okay, here, though?”
“Yeah, just go.”
I motioned for Don to go sit beside Meagan while we were gone but he his face was flushed as he moved around excitedly.
“I can’t sit. I want to get on the boat. You’re getting the boat now, Pete?”
“Yeah, we’re getting the boat now so you just please sit down and wait with Meagan, okay?”
Brad and I edged our way down to the water and he was just about to step into it when he turned to me and grabbed my arm.
“Do you see that?”
I looked where Brad was pointing and I couldn’t believe my eyes. I almost fell over from shock.



Chapter 16
Déjà vu

I could feel the adrenalin rush as the excitement shot through me. Brad grabbed my arm and his face lit up with a huge grin.
“This guy is something else, Sarah. He’s been telling us all along about a boat and I thought he was just nuts. But here it is for real, a boat!”
I stared at Brad for a second as the reality of what he was saying flooded my veins with hope. There in the water about five feet off to the side was a small aluminum paddle boat that was tied to the branch of a fallen tree on the water’s edge. Finally, we were getting a break.
“Brad, I can’t believe this, either. I mean, there really is a boat. This is like a miracle.”
Brad didn’t waste a second and he instantly turned back to the others.
“Ali! Ali, come here!”
He looked back at me and told me to go back to the others and get them ready while he brought the boat closer. I ran back up the slope and could barely feel the stinging of the tiny stones on my bare feet as I hustled back towards them. I met Ali and Meagan at the top.
“There’s a boat there. I can’t believe it. There’s a boat there. We can carry Grandpa in it to the dock.”
Ali’s face grew expressionless as he looked back at Don.
“Just like he said.”
“Yeah, Ali, but we have to hurry. Brad is pulling it closer and he wants us to get ready to get Grandpa on board.”
Don was jumping up and down and shouting with excitement.
“I knew the boat was there. Pete, we’re safe now. We’re going to get out of here.”
“You were right, Don. You were right and I’m sorry I doubted you.”
Meanwhile, Brad pulled the boat close to the edge and Ali took the rope and held on to it while Brad jumped off. Ali turned and yelled for me to come to them.
“Here, Sarah, hold on to this while get your grandfather.”
The guys ran up the short slope and they each took an end of the stretcher and carried Grandpa down to the boat. They rested him on the ground so that Brad could step into the boat first and then lean over and lift his end of the stretcher. I held onto the short rope as tightly as I could to keep the boat steady and then Ali stepped down inside it with the other end of the stretcher.  They set Grandpa down in the middle of the boat and then Brad stepped out and back onto the grass.
“It’s small and it won’t carry all of us, but it will take some. So, Ali, why don’t you and Meg go with Don in the boat, and Sarah and I will swim behind you? We’re ready for it anyway. Our boots are already off.”
Meagan became very hesitant and was about to say something but I knew we didn’t have any time to waste.
“Meg, it’s okay. We’ll be right here with you holding onto the boat so we’re okay. But we have to hurry. Look at the smoke.”
Ali grabbed the backpacks and then flung them into the boat as Don pulled Meagan in to the front of it beside him. She turned to me and raised her eyebrows as she spoke.
“I’ve got your boots up here, okay?”
Don gave me the thumbs-up and then giggled like a child.
“I told you. I told you the boat was here, Pete. Now we just have to get to the big ship before they drop more bombs on us.”
That’s when my skin really began to crawl. Don had been right in almost every prediction so far and if he was warning us about more bombs, what he was actually saying is that the fire would soon be upon us. His words sent spikes of fear running up and down my spine and all I could do was swallow and stare at Grandpa.
Brad broke my trance as he nudged me and asked if I was okay.
“Uh, yeah, sure. I’m fine.”
I threw the rope inside the boat and Brad pushed it off and towards the open water. I stepped into the water which was comfortably warm but deeper than I thought, and I held onto one side of the boat while Brad held the other. We helped to manoeuvre the boat into the open water and then we both moved to the back end and held on so that Ali could use the paddles.
I held onto the rim of the boat so hard that my knuckles turned white, and when I looked behind me I gasped. The entire forest was saturated with smoke, and flames shot up from both sides of the water.  It was no longer just on the other side of the water, but it was all around us. It had been closer to us than we had ever suspected and I was more thankful than ever that we found this boat. I’m not sure if we would have survived in that little cove for very long because of the density of the smoke that seemed to roll in the second we left it.
Brad and I held onto the boat and swam behind it as Ali paddled across the center of the river so we could stay clear of shallow water with rocks. The venture was a challenge at times because he kept splashing the water in our faces but at the same time, it was a means to an end and we were aiming for the end.
The river wound around to the right and after about ten minutes Meagan screamed out that she could see Grandpa’s dock.  A few seconds later I could see it, too, and it was clear of smoke and fire. I felt so giddy inside that I just wanted to cry for joy.
“We beat it.  So, when we get there we’ll get to the house, get to one of cell phones and call for an ambulance for Grandpa. Oh, Meg, I can’t believe we made it.”
“And not too soon, either. Grandpa’s temp has spiked just in the last few minutes.”
Several minutes later we were at the dock and Meagan jumped out first with the rope in her hand to tie the boat.  Brad and I pushed the boat so that it was right beside the dock, and then I pulled myself out of the water and onto the dock so that I could hold the boat from moving around while Brad and Ali lifted Grandpa out.
Don climbed out and stood there right in the middle of everyone as he tried to untie the rope that we had around his chest. Meagan told him to move to the side and then she untied the rope and threw it onto the deck. To our surprise, he didn’t go anywhere but instead he asked if he could help.
Before we went any further, Brad and I took a few seconds to put our socks and boots back on and then he quickly grabbed the back end of the stretcher while Ali grabbed the front end. We all moved swiftly off the dock and onto the grass. I took a deep breath and was so relieved that we had made it home.
But then suddenly there was a loud piercing sound that reminded me of the colossal fire crackers on July 4th.  Shooting ambers fired into the water from the other side and landed in the middle of the river.  Others shot straight up into the sky. I was amazed at how we had just escaped the many calamities that seemed to follow us, and I hoped and prayed that we would continue until we were home free.
The guys picked the stretcher up just as Grandpa began to cough and roll his eyes around in their sockets. Meagan yelled for me to come and I practically dove at him as they put the stretcher back onto the ground. That’s when he began to vomit so Ali and Meagan quickly rolled him towards me onto his side and I grabbed his shirt sleeve to help hold him there.
We hadn’t eaten for a full day and we were all hungry and tired, and the stench of the vomit churned my stomach. We didn’t really have anything to wipe his face with so I used my hand to wipe his face and then I wiped my hand on the grass. We had to move fast because his leg bled terribly with each heave.
We let him roll onto his back again and Meagan took his hand as she stroked his forehead.
“Wow, he’s so hot. Can you guys carry him up the path to their back yard? Sarah and I will run ahead to get Nana and a phone.”
Ali motioned for us to go but when we took the first step, Don began to scream hysterically.
“No, you can’t go up there. They’re waiting for us there. It’s too dangerous.”
I held Don by the arms and tried to stare at him in the eyes.
“It’s okay, Don. We’re home now. Meagan and I are going to find a phone at the house and call for help. It’ll be okay. Just stay with the guys.”
“No, it won’t be okay. They’re hiding in the trees over there and they’ll get you as soon as you get inside the house. You can’t go in there. It’s not safe. Pete, listen to me. I’m trying to help you.”
Meagan and I looked at each other and then at the guys. We weren’t sure what to do because Don had been right about almost everything else and we didn’t know if this was a warning of some kind or just his fears coming out. I was about to say something when Meagan pulled on my arm.
“Come on. We don’t have time for this. We need to find Nana and get to a phone.”
Suddenly there was a large crackle from the forest just to the right of us that made all of us jump. Ali yelled to Meagan to get to the house.
“Never mind that, we need a phone and the keys to your grandfather’s truck. We’re going to have to meet the ambulance in their little town because I don’t think they’re going to come out here so close to the fire.”
Meagan and I shot up the path as fast as we could towards the house, but as we ran I kept my eyes on the forest beside us and I could see the smoke in the distance. I could smell it and it was sending shivers up and down my back.
Meagan got to the porch before I did and we both shouted out for Nana but she didn’t answer.
“Maybe someone came and took her already, Sarah. I don’t see her anywhere, do you?”
“No, but here are the keys to the truck.”
And that’s when I remembered that the truck wasn’t working.
“Meg, we forgot that Grandpa was having problems with the truck. Remember? Now what do we do?”
Meagan grabbed the keys and yelled to the guys who were almost at the back door.
“We forgot the truck isn’t working. Grandpa said something about the battery. Do you think you can get it going?”
They laid Grandpa on the grass and then Ali grabbed the keys and huffed.
“What else? Come on, Brad. Let’s take a look.”
While they ran to the truck Don sat on the ground beside Grandpa and said he didn’t want to go inside the house. So, Meagan and I left him there while we ran back inside to find Nana. We checked every room and closest and yelled for her but there was no answer.
“Sarah, she must have gone. She’s obviously not going to stay here when the forest is on fire.”
“But Meg, I’m not so sure.  I mean, Grandpa was injured out there and then we went out there. She wouldn’t just up and leave when her family was lost in a forest that’s on fire. That’s not like her. I don’t think she would.”
“Well, she’s not here. She’s not answering us.”
“I know. Maybe she’s in the front yard or pacing on the roadway out front. Come on, let’s check.”
We searched the front yard and both directions of the road and she wasn’t there.  Then we split up and each ran along one side of the house to the back doorstep and still she wasn’t there. A creepy feeling came over me and sent goose bumps up my arms.
“Meg, you don’t suppose she headed into the forest, do you?”
We both stood and stared at each other for a second. My chest pounded and I’m sure my face was as drained as hers.
“She wouldn’t have. She was afraid of the forest, Sarah. Oh god, but then with us all lost out there she may have overcome that fear and gone in. I know she would never have left without us. Do you really think that’s what she did?”
Don was still sitting on the ground beside Grandpa and so Meagan and I ran over to the guys who had the truck hood open, trying to get the truck going.  Ali was under the hood and Brad was inside the cab.
“Okay, Brad. Try again.”
Brad turned the key and all that came out was a coughing sound from the engine. When he stopped turning the key, Ali jumped down and pointed to the road.
“The driveway’s on a downhill slope and so is the road. Maybe we can push this thing and get it to catch that way.”
Brad jumped out of the cab and tapped my arm.
“Can you steer it while we push?”
“Yeah, sure.”
Meagan ran to the back of the truck with the guys and the three of them got in position. At first the truck rolled slowly down the long gravel driveway but then it picked up a bit of speed and I had to brake so I could turn and that stopped the process.
“Sorry, but if I didn’t hit the brakes we were going right into that tree.”
Ali wiped his forehead as he ran to the side of the truck.
“No problem.  The road slopes so we’ll try it again there. And this time don’t touch the brakes until it comes on, okay?”
“Okay.”
The truck began to roll slowly and the engine coughed a few times and then it suddenly came on.
“Yes, it’s working.”
I applied the gas and drove for a few hundred feet and then stopped it and backed it up to where I’d left the others. Brad and Meagan jumped into the back of the truck, and I moved over so that Ali could take over the wheel and back the truck up all the way into the driveway. He put the gear in park and we all jumped out.
“Okay, we’ll leave this running but we have to work fast before it conks out again. So, let’s get him in here and get him to the hospital.”
Meagan ran beside Ali into the backyard.
“Look guys, Nana is not in the house. We looked everywhere and we think she may have gone into the trail to try and find us.”
Ali stopped and his face went white as he clenched his jaw.
“That’s great, just great. Look, this guy isn’t going to be able to just lay here and wait while we search for your grandmother. Besides that, look behind you. It’s not going to be that long until it gets here.”
The tension around us just kept building.
“We searched the house and the yard and she’s not there. Maybe she left a note or something. Come on, Meg, let’s go check.”
We ran back into the house and checked all the logical places where she might leave a note like on the fridge door or on the kitchen table, but there was no sign of a note anywhere. As I turned to run out the back door, however, I noticed her indoor sandals lying by the back door.
“Meg, look! Her sandals are there and her shoes are gone, her garden shoes. Now I know she’s gone into the forest looking for us.”
“Oh, Sarah, I think you’re right. There’s her shoes she wears to go shopping so she hasn’t gone into town. She must have gone in the forest. Look, there’s one of the guy’s cell phones on the little table there – and there’s the other one. She probably couldn’t work either of them and so just decided to go looking for us on her own.”
We ran out the back door where the guys were just about to lift the stretcher. Brad chuckled when he saw the phone.
 “Hey, that’s mine. So, did you call for an ambulance?”
Meagan was about to hand Ali his but instead kept it and stepped away from where we were talking so she could call. Ali shook his head and huffed as he motioned for us to look at Grandpa.
 “If he doesn’t get medical attention like right now he might not make it. We’re gonna have to split up but one of us has to get him to a doctor. We can’t wait any longer.”
Brad wiped the sweat from his eyes.
“Okay, you drive him into town, take Don with you, and I’ll go back with the girls to try and find the grandmother. Once you get him to the ambulance you can head back for us.”
Ali squinted and shook his head forcefully.
“Crap, this is not good. You guys shouldn’t go back in there and we don’t even know that she’s gone in for sure. I think we should all just get in the truck and get out of here.”
And that’s all I wanted to do, but I knew Nana well enough to know that she went looking for us. The guys carried Grandpa to the truck and laid him in the back and Don climbed in beside him, saying that he’d watch over him. Meagan and Ali hugged for second as she handed him his cell phone. He took it and shoved it in the pocket in his shorts.
 “I don’t like this but if we don’t get him to a doctor he’s not going to make it. I’ll be back for you just as soon as I can and when you find her, start walking on the road and I’ll pick you up there.”
My insides were shaking and the last thing I wanted was to head back into the burning forest, but Nana was in there and we had to get her out.  As we were running back in, the fear ringing in my ears was even louder than the crackling fire ahead of us.



Chapter 17
A Step in Time

The forest was very dark and quiet this time, not like before when it was vibrant with life and streams of sunshine radiating through the overhanging branches.  The stench of dead wet smoke lingered along the trail even though there were no actual clouds of smoke in sight.
Brad stopped us almost immediately and opened his cell phone.
“We should just call the police and see if they sent someone here to get her in the first place or if they can send a rescue team out now.  I’m just going to run back to the open area there so we can get reception. Did you two want to just go in a bit and start looking for her?”
We waited with him for a few seconds and as usual, he was put on hold so Meagan and I wandered inside the forest and called out for Nana.  There was no response and with each breath I took, the knots inside my chest tightened. I felt as if we were on an endless mission with no idea when Nana came into the forest and no clue as to how far she may be – if she even went inside.
“The smell of smoke is getting heavier, Meg. If it’s that bad here, it’ll be worse in there so wouldn’t she have just turned around to get out of it?”
Meagan kept walking ahead of me along the path and yelled back.
“Who knows? She’s upset, desperate, probably panicking, so she could do anything.  We just have to keep looking and calling for her – unless Brad says that they have her.”
We didn’t want to travel too far into the forest and get separated from Brad, and yet on the other hand we did want to keep searching for her. I looked back to see Brad and he was holding the cell phone to his one ear while his other hand covered his other ear, so I guessed that he was talking to someone. We continued to walk straight along the path but the heaviness of the dead air was getting to us, and I knew that we weren’t going to get far in here.
“Meg, I can hardly breathe and we don’t even have the clouds of smoke on us, yet. I’m not sure that Nana would keep going or even stay in here with it like this – even if she was panicking.”
“Yeah, but if she’s really worried about Grandpa and about us I don’t think she’d even notice it, would she? I just hope that Brad says they have her.”
I was about to suggest that we just run for it but Brad was jogging towards us and I was anxious to hear what he had to say.
“Okay, I talked to a guy at the police station in town and he said that some neighbors down the road had come here to get both of them but she refused to go because she was waiting for her husband to get back.”
My heart just thumped against my chest and Meagan put her arm through mine as we waited for Brad to take a breath.
“She told them she was going in here to look for us but the neighbour told her not to and that they’d send a rescue team out for us. He told her to stay in her house and wait for the rescue team, and apparently she agreed to stay.”
Meagan’s face was red and her arms were shaking as much as mine.
“So? Did the rescue team come?”
“He just said that they sent it out a while ago, however long ago that is, I don’t know. It was hard to hear him plus he put me on hold a few times.”
As we stood there staring at each other, the daunting odor of the encroaching smoke began slipping in through the trees and around us. The dream was pounding inside my head and I wanted to get out of the forest, but I had to keep looking for Nana.
“That doesn’t help us. Gees, where would she be?”
Brad took off his cap and rubbed his sweaty head.
“You know her better than I do. Would she wait for help? Does she trust anyone to come out here? Is she stubborn? Does she listen? What?”
Meagan and I looked at each other to find the answers in each other’s eyes. We thought we knew her but in times of panic, even the most obvious patterns of people change.
“Meg, she’s like my dad – like your dad.  And on top of that, she’s afraid of the woods, doesn’t know them at all and usually trusts in other people to carry these types of burdens. So, maybe she tried to come in here but got scared and left and she’s, she’s…..”
Meagan slapped her leg.
“Exactly.  She’s probably - Brad, where did you say they told her to wait?”
“In the house.”
“But Meg, you and I searched inside the house and she’s not there. Maybe the rescue team came already and they just haven’t reported that they have her, yet.”
Brad squinted and looked back at the entrance to the trail.
“Maybe - or maybe your grandmother is hiding in the house in a place to stay safe.”
Meagan beat me to the punch in asking why she’d hide.
“Because she’s afraid the smoke will get inside but she knows she has to wait for the rescue team and that she’ll hear them when they come in to the house.”
Meagan’s voice was getting anxious.
“Then why didn’t she answer when Sarah and I called for her? That doesn’t make any sense, Brad.”
“Okay, okay. So, what do you want to do? We’re running out of time.”
My thoughts were to return to the house and search it again, and I began to grab at straws for ideas of what might have happened to Nana.
“Maybe she was up all night worrying and crying and fell asleep and didn’t hear us.”
Meagan shook her head as she looked back at the smoke in the forest.
“Yeah, but Sarah, even if she was tired she would have heard us in the house when we were calling for her. She was waiting for us so she’d hear us when we called.”
Brad was getting antsy and began looking in every direction.
“Let’s continue here until we can’t go any further and then we’ll head back to the house to search it again. We’re here now so we should do what we can do now.”
We agreed with him because it seemed to make sense to at least look a little bit in here, since that’s why we were here in the first place. We ran along the shaded path towards the center of the forest and called for Nana along the way. But by the time we reached the fork in the path, my chest pounded and Brad suggested we turn back.
“It’s getting so hot in here and the air is getting cloudy. We’re not going to survive if we go much further and I really don’t think she would stay in here at this point, either.”
Meagan covered her mouth with her hand and nodded, and as much as I wanted to keep looking, I knew that Brad was right. So, we turned around to head back and that’s when I noticed a big shiny red hair clip on the ground just inside the other path.
“That’s Nana’s hair pin. She did come in here. She must have run up that path and dropped her pin.”
We turned and ran along the other path as fast as we could and yelled for Nana all along it, but there was no sign of her anywhere.  Brad was in the lead and turned around as he was trekking.
“This takes us back to the house, doesn’t it?”
We told him that it did and my insides quivered with the excitement.
“So, she came in to find us, couldn’t and then left because she was afraid or the smoke was too much or whatever, and then took this path back to the house.”
Meagan squealed with excitement.
“So she’s probably at the house and we couldn’t find her before because she was in here at that time. Oh, thank God.”
We ran even faster and minutes later we were at the top of a hill and we could see the house, so we got off the path and cut through the trees. As we stepped out of the forest and onto the field that ran along the side of their house, we all stopped and gazed at the forest. The smoke clouds were rolling in and we could hear the burning fire in the distance.
Brad took off again and was in the lead as he raced across the field to Nana’s back yard, but as he did he was startled by the smoke clouds that raced in towards us.
“Come on! We have to hurry. I hope that rescue team gets here soon.”
We followed Brad but the path was anything but even and I tripped and twisted my angle. It hurt a lot for the first few seconds but the sight of the smoke behind me made me soon forget the pain. I picked myself up and Meagan and I continued running to the house only my foot hurt too much for me to run really fast.
Brad came back to help me and that’s when familiar sounds pierced my ears and made my legs feel like rubber. Meagan screamed when she saw the shooting ambers behind us and that sent more chills shivering up and down my spine. Brad put his arm through mine and motioned for us to hurry and that’s when I thought we were going to die.
I held my breath as a hot coal the size of a basket ball flew through the air above us and landed a few hundred feet on the far side of us. It instantly ignited the ground around and I stared in horror as I thought that we really weren’t going to make it. Brad pulled my arm.
“We have to get to the house and get her out and then run like the blazes down that road. I know your foot hurts, Sarah, but we really have to move it!”
I could only hope that Nana was in the house because we really didn’t know that for sure. The three of us jogged through a shrubbery garden that ran alongside the field, and then we hustled across the back yard towards the house. The smoke was now very predominant and the smell filled the air all around us.
We took turns yelling for Nana as we ran but we couldn’t hear her answer. In fact, I couldn’t hear anything except my heartbeat pounding in my ears so I’m not sure I’d hear her even if she did answer.
Instinctively, I looked behind me and that just added more terror to my already shaken body.
“Meg, look. It’s just one big inferno back there. And the smoke….the smoke…”
“I know and it’s not that much better on this side over here, either. Let’s go.”
We crossed the back yard and finally made it to the back door step. Brad whipped the door open for us and I hobbled through with my ankle that now pounded with pain.
“We’ll search upstairs and maybe you can do this floor, Brad, okay? Yell if you find her.”
I have no idea why I volunteered to go upstairs when it hurt to just walk on the level floor, but there was no time to change the plan so Meagan stomped up the narrow staircase and I limped quickly behind her. We called out for Nana, but she didn’t respond.
“Sarah, check the closet and under the beds in our room. I’ll do Nana’s room.”
I flopped down onto my knees and whipped back the comforters to the beds but she wasn’t under either of them.  My ankle stung as I stood back up and opened the closet door. I called for her but she wasn’t there. Then I remembered that Nana has this privacy thing and probably wouldn’t have gone into this bedroom anyway just because our things were in it.
Our things! We had no time to gather our clothes or belongings and I knew that everything we brought would be burned. For one very brief second I stared at our clothes in the closet and then shook my head. There was no time to think about it. We only had time to find Nana. As I shot passed the dresser I saw my cell phone on it so I grabbed it and stuffed it in my shorts pocket.
I limped out of our room and into Nana’s and Papa’s room where I found Meagan just staring into Nana’s closet.
“What is it? Is she there?”
“No. Oh, sorry. Foolish, I know, but we painted that wall, remember? See, we signed our names on it and Grandpa wrote, ‘I love my girls’. It’s just, just hard to walk away from.”
“I know. I remember that. We had so much fun, didn’t we? I have to get a picture of this. Look, I found my cell so let me snap a couple before we go.”
I took several pictures of the wall and fought the tears because it was one memory that I couldn’t just ignore. Brad’s voice ended our trip down memory lane and brought us back to reality.
“Is she up there?”
Meagan stuck her head out the bedroom door and yelled back.
“No. Let me just check the bathroom.”
A minute later I was still staring at the wall and I could hear Meagan yelling down to Brad that Nana wasn’t up here. That’s when I realized that we had better get back to looking for her. Brad barrelled up the stairs.
“Okay, is there a basement to this place?”
Meagan and I looked at each other and I knew that there was a door to one.
“There’s a basement but not like any that you know, right Meg? It’s more like a cold hole in the ground, like a cellar with just a furnace and the hot water heater on a cement floor. No rooms or recreation room or anything. I’ve only ever been down there once and it was too cold and creepy even then.”
“Yeah,  me too. We never went down there.”
Brad huffed as he headed to the stairwell.
“Yeah, well it may be creepy but it’s the only place we haven’t looked, so maybe she went down there to stay clear of the smoke. Where’s the door?”
The door was hidden inside the closet so Meagan opened the closet door and pointed to a plain door the same color as the closet wall.
“Here it is.”
She opened the door and reached inside.
“There’s a switch here. Let me get it.”
Meagan flicked the switch several times but the light wouldn’t work.
“I don’t believe this.”
“Okay, girls, think. Where will we find a flashlight?”
I knew where they were so I hobbled into the kitchen and found two flashlights in the junk drawer. I gave one to Brad and kept the other one to use so we could help look for her down there.
“It’s kind of small and dark so we’ll go down too and  check the fruit cellar to see if she’s in there and maybe you can look around the furnace.”
Brad shone his light down the stairs and my heart thumped against my chest. I screamed and grabbed Meagan’s arm.
“Oh, no!”



Chapter 18
The Sound of Panic

Nana was lying face up at the foot of the stairs with her head and back still on the bottom step and the rest of her body on the floor. There was blood all around her head and she was unconscious.  As I tried to brush past Brad to get down the stairs to her, he instantly slapped his hand on the door jam in front of me and my chest slammed against it.
“Sarah, no! The stairs are broken.”
What? The second step to the stairwell had broken right off and there was only a small piece of a board sticking out on the right side by the wall with a couple of long nails poking through it. I swallowed hard as I stared at it and then down to Nana.
“She mustn’t have seen it and that’s how she fell. I have to get to her.”
“I know, Sarah, but just let me get down there first. I want to see what other steps are missing. This whole stairwell feels like it could fall apart any second.”
 Brad shone the light on the stairs and all around the stairwell and then carefully stepped down and over the broken step. Meagan and I didn’t waste any time and we were right behind him.  I had the other flashlight and I was shining it mostly on Nana as we descended. It hurt so bad seeing her just lying there like that. I guess I was over anxious and Brad put his hand up a couple of times to suggest we slow down.
“Just tread really carefully because this step is not that great, either.”
Just as he finished saying that, Brad slipped but was able to grab the wobbly railing to prevent falling down the rest of the stairs.
“Crap, no wonder she fell. These stairs are a flippin’ death trap.”
We got to the bottom and I held my flashlight over Nana as Meagan and I squatted beside her. Brad was shining his light all around her head and then huffed loudly.
“Wish we could call for an ambulance. She’s bleeding and somehow we have to get her out of here. Is there something we can wipe some of this blood up with?”
I scouted around the dark, musky room and in the far corner on a small bench that Grandpa must have used as a place to fix small things there was a pile of old towels torn into small rags.
“Here, use these. Gees, look at the gash on her head. Oh, Nana, please be okay.”
I don’t know if it was the timing or her hearing our voices, but Nana began to stir and Meagan spoke to her softly.
“Nana, it’s okay. We’re here. How are you doing?”
“Oh, my head hurts so much and my knee - my knee ….”
Brad moved quickly to her legs and slowly straightened her one leg that was folded under her.
“It’s not broken, Mrs. Davies. It was just bent. Does that feel better?”
“Yeah, thanks.”
I was dabbing the cloth on her head and then a few seconds later she opened her eyes wide and stared at me as she grabbed hold of my arm.
“Where’s your grandfather?”
“He’s fine, Nana. Ali took him to the hospital and he’s ….”
“Hospital? Why to the hospital? What’s wrong with him?”
“Nana, he injured his leg and so Ali got the truck going and took him to town where the doctor can look at it. Just to get checked, you know.”
Meagan’s face was feeling the anxiety of Nana’s pain as much as mine was and neither of us was certain how much to tell her about Grandpa at this point. We knew we had to get her out of the house as soon as possible, though, so Brad asked her questions which let us know that she was cognisant and receptive enough to be able to get up the stairs.
“Okay, Mrs. Davies, we need you to sit up a bit. Can you lean forward and sit up at all?”
Brad and Meagan lifted her under her arms and helped her up so that she could sit on the bottom step. I held the cloth on her head even though most of the bleeding had stopped.
“How’s that, Nana? It’s not bleeding much now but do you feel okay?”
“No, Sarah, I don’t feel okay. My head hurts and I want to be with your grandfather but you say he’s in town already.”
“Yeah, he is. And if you’ll help us get up the stairs, we can take you to him.”
Nana looked around the gloomy basement as she felt the top of her head.
“I waited for you kids for so long but you didn’t come. The Barton’s came to get us but I couldn’t leave without your grandfather so I got on my old shoes and went looking for you. But the forest is on fire, did you know that?”
Meagan rubbed Nana’s cheek and smiled as she spoke in a slightly jittery voice.
“Yes, Nana, we know that. And it’s coming this way so we need to get out of this house really soon. Can you make it up the stairs?”
“I don’t know. I’ll try. I think I hurt my knee when I fell because it’s really painful right now. But okay, okay. I’ll try.”
Meagan and I helped Nana to stand but she was weak and fell back onto the step saying that she was dizzy. Brad pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and then bolted up the stairs, so Meagan and I knelt in front of Nana and tried to keep her calm.
A few minutes later Brad came barrelling down the broken stairs and said he’d spoken with Ali and that he had just arrived in town and had only this second met up with the ambulance.
“The attendants were lifting your grandfather into the ambulance while I was talking to him and he said it’ll be heading off to the hospital right away. So, that’s good. And they’re taking Don, as well, and he has a daughter somewhere, apparently, and they’re getting in touch with her. Now we just have to get us out of here.”
Meagan and I sighed and shouted at the same time, we were so excited.  I felt as if a rock had been lifted off my chest and Meagan’s face gleamed even in the dull glow of the flashlight.
“Oh, Sarah, he’s safe. He made it.”
“I know, I know. It’s such a relief to hear that. Now we just have to get Nana out of here so we can all be safe.”
Brad moved in close to Nana to help her to her stand up again. She stood up more easily this time and we helped her to slowly turn around so she would face the stairs.
“I didn’t know that step was broken. Your grandfather had said it needed to be fixed but you know how he hates fixing things. He’s not going to be too happy with me when he sees what I did to it.”
“Mrs. Davies, that’s okay. It’s not really important right now.”
Nana smiled at Brad and I could tell by the sparkle in her eyes, even through the dull lighting, that she liked him.
“Maybe you can fix it for us later on. That would be good. Can you do that?”
“Yeah, sure. But right now we need to get you up these stairs. Ali is going to be here in a few minutes and he’s going to take us into town so you can be with your husband. Okay?”
“Okay. Let’s see if I can get up these stairs without falling again.”
Brad stood in front of her so he could help to pull her up and Meagan stood behind Nana to push her. I was squatted at the side so that I could help lift her leg onto the first step, and that sent the sparks of pain through my own injured ankle.
Nana said she was still dizzy and that made it difficult for her to keep her balance, and a couple of times she humped over as if she was going to collapse.  Meagan had her arm around Nana’s back and rubbed it gently.
“Nana, you need to lift your foot. Look, Sarah is helping you so come on. Step up on this. Good, that’s good.”
By the time we got her onto the first step the beads of sweat were streaming down my face. It was hot and stuffy in the closed in area of the stairs, but there was no time to take breaks because we had to keep her climbing up. Nana had one hand on the wall and the other on the railing which I kept reminding her not to lean on in case it gave way.
It took us a few minutes, but we got her to the next step and then Brad warned us that the step after that was quite loose and that we should be careful. He pointed to the side that was the safest to stand on and then I helped Nana lift her leg to that step. It was almost like lifting dead weight because she was only responding to me tapping on her leg and telling her to lift it. She accidently stepped on my fingers a few times and I all could do was groan quietly as she muttered to herself.
“I’m so dizzy. I don’t like it down here, you know. I hardly ever come down here.”
Brad was pulling her arms and smiling as he was talking her into taking each step.
“You’re doing great, Mrs. Davies. Just a few more steps. Okay, one more normal step and then we have some fancy stepping to do.”
We got her up the next couple of steps and then we were at the broken one. There was only a small piece of step to the left side by the wall that hadn’t broken off and I tried to get her to put her foot there but it was very difficult because she didn’t want to move.
“Nana, please, you have to work with us here. Lift your foot and put it on this piece here. Come on. We have to hurry.”
The back screen door had been banging for a while and the closer to the top of the stairs we got, the louder it seemed to get and the more it irritated me. This door had always opened and closed when it was breezy outside but Grandpa had a quick fix for everything and rarely went into any great detail when it came to repairs. He put a hook on the inside of the door so that they could keep it closed whenever it was windy outside. We hadn’t hooked it closed when we came in and for some reason, the sound of it banging this time had a daunting eeriness to it.
Nana, on the other hand, was a very methodical person. She planned things carefully and rarely took chances with anything.  She always had to know everything about a situation first and then she’d examine it carefully before she would ever make a move. And even though we discussed the fire as we climbed the stairs, and even though she understood us and agreed that we had to get out of the house quickly, it was still a major challenge to get her to move. She had to know what was holding each step safely so that it wouldn’t break.
“It’s just not very safe. Isn’t there something else we can put there? Why don’t you go see what Grandpa has over there so we can use that?”
Brad was shining the light on the step with one hand and pulling Nana up the stairs with the other. He looked behind him several times and his face was very solemn. I was at the bottom of this line up so I didn’t know what he was concerned with although I had a good idea.
“Brad, are you okay?”
“Yeah, but we really need to move a bit faster. Sarah, I know it’s hard but you need to force her to lift her foot onto that board there. And Meg, you’re going to have to really push her. I’ll pull her from here. Okay, on the count of three - one, two, three - go.”
It took several attempts before we had her left foot on the broken board and then as they carried her weight, I placed her right foot on the next step up.
“That’s it, Mrs. Davies. One more and we’re done.”
A few minutes later Nana was standing on the landing at the top of the stairs and I was so relieved. The muscles in my arms felt as if they were going to pop out and my fingers were throbbing from being stepped on.
Brad took her by the arm and pulled her into the main hallway as Meagan and I climbed up the rest of the steps and joined them.  He led her into the small sitting room where she immediately plopped down into one of the big, brown comfy chairs.  Brad motioned for her to stay there while he called Ali on his cell phone again.
“Okay, Ali’s on his way back for us and he should be here in about ten or fifteen minutes so maybe we should just stay in this room and wait until he gets here. I don’t think your grandmother is going to move very fast down the road anyway so it’s just going to be a lot of stress trying.”
Meagan and I crashed on the couch across from Nana and for a few seconds my body was thanking me for the rest. But then it occurred to me that we could grab something to eat while we were waiting.
“Nana, we’re starving. Do you have anything we can grab very quickly to eat?”
“Yeah, go help yourself. There’s a couple bowls of salads in there that we were supposed to eat last night.”
Meagan ran into the kitchen and I hobbled behind her, but as I opened the fridge door and pulled out the huge blue bowl that was filled with potato salad, she wandered onto the porch. I filled three plates with the salad and then went out to see what she was looking at.
“Look how close it is, Sarah. Nothing but smoke right up to Heaven. It’s covering the whole area across the back down by the water, see it?”
“Yeah, that’s from the amber that shot across it before.  It’s close but I think we should stay in the house and wait for Ali. There’s no way we’re going to get Nana to walk on the road. I just hope he gets here soon.”
“Me, too.  I just can’t get over how fast it’s spreading.”
“Meg, let’s get back in and grab some of that salad while we’re waiting.”
We grabbed the salad plates from the counter and took them into the sitting room and it only took seconds for the three of us to eat it. Brad jumped up to look out the window a few times for Ali. Meagan and I sat there restless as well, and that’s when I figured that if we were going to just make ourselves nervous waiting, we should do something.
“Come on, Meg. Let’s go upstairs and get our stuff so we don’t have to leave it behind.”
Meagan agreed and Brad said he’d stay with Nana so we went upstairs to grab our things and stuff them into our duffle bags. It took us only seconds to yank our clothes off the hangers and shove them in the bags, but as we did the remorse of what was happening began to set in.
“It’s all going to burn, isn’t it, Meg? All of this will be gone in about an hour, their whole life, their home, everything.”
“Not everything. Most of their stuff is in storage, remember? And this old house is in need of some serious repair so it’s not all lost. And besides, they have a new house waiting for them back home.”
“I know, but I wish we could save all this stuff. So many memories are here, all the things we did on holidays.”
Meagan zipped her bag and headed for the door.
“I know, I know. Are you done? We have to go now.”
It felt as if I was standing on death’s doorstep. Everything here would soon be reduced to ashes and there was nothing we could do to prevent it. I picked up my bag to follow her and that’s when we heard what sounded like a siren.
“Sarah, is that an ambulance? Wow, they came for Nana after all. Come on. Let’s go see.”
I was about to follow her but instead I sauntered to the window to take one last look, and my heart fell to my feet.
“Oh my god, Meg! That’s not a siren. A shooting amber just landed on the back porch.”



Chapter 19
When Dreams Come True

We raced down the stairwell and my ankle stung but I didn’t care. Meagan slammed open the kitchen door at the bottom of the stairs just as Brad pushed in from behind us. My heart pounded inside my chest as we all froze and stared at the back porch through the open door. Brad gasped and I tried to speak without crying.
“Meg and I saw the amber hit it from upstairs. This is a wooden house and it’ll burn fast.”
Brad pulled us both backwards and through the kitchen doorway.
“Come on. We have to grab your grandmother and get out of here now.”
We darted back into the sitting room and Brad grabbed Nana’s hands and pulled her to her feet.
“Come on. We have to go.”
“I smell smoke – and fire. It’s close by, isn’t it?”
Meagan and I pleaded with her to hurry but she kept saying she was dizzy and wanted to sit and rest just for one more minute. I was so scared that my own head began to feel dizzy and my voice shook when I tried to talk to her.  Brad ran back to the kitchen and Meagan took over pulling at her arms as I tried to coax her to move.
“Nana, you have to stand up. Come on. We have to get out of here.”
Brad returned a second later and said the back wall of the kitchen was totally in flames and that it was burning faster that we thought.
“We have to get out now. Let’s go through the front door. Come on, grab her arm.”
Nana’s eyes welled up and she wiped the tears away with her hands.
“You’ll have to go without me, girls. I can’t walk fast enough to beat that fire.”
I pulled on her one arm as Meagan pulled on her other one.
“Don’t talk like that. We’re all going to get out together.”
I listened to my own words and tried to stay calm but my thoughts drifted back to the dream for a few seconds and icy chills shot up my back. The smoke was seeping under the door and now invaded the hallway and the sound of the sharp cracks of the fire a few feet away quickly filled my insides with panic. I realized that we were going to have to fight to get out alive.
Brad pushed me aside and grabbed Nana’s arm and forced her out of the chair.
“Now! We have to get out now. This house is on fire and we need to get out of it now.”
He wrapped Nana’s arm around his neck and Meagan took her other arm and together they practically dragged her out towards the front door. Nana tried to walk and then began to yell.
“Misty. Where’s Misty? We can’t leave her here. We have to get her.”
“Mrs. Davies, there’s no time to get anything. We have to get you out of here now.”
Nana continued to cry as they hustled her towards the front door, and I grabbed the duffle bags that were on the floor in the hallway and followed closely behind them. In that few seconds, the smoke had filtered through most of the house.  The sound of the inferno behind us was deafening and yet through it I could hear the distinct sound of things burning and crackling. I looked back as I waited for Brad to open the front door and it scared me so badly that I pressed against them in a panic to get out. The entire kitchen was caught up in flames.
Brad flung the front door open and he and Meagan pushed Nana through it and onto the front doorstep, and within seconds he was dragging all of them down the front steps. I was right behind them and the fire was right behind me. The horrifying sound of things burning was so mesmerizing that my legs were filling with pins and needles and I couldn’t even tell if I was moving or not.
Nana screamed for Misty non-stop and then suddenly, I heard Misty’s cries over the sound of the fire. I wasn’t sure what to do but I knew that I couldn’t just ignore her. I stepped back and peaked into the sitting room and there she was, a ball of orange and black fur hiding on the floor in the corner between the couch and the wall. She was too scared to come to me even when she saw me.
I called her several more times but she still wouldn’t move so out of frustration I ran to the front door and tossed the duffle bags onto the doorstep. The smoke was getting heavy and there was an threatening crash from the kitchen. I looked back quickly and saw part of the ceiling cave in as the flames took it over.
I just wanted to run out the door behind the others but I couldn’t leave Misty here to die. It wasn’t fair to her and so I scooted across the room and picked her up and held her close to my chest. A second later there was another crash and the fire was in the hallway. Suddenly, the one side of the living room burst into flames.
It startled me and I gasped in fear as I looked all around. In just those few seconds, the fire had spread through to the hall and was at the doorway so that I couldn’t get out of the room. The smoke came at me fast, almost as if I was its sole target. I screamed for help. No one came. I called out to Meagan but she didn’t answer. The fire roared and yet all I could hear was my own heart beat pounding in my ears.
The dream. This was my dream. I yelled again for Meagan but she couldn’t hear me. I had to get out but there was no way out. Everything around me was on fire and its roar shook my insides. I stood there in a panic looking around the room. There was only one way to go and that was through the window.
I looked around for something to throw at the glass to break it but Nana had packed everything small and there was nothing around me to throw. Nana and Grandpa didn’t have modern electronics so there wasn’t even a DVD player or anything that I could get to. I looked back at the doorway that was now overtaken with smoke. It was my only option. I just had to take a few steps to the door way and turn right and then dive out the front door. It seemed easy enough but my legs had turned to rubber and I couldn’t move.
The smoke was closing in on me and it was becoming difficult to breathe so I grabbed the bottom of my shirt and pulled it up to cover my mouth. I knew that if I didn’t get Misty out soon, she’d suffocate, too. Although the doorway was just a few feet away, it seemed like the greatest challenge in my life just to get to it.
I forced myself to focus on getting out through the door but the smoke was everywhere and it was stifling my nerve to run into the hallway. I knew that I would have just do it, that I’d have to fight the smoke and dart the flames but I had to do it.
The tears streamed down my face and I couldn’t stop them and that just added to my frustration and burned my eyes even more. I swallowed hard and held my breath. Now! Go now! I held Misty tight and ran.
The flames raced me to the doorway and I could feel the heat permeating from them. My legs prickled and my chest pounded. I stepped into the hallway and headed to the front door. The dream had become real and I was terrified.
And that’s when I felt Brad’s hand snatch the shirt at my shoulder and pull me towards the front door. My head was dizzy and everything was dark from the smoke. Seconds later I was outside and he rushed me down the front steps.
He dragged me to the road and the whole time I coughed and gasped for air. Meagan hugged me and then yelled at me for going back in as she took Misty from me. I was so overwhelmed by what had just happened that I collapsed into Brad’s arms.
“Why didn’t you just follow us out?”
“Misty. She was crying. I had to get her.”
Meagan came back and put her arms around me and we stood in a group hug for several seconds.  Brad had both his arms around me and still I couldn’t stop shaking.
“Sarah, are you okay? Can you walk?”
I saw the concern in Brad’s eyes and I knew that he had been worried about me. But I felt safe and I didn’t want it to end and I didn’t know how to answer him. I had to go back for Misty and I was almost positive that if he had been me, he would have done the same thing.
“Sarah, sweet Sarah, what am I going to do with you?”
The sound of the fire was like a mighty thunder and Brad raised his eyebrows at me and then motioned for us to get onto the road.
“We have to get away from this now. Ali will be a few more minutes and we can’t wait here for him. We have to start walking. Ready?”
Nana struggled to walk with her injured knee and we knew that we would have to really support her. That’s when I noticed Grandpa’s wheel barrel at the front of the road by the ditch. Grandpa was always doing something in the yard and he must have left it there when he was working on the ditches by the road.
Brad didn’t miss a beat and he had it on the road right away.
“This is perfect. Help me get her in.”
Meagan held the wheel barrel as steady as she could while Brad and I helped Nana to get inside it. She was angry at us and said that no one should have to travel this way. I wasn’t sure if she was really upset or if it was just the emotions of watching her home burn that got to her, but there was no time to discuss it.
Brad took hold of the wheel barrel handles and Meagan and I picked up our bags that had been flung onto the road and the three of us walked as briskly as we could down the middle of it. It was a paved road, two lanes wide, which made the journey more tolerable than if it had been a gravel road. But it was outlined in wilderness bush and trees and it wouldn’t take long for the fire to get to it, and we knew that we were literally in a race against time. And so far the fire seemed to be winning.
A minute later Brad’s cell phone rang but he said we didn’t have time to stop to answer it. I reached into his pant pocket and answered it because I knew it would be Ali, and it was.
“I’m on my way back and should be there in about five minutes if the tire doesn’t blow first.”
“What do you mean? What’s wrong with the tire?”
“Well it has almost no tread on it and it’s low in air, and when I asked in town no one seemed to know which gas station had an air pump. So, I’m driving on a partially flat tire – just hope it makes it with what it has.”
I explained to Ali what had happened and he said he’d be looking for us. I hung up and told the others what he’d said and Brad groaned. He was already huffing and puffing from wheeling Nana whose weight was challenging his arms.
“So, what you’re saying is, as soon as he gets here we’ll be changing the tire?”
“I don’t know, I guess so. I’m sorry, Brad. This has been a nightmare for you.”
Brad was never lost for a come-back remark, and he turned to me with a big smirk.
“Yup, dating you is becoming hazardous to my health.”
I was tired and scared and I’m not sure if Brad was kidding or if there was actually a bit of truth behind his words. He was very special and I admired and respected him more than anyone I’d ever met in my life outside of my dad. Sometimes it was hard to know if he was kidding or not, though, and this was one time that I really hoped he was. I just wanted to have a normal date with him where I could dress up, maybe go to a movie and a treat afterwards, and laugh.
I kept up the pace with him and Meagan even though my ankle hurt a lot, but it was the least of my worries. We seemed to be doing good time on the road but the fire behind us was doing just as well. I looked back through the smoke and the fire and I knew that Nana’s and Grandpa’s home was gone forever. Meagan looked over at me and her eyes welled up.
“We made it, Sarah. Ali will be here in a second and it’s over. What a trip this has been.”
We continued along the road for a few more minutes until Brad yelled out that he could see Ali coming and that’s when we cheered. Seconds later, Ali came at us and turned the truck around so it was heading back into town. He and Brad lifted Nana out of the wheel barrel and into the passenger seat of the truck.
Meagan slipped into the cab through the driver’s door and Ali climbed in beside her as Brad and I climbed into the back.
“You two going to be okay back there?”
Brad yelled out that we were fine and then we crawled to the front and leaned against the front wall. Part of me was so relieved that we were leaving but the other part of me began to panic. The window of the cab was opened and I yelled through it.
“Ali, can you beat this? The fire is all on the one side and behind us. I can’t believe this. It’s spreading so fast.”
“Just hold on tight. This baby is going to burn rubber.”
Ali shifted the truck into high gear which was probably low gear compared to trucks that were made after the 1900’s. The ride was bumpy and hard and yet was a welcome relief because it was our escape. Brad was in the one corner and I was in the other and he yelled to me as he pointed to the inferno that we were leaving behind.
“Amazing how fast this thing is going.  We’re clearing it now but if we had to stop for five minutes it would over take us. I’m just glad you’re okay, Sarah.”
For one second I felt as if we had made it and I could tell by the way he spoke that Brad was as stressed out as I was. I closed my eyes and pictured us back at home, safe and sound.
And that’s when there was a loud bang and the truck jerked forward and Ali slammed on the brakes. My heart raced ahead in fear just as my head slammed against the back of the truck, and that’s when my thoughts went all cloudy. What had just happened?
Ali jumped out of the truck the same time Brad did. He wiped his sweaty forehead with his hand and then looked back at the fire that was now coming towards us with a vengeance. Ali growled furiously as he kicked the front of the truck with all his might.
“I don’t believe this! The tire blew!”



Chapter 20
Great Balls of Fire

The taunting drone of the fire burning up everything in its path just a mile or so behind us was making my skin crawl. The air was hot and dry and difficult to breathe, and as I stared at the dry brush beside us, I knew that it would soon become the fuel for the fire’s unquenchable appetite.
Meagan stuck her head out of the driver’s window and yelled out that Nana said he keeps the spare tire in the back under a wooden board. Brad hopped into the back of the truck even before she finished talking, and pulled off the board and then yelled out that there was a rusted well with a tire in it. It took him a minute to wiggle it loose from the box that it was attached to and then he yanked it out and rolled it to Ali who caught it and dropped it on the ground by the blown tire.
“It’s just a donut. How can you drive a truck like this and just have a donut?”
I wanted to answer and say it’s because Grandpa always only did what he had to do unless it was something he really enjoyed. He didn’t travel far, was never anxious about anything and so likely was never bothered about the spare tire. But the frustration on Ali’s face was enough to make me bite my lip and say nothing.
 “Okay, well it’ll have to do. Brad, is there a jack in there?”
Ali hung over the side of the truck and stared at the inferno coming towards us while Brad searched for the jack. I stood beside him and stared at the wheel as my insides churned and made me feel nauseous. I wanted to look back to see the fire too, but somehow it seemed less threatening if I didn’t.
Brad yelled as he jumped out of the truck.
“Ali, here’s the jack.  At least I think that’s what it is. This better work.”
Ali took the jack and put it in place as Brad tried to unscrew the wheel nuts.
“These things are rusted on here. We’re not going to get them off. Meg, can you look in the glove box and see if there’s something in there that might work. I need a wrench.”
“Yeah, hang on.”
Meagan whipped the glove box open and threw everything on the floor as she searched hurriedly for a wrench.
“Nothing here, just papers and stuff.”
My insides were jumping and without thinking, I looked back at the fire. It had got much closer just in the last couple of minutes and I could feel myself panicking inside. We had to find something to get the wheel nuts off. Brad was pounding them with a stone from the roadside but they weren’t budging.
I jumped into the back of the truck and searched for a tool to use, but there was nothing out in the open except for an old rusted shovel. I stuck my hand in the hole where the spare tire had been hidden and groped around in the rust and dirt until I felt something.
“I think I found a wrench.”
I pulled out an old worn wrench and leaned over the side of the truck. Brad snatched it from my hands and quickly adjusted it to fit the wheel nuts but it wouldn’t stay locked in place. It slipped constantly so that there wasn’t any grip on the wheel nuts, and his face turned red with frustration.
“This thing is so old and worn, it won’t stay shut. Crap, look at it, it just falls open.”
Brad glanced back at the fire and then tried it again.
“Okay, it’s working. I just have to press it here with my thumb. It’s gonna hold. Okay, I’ll get them loose and maybe you can unscrew them.”
Ali squatted beside Brad and the two of them grunted and groaned for the next couple of minutes as they struggled to remove the wheel nuts. I knew they were working as fast as they could but when my eyes shifted back to the fire my insides began to churn even more. It had gained considerable distance in just that couple of minutes.
Finally, the wheel nuts were off and the guys tugged and pulled at the wheel but it wouldn’t move. Brad kicked it violently a couple of times to get it loose and then finally the wheel came loose and they pulled it off. Ali flung it into the ditch behind us as Brad put the donut in place. Within a minute, the new wheel was on. Ali flung the jack into the back and yelled for us all to get in.
Brad and I jumped into the back and when Ali slammed the truck door we heard the loudest “Crap” imaginable.
“The truck turned off!”
He tried starting it but it just sounded like it was dying and so Ali jumped out of the truck and spun in circles as he held his cap in one hand and brushed his short hair several times with the other. I was totally paralyzed for a few seconds from my heart thumping so loud inside my chest. I couldn’t believe that yet another thing could go wrong. Brad jumped over the side of the truck and went to say something to Ali but stared straight behind me instead.
“The smoke. Look at the smoke. It’s rolling right at us. We have to get out of here now.”
The two guys whispered together and then Ali yelled out and motioned for us to come to him.
“Okay, we have to push it again to get it started. One of you girls can drive it and the rest will push. We’re going to have to push it up to where the road slopes down and then we’ll jump in the back. Hopefully that slope will be enough to get it going.”
We all looked ahead where an even greater challenge was waiting for us. On the other side of the down slope was a slight incline so if the truck didn’t start on that slope then we were doomed because it would never start on a hill. The tension was increasing and so was my headache.
Meagan pushed me towards the cab saying that I couldn’t push the truck with a twisted ankle and I wasn’t going to argue with her because it was hurting more now than it was before.  I hobbled to the driver’s door and looked back as the three of them got in position to push.
For a few daunting seconds I stared beyond them and at the smoke that was quickly coming at us. The perils of the dream came at me again and I had to shake it off so I could get into the truck. The heavy dark clouds were about a city block away from us all across the back but they were even closer on the left side.
“Sarah, get in!”
Meagan’s frantic voice broke the trance and I jumped into the truck. I put it in neutral and got ready to steer but when I adjusted the rear view mirror all I could see was the enormous blanket of smoke and it was so massive that it seemed almost as if it was resting on the back of the truck. I knew we had to hurry.
The truck began to roll very slowly and my insides were shaking. The threat of the oncoming fire was intensified by the smoke that just kept gaining on us. I couldn’t do anything until the truck got to the hill to roll down and so I gripped the wheel and got ready, and that’s when Nana began to slap my arm.
“Start it. Turn the key, Sarah. Come on, start the truck.”
“Nana, I can’t start the truck until they get it rolling. And the key is on so please don’t touch it.”
“You have to turn the key to start the engine, Sarah.”
Nana had never driven a vehicle in her life but she’d been with Grandpa when he had driven and she felt as if she knew how to drive better than I did, and I’d been driving for a couple of years.
“Nana, please let go of my arm. I know what I’m doing.”
But she kept shaking my arm and yelling at me to start the engine.
“Honey, the fire is right behind us. You have to start this thing now. Even I know you have to turn the key.”
“Nana, the key is turned on, okay? Just give us a second. We have to get the thing rolling so it’ll start.”
“You have to have it in gear like Grandpa does.”
I never suspected that Nana could be aggressive, but to my surprise she leaned over and slammed the stick shift into first gear and the truck came to a screeching halt. I jerked forward and banged my head on the steering wheel at the same time that I felt the thumps against the tail of the truck. I held my breath and sure enough, they all began to yell at me.
Brad was at the driver’s door in a second and his face was red as he yelled.
“What’s wrong? Why did you put it into gear? We’re not even at the hill yet.”
“I didn’t. Nana grabbed the ….”
But Nana reached out her arm and pushed me back in the seat as she spoke loudly to Brad.
“You need to put the truck in gear, that’s what my husband always says and I’m not sure that Sarah here knows how to drive this kind of truck. Maybe one of you boys should get in here and drive it.”
“Look, Mrs. Davies, Sarah knows how to drive, okay? You have to let her drive this and you need to sit quiet, okay?”
Nana huffed as she moved back into the passenger seat and stared straight ahead.
“I was just trying to help. There’s a fire behind us you know, and we have to get going.”
“We know, Mrs. Davies. We know that.”
Brad huffed and waved his hand to Ali and Meagan as if to say, ‘hold on’.
“So, you’re okay, Sarah?  Your cheek is really red.”
“I just hit the steering wheel when we stopped. I’m okay.”
“All right, let’s get ready to try it again, and please, Mrs. Davies, don’t do anything.”
I knew that Brad was trying to keep peace but the stress on his face told me that he was panicking over the encroaching fire and inability to get away from it as much as the rest of us were. He tapped the side of the truck and ran to the back with the others.
“It’s okay. Your Nana switched gears on Sarah but it’s okay now. Let’s try this again.”
I stuck my head out of the window to see if they were okay and I could hear Ali complaining that we’d now lost several feet of the runway and about ten minutes to the fire. A few seconds later the truck began to roll again as my eyes bounced from the road ahead to the rear view mirror.
The next minute dragged on into what seemed like an eternity of torment while my heart raced ahead so much that it hurt to breathe. The downhill slope was just a few yards away but the truck was heavy and the weight of Nana and I sitting inside it made it harder for them to push. It began rolling a bit faster and then faster and then finally we were at the top of the slope. Brad’s voice broke the tension as he yelled at Ali and Meagan.
“Meg, jump in now. Hurry up. Get in.”
I felt the weight on the truck as she jumped into the back while the guys continued to push the truck towards the downhill slope.
“Okay, Ali, are you ready? Go!”
Ali and Brad climbed into the back of the truck at the same time, just as we began to descend down the slope. I gripped the steering wheel so hard that my knuckles turned white but I managed to press the clutch with my shaking foot and then shift it into first gear. The truck slowed down when I shifted and it scared me because I thought it was going to stall, but then it began to pick up speed as it rolled down the slope. The truck was in gear and rolling but the engine wasn’t turning on.
I heard Meagan coughing and when I looked through the mirror again I saw that the smoke was right upon us. I could feel myself breathing heavy as fear was slowly gripping me. If we didn’t move soon it would overtake us and the fire that was right behind it would be our last memory. I turned back to the road and flicked my eyelids several times trying to wipe away the tears of fear that were welling up.
Please, God, please make this thing start. Please make it turn on!
The truck began to roll faster and a few seconds later the engine turned over. My ears pulsated and my heart pounded as I held the steering wheel with all my strength and stared straight ahead. The truck began to move on its own strength and I shifted it again and again and seconds later we were up to forty miles an hour.
The shouts and cheers from the back of the truck brought tears of relief to my eyes and I took several deep breaths so that I could focus on driving.  For the next minute I felt as if we were home free but when I glanced out the side view mirror I knew that we weren’t even close.
Suddenly, the air waves were filled with the sounds of firecrackers shooting into the sky and the shouts of joy from the back of the truck became screams of terror. Meagan was yelling at me to drive faster and I wanted to, but the donut on the front wheel wouldn’t allow me to go any faster. As it was, I had to hold the steering wheel with all my strength just to stop the truck from veering off to the left.
Nana screamed that fire was shooting at us and through the side view mirror I saw one come from behind and land on the grassy field that was just ahead of us on the left.
“Gees, that was close, Nana. I hope when we get to the bridge in a few minutes that we’ll get a break from this because the river opens up so wide on the other side.”
While Nana was telling me to hurry and drive faster, there were a couple more shooting ambers that came at us with loud, hideous screeches. Some of them landed very close to us and I tried to focus on the road and on getting to the bridge as soon as possible.
And that’s when Meagan’s screams sent shivers up and down my spine.
“Get it off! Get it off!”



Chapter 21
Final Destination

My first natural reaction was to slam on the brakes and help them but the fire was closing in all around us and we were drowning in the smoke. Nana was screaming that the back of the truck was on fire and it took everything I had to keep driving.
Ali was yelling to Brad to grab the shovel.
“I’ll use this board. That’s it, scoop it – okay, we got it. We got it. Throw it. Throw it.”
I turned quickly and saw them through the back window as they tossed the fire ball over the side of the truck. I was trying frantically to see if they were okay but I had to turn back to watch where I was going, and I couldn’t see anything through the rear-view mirror.  I wiped the tears that wouldn’t stop streaming down my face and glanced at Nana as she held onto Misty and collapsed back into her seat.
“Look in the sky. The choppers are up there and I bet they’re watching us.”
“Yeah, Nana, I see them. They know we’re here and I bet they want to start dumping chemicals on the fire.”
Just then Ali tapped the back window and gave a thumbs-up and I knew that they were okay. I stared ahead to see where we were going and to my welcoming surprise, the bridge was just up ahead. Seconds later we were crossing it and I felt as if we were entering a new world.
There was a police car several yards on the other side and the officer jumped out and flagged me to pull over. At first I was reluctant to stop because of the issues we had with restarting before, but then I thought that if it turned off again, we’d all just pile into his car to get away. So I pulled over and threw the truck into neutral and waited as the officer came right up to us.
“Are one of you guys Ali?”
Ali was watching and he waved to the officer.
“Hey, right here. This is everyone, Officer. This is the rest of the Davies family that I told the patrol officer about.”
“Did you see any other people along the way that we need to look out for?”
“We’re not aware of anyone else. As far as I know it was just us back there.”
While they were talking the second officer came to Nana’s door and asked her if she was okay.
“That gash on your head may need stitches. You should get to the hospital as soon as possible.”
I wasn’t sure who was left in the town or where I should go, but I knew that I just wanted to get as far away from this place as possible.
“Has the town been evacuated, yet?”
“Oh yeah, long time ago. Now you need to get to the hospital and get Mrs. Davies looked after as well as yourselves. Are you able to drive this?”
Before I could answer him, Brad opened the driver’s door and told the officer that he’d drive the rest of the way. The officer was more helpful than I ever imagined police officers to be.
“Look, the choppers are ready to dump chemicals on this and the ground crew have already begun their work so there’s nothing more for us to do here. So, just follow us and we’ll lead you to the hospital. It’s about an hour’s drive away, so do think this old can will make it that far?”
Brad snickered to the officer as he climbed in beside me.
“Well, it got us through all that so I think it’ll do just fine when it’s not under pressure.”
Brad followed the officers to Pembroke along roads that had no evidence of fire.  No one said a word and I knew that this trip had taken everything out of him, maybe even out of our relationship.  I rested beside him but my mind was spinning with everything that happened in the last twenty-four hours. I just wanted to go home.
When we pulled into the hospital parking lot, the one officer helped Nana out of the truck and escorted her inside the hospital.  She was still clinging on to Misty and I think it was likely the one thing that kept her going. The rest of us followed them in and we collapsed into the hard vinyl chairs in the waiting room while we waited for Nana to return. A thin middle-aged nurse with short blonde hair and a wide friendly grin came out to greet us and handed Misty to me, and then gave each of us a bottle of Gatorade.
“We can’t let the cat stay here so you’ll need to hang on to her. Wow, you kids sure look like you’ve been through it all. Do any of you need medical attention because now’s the time?”
I looked at Meagan and then at Ali and Brad and for the first time I realized how utterly dirty and smelly we all were.
“Meg, what color is your hair again? You are such a mess.”
“What are you talking about? You’ve got black all over your face and arms. You’re even more of a mess.”
I was dirty and I was raunchy and I didn’t care. We both giggled because we were alive and that was all that was important.
The nurse looked at Meagan’s knee and put some disinfectant on it and then took Brad’s hand and asked him to open it.
“Ooh, you’re burned. Come with me and I’ll clean that up and get you some burn cream for it.”
Brad left the waiting room and I felt sick inside. I didn’t realize that he got burned when they were trying to get the fire ball off the back of the truck. He returned a few minutes later and as I looked at him I just wanted to cry when I asked him how he was.
“I’m okay, Sarah. Don’t worry about it. We made it and that’s all that counts.”
Nana returned about a half hour later, after having two stitches put in to close the gash in her head.
“I’m going to stay here with Grandpa but the hospital has arranged for you to stay at a hotel nearby until you can get a flight home tomorrow.”
Grandpa! I had totally forgotten about him.
“How is he?”
Nana didn’t answer but instead wiped tears from her eyes. The nurse put her arm around her and smiled at us.
“Your grandfather is upstairs in the ICU ward for now. You kids saved his life. You hear that, Grandma? Your kids saved your husband’s life. You have good kids here.”
I swallowed to stop from crying and Meagan was wiping her tears with her dirty shirt.
“What about his leg? Can they save it?”
The nurse shook her head and raised her thin brown eyebrows.
“I really don’t know about that, but I do know that the doctors here will do everything possible to get him back on his feet – on both of his feet.”
Meagan nodded and spoke through her trembling lips.
“So, you’re going to stay in the hospital until Grandpa is ready to come home?”
The nurse tapped Meagan’s hands.
“We’re a friendly hospital and she’ll take a guest room on the main floor where she can stay until your grandfather gets his own room. And when he’s well enough we’ll help arrange the flight to send them both home to you. Meanwhile, those officers will take you to the hotel where you can clean up, get something to eat and maybe even get some sleep. You all look like you haven’t slept in days.”
Before we knew it we were at the hotel and I was standing in a hot shower watching the dirty, smoky water flush away black dirt and grit. I felt so relieved and so grateful that we had actually escaped death’s door so many times.
I walked into the small living room where Meagan was sitting on the couch wearing her matching clean white robe. I plopped down beside her and gave her a shaky hug.
“Your hair looks much better, Meg. Smells nice, too.”
“You too. You hair is so pretty and shiny when it’s clean.”
We chuckled as we tried to build each other up but I knew that she was worried about the guys as much as I was.
“Meg, do you think this was the last straw for us? The guys seemed so quiet and distant in the car, almost as if they couldn’t get away from us fast enough. Not that I blame Brad. All I ever do is drag him into dangerous situations and that’s a lot for a new boyfriend to take.”
“Yeah, I’m a bit worried too, although I think with a bit of time I may be able to show Ali that life can be fun without all this. I just hope that this adventure hasn’t been that one too many, you know?”
I grabbed a tissue from the coffee table and wiped my nose.
“I’ve never had a real normal date with Brad, you know. I wish I could and I’d love it to be a quiet time where all we do is eat pizza and watch a movie, talk and get to know each other. But I think I blew it and now I just want to go home and get ready for college.”
Meagan held her hand out and fiddled with the ring on her finger.
“Ali gave me this as a friendship ring. Well, we don’t have time for dating anyway. Like you said, we’ll be off to college soon and we’ll all be busy studying.”
We sat on the couch wiping our tears and I couldn’t even feel the relief of being alive anymore because I knew that I had probably lost the best guy in the world. We’d head home tomorrow and whatever we had or thought we had would be over and we’d all have to get on with our lives. Our old friend Amanda was just waiting for the moment to grab Brad and my heart was aching because I had just given her the opportunity she’d been waiting for.
We must have sat there crying and comforting each other for an hour until we were interrupted by a knock at the door. Meagan wiped her eyes with a fresh tissue and then got off the couch.
“I’ll get it. The guy at the front desk said they’d wash our clothes that were in our bags and return them to us all cleaned. Although, this robe is so warm and comfy I almost hate to take it off.”
She took a deep breath and opened the door to a short elderly woman with white hair who was dressed in the blue motel uniform. She smiled at us and handed Meagan a page that listed all of our laundry. We were both excited to have clean clothes and Meagan helped the woman wheel the trolley into our little hallway.
“Oh, thank you so much. Wow, our own little rolling closet. This is really great.”
As she turned to leave, the woman noticed an empty hanger and glanced at the list in Meagan’s hand.
“Oh, I’m so sorry. Your green cardigan must have fallen off the hanger by the elevator.  I’ll go and get it and I’ll be right back. Just give me a second.”
We left the door partly open so the woman could come right back and then Meagan rolled the stand to one side of the hallway. It did feel good having clean clothes to wear so I picked out my pink hoodie and shorts.
“She’s a sweet lady, isn’t she, Meg? Well, at least something good came out of all of this – clean clothes.”
A few seconds later there was another soft knock at the door and since I was closer, I pulled it open to let her in, but it wasn’t her. My heart fluttered as I stared into Brad’s twinkling eyes.
“We have a pizza and a movie that we’d like to share with two beautiful girls. Can we come in?”
###
About the Author

:


Ronnie Dauber is a Canadian published author who puts a bit of herself into every story she writes. This book, FIRESTORM, is the second book in her young adult action-adventure series called The Misadventures of Sarah Davies. The first book is MUDSLIDE where our heroes meet; the third book is WHITEOUT where their first college break turns into a chilling, fast-paced race against time, and the fourth book is RAGING WATERS where Sarah and her friends undergo a fearful and emotional search for a little boy with autism. Ronnie has also written one adult suspense/thriller called WHITEOUT and one Inspirational book called Let Faith Arise!


Learn about other titles by Ronnie Dauber at Smashwords.com

Connect with Ronnie Dauber

Smashwords author page: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Ronniedauber
Ronnie's website: http://ronniedauber.ca
Twitter: http://twitter.com/Ronnie.Dauber
Facebook: http://facebook.com/ronnie.dauber.author
Ronnie's Author blog: http://ronniedauberauthor.com
Ronnie's Christian blog: http://ronniedauber.wordpress.com


Here is a sneak preview of the next book in the series called Whiteout

Prologue: The Dream

Meagan and I had been invited by Brad’s cousin, Holly, to her parent’s luxury home in North Dakota to enjoy a few days of outdoor winter sports and a formal dinner party with her and her fiancé, Ryan. It was the winter break during our first year of college and we were thrilled that we could go skiing on the big slopes, but even more than that, we would finally have the opportunity to dress up for Brad and Ali.
Everything was planned so carefully and Meagan and I were excited and ready to go. We boarded the bus in the middle of the night with Brad and Ali, and after the initial excitement of the trip began to wear off, I found the gentle movement of the ride so relaxing that it put me to sleep. A while later, though, I woke up in a startle with my heart pounding and fear surging through my body from a dream that seemed so real and threatening, I just wanted to turn around and go back home. I wanted to talk to someone about it but everyone was asleep, and so I leaned back in the seat and tried to analyze everything in my mind.
I’m not sure where I was, but I was cold and shaking and the pain that was shooting up through my body was slowly overtaking my senses as I ran into the dark unknown to stay alive. The wind was howling past my head and the skies began to light up again with another foreboding crackle of lightning. Seconds later, the ground was trembling from the echoes of thunder that sent more chills across my neck.
It seemed as if I was running in slow motion through knee-deep snow that was becoming deeper with every step. There was an overpowering light of some kind that was threatening me and I had no idea what it was, just that I had to escape its clutches before it caught up with me.
Suddenly, there was an explosion that blew me into the air and then shoved me deep under the ice and snow. I screamed for help but no one heard me, and as I struggled to get out the walls of snow slowly closed in on me.
I began pushing and kicking but nothing would move, and then everything went quiet. I couldn’t hear a sound, not even the rampant storm that was raging all around me. My heart was pounding and my ears began ringing out in fear. It was becoming harder to breathe inside this cold, dark tomb that was holding me hostage. I thought of Meagan and the guys, and I began to worry if they would find me in time, or if they would find me at all.
It became more difficult to breathe and I was terrified, so I held my breath and then pushed with all my strength to get out, but it was impossible. My lungs began to hurt with each breath after that, and my head became fuzzy. I didn’t have any strength left and so I collapsed and closed my eyes as the deafening sounds of silence overtook my senses.
Then suddenly, I heard someone laughing in the distance. My skin shivered and I opened my eyes slowly, only to realize that I was still on the bus and that the laughter was coming from two people at the front.
I wanted to cry because I couldn’t shake the fear or the horrible sensation of dying alone. I've had warnings before through my dreams and I knew that something horrible was going to happen on this trip. And I was terrified that this just might be my last because I was buried alive.
###
