Spies

A Collection of Intrigue


by

Michael D. Britton

* * * *

All content copyright 2011, 2012 by Michael D. Britton / Intelligent Life Books

Discover other titles by this author on Smashwords.com

Smashwords Edition, License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Switch


Jean Mitchell landed on her belly on the hardwood floor, rolled over her bleeding left elbow to wind up under the dining table, and let rip a spray of bullets from her Uzi, the rapport sounding like someone punching the throttle on a Harley.
Crystal vases and a mirror shattered across the formal dining room while drywall splintered and pulverized to form a powdery cloud in the room.  Jean quickly caught her breath, the floor having knocked it out of her on impact, then rolled onto her back and used her feet to capsize the heavy mahogany dining table onto its side, forming some cover.
She then targeted the glimmering chandelier and blacked out the room.  She lowered her night vision goggles over her eyes, peeked over the upturned table and saw the glowing figure darting across the room.  He turned to fire in her direction, but she took him down with a short burst from the Uzi.
Jean slowly stood and holstered her weapon on her thigh, then rubbed her elbow and stepped carefully across the room toward the kitchen, the soles of her shoes crunching on the glass and other debris.  She reached her arm around the doorframe, raised her goggles, and flipped on the lights.
In the middle of the dining room lay the man she’d been chasing for three weeks.
Dead.
She walked over to him, stepped on his wrist and bent down and twisted the gun out of his hand, then stood and nudged his head with her foot.  It lolled to the side.
She spoke, and it was picked up by the transmitter lodged in her bottom left wisdom tooth.“Schenker’s dead.  Do you want the body?”
The reply came through the tiny receiver implanted in her ear canal – a man’s voice.  “No, leave it there.  Get back to HQ – we have a special assignment for you.”
No rest for the weary.

#

Jean arrived at Association HQ – a black glassy ten-story building just off the Bayshore Freeway in San Jose.  She entered the empty lobby and took the elevator down to Six Below.
In the elevator, she leaned back against the rosewood paneling and sighed.  The bullet had only grazed her arm and the bleeding had stopped, but it still stung.
She pulled the hair tie out of her long black hair and ran her fingers through it, then shook her head to loosen the strands.
Once at Six Below, she didn’t need an ID card or a badge to get inside.  She just passed through a flash-MRI doorway that read her inside-out in a microsecond, confirming her identity down to the DNA, and unlocking the interior doors.
“Jean,” said Tom Worley, a lanky ginger-haired man standing just inside the doors to greet her.  “Get cleaned up and meet me in the Switch Chamber.”
Jean nodded and headed for her office, which had its own bathroom and shower.  She unfastened her tool belt and weapons holsters, stripped off her grimy shirt and pants, and took a quick, hot shower.
She didn’t look forward to this next meeting.  The Switch Chamber meant one of two things – either she had to debrief an agent fresh from a switch, or she was the next one to have to undergo the process.
She threw on some clean jeans and a black t-shirt and headed to the Switch Chamber.
She opened the door, and it was as she remembered it – hot, humid, and dimly lit by recessed lighting.  The room was circular, about thirty feet across, with no furniture and a computer console inset in the far wall.  It smelled like wet moss.
“Jean – there’s a situation,” said Worley, entering through a door straight across from her.  Tom was about five years older than Jean – maybe 40 at most – and her immediate supervisor at the Association.  His shaggy red hair made him look younger, though, and his manner of speaking was usually more casual than the typical supervisor.  “Some junk head turned and gave you up.  You’re blown wide open in five zones.  You’ll be switched with Jamie Stanton.  She’s still dark, and has some ins that you need to close the Schenker case.”
“Uh, Schenker’s dead.  Kinda closes the case, don’t ya think?”
“No, I don’t think,” said Worley.  “Schenker’s cousin, a David Talley, is the mind behind the mess.  You need to bring him in – alive, please.”
“What?  I bring ‘em in alive.  Sometimes.”
“And you will this time.”
The door through which Jean had entered opened, and in walked her fellow agent, Jamie Stanton.
Jamie was a blonde, about five-eight, curvy – and absolutely wicked with a blade.  Jean had gone to school with her, and had worked some cases with her early on, so she knew her well enough that she knew they could pull off a switch.
“Hey, James,” said Jean.  She’d called her that since college.
“S’up, Jean.”
“You both ready for this?” asked Worley.
They both nodded.
Jean had seen this done a hundred times or more, and done it once herself as part of her training for the Association, but had never actually undergone the procedure for a case.
Worley entered some commands on the computer, and a circular area in the floor began to raise up slowly with a deep hum that gently vibrated the floor.  A fine mist started to rise from the floor around the base of the platform.  The sides of the circle stopped rising at about three feet, and the center part continued until it reached about five feet high.
Each side looked like a hospital bed, and the center was a sort of grass-covered mound, upon which lay a naked woman Jean knew was named Q’Tal.  She was an organic android with an exposed, bio-mechanical brain.  Jean had never been briefed on Q’Tal’s origin, and part of her didn’t want to know.  The strange creature appeared to be asleep, but Jean knew that her mind – or whatever that thing was in her clear skull – was processing fifty exabytes of data per second.
“Go ahead, ladies, lay down,” said Worley.  “Relax, close your eyes, and be prepared to feel – uh – well, very weird.”
That was reassuring.
Jean and Jamie both sat on the beds, one on each side of Q’Tal, and swung their feet up then laid down.
Within moments, a blue glow appeared around Q’Tal’s head, and little vines sprung forth from her fingertips, growing so fast they looked like time-lapse video of ivy climbing the side of a house.  The vines crept down and wrapped themselves around the head of each woman, blindfolding them, constricting them - not too tight, not too loose – leaving room to breathe.  Then the tendrils snaked into their nostrils and ears – a very uncomfortable sensation.
Jean suddenly felt so dizzy she was nauseated.  In the darkness, her head swirled and spun.  For a moment, she thought she could see herself, from above, her head wrapped in green strands of organic material.
Then all she could see was a blue glow – bright, in all directions – and she heard an echoing voice saying words she couldn’t understand.
And then she passed out.

#

She woke up with a jackhammer headache.
She was no longer in the Switch Chamber.  Standard protocol had her moved to her private office to recuperate.  Even though she knew this, she still felt disoriented like a patient waking up in post-op.
The Association had learned that an operative seeing their own body with someone else in it immediately upon switching could have a shock factor, and it was better to ease them into it by having them examine their new reality – their new body – before having contact with their switch counterpart.
Jean slowly sat up.
“Here, drink some water,” said Worley, who’d been standing by the door watching over her.  “It’s important to stay well-hydrated for the next twenty-four hours.”
He handed her a glass and she took it.
The first thing she noticed was her hand.
It wasn’t hers.
No real surprise there – but it still felt bizarre to see someone else’s hand under her control.
She downed the whole glass, then carefully stood and walked to a full-length mirror.  The body in which she now moved felt different, responded differently – like driving someone else’s car.  Jamie’s body was a tiny bit taller than Jean’s, and the small difference seemed somehow amplified – like when you step off a one-inch step you didn’t know was there, and it totally throws you off balance.
“How do you feel?” asked Worley.
“Fine,” said Jean, noting how odd it sounded for Jamie’s voice to be speaking her words.  “I’ll get used to it.”
“It usually takes a couple hours for mobility, a day or so for complete dexterity, and up to two weeks psychologically,” said Worley.  “But you’ll be fine.  And this way, you’ll be safe.  You’re no longer compromised and you can get on with the case.”
Jean moved close to the mirror and looked in her own eyes – but not her eyes.  So strange.  She knew she was in there, somewhere.  She could feel herself inside this body.
“Oh,” added Worley, “try to take good care of that body.  Jamie does want it back, you know.”
“Can I see her?”
“Sure.  Let’s go talk to her.  You’ll need to do a debrief before continuing anyway.  You’re going to be living her life – you should know something about it.”
“And vice versa,” said Jean.
“Well, yeah,” said Worley.  “Though she’ll pretty much be laying low until the case is closed.  That body – that identity - is still a target.”
“Right.”
Worley escorted Jean down the corridor to another private office, and knocked.
“Come in,” Jean heard her own voice reply through the door.
Worley opened the door and Jean and Jamie just stood there and stared at each other for a few silent moments.
“Come on,” said Worley, “let’s get down to business, there’s no time to waste.”
They sat down across from each other on a set of low, brown leather couches separated by a glass-topped coffee table, and exchanged the basics of their private lives, so they could more easily fit into their cover roles.  They’d been fairly good friends in the past, but they hadn’t caught up for several months.
“You’re engaged?” asked Jean, some alarm mixed in with her happiness for Jamie.  She didn’t want to have to deal with that.
“Well, yeah,” said Jamie, using Jean’s lips.  “We just set a date last week – the wedding is in three months.”  She turned to Worley.  “And by the way, this case better be wrapped up by then because I do not want Jean in Gavin’s bed on my honeymoon!  No offense, Jean.”
“Don’t worry,” said Worley, “I’m sure everything will be wrapped by then, and the two of you will be back in your own bodies.”
“Good,” said Jean, relieved.
“Now listen,” said Worley.  “It is absolutely critical that you not reveal to anyone that you’ve been switched.  The only people who know are the three of us, my immediate supervisor, and of course Q’Tal.  There can be no breaches of security here.  It is vital to this case and to the continuing mission of the Association.  Is that understood?”
“Yes,” the operatives said together.
“All right, then,” said Worley, standing up.  “Jean, it’s time to pick up the trail of our man David Talley.  His last known location was a plastic surgeon in San Mateo.  We’re certain he’s changed his appearance.  You need to lean on the surgeon to provide you the after pictures, and go from there.”
“Okay,” said Jean.  “Jamie, I’ll need your purse, your keys, and some of your clothes.  And I’ll give you mine.”

#

Jean changed into one of Jamie’s outfits – a sleeveless peach-colored hoody dress – and made her way out of Six Below to the parking lot and found Jamie’s midnight blue Jaguar XJ220, opened the door and slid into the leather bucket seat.
Nice ride.
She was about to start it up when Jamie’s cell, in Jamie’s purse, started ringing.
She picked it up and looked at the ID – Gavin.  She sighed and answered it.
“Hi.”
“Hey honey.  I just wanted to remind you of our date tonight.”
“Uh, date?”
“I knew you’d forget.  We can’t miss this – it’s the annual firefighters fundraiser.  We have obligations, you know?”
Jean rolled her eyes.  “Fine – I mean, sorry I forgot – I just have a lot on my mind right now.  Will you pick me up at my place?”
“Six thirty.”
“’Kay, bye.”
Great.  A date with Jamie’s fiancée.
Jean started up the car, its V6 twin turbo growling behind her shoulders and gently vibrating the seat.  The pitch of the motor’s humming briefly made her flashback to the Switch Chamber.  She shook her head to clear her mind, put it in gear, and took off with spinning tires.
San Mateo was a short ride in mid-afternoon traffic in a car that could do ninety in second gear.
She found the offices of Frehley, Chin, and Dexter, Cosmetic Surgery, and parked in the back.
She entered the reception area and was greeted by the young Asian girl at the desk.  “Hello, Miss Stanton.”
Jean was surprised that she was known here, and wanted to know what it meant.  For now, she’d use the familiarity to her advantage.
“Hey there, how’s it going Lisa.”  Jean had read the name tag.
“You want to see Dr. Frehley?”
“Of course.  Sorry I don’t have an appointment.”
Lisa laughed.  “Funny.  I’ll give him a call – go ahead and go on back.”
Things were getting stranger by the minute.
Jean walked through a door into the back offices, and before she could figure out where to go, she found herself facing a man in a white coat, in his mid-forties or younger, with thick blond hair and smooth, tan skin.  He looked like a surfer dude playing a doctor in a soap opera.
“Jamie, what brings you here?”
“Actually, I had a question for you.”
“Come into my office,” he said, stepping through a door marked Dr. Frehley.  
At least she had the right guy.
“Well,” she said, sitting down when he did, “I was wondering if I could see some of your before-and-after pictures.”
He chuckled.  “Planning on getting some work done?”  Then he shocked Jean by placing his hand on her bare knee.  “You know you don’t need it, honey.  You’re perfect just the way you are.”
Jean faked a smile.  “No, silly – I just want to check out your latest work.”
“Oh – you mean that guy you sent me?  The one who wanted no records of his visit kept?”
“Yeah, that guy.  Hey, I appreciate the favor you did, by the way,” she said, playing along.
“Anything for you, babe.  Well, I had Lisa destroy all the records, but I sure wasn’t going to delete the images – I did fantastic work on that guy, and kept the pics for my portfolio.”
“Ooh, can I see?” asked Jean.
“Sure.”  He swiveled his chair to face his laptop and pulled up a folder full of images.  “Check it out,” he said, handing the laptop over to Jean.
David Talley.  Before and after.
“Nice work,” said Jean.
“Hey, I gotta go suck fat, Jamie,” said Frehley.  “I have someone waiting for me on the table.  I’ll see you tonight?”
Uh, no.
“Can’t.  I’m previously engaged.”
Frehley barked out a laugh.  “Ha!  That’s good.  Fine, call me tomorrow.  Bye.”
He leaned over and gave her a kiss on the cheek.  Jean was glad it was only on the cheek.
“Bye.”
Frehley left her alone in his office.
Jean copied the images of Talley to a flash drive, then found her way out of the office and got back in the car.  As much as she liked the car, she was starting to gain a distinct dislike for its owner.

#

She returned to Jamie’s apartment in Palo Alto and contacted Worley.
“We may have a problem,” said Jean.  “I think Jamie may be a double agent.”
“No way,” said Worley.  “She’s clean.  Why you say that?”
“Because she got Talley his new face.”
“Are you sure?”
“Absolutely.”
“So, do you know what he looks like now?” asked Worley.
“Yes.  What are you gonna do about Jamie?”
“Nothing yet.  If she’s dirty, I’d rather watch and see what she does.”
“Fair enough,” said Jean.  “But she better not harm my body.”
She hung up and started searching Jamie’s apartment for any clues that could shed some light on this unexpected connection to her case.
She found nothing out of the ordinary.
So, she went through her closet to find an outfit for tonight, and slipped into a couple of different evening gowns before settling on a slinky blue number with spaghetti straps.  She found some spike-heeled shoes that matched, put her hair up and did her makeup.  The next thing she knew, Gavin was at the door.
“Wow,” he said when she opened the door.  “You look – uh – you look -” he shook his head, looking her up and down.  “You look amazing.”
Jean felt self-conscious, even though it wasn’t her body he was ogling.  “Thanks,” she smiled.
He reached out his hand, she extended hers, and he took it, then pulled her close and gave her a long kiss on the lips.
She pulled away.  “Hey, you’ll smear my lipstick.”
He wiped at his lips and looked at his fingers, smirking.  “Oops.  Come on, let’s go.”
They went downstairs and climbed into his white 2009 Dodge Challenger.
They made it most of the way to the Hotel Sofitel, a beautiful location right on the Bay, without speaking a word.
“You’re awfully quiet, Jamie,” said Gavin.  “Everything all right?”
Jean tugged her dress down across her knees.  “Just a lot on my mind.  Sorry, honey, I’m just not much fun tonight, am I?”
Gavin smiled gently.  “That’s all right.  I know you hate these things.  But the money goes to a good cause, and you know I love walking in with the most beautiful girl on my arm.”
Jean wondered if he was always this cheesy.
He continued, “Anything you want to talk about?”
Yeah, your fiancée is a snake, and I may have to kill her.  “No.  Just work stuff.”
“Troubled times at the music academy?”
Music academy?  That was her life alibi?  Great.  Better hope they don’t ask for a recital.  “Yeah.  You know, politics.  I won’t bore you with the details.”
They arrived and a valet took the car as they walked into the huge lobby.  They found their way to the Grand Ballroom, where soft music came from a grand piano in the corner, and groups of tuxedo-clad and evening gown-wearing people milled around with drinks in their hands, murmuring softly under the chandeliers.
“Gavin!  Glad to see you,” said a tall man with dark hair, walking toward them.  “And Jamie, you look wonderful tonight.”
“Thanks,” said Jean, clueless as to the man’s name.  “Gavin, I’m going to go get us something to drink, okay?”
“Sure, thanks, honey.”
Jean made her way to the bar and got herself a Perrier on ice, then wondered what it was that Gavin usually drank.
“Jamie, long time no see,” came a quiet voice from her right.
She turned to see a woman in her sixties, with snow white hair, diamonds around her neck, and a shimmering flame blue gown.  Recognition kicked in and Jean’s face lit up.  (Except it was Jamie’s face.)
“Fran!”
“How are you doing, sweetheart?” asked Frances Huntington, giving Jean a big squeeze.  “Still in the business?”
Jean knew exactly what Fran meant.  She’d been her mentor for her first three years at the Association, and she’d also coached Jamie during that time.  “Actually, yes,” she said.  “Matter of fact, I’m working right now.”
“Really?” she said, scooping a glass off the bar.  “Mundane or something fun?”
“Neither.  What brings you here?” 
“You know Charles was a firefighter.  I’ve been a big booster since before he passed.”
“Of course.”
Jean turned to face the room, which was filling in with a good sized crowd, and getting gradually noisier.  Then she saw the last thing she expected to see – and the last thing she wanted to see.
Herself.
Coming toward her.
“Oh look, it’s Jean!” said Fran.
“Hello, Fran!” said Jamie, stepping close to their old mentor and offering up air kisses on each cheek.  “What a nice surprise!”
“And what brings you here, Jean?” asked Jean.
“Actually, I heard you were here and I just wanted to speak with you.  You have a minute?”
“Uh, excuse us, Fran,” said Jean.  “We’ll be right back.”
“Certainly,” said Fran.  “You two girls, always with your little secrets.”  She smiled and wandered off.
Under her breath, Jamie said, “Just checking up on you and Gavin.  You know – a little jealous, that’s all.”
“Uh huh,” said Jean.  “No worries, there.  I don’t really like him.”  Not true – he was growing on her, but the less said the better.
“Any leads on the case?” asked Jamie fingering a coaster on the bar.
“Not yet,” she lied.  “Couldn’t find the plastic surgeon today – he was too busy to see me.”
Jean watched as Jamie exhaled, seemingly in relief.  “Well, better luck tomorrow.  See ya.”
She moved away, and Jean watched her weave through the crowd.  She was surprised at how good her butt looked.  Maybe it was time to stop obsessing over it and just accept that it was fine the way it was.
Fran returned.  “May I speak with you, dear?”
“Sure.”
“Privately.”
The two headed for the powder room, which was unoccupied.  It was lavishly appointed with brass fixtures, wall-sized mirrors, and a gorgeous pale yellow couch.
“Sit, dear.”
Jean sat, and Fran joined her.
“Jean,” Fran began.
“Jamie,” Jean corrected her.
“No.  Jean,” said Fran, looking her square in the eye.  “You’ve been switched.  You don’t need to admit it.  I just know.”
“But, how -”
“Simple little clues, a lifetime of undercover work – and having been switched myself a few times during my career.”
“But what gave it away – I need to know so I don’t blow my cover.”
“Nothing anyone but me would’ve caught on to,” said Fran.  “Mostly the greetings.  You were always a hugger, Jamie was always more standoffish.  Always with the air kisses, or a hand shake, or a wave.”
They sat for a moment in silence.
“Fran, I know I can trust you.  And since you know we’ve been switched, well, I just need to tell you.”  Jean bit her lip.  “I think Jamie’s working both sides.”
Fran fiddled with her diamond necklace.  “Hmmf.  I always had a sneaking suspicion about her.  Something wasn’t quite right.”
“And now she’s in my body.”
“That does present some challenges,” said Fran with the coolness of an experienced pro.
“What can I do?”
“Just play it like you would any other turncoat case.  Don’t let on, don’t let them get away, and don’t get killed.  You – or your body.”
“I’ll keep that in mind, thanks.  And I’m not sure what she’s doing here – she’s supposed to be laying low while in my body.  I mean, she says she’s jealous about Gavin – her fiancée  - I’m here with him – but I think there’s more.”
“Then do what you’re paid so handsomely to do – get your little butt out there and find out.”
Jean closed her eyes and gave a little smile.  “Thanks, Fran.  Always there to tell me just what I need to hear – instead of what I want to hear.”
Fran grinned, and they got up and left the powder room, heading back out into the now very crowded ballroom.
The answer to Jean’s question soon became clear – she hadn’t been out of the restroom for five minutes when she spotted David Talley (sporting his new look, of course).
Now that was handy.
Too handy.
Why would the man she’s chasing show up at this party?  
The only common denominator was Jamie.
Jean kept Talley in the corner of her eye as she crossed the floor toward Jamie, who was back at the bar.
“Hey, there, where you been?” asked Gavin, grabbing Jean’s arm and startling her.
“Oh, I, um, ran into an old friend and we had a little chat in the powder room.”  Jean found it was always easiest, undercover, to tell the truth as much as possible, providing it revealed nothing.
“Oh good,” Gavin smiled, “I thought maybe you got so bored you went to take a nap in the car!”
He chuckled naturally, and Jean saw a little twinkle in his eye.  Gavin wasn’t such a bad guy after all, and she felt bad for him – he was being lied to by her, by Jamie, and by who knows who else.  He deserved better.
But that wasn’t her concern right now.
“You’re not going to believe this,” she said, “but I just saw someone else I know.  Will you excuse me?”
“I most certainly will not,” said Gavin, linking his arm through hers.  “Introduce me.”
Great.
She led Gavin through the crowd to Jamie.  “Jean!  So good to see you!” she said, placing her hand gently on Jamie’s arm.  Her own arm, really.  Touching it, she felt strange – she kind of missed her own skin – probably because she so disliked this skin.
“Jamie, imagine seeing you here!” said Jamie.  “And who’s your delicious date?”
“This is Gavin,” said Jean.  “Remember – the guy I’m marrying?”
“Ah yes,” said Jamie, “I seem to recall you mentioning something about a wedding.”  She took Gavin’s hand firmly in hers.  “Congratulations, sir.  This is one fine woman you’ve got here.”
Jean rolled her eyes.  “Gavin, could I have just a minute with Jean – you know, girl talk.”
“Oh sure,” said Gavin.  “I’ll be over talking to the Chief.”
Gavin went his way, both women’s eyes following him until he was out of earshot.
“What was that about?” asked Jamie.
“He insisted on meeting you,” said Jean.
“What?  Why?”
“Maybe he thinks you’re hot,” said Jean, just to get under her skin.
“Right, whatever,” said Jamie.
Jean noticed Jamie looking past her.  She turned slightly and saw Talley coming over.  He was about six-two, and wore a tux and the same face she’d seen on the laptop at Dr. Frehley’s.  Dark eyes, straight nose, dimpled chin, slick black hair.
“Gotta go,” said Jamie, pushing past her and moving quickly toward Talley.
Jean turned and watched as she walked up to Talley and engaged him in a conversation.  After a few minutes, they moved off together and exited the ballroom.
Jean quickly followed.  As she rounded the doorway, she saw the two disappear around the next corner to the right, which led to the hotel rooms.  She hiked up her dress and ran after them, and rounded the next corner just in time to see them enter a room down the corridor and close the door.
Jean slowed to a walk and approached the door they’d entered.  By the time she got there, the discussion on the other side had already become heated.  She stood beside the pale blue door and listened.
“You’re not listening to me, David!  I’m telling you, you can’t trust her!”
“I am listening, and what I’m hearing is that you’re crazy!  I don’t know how you know some of the things you know, but that doesn’t make you Jamie.  What it makes you is a threat.”
“It’s not me who’s the threat, you idiot!  It’s Jean Mitchell!”
“According to your ID, you’re Jean Mitchell.  Which proves my point.  This conversation is over, lady.”
“But, but David!  You have to -”
Jean heard the unmistakable sound of a silenced pistol.
Without much thought, she stepped in front of the door and kicked it open, breaking the heel off her shoe.
“What’s going on here, David?” she barked.
“Maybe you could tell me,” said David, holstering his weapon in the vest of his tux.  “Who’s this woman?  She claims to know you – actually, she claims to be you.”
Jean closed the door, and slowly walked over to the body on the floor.  
She looked down at her own dead body.  
It felt surreal – she almost felt a twinge of pain in her chest as she looked at the bloody wound.  “I came here to warn you about her.  She’s been following me, and I think she may have been to Dr. Frehley’s.  I’ve never seen her before in my life, David – until this morning, that is.  She must be working for them.”
David kicked the body with little enthusiasm.  “Whatever.  By tomorrow night I’ll be out of the country – they’ll never find me.  Hey – I’ve got Graham and Mikey out on the floor.  Go get them to get rid of this, will you?”
“No – I’ll take care of it,” Jean said quickly.  “My car is parked just outside your window.  I’ll just drag her off the balcony into my trunk.  Don’t bother the boys – I can handle it.”
“Fine.  I gotta get back out there – I’m a big donor, you know.”
He left, and Jean quickly got to work.  She whipped open the drapes, slid open the glass door to the balcony, placed a towel over her shoulder to keep herself clean from the blood, and hoisted her own body over her shoulder.
She carefully climbed down to the parking lot – only a two foot drop, but rough with a body over her shoulder and a broken heel.
She’d lied about the car.  She had no idea where it was parked.  She hid the body in the bushes, then walked to the front of the hotel and found the valet’s hut.
“Hi, I need my car, please,” she said, faking tears.  “I have to go – go home.”
“Oh, yes, ma’am,” said the valet.  “Do you have your receipt?”
She started to cry harder.  “N-no.  I just want to leave.”
“Uh, okay, which car is it?”
“The white Challenger.”
“I’ll have it right out.”
He brought the car round in quick order, and she got in, drove to where she’d left her body, and cautiously loaded it into the trunk.  Then she drove around to the service entrance.  She got out and ran to the back door of the main restaurant’s kitchen.  A man in a chef’s outfit stood outside smoking a cigarette.
“Hey,” she said.  “I’ve got a major party going on.  You got any ice?  I mean, lots of it.”
“What do I look like, lady?”
Jean pulled out three crisp hundred dollar bills.  “Looks like it’s your lucky day.  Ice.”
His eyes widened, he dropped his cigarette and stomped it, then took the money.  “How much do you need?”
“Get me twenty bags.”
He came back out with a cartload of ice bags.  “There ya go.”
As she rolled the cart toward the car, she heard the chef mutter, “Rich people.”
She popped the trunk, packed the ice all around her body, and parked the car near the front of the hotel.  Then she went in to find Fran.  She needed her help.
As she reentered the ballroom, she looked around for Fran, having completely forgotten about Gavin.
But he hadn’t forgotten about her.
“Jamie!  Where have you been?  You’re supposed to be on my arm, making me look good.”
“Oh, I’m sorry.  I – I broke a heel.  See?”
“Oh.  Huh.  You know what?  I think you left a pair of shoes in my trunk.  We can- ”
“No!  No, it’s okay.  Um, those shoes don’t match.”
“Well, you can hardly walk around like that,” he said.  “Look – we can leave pretty soon.  I’ve put in my appearance.  Maybe you could have a seat – and I’ll make one more round of glad handing then we can split, okay?”
“Sounds good,” she said.
Gavin walked her to one of the plush couches that lined two of the walls of the ballroom, then went off to mingle some more.
Jean sat and scanned the room for Fran.  The crowd had already started to thin some, and as she looked across to the opposite side, she saw two men she assumed were Graham and Mikey “escorting” Fran out through a back door.
She stood and headed her way, but was waylaid by Gavin.
“I thought you were just going to sit out the rest of this?” he said.
“I, I – uh, I’m not feeling so well.  I’m going to go outside and get some fresh air.  Mind if I sit in your car?”
“Oh sure, no problem, honey.  Here’s the valet receipt for the keys.  I promise I won’t be much longer in here, really.”
He placed the receipt in her hand, gave it a squeeze, and she quickly headed for the main doors.  Once outside, she took off her shoes, lifted her dress and ran to where she’d left the car, with her own body on ice in the trunk.
She saw Talley’s henchmen shove Fran into a black panel van parked in the rear and take off out a back exit of the parking lot.  She fired up the Challenger and followed.
They drove a long, circuitous route – either trying not to be followed, or simply utilizing their time on the road.  Jean feared they were roughing Fran up in the back of the van, trying to get her to talk about why she was speaking with Jamie.
Jean followed for nearly a half hour, then the van pulled down an alley.  She parked across the street that looked down the narrow road between two buildings, and watched as they dumped Fran, slammed the doors, and took off.
Her first instinct was to go check on Fran, determine if she was alive, dead, or just injured.
But she couldn’t let the van escape – it could lead her back to Talley’s location.
Reluctantly, she followed the van, leaving her old friend suffering in an alley.  She pulled Jamie’s cell phone out and dialed 911, tipping them off that a woman had been mugged in that alley and was still lying there.
Then she carefully tailed the van all the way to the top of Alameda de las Pulgas in Belmont, where it turned down a side road and pulled up a steep driveway.
Jean killed her lights and pulled over, then watched them get out and go into a house.
She slid her dress up to her thighs, slid her hand between her legs, and pulled out her Glock that was holstered high up on her inner thigh.  She turned off the dome light before opening the door and creeping out into the night.
The street was not lit in this part of the block, so she had no trouble approaching the house undetected.  She was about to hop the fence into the back yard to come in through the back door, but heard a dog on the other side, and decided a frontal assault may be best.
She climbed the rock steps past the Italian cypresses that stood like sentinels in front of the house, and reached the second story front door.
She verified the silencer was screwed on tight, and flicked off the safety.  Here goes nothing.
She kicked in the front door.
To her right, Graham and Mikey sat in the living room, having already broken out the cards and started a game.
She picked them off with a single quick shot to each of their heads.  They didn’t even have time to reach for their guns.
Then she headed through the house until she found Talley, who was in a bedroom with a woman.
She leveled the gun at Talley, who looked mildly surprised.
“Can’t you see I’m busy, here?” he said.
Jean flicked the end of the Glock, gesturing to the girl to leave.  “Take off,” she said to her.  “You don’t want any part of this.”
“Davey, is she your wife?” asked the girl, gathering a sheet around her and standing, then shuffling toward her pile of clothes on the vanity in the master bath.  She didn’t take her eyes off the gun the whole time.
“Just a coworker,” said Talley.  “Don’t worry about it, sugar.  I’ll call you tomorrow.”
The girl grabbed her clothes and made a hasty exit.
Jean approached Talley and noticed a pair of handcuffs hanging from the bed post. 
Convenient.
Kinky, but convenient.
“Put these on,” she said, tossing them at Talley.  “Behind your back.”
“Mind if I put on my shorts, first?”
“Actually, yes, I do mind.”
He rolled his eyes and cuffed himself, then stood up.
And then Jean shot him.
Just grazed his upper arm.  A nick, really.
He winced.  “What you do that for, Jamie?” he whined.
“Just a warning shot across your bow.  You do anything other than what I tell you, I will adjust my aim.  Understood?”
He just nodded.
“Now move.  Out the front door – to my car - across the street and down a couple houses.”
“Where’s Mikey?  And Graham?”
“They’re not coming,” she said, as they passed the living room where Talley’s muscle lay still on the green, deep-pile carpet.
“Are you crazy, Jamie?” asked Talley as they went down the front steps.  “Have you been working for them this whole time?”
“I’m not Jamie,” she said.
She stuffed Talley into the passenger seat, and strapped him in with the seatbelt wrapped once around his neck, then pulled it taught.
She reached into the back seat and grabbed a pair of Gavin’s sweat pants that were lying there and tossed it across Talley’s privates, then put the car into gear and sped off into the night.

#

The Association’s top-notch surgeons were able to repair Jean’s body.  Thanks to her quick thinking - putting it on ice - they managed to restore it to functionality with only minimal damage that would take a few weeks to fully recover from.
Q’Tal restored Jean to her original condition, leaving Jamie’s body an empty husk – since there was no Jamie anymore to inhabit it.
The first thing Jean did was head to the hospital to visit Fran.
“Thank you for watching out for me,” said Fran, after Jean sat down at her bedside in the ICU.  She was in awful shape – battered head to toe.  The doctors weren’t hopeful for recovery.
Jean pushed a tear away.  “Fran, I didn’t take very good care of you.  I just left you there in the alley.”
“You made sure I was safe.  As I did you.  Those thugs put some serious pressure on me, but I didn’t give you up, Jeanie.  I didn’t – break.”
“No, you were strong as ever,” said Jean, grasping Fran’s hand.
“Did you get your man?”
“I did.  Brought him in alive.”
Fran closed her eyes.
“Congratulations.  You know, I met Jamie’s fiancée at the party.  Gavin.  He’s a good man.”
“I suppose he is,” said Jean.
“He really liked you,” said Fran.
“Me?  He’s never even met me,” said Jean.
“Of course he did, dear.  I’ve been switched enough times to know that a body is just a body.  Last night, Gavin fell in love with you, not Jamie’s body.  He just didn’t know it.”
“You’ve always been such a good judge of character,” said Jean.  “But I find that hard to believe.”
“Believe it.  He and I spoke for a little while.  He said there was something different about Jamie last night – that although she seemed distracted, he felt something he’d never felt before, and loved her more than ever.”
“Perhaps he’d had a little too much to drink.”
“Jean, the reason I was such a good agent – I had a way of getting people to open up to me.  Baring their souls.  Take it or leave it.  But I think you should be the one to return Jamie’s body to him.”
“All right,” said Jean.  “I’ll ask Tom if I can lead that detail.  It’s supposed to happen later today.”
“Good,” Fran smiled weakly.
Then she closed her eyes again.
And went limp.

THE END


* * * * *


Superthread


The building shook like a Turkish belly dancer.  The lights went out, and the emergency lights did not come on.  
It was pitch black.
As I stood in the corridor on the top floor of the World Trade Center north tower, I thought a hole had appeared in the roof, allowing a cascade of iridescent light to tumble in.  But it soon became apparent that was not the case.  A gentle, twinkling hum met my ears as the light quickly grew brighter, and my skin tingled as though I’d had a brush with death.  The light faded, and standing before me was a man in an unfamiliar uniform – his visage lit by the glow of some kind of handheld computer.  
He reached toward me with his empty hand and said, “Come, quickly, there is no time to waste, Michael.”
The building shook again.  Caught up in the bizarre moment, I stepped toward him, my heart pounding, and was swept away in another burst of light.  For an instant, I felt disembodied, and the next thing I knew, I was in a room that was clearly not a part of the WTC.
“Welcome,” said the man.  “I’m Commander Roman.  I’m sure you’re feeling very disoriented right now.  Please, just come with me and all will be explained.”
My mind was racing with questions, but I kept my mouth shut, choosing instead to contend with the mild nausea in my stomach.
Commander Roman spoke, but not to me.  “Yes, he’s been secured.”  A pause.  “No, no there were no incursions – it was a clean recovery.  I’m bringing him there now.”
Roman stood a little taller than me, and I glanced up to his ear.  I tiny blinking light in his ear canal explained his conversation – he had some kind of implanted communication device.
“Why do I feel sick?” I asked.
“We can approximate Earth gravity, but there’s nothing quite like the feeling of having a planet under your feet.  That sure, solid rock just can’t be duplicated, you know?”
“No, I don’t know - I mean, that’s all I have ever known!  What are you even talking about – approximate gravity?”
“I’ve said too much already,” said Roman.  “It will all be explained shortly.”
We rounded a corner and entered some sort of conference room.  One wall of the room consisted of a huge, floor-to-ceiling window.  It looked to be nighttime outside – which was weird, since it was about nine o’clock in the morning last I checked.  In the center of the room was a long, oval table with a highly polished surface.  A man with flawless black hair sat at the far end, wearing a similar uniform to Commander Roman.
“Michael, have a seat,” the man said.  “I’m Captain Anthony Stone.  This is my ship,” he said, indicating our surroundings by stretching out his arms.
“Ship?” I asked.  “What are you talking about?  We’re nowhere near the ocean.  A couple of minutes ago I was on the top floor of the World Trade Center.  There was an earthquake – or something – and then your man brought me here – though I don’t understand how.”
“I understand your perceptions.  Unfortunately, you don’t quite have a grasp on reality right now.  But I’ll help you.  First off, it wasn’t an earthquake that you felt in that building – it was an attack.”
“Terrorists?” I asked, my heart starting to pound as I recalled the day eight years ago when a bomb went off in the WTC parking garage.
“You could say that.  I’ll explain in a minute.  As for how you got here – we used a technology that is, as-yet, unfamiliar to you.  We call it a translocator.  It basically converts you into a data stream and sends the data at the speed of light, then rebuilds you at the destination from quantum-entangled matter.”
“A teleporter?” I scoffed.  “That kind of technology doesn’t exist.  I mean, it’s just theoretical at this point.”
Stone slowly shook his head.  “Obviously not,” he said.  “You’re here, aren’t you?”
I looked around the spartan room.  “And where is here, exactly?”
“Come, I’ll show you,” said Stone, rising from his chair and moving toward the window.
I walked to the glass and stood near the captain.
“See?” he said, pointing down and to the left.  “That blue dot, there.  That’s where you were.”
I peered down and saw a blue and white sphere.  It appeared to be about the size of a ping pong ball at my feet.  “Earth?”
“Yes.  And that tiny white dot out there is the moon.”
“That – that’s impossible,” I protested.  Without warning, the nausea I’d felt for the last few minutes swelled up inside me, and I felt like I’d swallowed my heart.  Unable to control it, I dropped to my knees and threw up on the floor.
“I’m sorry,” I said, wiping some drool from my mouth in embarrassment.
Right on cue, it seemed, two uniformed men came into the room and cleaned up my mess using some kind of silent Dustbuster as Stone helped me to my feet and guided me to a seat at the table.
“You’re fine,” he said encouragingly.  “Nothing to be sorry for.”
On his way out, one of the other men placed a glass of water before me, which I picked up with a shaky hand and sipped.  The cool water soothed my burning throat.  My brain told me I had just seen the Earth from afar, but my gut told me this was some kind of elaborate setup.  Feeling unsure, I probed for answers.  “I still don’t understand,” I said.  “What is going on – who are you people?”
“The building you were in,” said Stone, “it was destroyed.  You would’ve died had we not extracted you when we did.”
“What about everyone else in the building?” I asked.  “There were hundreds – thousands of people . . .”
“Nearly three thousand of them perished,” said Stone, looking solemnly toward the window.
“Why?  Who did this?”
“It’s complicated,” said Stone.  “Perhaps it would make more sense if I first explained not who they are, or even who we are – but who you are.”
“I know who I am,” I said.  “I’m Michael Jacobsen.  I run a research lab in New York City.  A few minutes ago I was on my way to deliver an important presentation to some sponsors on the top floor of the World Trade Center.  Now I’m thousands of miles from Earth, throwing up in a floating conference room.  So give me answers, not riddles!”
“All right,” said Stone.  “I’ll brief you on the facts.  But you won’t believe me at first.”
I just stared at him.
“Your name is Michael Dennis.  You are a chrono-agent.  You were born September 12th, 2001.”
“Wait – wait,” I said, holding up my hand.  “That’s tomorrow.  Why don’t you start over, and tell me the truth this time.”
Stone sighed.  “Just keep listening.  You were born September 12th, 2001.  About ten years ago, on November 18th, 2027, your current assignment was initiated.  You returned to February 20th, 1991.  From there, you began to carry out your mission.”
“You’re crazy,” I said.
“What do you remember from before 1991?” he asked.
“Lots of things,” I said.  “Let’s see, in ’91 I formed J-Tech Industries.  Before that, I got my doctorate, and before that I was in college.  Before that I was in high school.  I remember when Reagan was elected in 1980.  What’s your point?”
“You don’t really remember those things,” said Stone.  “You are aware of those milestones as facts, but can you really describe to me a specific, personal memory associated with anything before 1991?”
I thought for a minute.  My mind was fuzzy, my thoughts swirling, and I couldn’t put my finger on anything in particular.  “Well, that was a long time ago.  So, no, not exactly – it’s just kind of vague.  But so what?  Nobody has a perfect memory.”
“But we do have memories,” said Stone.  “And you do, too.  It’s just that your real memories – of the real you – have been carefully stored offsite, and are not currently accessible to you.”
“Offsite?” I asked.  “What exactly is that supposed to mean?”
“It means we made a backup, and we will restore that backup as soon as it is prudent.”
“All right, I’ve heard enough,” I said, standing up.  My knees were still a little wobbly, but I didn’t let it stop me.  “Take me back to New York.  Now.”
Stone’s eyes moved to the door, where two beefy guards stood like statues.  “Why don’t you just sit down and hear me out?” he asked, more of a command than a request.
I glanced at the menacing guards, considered my trembling knees, and thought better of trying to escape.  For now.
“Okay,” I said, slowly sitting back down.  “Convince me that your little tale is true.  And tell me what you want from me.  I’m all ears.”
“Activate display,” said Stone, to no one in particular.  A paper-thin, translucent screen appeared between the two of us, hovering a few centimeters above the surface of the desk.  He placed both of his hands palm down on the smooth surface of the desk, and the area around his hands began to glow a faint green.  I could see right through the floating visual display to the face of Stone, whose eyes were closed for a few moments.  Then some data appeared on the levitating viewscreen.  I surmised that Stone was using some sort of thought interface that worked through his palms and his desktop.  From my vantage point, I could see the files he was pulling up – the words appearing in reverse, with Stone’s face just beyond the image.  The screen’s luminescence cast a warm glow on his features, and revealed him to be a little older than he’d appeared at first.  I watched as Stone input commands simply by looking at different areas of the display.
“Here,” he said.  “I’m going to show you a little movie.  Pay close attention.  You should recognize the star.”
The image flipped in three dimensions so that it was oriented toward me – no longer a reverse image – and a video recording then played back.  
It was me.
Only I was younger, and I was doing things I’ve never done, in a place I’ve never been.  It must have been recorded about the time I finished college, but I had no recollection of it whatsoever.
First, I was climbing into some sort of tight-fitting space suit.  Then I addressed the recording device directly.  “Today is November 18th, 2027.  My name, and therefore your name, is Michael Dennis.  We were born September 12th, 2001.  I am a chrono-agent for the Allied Time Corps.  So are you.  ATC is sending me on a mission to 1991.  To accomplish this, I will have to undergo a bulk download of my tertiary memory patterns.  Once this is completed, I will be sent back, with only my mission parameters and some false memories to guide me.”
I stared at the screen in disbelief.  Surely this was some kind of clever fabrication.  The video continued.
“When I am retrieved, or rather, when you are retrieved, you will not believe any of this.  You will be so immersed in your new identity that the truth will seem like a lie.  My handlers have assured me that reintegration is possible – but difficult.  There have been cases where an agent was lost to his cover.  Michael,” here, my twin on the screen seemed to look directly into my soul, “don’t let this happen to you.  I want my life back when I’m done with this mission.  Now, an upload of my tertiary memory patterns will not be possible until your mind is prepared to accept them.  Any attempts to do so otherwise would result in the destruction of the patterns, and possible brain damage.  The first step in preparing your mind is about to take place.  In a moment, I will speak a key phrase, one that has been programmed, like a post-hypnotic suggestion, to begin reorganizing your neural pathways.  It only works when spoken by me.  The phrase is, the doors to my mind will open in time.”
As I heard my doppelganger speak those words, it was like a spell came over me.  I was overcome with a sense of déjà vu, like I was remembering a dream I had once had – perhaps as a child – a dream with which I was intimately familiar, yet from which I was somehow removed.  I felt like I knew what would happen next, only the details of the prediction were just out of reach of my consciousness.
Stone spoke and disturbed the strange, swimming sensation of my mind.  “Michael, you must understand.  The reintegration algorithm may not work exactly as it was designed – it’s possible you won’t just snap out of this.  Your mission was not supposed to last so long.  We intended to pull you out after only thirty-six months under cover.  There were some – problems – and you were gone for over ten years.”
I stared at Stone through a mental haze, still disoriented.  “Problems?”  I murmured.
Stone closed the playback image by simply closing his eyes for what looked like a long blink.  As he lifted his palms from the desk, the green glow quickly faded.
“When the time came for your original extraction, we were unable to initiate the chronovex – that’s the equipment we use for time relocation.  We were working on a solution when we were attacked by our enemies – people related to the ones who attacked your World Trade Center.  The chronovex was destroyed in the attack.”
“Thirty years from now you’re still fighting those people?” I asked, amazed.
“Unfortunately, yes.  But the nature of the war has changed somewhat.  A few years ago, they got their hands on some classified tech, and built their own chronovex.  Now, much of the war is taking place in the past on various strands of time.”
“You’re talking way over my head,” I said.
Stone raised his hand to thwart further interruption, and continued with his narrative.  “When we lost the chronovex, we had eight agents in the field – all were lost to time.  Once we rebuilt the unit, we managed to retrieve three of the lost agents, but three had died during their extended assignments.  You are the next to last to come home, Michael.”
I tried to get my head around this fanciful story.  “So, you’re saying that the last ten years of my life have been a lie?  That I’m really somebody else?”
“It’s not just me saying it,” said Stone.  “You just heard it right from your own mouth.  Of course – before you left, you had no idea you’d be gone so long.  Nobody did.”
I thought back on what Stone had just said.  “So, there’s one more agent unaccounted for?”
Stone became visibly uncomfortable, shifting in his seat and clearing his throat.  “I wasn’t going to talk about this until you were reintegrated.  But, time is of the essence.”  He breathed out a short sigh.  “The final missing agent – was Nikki Dennis.  Your wife.”
“My wife?”  Just hearing her name made my stomach lurch and my heart pound.  
Yes, my wife.  
I think I remember.  
Nikki.
“There’s more,” said Stone.  “She’s been under cover for even longer than you were.  Six months before you left on your mission, ATC sent Nikki back to 1993 on a special assignment.”
“And?”
“Well, this takes some explaining.  There are two components to the chronovex,” said Stone.  “First there’s the actual relocator.  It detects variances in the space-time continuum and finds entry and exit points for travel to time threads that we have determined to be statistically viable.  As such, we are constrained in our targeting.  We can only send and retrieve from certain, specific points in time.  The windows of opportunity are moving ever-forward, effectively limiting our range.  The second part is the method we use for tracking agents.  The chronovex has the ability to view historical threads, but the scope is greatly limited.  We tag our agents with a chronovariant implant that allows us to at least see the agent when the windows open, but that’s the extent of our ability.”
The explanation made sense.  It shouldn’t have, but it did.  It was like I was reviewing old high school classes long forgotten rather than hearing about strange new technologies.
Stone continued.  “The problem with Nikki is that she has essentially, for want of a better word, gone rogue.  She fulfilled her initial assignment, but when ATC failed to extract her, she, like you, took on her assumed identity as her own.  And from what we’ve seen, the results have been disastrous.”
Despite feeling like I had two brains, it was all starting to fall into place for me.  “Let me guess,” I said, “you want me to go back and retrieve her.”
Stone allowed a tiny smile to flit across his lips.  “You’re catching on.  The next available window will send you back to 2016, just in time to make a difference,” he said.  “At that point, Nikki will have been undercover for over twenty years.  She will appear about the age you are now.”
“And where will she be?  What is she doing?”
“Michael, a lot has happened since she was sent back.  By 2016, Nikki has worked her way to a position of power.”
“Why don’t you just tell me,” I asked.
“Nikki’s new identity is a woman named Nikki Scott.  In 2016, she is the leader of a militant separatist faction called Slaves of Freedom.”
“What?” I blurted, slamming my hand down on the table.  “I’ve heard of her!  She’s been rumored to be involved with some very nasty people.”  Anger percolated to the surface.  “How could you have allowed this to happen?”
“It wasn’t me, Michael,” Stone said.  “Don’t forget – when you were first sent on your mission, I was only twenty-two years old.  ATC has done its best over the years to cope with this situation.  Now we need you to finish it.”
I stewed for a minute while I let it all sink in.  This absurd reality was becoming more and more real to me.  “So what am I supposed to do?  Bring her in, dead or alive?” I asked with disdain.
“You have to understand,” said Stone.  “She cannot be allowed to continue the course she is on.  We don’t know why, but every thirty-one years, the various time lines align, and a single strand takes precedence, eliminating the loose threads.  We’ve identified Nikki’s thread as the superthread, the one that will take precedence when the time lines merge.  For now, we’re safe.  But by this time next year, if the Nikki time line is not resolved, life as we know it will be changed dramatically – for the worse.”
“How?” I asked.
“The last chronovex history viewing window indicated that Nikki Scott plans to merge her radical organization with a foreign one that shares the same goal – to overthrow and destroy the federal government of the United States.  She’s adopting the ‘any enemy of my enemy is my friend’ philosophy.  If she continues in her current course, it will threaten the outcomes we associate with peace and prosperity.  In fact, it could change the very nature of ATC and our existence here, now.”
“Wouldn’t that be a paradox?” I asked.
“Perhaps,” said Stone.  “It’s hard to say – something like this has never happened before.  We’ve never had agents lost to time, making drastic, unplanned changes to history.  These missions have always been carefully choreographed, but now, well, it’s all gone haywire.  This is all new to us, and we’d rather not find out how bad it can get.”
I sat back in my chair, attempting to take it all in.  Although Stone’s words were all making sense to me, part of me was still anchored in my former reality.  Ten years was a long time.  Those memories were fresh, but as the moments passed, they were starting to feel like they belonged to someone else – like the recollection of a movie or a really good book.  The more I concentrated on the thought of Nikki, the more I could accept this and the more grounded I felt in my “new” reality.
“Tell me,” I said.  “Let’s say I go back to 2016 and find Nikki.  How can I convince her that she is not who she thinks she is – that she’s from the future – that she’s my wife?”
“Unfortunately, you’ll have to figure that out for yourself, Michael.  The chronovex is not capable of transporting technology through time, so you can’t carry her restoration visual with you and show it to her.”
“Her restoration visual – you mean, like the video I just saw of myself – where I say the magical phrase that fixes my brain?”
“That’s right,” said Stone.  “You’ll be on your own.”
“Why can’t we just snatch her, the way your Commander Roman did with me?” I asked.  “Then we can just show her the restoration visual once we have her back.”
“It won’t work,” said Stone.  “Yours was a special case.  We can’t just go around abducting people from the past - it would cause too much contamination to the time line.  We lucked out with you – you were about to become ashes – everyone in that time line assumed you dead either way.”
“Dead - like the rest of the people in the twin towers,” I said, a pang of survivor guilt gripping my heart.
Although I was adjusting to my new reality, I still felt for all those who had died.  Some were my business associates, most were total strangers.  All were innocent human beings.  My mind returned to the questions associated with that attack.
“Exactly,” said Stone, seemingly oblivious to my feelings.  “Besides, the windows of opportunity for time relocation are specific, and the next window is way too close to call.”
“Too close to call?”
“We believe a critical event will occur in early 2017.  There’s a time window very close to it, and one a little earlier.  We’re going to go with the earlier one to give you time to effect a favorable outcome.”
 “Did Nikki’s group have something to do with the events of September 11th, 2001?” I asked, trying to connect the dots.
“Not directly,” said Stone.  “But the groups she is allying with did.  And that’s why she has to be stopped.”
“And you figure I’m the best man for the job.”
“If anyone can pull Nikki back to reality, it’s her husband,” said Stone.  “Now, you need some rest, and then we need to brief you on all the relevant events that occurred between 2001 and 2016.  Your time window is due to appear in about thirty hours.”
I nodded, my confused mind starting to get settled.  I decided some rest may be just what I needed to get a handle on all this.  Commander Roman returned to the room and led me to my quarters, where I fell asleep as soon as my head hit the pillow.

#

I awoke to the sound of a man yelling at me.
No, he wasn’t yelling – just trying in vain to rouse me from my slumber, his voice growing more and more harsh with each attempt to break the spell of my turbulent dreams.
“Michael.  Michael!”
I forced my heavy lids open and focused on Commander Roman.
“You need to get up, Agent Dennis,” he said.  “There’s much to do today.”
I willed myself to stay awake, and pushed myself up on one elbow.  “How long was I out?”
“You’ve been asleep for more than four hours,” said Roman.
“How generous,” I said.
“What?  You want to sleep all day?”
I crawled out of the bed and slipped into some clothes that had been prepared for me.
“New?” I asked, indicating the clothing.
“Can’t have you walking around in 2016 wearing decade-old fashions,” said Roman.
I buttoned up the shirt.  “I had the weirdest dreams,” I said.  “Dreams of Nikki, dreams of lots of people dying.  Hardly restful.”
“I’m sorry to hear that,” said Roman.  “But if you think your dreams were weird, wait till you get your briefing today.  The period between 2001 and 2016 saw some very – interesting – developments.  And it’ll be key that you remember all that you learn.”
“Right.”
We left my quarters and headed down a long hallway.  The artificial gravity of the ship was still playing tricks on my empty stomach.  As if reading my mind, Roman said, “You hungry?”
“Starved,” I said.
“Well, you did empty your stomach on the conference room floor,” said Roman, smirking.
Feeling a little affronted, I said, “So, what exactly is my rank, anyway – you know, as a chrono-agent?”
“Well, after you were sent back, and we were attacked, ATC took heavy damages.  With the original chronovex destroyed, the military took over all time-related operations.  The new ATC is now just a sort of contracted branch of the military.  So, to answer your question – you work for me.”
“I see,” I said.  “but, what was my rank within the original organization?”
“You were the equivalent of a captain,” said Roman offhandedly.
We entered a room that resembled a miniature movie theater.  Captain Stone was there waiting for me.  Roman left us alone.
“Good morning, Michael,” he said.  “As we’re short on time and you have so much to get caught up on, you’ll have to eat while we work.”  He gestured to a seat near him.  I sat.  He continued.  “Are you still with us?  I mean, is reality still sinking in and finding a firm hold in your mind?”
“You mean, do I still believe that I am actually Michael Dennis, a planted operative from the future, sent back to enact certain changes in Earth history?  Well, yes,” I said.  “That does still feel right, despite the nightmares I experienced all night.”
“Well, even though we lost you for a few years, I’m glad to report that you did in fact fulfill your mission.  Let me start by briefing you on how that worked,” said Stone.  “First – that is, right after you made that visual to yourself - your memory was wiped of everything but your specific mission parameters, so you wouldn’t contaminate the time line beyond your mission objective.”
I ate my breakfast while Stone told me things that I should’ve already known, and as he spoke, it felt like I did already know it, even though I didn’t know that I knew it until he spoke the words.
“You were sent back originally to help develop some technologies – hence your setting up J-Tech Industries – and also to have some political influence in early nineties America.  You performed both of those tasks exceptionally.  However, when your extraction date was missed, you carried on living as Michael Jacobsen – long past your expiration date.”
“Expiration date, eh?” I said.  “Makes me sound like a jug of sour milk.”
“That’s just what we call the period of safe return.  After about three years under cover, agents tend to start incorporating their new identity as their own – they lose themselves.”
“And that’s what happened to me,” I said.
“We’re so lucky we were able to get you back,” said Stone.  He looked down for a moment.  “There was a man named Bruce Langley.  He trained me personally, back before the ATC was absorbed by the military.  He was also your sponsor, Michael.  When you were lost, it took a real toll on him.  He would’ve been so glad to know you made it back all right.”
I sifted through my mind in search of a Bruce Langley.  At first, I drew a blank, but when Stone used the word “sponsor” I suddenly saw Bruce’s face again, as clear as yesterday.
“You make it sound like he’s dead – is Bruce dead?”
“He passed nearly two years ago,” said Stone.  “He was a good man – a good leader.  I just wanted you to know that I feel like I am carrying on his work, here.  He had a vision, and he cared very much about his agents.  And I feel an obligation to him, to help see it all through.”
“Sounds like I’m in good hands, then,” I said, finishing off my orange juice.  “I’m interested to get the history briefing – to learn what happened from 2001 to 2016.”
“Let’s get to it then,” said Stone.  He proceeded to give me a brief verbal narrative, highlighting the main geopolitical events of those eleven years.  He then showed a visual on the large screen in the room.  It played like a historical documentary, providing the details and context and analysis of everything from those years, and then went on to describe how things were supposed to play out after 2016, provided I could fulfill my new mission.
“Do you have any further questions?” asked Stone at the conclusion of the presentation.
“Not about history – it’s clear what has to be done – what I have to make happen.  But when am I going to get my old memory uploaded?”
“That will have to wait until after the mission.  It’s too dangerous to travel back with your memory intact.  We must stick to our standard operational protocols,” said Stone.  “I know you’re going to need everything you’ve got to carry this out, but there’s just too much room for error if we send you back with your memory uploaded.  You’re our last chance at this – we just can’t afford to fail.  This should be a relatively short assignment – a matter of a couple of months - and after that, we’ll restore your backup and you can retire from this game, if that’s what you want.  Heaven knows you deserve it.”
“So I’m going into this blind?” I said, catching my breath.  I’d assumed that they would make me whole before sending me out again, and the idea of trying to do this without all my memories was terrifying.
“I know you don’t like it, Michael, but you have to understand – this rule is not flexible.  From the beginning, ATC researchers and policy makers determined that an agent bringing all of his knowledge to the past presented a greater risk than was deemed acceptable.  This is one of the rules we just can’t bend or break.”
“And I’m supposed to convince my wife that she’s an agent, without even being able to appeal to her with our shared memories?  This is a suicide mission.”
“Believe me, I’ve already tried to change this.  The Board of Governors, the ATC Commissioner – I even took it to the President of the First World – because I understand the critical nature of this mission.  But no one is willing to take responsibility for what could happen.  Now, I know it seems strange, but if you were uploaded, you’d insist on being downloaded again before the mission.  You’re a dedicated agent, and you believe in these rules because you understand the dangers.”
I sat back in my chair and exhaled explosively.  “Can I at least get briefed on Nikki – not who she is now, but Agent Nikki Dennis?”
“Yes,” said Stone, “we can get to that right away.  There’s not much time before that window opens.”
I spent the next couple of hours getting to know my wife.  Then they had me make a brief visual record – a message to myself to help me readjust upon my return from this mission.  Next I was taken to a large, two-story room that resembled a laboratory.  In the center of the room was a gunmetal gray chamber, about the size of a school bus on its end, with steps leading to a single hatch entry.  Thousands of colored wires led from the top of the chamber down to several banks of computers, and also up to the ceiling, where they disappeared into the steel rafters.  At least thirty technicians buzzed about, reading various meters and punching data into their glowing consoles.
Stone and Roman shook my hand and wished me success, and I climbed the steps and entered the giant metal cocoon, feeling a distinct sensation of déjà vu.  I sat down in the contoured seat within, and the door automatically closed, slowly eclipsing my view of the lab.  As it formed a seal, I found myself sitting in near-silence, accompanied only by the sound of my own breathing.
I looked around the small shell and saw a few more of the colored cables that adorned the outside, and a single visual monitor set into the door in front of me.  The monitor came on, and I was greeted by the face of one of the control room scientists.
“Agent Dennis, my name is Johnny Nakamura.  I’ll be in charge of initiating the transfer today.”
I nodded.
“All you’ll need to do is lay very still – we’ll take care of the rest.”
Before I could question what he meant by “lay very still” – the chair started to slowly recline and a support came up under my legs.  After a few moments, I was lying flat on my back with my arms at my side.
“Excellent,” said Nakamura.  “Now, just close your eyes, take a deep breath, and hold it.”
I did as I was instructed.
Nakamura muttered a few quick commands to his subordinates, using technical terms that I didn’t understand.  Then his voice returned more clearly.  “Standing by in five, four, three, two, one.  Activate chronovariant streaaaaaaaam-eam-eam-eam.”
Nakamura’s voice seemed to stretch and echo and distort and finally fade away to infinity.  My body tingled all over.  I was tempted to open my eyes and release my breath, but my fear of interfering with the process and messing things up kept me rigidly in place as if I were getting an MRI.  Within moments, or after an eternity, I thought I heard the sound of the ocean, a distant roar growing louder and louder.
The next thing I knew, I was waking up in a hospital bed.
“He’s coming around,” said a female voice.
I opened my eyes and stared up at a man in a white doctor’s coat.
“Can you hear me?” he asked, his voice deep and sure.
“Yes,” I said feebly.  “What’s happened – where am I?”
“You were found washed up on the beach,” he said.  “You’ve been in a coma for four days.”
“Oh,” I said, struggling to get my bearings.
“My name is Doctor Halsgaard.  Do you recall how you happened to wind up on the beach?” asked the doctor.
I thought hard for a moment.  “Um, no,” I said.
“Your identification says you’re Michael Hashir.  Is that right?”
As soon as I heard the name, it was like a light bulb turned on in my mind, illuminating the dark corridors.  I remembered who I was.  At least, who I was supposed to be.  I recalled the parameters of my mission.  I realized I had to get out of there and get to work.
“Yes, that’s right,” I said, trying to sit up.  “I’m Michael Hashir.”
“Take it easy,” said Dr. Halsgaard, gently placing a hand the size of a waffle iron on my shoulder and easily restraining my weak body from rising any higher.  “You’re not going anywhere, just yet.  We need to run a couple of tests to make sure you’re all right.”
I agreed, and spent the next day recuperating, fabricating some story about having been surfing and wiping out.  When my tests came back clean and I had regained my strength, I was released from the hospital and my mission began in earnest.

#

The first step was to focus on my identity parameters – to learn who Michael Hashir was, and how I could use this identity to get close to Nikki.
Despite some mild disorientation, my mind was clear with regard to the mission.  I centered my thoughts and triggered a memory capsule, as if by instinct, and with a little mental effort I was able to access what I needed to know about my cover.
Michael Hashir could be summed up as a paranoid tycoon.  Living in the shadows and pulling the strings, the corporations I owned had strong ties to Middle East oil, and I used a share of my vast financial resources to secretly fund fringe organizations that shared my extreme views.
It was certainly an ideal cover for getting in with Nikki’s group, Slaves of Freedom.  Now all I had to do was find her.  At first, I was amazed at how ATC laid the groundwork for the cover of their agents.  Somehow, everything about my new identity was in place.  As I thought about it, I seemed to remember that ATC sent back what they called forensic agents for brief missions to assemble the fake lives of the field agents.
Looking at my driver’s license, I saw that I had been set up with a penthouse apartment in Washington D.C. that served as the base of operations for my nefarious off-grid activities.  I caught a cab back to my place, paying for it with my Black card.
In my apartment, I booted up my computer and started combing my files for useful contacts.  After a few encrypted cell calls, I managed to find someone who was willing to put me in contact with Nikki.  A meeting was arranged for that night, Monday, October 31st, 2016.  Halloween night.
I spent the rest of the afternoon and evening familiarizing myself with my cover, and reading up on the day’s news.  Only one week out from the general election, the news was all politics.  From what I could see, it was going to be a very tight race between two historic tickets.
When eight o’clock rolled around, I headed out to meet Nikki.  She’d agreed through an intermediary to meet me on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial.  I knew who I was looking for; she was told to look for a man in a white trench coat.  As I approached the Memorial, I passed several groups of Halloween revelers, decked out in a variety of costumes, including caricature masks of the presidential candidates.  The political cycle had powerfully infected the population this year, and was even worse here in the nation’s capital.
I headed up the steps toward a masked woman sitting at the feet of Abraham Lincoln’s oversized stone likeness.  The mask she wore resembled one of the vice-presidential candidates.  I was not in costume, but my collar was turned up to ward off the frosty air, and my scarf was pulled up to cover my mouth and nose – so my face was slightly obscured.
“Crazy, isn’t it?” I said, sitting down beside her and looking out over the crowds.
“Not as crazy as it’s going to be,” she said.
“Well, yeah,” I said.  “Half of those people are going to be sorely disappointed by this time next week.”
“That’s not what I was talking about,” said Nikki.
“Oh?”
“Who won, who lost – none of that will matter,” she said, remaining cryptic.
As I pondered her words and struggled to grasp their meaning, she pulled off her mask and turned to me.  “Well, I’m here.  What exactly did you want to talk about?  My people told me you’d said it was urgent.  So, let’s skip the small talk.  What do you want?”
When I saw her face, looked into her eyes, my heart leapt in my chest and I caught my breath.  I tried not to let my feelings show on my face, but I knew that she had to have seen something in my eyes.
“I want to help you,” I said.
“Oh yeah?  How can you help me?”
I lowered my scarf to reveal my mouth.  Again, I had to catch my breath.  “I have information that will affect your plans.”
Her eyes narrowed slightly.  “What do you know about my plans?”
“Practically nothing, to be honest.  But I guarantee that the information I have will affect you, regardless of the details of what you are planning to do.”
She said nothing, sizing me up with her eyes.  I remembered that look.  She was appraising me, using her gift for discernment to determine if I was lying to her.  I passed the test.
“All right,” she said, pursing her lips, “but we do this on my terms.  I’ve done a little research on you, Mr. Hashir.  I couldn’t find all that much information, but from what I saw, I think we have a lot in common.  Let’s return to my headquarters, and then you can tell me everything your little heart desires.”
“Good,” I said.  “And you can call me Michael.”
We stood, started to walk down the steps, and then she stopped.  “Just one thing, Michael.  Why?”
I just stared at her.
“You say you want to help me,” she said, “but what do you want out of this deal?  Surely you’re not doing this out of the goodness of your heart.”
“For me, this is personal,” I said, telling her the truth.  “If things work out between you and I, it will mean that I will get my wife back.”
She looked at me for a moment, and it seemed like a flicker of recognition crossed her features, but then it was gone.  “Very well,” she said, turning to continue down the steps.  “I trust a man with personal motives more than I trust a man with mercenary motives.  In the end, money means nothing, anyway.”
With that, she put her mask back on and strode down the steps, leading the way to her organization’s lair.  I pulled my scarf back up and followed her to a car.  We got in the back and her driver drove off without receiving a word of instruction from Nikki.  After about twenty minutes of riding in silence, we entered a parking garage.  Inside, we parked and then got in an elevator that took us down to four levels below ground.  It opened to a narrow hallway that had one locked door, flanked by a pair of bearded men with large assault weapons.
“Aren’t those illegal in D.C.?” I asked.
“Only if you get caught,” said Nikki, nodding to the guards as we passed through the door into her office. 
We took a seat on a couch that faced a world map that was marked with push pins of various colors.
“Drink?” she asked.
“No,” I said.
“Suit yourself,” she said, decanting a ruby liquid into a short glass.  “So, how are you going to help me, Michael?”
I knew I had to take this slowly, or risk winding up with a new hole in my body.  “First, I do need to know a little bit about your plans,” I said.  I knew I needed to stall a little – to find a way to let the conversation flow so I could start slipping in some clues and hints that may start to trigger Nikki’s subconscious grasp on reality.
“Fair enough,” she said.  “I’ll be glad to share – after all, if you aren’t able to help me, you don’t have to leave here alive, so it’s no risk to me.”
I cringed inside as I heard my wife speaking so coldly and callously.  A memory came unbidden – Nikki standing in front of our bathroom mirror, sneering slightly, practicing her “villain” talk.  She knew that one day she may get an assignment like this, and she wanted to be convincing undercover.  As I looked at her now, I realized that all that practice had paid off only too well.
“Tell me about your time line for the next ninety days,” I said.  I wanted to find out if the potential change of administration was going to affect Slaves for Freedom’s plans.
“Okay,” she said with a smirk, taking a sip of her drink.  “But I’ll start at the end and work backwards, just for fun.”
I nodded.  “Whatever works best for you.”
“January 21st, 2017.  A new world order begins.  January 20th – this city is leveled by a thermo-nuclear device.”
My heart sank and my mouth became dry.  My face remained a stone.
“January 19th, the president-elect – whoever that is – and the vice president-elect, along with the president, vice president, Supreme Court, most of the Congress and a number of dignitaries and heads of state arrive in D.C. for the inauguration.  January 18th, the final stages of the bomb delivery are put in place.  A week before that, some of our mid-level operatives allow themselves to be captured overseas, and give up some fake information that helps lull the establishment into a false sense of security.  Two months before that – that is, next week, after the elections – Slaves for Freedom formalizes ties with our foreign allies, al Qaeda.  Tomorrow, I meet with my AQ contact to set up the rest of the details and put this time line in motion.”
I took a deep breath.  “I’ll take some water, now,” I said.
She poured me some water from a pitcher on the end table and handed it to me.  “So, are you impressed?”
“Very,” I said, fighting the urge to express how sick this was all making me.  “So, you’ll manage to get everybody, then, eh?  Inauguration Day will be a real jackpot,” I said, faking a smile.
“Anyone who’s anyone will be there,” said Nikki.  “It’ll be a gold mine.  And with Washington gone, everything will change.”
“How large of a warhead are we talking about?”
“Enough to take out the entire Beltway, including the Pentagon and the CIA.  We’ll cut the head off the snake.”
“And the body will die with it,” I said.
“Exactly.”  She raised her glass as if offering a toast.  “And a new world will begin.”
As I offered her my best fake grin, I wondered how she could have fallen like this – how she could have become so evil.  But then I thought back to my life as Michael Jacobsen.  I wasn’t particularly evil, but I was definitely someone else.  That was simply the effect of the memory download and the false memory implants, combined with many years too long spent in this undercover condition.  I still didn’t have all my memories of our life together, but I knew she was my wife, and I knew this was not who she really was – so I tried not to hate her.
“Tell me about this wife of yours,” she said, as if reading my mind.  “She sounds very – valuable – to you.”
“Oh, she is,” I said, glad that she had asked the question and given me an opening.  “Like you, she’s a true patriot.  And beautiful.  She’s extremely intelligent and capable.  And she has a wicked sense of humor – really keeps me on my toes.”
The more I spoke of Nikki, while staring right at her, the more easily the description came.  Little memories seemed to flash in my mind – Nikki sitting on the bed reading a book – the way she would curl up next to me on the couch after a long day – her laugh.
“She sounds like quite a woman.  Where is she now?”
I had to fight the urge to tell her that she was right in front of me.  “Look,” I said.  “I know that there are some details of your operation that you’re not telling me – and that’s your prerogative.  Likewise, as I’m sure you understand, there are some things that I can’t tell you right now.”
“Fair enough,” she said.  “It just seems that if you want help getting her back from wherever she is, it would be useful for me to know where that is.”
“When the time is right, I’ll let you know,” I said, finishing my water.
“Whatever works for you,” she said, a little gleam in her eye.  “Now – what information do you have for me that will help me achieve my goals?  And let me remind you – this had better be good.”
I leaned back against the leather couch and cradled my empty glass in both hands.  “What if I told you that when your men are captured overseas, and try to plant that false intelligence – it won’t work, and security will be heightened as a result?”
“How could you know that?”
“If I reveal all my secrets, that won’t be any fun now, will it?” I said.  “Let’s just say that I have connections that you did not find when you researched me – and those connections have reliably informed me that they are aware of that part of your plot.”
“Only that part?”
“Only that part.  But knowing that part, and nothing else, means that they are going to step up security on a large scale in January.”
“Then we’ll have to compensate, by moving up our prep time line to get things in place before the security is increased,” said Nikki.
“That’s right, you will.”
“Thanks for the heads up.  Is that all you have?”
“Oh no.  I have much more that can help you.  That’s just a sample.  What I need to know, before proceeding any further is – are we okay?  Do we have a deal?”
“Well, I don’t really have a way to verify your claims, but it seems you are trying to help me.  And your profile – what I know anyway – indicates that you’re on the same page as us.  In fact, there are rumors that a fair amount of your money has found its way into the hands of our new partners, AQ.  So, I’m inclined to believe you.”  She stared me in the eye with that piercing look of hers.  “To trust you.”
I breathed a quiet sigh of relief.  “Excellent.”

#

Over the next few weeks, Nikki Scott’s plans continued to come to fruition, and she updated me on her progress at each of our weekly meetings.  At each rendezvous, I provided her with intelligence to assist her, and she asked me about my wife.  Each time, I would tell a story or paint a mental picture, but avoided the specific truth about where she was.  Each time, Nikki would press me for more, but I would keep her at bay.  And despite my constant effusion about my “missing” wife, it became clear by early January that Nikki was falling for me.  It was only natural, of course.  And I was having a hard time holding back my feelings toward her, even though I detested what this distorted version of my sweetheart was doing.
But I was running out of time.
It was January 19th, 2017.  The day before Inauguration Day.  Washington was packed with leaders, media, and what was expected to be the largest citizen turnout ever.  All ripe for destruction at the hands of my own better half.
If I was going to make this happen – if I was going to fulfill my mission and save the world – it had to be now.  I had learned that Nikki held the key to this operation.  She was to provide an al Qaeda operative with the code sequence for arming the nuke.  She was the only one with that information, having obtained it from one of her own operatives before that man was killed.
As the moment approached for her to contact the bomb man, I knew that it was now or never.  This was it.  I had to confront her with the truth.
We’d grown comfortable enough together that I was able to convince her to take a walk through the park for the hour before her time to provide the code.  It was a park that I had realized we used to walk in together between missions – in the future.  It was hard to imagine that it could be razed by a nuclear bomb – that those walks would never take place.  The paradoxical nature of this mission was mind boggling.
“So,” she smiled.  “Tomorrow’s the big day.  Are you finally going to tell me how I can help you with that wife of yours?  I’m beginning to wonder if she really even exists – or if it was just a ruse so you could get close to me.  I mean, the way you describe her – she actually sounds a lot like me.”
“Okay,” I said, “you caught me.  You’re right.  I just wanted to get close to you.”
I took her hand.  She didn’t pull away.  Instead, she stopped and turned to me.  She saw my expression and said, “You’re serious.”
“Nikki,” I said, “this is going to sound a little – crazy – at first.  But, the reason my description of my wife sounds so much like you, is that - she is you.”
She looked confused, but continued to hold my hand.
“You, Nikki, are my wife.  Your name is Nikki Dennis.  And you’re a time traveling agent from the future.”
Nikki’s perplexed expression suddenly exploded into laughter.  She brought her hand up to her mouth, as she always used to when she was having a good belly laugh.
“Michael, you are one funny guy.  Weird, and funny.  Now come on, cut the joking and tell me the truth about your wife.”
“That is the truth.  You are from the future.  And so am I.  We work for something called ATC – the Allied Time Corps.”
Her expression reverted from jubilant to serious as quickly as it had first changed.  Now she did release my hand.  “This isn’t funny anymore,” she said.
“Admit it,” I said, “from the first moment you saw me, back at the Lincoln Memorial, you recognized me.  You knew me.  You have always known me.  I’m your husband.  We don’t belong here, Nikki.  You’re not a terrorist any more than I am.  You don’t really want to kill people – it’s just part of your ATC mission parameters gone awry.”
Nikki’s face was a wash of confusion and turmoil.  It seemed that my words were having an effect.  She seemed to be doubting the reality to which she had grown accustomed.  Then her face turned to anger.
“I don’t know who you are or why you’re messing with me, but you are not going to ruin this!  Tomorrow, the world will change – and you are not going to stop it!”
She pulled a pistol from inside her coat and pointed it at me.  I was equally quick on the draw.  Both our weapons were equipped with silencers and leveled at each other’s chest like a mirror image.
“Nikki, don’t,” I said.  “I warned you the truth would seem bizarre, but it’s true.  You have to believe me.  I know you – I know that you can tell when someone is lying.  Look into my eyes, Nikki – look – am I telling you lies?  Or am I telling you the truth?”
I could see her struggling.  And I knew exactly what she was going through – only she didn’t have the advantage of a restoration visual or any algorithms to help her return to reality.  As a tear rolled down her cheek, she raised her weapon a little higher, preparing to shoot me between the eyes.  I quickly raised my weapon over my head, along with my other hand, to indicate surrender.
“Don’t shoot,” I said.
“No, don’t,” said a man’s voice from behind me.  I turned to see a familiar-looking man who’d stepped out from behind a nearby tree, holding a gun.  He trained it on Nikki.  “It’s over, agent Dennis.  I’ve been sent to finish this before it’s too late.”
Nikki quickly adjusted her aim, pointing past me to the other man.  In the instant she moved her arm, I could see out of the corner of my eye a slight flinching motion in the man’s hand.  Like a reflex, I threw myself to my right, placing my body between Nikki and the man.
Time seemed to slow as I felt the bullet enter my shoulder and thrust me backward.  The impact caused me to twist as I fell to the ground.  An instant after feeling the heat of the bullet, I landed at Nikki’s feet, blood oozing from just above my right collar bone and already soaking through my white coat.
I lifted my head and looked toward the shooter.  My vision blurred, but then sharpened again, and I saw that Nikki had managed to dispatch him.  He lay still on the ground, weapon still in hand.  She kneeled down beside me and ripped open my coat and shirt to inspect my wound.
“Why did you do that?” she muttered through gritted teeth as she attempted to stop the bleeding.
“Because you’re my wife,” I wheezed.
She suddenly stopped what she was doing.  With one hand pressing firmly on the hole in my shoulder, she stared into my eyes for what seemed like an eternity.  As I watched her study me, I saw tears well up in her eyes and drip onto my face.  It was dawning on her.  I had done what was necessary to make her see – to snap her out of her illusion.
“Michael?” she whispered.  She leaned down and cradled me in her arms, pulling me close, slowly rocking me.  “What is going on?”
“You’ve been lost on assignment for a very long time,” I said.  “I came to find you – to bring you home.”
“And who’s that?  Who did I just kill?”
“I think he’s one of us,” I said, wincing.  “Go check him out.”
Nikki moved to the prone man and rifled through his pockets.  They were empty.  Then the man moved and groaned.
“He’s alive!” Nikki said to me over her shoulder.
“Agent Dennis,” the man croaked.  “You need to come with me.”  He passed out again.  Nikki checked his pulse.
“He’s still with us,” she said, “just unconscious.”
“We need to get out of here,” I said.  “Help me to my feet.”
“I’ll do better than that,” said Nikki.  “As far as this world is concerned, I’m still Nikki Scott.”
She pulled a cell phone from her pocket and made a quick call.  Within a minute, four tough-looking men jogged up to us and carried both me and the other agent to Nikki’s limo, which was waiting just around the corner.
Nikki ordered the driver to take us to her headquarters and then rolled up the privacy glass.
“You both need medical treatment,” she said, “and I have a doctor on staff.  You’re going to be fine.”
“What about the handoff?” I asked.  “There are people expecting you to provide the arming codes for the nuke.”
“They’re gonna have to wait,” she said.

#

The Slaves for Freedom doctor bound up my wounds and also took care of the other agent.  When he came to, we had some questions for him.
“What’s your name?” I asked, trying to place his face.
“I’m Max Roman.  I was sent as a contingency to make sure that you didn’t fail your mission,” he told me.
Suddenly, I recognized the commander.  “Well, in a way, you did just that,” I said.  “Your shooting me brought Nikki back to reality.  My willingness to sacrifice myself proved to her that I was telling the truth.”
“Well, I’m glad that we’ve been able to recover you,” he said, turning to Nikki.  “But there’s still the issue of thwarting tomorrow’s attack.  How are you going to stop it?”
“I’ll just keep the codes to myself,” said Nikki.
“And you’re the only one who has them?” Roman asked.
“The only one still alive.  I set it up that way on purpose – to protect myself.  Just in case anyone decided to double-cross me, I’d be worth a lot more to my new allies alive than dead.”
“They don’t have a workaround?” I asked.
“Not that I know of,” she said.  “But it won’t matter anyway.  I’m going to call in a very detailed anonymous tip to the FBI, the CIA, and the NSA – just to be sure – you know they don’t communicate that well between themselves.  They’ll find the device today.”
“How do we get back home?” I asked Roman.
“I was sent as an in-and-out job,” said Roman.  “Get in - restore things so that when this superthread takes over, life will be all right in the future - then get out.  Extraction is supposed to take place at the next window, which occurs tomorrow afternoon.”
“Then they can just take us all home, then,” I said.  
“Not so simple,” said Roman.  “Nikki Scott is established here.  She could wind up dead in a park, but she can’t just disappear.  Remember, that’s the whole reason we didn’t just perform a smash-and-grab extraction with her in the first place.  A cover needs to be provided.”
“Can’t we make it look like she was killed by her co-conspirators for failing to deliver the nuke codes?” I asked.
“That would work,” said Roman, “but we’d need to do it right – something that would leave no identifiable remains.”
“My doctor specializes in that kind of work,” said Nikki.  “That’s why I pay him the big bucks.  He can make it look like I was disappeared, no problem.”
“Then let’s go home,” I said.
I grasped Nikki’s hand with my left hand, the other now in a sling.  Her touch felt good – it felt right.  It was like there had been a transformation.  Holding Nikki Scott’s hand had been a mixture of sadness, anger, longing, and revulsion.  Holding Nikki Dennis’ hand – having my wife back – seemed to make the pain of being shot fade into the past.  “It’s good to have you back,” I said.  “It’s been a long time.”


THE END


* * * * *


Aliens Don't Dance



“OUCH!”
“What?” asked Diana, stopping in her tracks and leaning one hand on her hip, looking totally put out.  She wore a tight, bright red dress that rested mid-thigh, with four-inch red heels.  The other dancers continued to twirl around them as she frowned at Gary.  “This has to stop – we only have one more chance to practice before the inaugural ball!”
Gary bent down and rubbed at his right calf.  Stupid humans and their dancing.  “I can’t help it!  My leg keeps cramping up.  It’s been happening every time we do the rumba.”
“Tell me about it – I’m the one who has to keep stopping, or tripping over you, because you can’t make it all the way through one dance.  It’s been going on for three weeks now.  What’s your problem with the rumba, anyway?  It doesn’t happen on any other dance.”
“I don’t know.  But I know I need to get over it, because I know the rumba is the only way to get close enough to the president-elect.  She loves to rumba.”
“Then suck it up and get dancing, Gary.”
The two resumed their positions and stepped in time to the music, but after only a few seconds, the song ended.
“Look, let’s call it a day,” said Gary, stepping over to a table that supported a large crystal punch bowl filled with ice water alongside stacks of red plastic cups.
“Commander,” said Diane, pulling rank, “You will dance three more rumbas before the night is through.  This operation must go off without a hitch.  The Alliance Master Council will be very displeased to have sent us six thousand years into the past just so we could trip, fall, and fail because of a cramp.  Now get back out on that floor and dance.”
“Yes, Captain,” said Gary reluctantly.
  Six thousand years.  It was hard to believe people used to do these crazy dances for fun.  More like torture.  Of course, their bodies were built very differently back then.  In 2021, humans were just humans.  By 8088, they’d interbred for so many generations with the other Alliance species – the Reshku, the Fendala, and the Gynst – that any resemblance to the ancient human ancestors was mostly confined to a few “pure-bred” elites – but even they didn’t look much like these primitive people.
These antediluvian animals could move in ways that seemed totally foreign to Gary.  When he’d joined the Alliance ChronoForce twelve years ago, he figured he’d be using his history degree and alien cultural training to make course corrections to history through carefully strategized and nuanced interplay with the past.  
At least that’s what the ChronoForce recruitment holo had said.
Now he found himself trying to gyrate his medically-disguised body to a funky beat, just so he could make physical contact with the woman who was about to take the highest office in what used to be the greatest superpower on Earth.
According to the Matrices, and confirmed by the Oracle, this was the only way – or at least the optimal way – to ensure that first contact with the Reshku was a success instead of a bloodbath.
By simply touching June Harrison on the neck, Gary would be able to transmit, through dermal osmosis, a set of simple protein chains imbued with Nanomite Thought Transducers, or NTTs – a way to implant some basic ideas into the mind of the host, which would activate when triggered at a specific moment.
Since the Master Council knew that the Reshku first arrived at Earth on November 27, 2023, the NTTs would simply lay dormant until that day.
There was actually some dispute over the actual date of First Contact – some saying it had happened in 2021 with a stray sighting of a Reshku scout.  But full diplomatic First Contact was in 2023, so that was the date they were working with.
Gary held Diane and danced, practicing both the steps, and the part where he casually places his hand on her neck.  It wasn’t part of the rumba, exactly, but he should be able to pull it off, as part of his dance movements.
“I don’t see why we couldn’t just implant the codes on Harrison when she’s in college.  She had plenty of men groping her neck back then – and they didn’t have to get past the Secret Service.”
“You know that wouldn’t work – the nanomites will only stay viable for three years, at most.  This was calculated to be the best opportunity to implant.”  Diane gripped Gary’s hand tightly.  Uncomfortably tightly.  “And you should know better than to second-guess the Matrices, or doubt the Oracle.  Don’t let me hear you speak like that again, soldier.”
Gary decided she was right.  If not out of respect for the Great Ones, then because he never really knew when they were watching.  Peering at him through their ChronoVortex.
As he shuffled his feet and wiggled his hips, gripping his superior around the waist, he decided that if these missions were going to be this onerous, he’d just quit when this one was completed.
If only he’d consulted the Matrices and the Oracle before getting into this line of work.  Then he would’ve known how much he’d hate dancing, and working with the Captain, and having to speak in the strange dialects of ancient Earth.
“Captain,” he said, when he’d at last completed three more rumbas, “Let us return to our private location, where we can get out of these restrictive garments and drop the pretenses of this archaic language.  I grow weary.”
Diane looked at Gary with undisguised distaste.  “You are a sorry excuse for a soldier.  I continue to be surprised that the Master Council insisted on assigning you to this detail.  A mission such as this requires a disciplined mind and an agile body.  You possess neither.”
“I will succeed.  Do not worry.  I just require a little rest.  Please.”
“Very well,” said Diane, grabbing her wrap off a chair and leading the way to the door of the dance hall.  “But do not fail.  I do not need to remind you that sending another team will be costly to the Master Council, and deadly to us.”
Gary replayed the ChronoForce’s motto in his mind: FAILURE IS FATAL.  “Yes, Captain.  I know.”

#

Once they were back at their tiny studio apartment, the base from which they’d been running this operation, Gary sat in a torn green armchair and exhaled heavily.  He popped a little yellow pill, then relaxed his muscles and felt his limbs begin to stretch and grow and become supple.
Within a few minutes, he had reverted to his true form – a tall, slender humanoid with pale green skin and large dark eyes. His sense of smell was heightened and the room felt cooler and drier as his biology adjusted.
The medical treatment required to keep him looking like an ancient human was temporary, but somewhat painful.  Returning to his disguise meant taking the blue pill, which always made him vomit for ten minutes after the transformation.
But even knowing he’d have to endure that to blend in again, he was willing to brave it for just a couple of hours of being able to exist in his native shape.
“One day remain,” said Diane, now speaking to Gary in their standard form of speech.
“Prepared.”
“No room error.”  Her voice was sharp.
“Comprehend.”
“Prove.  Recite plan.”
“Enter ball.  Find Harrison, dance.  Implant nanomites.  Egress.  Signal.”
“No!” barked Diane.
Gary bowed his head, his eyes closed.  “Verify.  Verify.  Neglect verify.”
Diane shook her head.  “Ever neglect verify.  Do not neglect tomorr.”
“Yes, Captain.”
Gary wiggled and stretched his toes and closed his eyes.  He had to remember to verify a successful implant before making his escape and signaling for the return journey.  Why could he never remember that part?

#

 Although time travel was a way of life for the ChronoForce, the concept still boggled Gary’s mind sometimes.
Temporal displacement is a simple enough science – a mere matter of controlled quantum entanglement and some calculations of fundamental particle probabilities, but there was a huge difference between the mathematics and the actual experience.
And the risks.
Gary hadn’t learned of some of the rules and consequences until he was halfway through his first mission.  He found out – almost the hard way – that when a second team is sent in to finish or correct a botched job, the first team is killed.
Not as a punitive measure, but as a matter of scientific reality: there was simply not enough “room” in the space-time continuum for two teams to coexist in a single displaced temporal zone.  And the first team could not be returned unsuccessful because (due to causal relationships) there would be no timeline to which to return until the mission was accomplished.
In short: FAILURE IS FATAL.
It all made sense.
So Gary knew it was up to him – his life was in his own hands.  So was the life of Diana.
Or perhaps, in his own feet, as this mission all came down to his ability to dance the rumba.
Without cramping up.
The grand inaugural ball for June Harrison was only an hour away.  Gary visualized his moves, his once-again human feet shuffling gently as he pictured each step of the dance.
To think, the future of the Reshku-Human alliance rested in his ability to shake to the music.  His own fate relied on his ability to cut a rug.
Gary himself was one-quarter Reshku.  He also had Fendala and Gynst blood on his mother’s side, along with his human genes.  But he was certain that whatever his human ancestry, that background had not included any dancers.
The Master Council knew all this going in, but they insisted on Gary because of his exquisite familiarity with the era.  Twenty-first century Earth history was Gary’s major back at the academy.  Never mind that the rumba was invented in the twentieth century.
All that mattered was that silly ancient humans were still gyrating in this way in 2021, and doing likewise was Gary’s only shot at influencing the soon-to-be president.
As the minutes ticked away, Gary got more and more nervous, and the more nervous he got, the more he could feel the beginnings of a cramp tickling at his right calf muscle.
He started rubbing at it, trying to improve the circulation in his constricted limb.
Diane walked in and saw him massaging himself.  “What?  What’s the matter with you?”
“Just trying to avoid a cramp.”
Diane pulled a small vial out of her purse.  “Here.  I picked this up at the pharmacy.  Take them.  It should prevent any cramps tonight.”
Gary brightened and took the proffered bottle.  He immediately popped the top and swallowed the entire contents.
He then took a look at the little empty container and casually read the label.  Then his eyes widened.
Apparently, a dose consisted of two pills.  He had just downed about twenty.
And his super-fast Reshku metabolism was already flooding the active ingredients into his bloodstream.
He stood up on wobbly legs, feeling very, very relaxed.  He smiled, chuckled gently, tossed the bottle over his shoulder and called to Diana, with an ever-so-slight slur, “Come on then, let’s go boogie, Captain!”
By the time the limousine was halfway to the White House, Gary suspected something was quite wrong with him.  Diana seemed to suspect nothing.  
As this was the big night, Gary chose to keep quiet about it, and instead focused his efforts on suppressing the desire to giggle.  Everything he saw, everything he heard, everything he thought seemed powerfully, ridiculously hysterical to his drug-addled mind.  From the silly human form of Diana, to the contraption in which they rode, to the whole idea of touching the new president on the neck in order to save the future of the Galactic Alliance.
It was all just so, so silly.
“What are you smirking at?” asked Diana, staring across at him from the opposite bench seat as the car pulled into the White House secure parking facility.
“Hmm-mh.  Heh.  HA!  Uh, nothing, nothing.  Sorry.”  Gary covered his mouth with one hand and looked out the window, struggling to control the urge to burst out laughing.
“You better pull it together,” said Diana.  “We can afford no mistakes.  Focus yourself!”
“Yes, Captain.  Of course.”  Gary could barely keep himself from grinning as he fought the feelings that were climbing around his brain and tickling his heart.  “I’m just very pleased that our mission has nearly come to fruition.  Forgive me.”
“It’s all right.  You need to practice smiling anyway.  This is to be a joyous event, and we must appear to be having a good time, in order to fit in unnoticed.”
“Yes, Captain.  I will work more on my smiling.”
Gary laughed inside, pondering the fact that he’d just said “more on.”  Sounds like “moron.”  Heh.
The car came to a stop and a chauffeur escorted them out, through a high-level security screening processing station, where they were deemed to be no threat to safety, and then up an elevator to the main event.
The music had already started.  A large crowd of people dressed in tuxedos and evening gowns milled around sipping beverages.
Gary heard the music, felt its beat course through his veins.  He felt his body begin to move in time with the rhythm.
“Not yet, Gary,” Diana chastised under her breath.  “What are you doing?”
“I – I can’t help it,” said Gary.  “I just want to shake it!”
As his superior looked on in horror, Gary shimmied quickly to the center of the dance floor, his arms flailing wildly as he cavorted to the music.
A dee-jay with a keen eye for fun spotted him and motioned to the guy running the lights, who turned a spotlight onto Gary.
“Ladies and gentlemen,” said the dee-jay, “let the festivities begin!”
So much for a subtle operation.
Gary grinned and flounced and jiggled.  He spun and shuffled and tapped.  He was having the time of his life.
He caught a glimpse of Diana, who looked like she was about to vomit.  She stood perched at the edge of the dance floor, elbow-to-elbow with the crowd, which had formed a large circle around Gary to watch him shake his stuff.
Without even thinking, Gary moved to Diana, reached out, and pulled her to him.  She looked mortified as he draped one arm around the small of her back and whirled her away, a giddy expression on his face.
As they pranced around together, Diana managed to lean in and whisper hoarsely, “What are you doing?  We are not supposed to cause a spectacle!  You must stop this at once – that is an order!”
Gary laughed into her face.  “I cannot!  Ha ha!  And I would not if I could.  Why would I want to?  Hee hee!”
Then he lifted Diana up over his head, did a tight pirouette, and deposited her back at the edge of the crowded perimeter.
As the song ended, Gary left the floor on the opposite side from Diana and sashayed toward the open bar, his legs, hips and shoulders keeping time with the music that still played in his head.
“Water,” he said to the bartender, who promptly dispensed a tall glass.  He had come to love the ready availability of water on ancient Earth.
“Those were some amazing moves, mister...,” said a female voice from behind.
Gary turned around, his glass in hand.  “Mr. Warwick, Gary Warwick.  I’m here as a guest of Senator Bridges.  Pleased to meet you, Madame President.  Oh, and thank you.  I do love to dance.”
At least he had enough presence of mind to remember his cover story, instead of blurting out his true identity as an alien spy from the future.  That would’ve gone over well.
“Then perhaps you’ll join me on the floor when they play a rumba I’ve requested.  It is my favorite dance, and since my husband is still recovering from his knee injury...”
“Oh yes, of course, of course Madame President.  It would be my horror.  Honor!  I mean, honor.”
“Are you feeling quite all right, Mr. Warwick?”
“Ah, yes, yes.  Thank you, Madame President.  I’m just horrified by your husband’s knee injury.”
“Well, it’s not that bad.  Just twisted it skiing.”
“I would just be so devastated if I couldn’t dance.  Especially if I could not dance with my wife on such an auspicious occasion.”
“I see,” said Harrison, “that’s a sweet sentiment.  Well, I’ll be looking for you when they strike up the rumba.”
She smiled and returned to a group of elite senators and judges, flanked by giant Secret Service body guards.
Gary breathed a sigh of relief, gulped down the rest of his water, and went to find Diana.
“Well?” asked Diana, when he met up with her across the great hall.  “I saw you talking to her.”
“She will dance with me.  The rumba.”
“You better not cramp up.”
“I may.  It seems those drugs are already wearing off!  They seemed to give me confidence, but now I feel nervous.  They gave me rhythm, but now I feel awkward and clumsy.  And the leg is starting to get tight.  Do you have any more of those pills?”
“Lucky for you, I came prepared.”  She handed him another vial of the little red pills, and he promptly sucked down the whole bottle.
“You do realize that a dose is only two pills?” asked Diane.
“Uh-huh.”
Moments later, as the extra overdose of muscle-relaxers kicked in, the rhythm once again claimed Gary’s identity and he found himself twirling and bouncing around the dance floor, free as a bird.
There was something about the mix of those drugs and his alien physiology that turned him into a mad two-stepping tornado.  He careened from one end of the floor to the other, sometimes grabbing a random partner for a brief duet before jitterbugging off in another direction.
And then the rumba began.
Gary started to sway from side to side.
June Harrison entered the dance floor, and the crowd cleared off, leaving only Gary and his target.
They came together and Harrison smiled.  “Are you ready to rumba?” she asked rhetorically.
Gary answered with his feet, deftly twirling and gently grabbing the newly-minted president by the hand and leading her through the steps with ease.
About halfway through the song, the pair neared the First Gentleman, who was standing on the sidelines, glued to his crutch.  They all smiled at one another, indicating a comfortable level of consent between all three parties.  
It was going exactly as planned.
As the song began to reach its climax, Gary seized the opportunity to touch Harrison on the neck with his right palm – making contact for only about three seconds – just long enough for the successful implantation of the NTTs.  He could actually feel the nanites as they coursed through the skin of his palm and surreptitiously made their way into his dance partner’s body.
But as the song began to draw to a close, Gary suddenly doubled over.
His vision blurred.
He stopped dancing.
He vomited violently, and Harrison stepped back abruptly before taking a step forward and laying a hand on his back.  “Are you all right?” she asked.
The answer was obvious, when Gary straightened up and stood fully erect at nearly eight feet tall.  His skin flushed a bright green and his eyes darkened and grew to the size and shape of lemons.
Somehow, the drugs, and the NTT implantation process, together with the exertion and the abundance of clean, pure water in his system – had kicked the little yellow pill right out of his system, eliminating his medical disguise and revealing him in all his alien glory.
Harrison’s face turned to an expression of horror, and people all around began to scream and clamor for the exits.
The Secret Service men leapt into action, hustling Harrison out of harm’s way as one big human shield around her, and drawing their weapons to train them on Gary.
Gary was dizzy and his head pounded.  He looked around at the mayhem he had caused and realized he was probably about to die.
He spotted Diane in the crowd.  She looked surprisingly unsurprised.  
Then it hit him.
He’d been set up from the start.  
The dancing.  The drugs.  
In an instant, he recalled that President Harrison had been particularly receptive to first contact with the Reshku because she had seen a similar-looking alien a couple of years prior to their full arrival.
She had seen Gary.
He was the “stray Reshku scout” rumored to have been spotted in 2021.
And he was now taking his place in history.
Gary recalled the plan, and realized why he could never remember it right.  It was because, in reality, there would be no verification of the nanite implantation – the nanites were placebos.
There would be no egress for Gary.
No signal to the Master Council.
Only exposure, capture, and death.
As the Secret Service men grabbed him and took him into custody, he saw Diane nod at him meaningfully and begin her escape from the scene, having verified the mission was accomplished – just not the mission Gary had thought he was on.
And only one of them would be going home.
Gary knew that within sixty minutes, the Master Council would terminate his TimeStream, and his existence would melt into the space-time continuum.
It was, after all, protocol.
Gary knew he had danced his last dance.
And saved the future.

END


* * * * *


Project: Dreamer


It was just like that nightmare he kept having lately, only this time it was real.  
Program Agent Delta Nineteen, privately known as Ben Vincent, felt his fingers slipping.  There was no way he could hold on much longer.  The gravel on the ledge was digging into the flesh of his fingers, palms, and forearms.  The muscles in his hands and arms were beyond cramped – they were completely seized up – and the tendons in his wrists and forearms were stretched almost to the point of snapping.  He was starting to lose the feeling in his fingertips – a blessing because of the searing pain, but no help when trying to hang on.  
It had been over an hour now, and he knew he could not stay like this indefinitely.  He was stuck – no way to pull himself up, and nobody around to help him.  Reaching for his tool belt would certainly mean falling.  
The cold air lashing against his face, he surrendered to cold logic: he was out of options.  
He resigned himself to his fate, and released his grip.  
He felt the pull of gravity draw him downward, accelerating.  Much to his surprise, he felt a sense of relief, rather than a fear of death.
He took a long, deep breath, realizing that in the last moments he had been holding his breath as part of his effort to keep from slipping.  The cool air struck his lungs in a soothing manner, somehow diminishing the panic his mind told him he should be feeling.
Ben had heard stories of people on the brink of death having their whole lives pass before their eyes.  He had never really understood what that meant.  It seemed silly to him that a person would have all of his memories play out in a compressed form as he was perishing.  What would be the point of such a mental spectacle?  A chance, perhaps, for regrets – even deathbed repentance?
As he continued to fall, his thoughts began to wander further, toward those inevitable regrets.  Why had he even accepted this assignment?  With his seniority, he could have passed, and waited for another.  And while he was waiting, a week would’ve passed and he would have retired from the Program.  Thirty years old, and free to spend all his time doing as he wished with all the wealth he had accumulated during his ten year career.
Ten years was all that was ever expected – or allowed – for someone who’d pledged to the Program.  Experts had determined that any longer than ten years would do irreparable harm.  Ben had the presence of mind to see the irony of the fact that irreparable harm was now coming at nine years and fifty-one weeks.  But he just could not resist one more chance to do what he loved, even if it was considered the most dangerous of all jobs.
That thought returned Ben from his musings to the present circumstance.  He suddenly realized that he’d been falling for a very, very long time.  Why had he not struck the bottom yet?  He looked around himself and noticed that he could not make out anything distinctly.  It was as if he was falling through a thick fog, the light growing increasingly brighter and whiter the further he fell.
After a while, he started to become immune to the sensation of falling.  His stomach stopped sending the signals to his brain that indicated a steep and speedy descent.  Instead, he felt like he was simply floating, weightless, in an endless sea of whiteness.  
Ben couldn’t remember it happening, but the whistling wind that had been rushing past his body had gradually faded to nothingness.  All was silent and white, like a winter morning after it had snowed all night.  
Except for the fact that he was in a featureless void.  With the lack of a falling sensation, it seemed to Ben that his descent had stopped.  But that made no sense.
He looked around himself in all directions, but all was the same – white and empty.  
How long had he been in this place – this non-place?  
In an effort to make sense of his situation, Ben pulled up his sleeve and glanced at his watch.  The titanium timepiece had belonged to his father, who had passed it to Ben when he’d told him he was planning on following in his father’s footsteps by becoming a Program Agent.  Father had started his family after his retirement, as was typical for those who chose this career.  To try to have a family before retirement would be foolishness – since only one in three survived to retirement. 
The watch still bore the scuffmarks on its face from when Ben had taken his first misstep on his first assignment, almost ten years ago.  He’d been assigned as a backup that day for a more experienced man, and had to step in at the last minute when his superior had made a fatal mistake.  Ben had barely avoided the pitfall that took the life of the other man, and managed to bang up his watch a little in the process of escaping.  That had been the first time of many that Ben had narrowly avoided a sudden end to his life.  
But this time, whatever end he was expecting to his life was not coming suddenly at all.
On a whim, Ben removed his watch and held it in front of his face, then let go.  He expected it to float upward, since he assumed he was still falling, and the watch was much lighter than his body.  But the watch simply hung there in front of his face.  He poked at it with his finger, and it slowly floated away from him, spinning gently on a vertical axis.  Before it got out of reach, he grabbed it and placed it back on his wrist.  This was very strange.
Before pulling his sleeve down, he noticed the time on his watch.  It was now showing three minutes earlier than it had when he first looked at it.  A closer, longer look proved that it was in fact running backwards.  
Very strange, indeed.
Things were not as Ben had assumed.  He started to realize he was not going to die after all, and the realization helped snap him out of his daze and focus his thoughts.  It was time to resume his work and figure out what was going on.
He decided to test his environment by speaking.
“Hello?” he called out.  The sound was flat.  There wasn’t the slightest hint of an echo or a reverberation.  It was as if he had spoken the word with his face buried in a pillow, except the word sounded clear.  He tried again, only louder.  “HELLO?”
The result was the same.  He seemed to exist in a bright nothingness – no gravity, no wind, naught but pure whiteness, and no other objects but him.  
Oh, and there was that little “time running backwards” thing.
Ben started to wonder if perhaps he was dead, and in that place that religious people called hell.  But he quickly pushed the thought aside – he’d never been one to subscribe to theories of life after death.  As far as he’d always been concerned, death was the end.  You’re alive, you die, then nothing but silent, thoughtless, dreamless blackness forever.  
But this was not blackness.   
And he was still in his body and could even speak.  No, this was not anything like what he’d expected death to be.  Clearly, something else was going on here.  But what?  Where was the ground that he had expected to bring an abrupt end to his life?  
For that matter, where was everything?  
Ben noticed something else was missing, too.  The pain in his fingers, hands and arms was gone.  He was not numb, just no longer in pain.  He looked at his hands, and was surprised to see no broken skin, no blood.  His wounds had been healed.
With this latest mystery, Ben felt it was time apply the problem solving skills he’d acquired in ten years on the job.  This situation, he decided, would be his final challenge.
To begin, he would return to the rudiments of his training.  First step is to assess the environment, so Ben made a mental list of the attributes he could ascertain.  The first descriptor to come to mind was of course, white.  Beyond that, he could only come up with cold, but not uncomfortably so, weightless, no other objects and chronometric irregularity.  He could not smell or taste anything, and the only sound in the environment emanated from him – his breathing and heartbeat.
Next step was to inventory his tools.  My body, came first.  That was followed by my clothing, my watch, my standard tool belt, my five senses, and the most important thing in his arsenal, my wits.
Assuming he wasn’t actually going crazy.
Of course, he also noted that his watch might be malfunctioning.  However, it still made the inventory because timekeeping was not its only function.
Now that he had a description of his environment and an inventory of his resources, he needed to assess the threats to his wellbeing and discover the options at his disposal.  As far as threats went, there seemed to be none that he could think of.  Only an eventual need for food, water, shelter and sleep; but the immediate lack of those required resources could not really be categorized as a threat.  More like something to keep in mind for later.
As for his options, Ben could see very few.  Wait, came to mind first.  That was followed by some more creative possibilities.  Since he had always hated waiting, he decided to work his way through the other options, one at a time.
The first thing he did was take from his tool belt what he considered his least valuable tool – at least, what he considered most expendable right now.  It was a small steel ball, that when activated, ejected a set of pitons with great force, used for securing a set of belay anchors in a cliff wall.  Since there were no cliffs in this giant white space, Ben thought he would use it to test the environment.  He drew his arm back and threw the ball straight out in front of him.  It quickly receded into the distance, getting smaller and smaller until it disappeared from sight.  It traveled in an unchanging vector – no trajectory, no curvature, and no slowing down.
Ben made a mental note of the unusual behavior of the projectile.  He was about to try the next experiment in his list, when he was struck in the back.  His heart leapt in his chest.  He turned as quickly as he could, considering he was floating weightlessly and had nothing to push against for support.  Despite the awkwardness of floating, he was a trained professional, and his motions were fluid.  As he twisted in place, he automatically assumed a defensive position.  He experienced a moment of confusion when he laid eyes on his attacker: a small steel ball, floating next to him at shoulder-level.
After the brief moment of disorientation, Ben laughed aloud.  The sound was dull, almost muffled, but not quite.  He reached out for his tool and placed it back in its place on his belt.  At least that test had not wasted any of his resources.
He made another mental note regarding the environment: it appears the area is finite, and somehow forms a spatial loop.
Since he could not see much more that he could do to expand this particular experiment, Ben decided to return to the issue of his watch.  He pulled back his sleeve and watched the timepiece for a while.  It was still moving in reverse, rapidly and steadily.  But something else caught his eye.  It was not the watch, but his own wrist.  On the day that he had scratched the watch, ten years ago, he’d also damaged his arm.  A nasty scar had been left behind, running the length of his forearm.  
The scar was now gone.
Rather than concern himself with the oddness of this observation, he was in a professional mindset now, so he merely noted the anomaly in his mental description of the environment, combining this latest data with his earlier realization that his latest wounds were gone: area appears to have profound healing properties.
Ben looked at and felt various parts of his body – places he had collected other scars over the last ten years on the job.  All were healed.  In fact, the scar on his leg from a childhood accident was even gone.  As he looked back at his watch, he wondered if time really was being turned back in this strange place.
He quickly dismissed that theory, however, since his body was not getting any younger, and his mind and memories remained intact.  He was not being turned into a child – merely being rejuvenated.  Without enough data to theorize an explanation, he decided to just count it as a benefit of the situation, and move onto his next experiment. 
He pulled another tool from his belt – a high power laser.  He set it to a low-energy/high output setting, which meant it could direct a focused beam of blue light over a great distance, but the beam itself was not destructive.  He pointed the beam into the white nothingness, and it instantly appeared on the back of the hand holding the tool.  It, like the ball, had made a full loop and returned to him. 
He had expected to be able to see the beam cutting through the white mist, the way a beam of light is visible in a dusty room, but it was invisible, indicating that there really was no mist – there was nothing at all in this area to refract or reflect the blue laser beam.
Ben read the small digital display on the tool.  It read a calculated distance of zero.  He must have forgotten to recalibrate it.  He tried it again, but the result was the same.  According to this tool, the distance from the end point at which the laser light escaped the end of the device, through the white space and back around again to his hand, was zero.  
It made no sense.  If the distance was really zero, why had the ball taken so long to make its journey around the loop?  There had to be another explanation.  Returning to his logic training, he concluded that there could only be two options: either the device’s distance measurement was malfunctioning, or “zero” had a different meaning in this environment to the one he had assumed.
Since he had no way to run a diagnostic on his laser, he could only assume, from all other appearances, that it was functioning within normal parameters.  Considering the other known data, Ben formed a theory.  If time were really running backward, then that would affect the equation used by the laser to calculate distance.  Yes, that made sense.  One mystery solved.  
Sort of.
The theory of why the laser measured the distance incorrectly still did not solve the problem of what the distance actually was, nor why time was running backwards.
As per his training, Ben ran a sort of mental diagnostic every few minutes, to make sure his most important resource – his wits – were still functioning properly.  He realized that the longer he spent in this environment, the more distant his recent memories became.  He had a vague recollection of his mission – he’d been sent to Lunatropolis at first, but a lead had taken him back planetside to the mountains of Nepal.  He remembered having been hanging precariously from a cliff, but it was only vague.  He had no idea how he’d actually gotten here, nor how long he had been here.  He was, however, starting to feel very comfortable in this environment – almost as if he’d always been here.  But despite his short-term memories fading, his long term was solid.  He knew who he was, he knew his job, and he still had enough wits about him to understand that he did not belong here, and that he needed to figure out where he was and how he was going to escape.
The thought of escape from this environment gave rise to Ben’s next concern: mobility.  The fact that he seemed to be floating, and the lack of any other matter, meant that he had no way to propel himself.  And had he even a means to move around, it seemed there was no way to navigate, since there was nothing to use as a frame of reference.
Once again, Ben took inventory.  Perhaps he could use one of his resources as a frame of reference.  He once again pulled the ball device from his tool belt.  He set it in the air in front of him, and watched it float.  Now he had a reference point.  The only problem now was how to actually move.
He tried using his arms and legs to mimic swimming motions, but with nothing to push against, he accomplished nothing besides floating in place feeling like a fish out of water.  Then he remembered his physics.  He recalled the way rockets functioned – by forcing a propellant through a narrow aperture to create thrust.  He applied that concept to his current situation.  He decided to use his very breath as the propellant, and his puckered lips as the aperture.  Now all he had to do was choose a direction and create the thrust. 
He decided he would try to continue his original direction of motion and force himself downward.  Looking up, he took a deep breath, and blew with all his might.  The result seemed strange at first – the ball appeared to float slightly upward.  Of course, it was all relative – the ball had not moved at all – Ben had. 
The one breath had been enough to move him a few inches downward, and he was still moving, albeit very slowly.  Before the ball was out of reach, Ben had a last minute change of plan.  He reached out and grabbed the ball, placing it back in his tool belt.  This little device had proven itself quite useful so far, and he wasn’t quite ready to part with it.  Instead, he tore a small piece of cloth from his shirt and placed it in the air as his reference point.  He then proceeded to blow his way downward, the piece of cloth appearing to slowly rise, until it grew very small, and finally became too distant to see at all.
Ben theorized three possibilities for this experiment.  Either he would soon discover the piece of cloth rising up from beneath him, indicating that he had looped around to be approaching it from above, or he would find an exit to this environment.  The third option was his least favorite – that there was no end to the white space, and that he would float endlessly through this void without ever finding a way out.
Once again, he recalled his training and experience, and put that option from his mind.  He had learned that futile choices and dead-end results were self-defeating.  Only useful, positive ideas and theories were contributions worth pondering.  It would be too easy to fall into despair and give up hope if one dwelled on defeat.
Ben kept floating and stayed in positive-thinking mode.  As his point of reference had disappeared, he decided to create a new one, by tearing off another piece of cloth and leaving it behind as he continued to move downward under the force of his intermittent blowing.  Once that one was gone, he did it again, repeating the process until he’d essentially left a trail of breadcrumbs.  He just hoped he wouldn’t run out of shirt fragments before encountering a change in the environment.
As an indeterminate amount of time passed, Ben thought about the breadcrumbs, and his mind wandered back to his first day in the Program.  His final entrance exam test had been to find his way out of a labyrinth in the dark, while evading a pursuer and tracking another.  He ended up using a breadcrumb system, to turn the other two participants against each other while Ben escaped the maze.  He had been the first to use that strategy.  That test, along with his other training results had been so exceptional, in both the problem-solving area and in physical performance that he’d been assigned to work directly under Administrator Field’s command.  
Field was not your typical Program higher-up.  Program Administrators were lifelong positions, so they were held by civilian men and women who had never seen fieldwork.  But Field was different.  He’d actually spent five years in active duty before taking the Administrator position.  A near-fatal mission had left him with no legs and only one arm.  But his mind was still the sharpest the Establishment had seen in decades.  So they made an investment.  Two years of surgeries provided him with so many bio-mechanical enhancements that when they were done with him, he was more machine than man.  But he was the best Administrator to ever sit in that office.
Starting on Ben’s first day, Field had formed a special connection with the young agent.  Ben was the first recruit in Field’s nine years as Administrator who had completely ignored Field’s robotic body.  If he’d mentally acknowledged Field’s body at all, it was imperceptible.  Field found Ben’s natural acceptance of his own unnatural state to be refreshing, and decided to take him under his wing and mentor him.  Over the nearly ten years since that day, Field had proven himself a true friend as well as a tough-as-nails boss.
Ben shook himself from his reverie and watched as another shred of his shirt vanished into the whiteness above him.  Satisfied he was still moving downward at a steady rate, and careful to conserve his limited resources, he discontinued his trail of breadcrumbs.  He also decided to stop propelling himself for a while, because he was starting to get a little lightheaded.
He looked once more at his watch.  Although still going in reverse, it appeared the rate was slowing.  The longer he observed it, the more he could see it was slowing down.  In conjunction with the slow down, he noticed when he looked below him that there was slight graying to the otherwise white surroundings.  A small, indistinct area, directly below Ben, was gradually growing and darkening.
He assumed he was reaching the end of this void.  As he approached the growing darkness, he noticed his watch slow almost to a stop.  The environment grew slightly warmer, and he started to feel the gentle pull of gravity on his body.  That force increased as his white formless surroundings turned darker and darker.  Now the darkness surrounded him, and as he looked up, he could see the white zone growing smaller and darker, until it disappeared.
Now, all was black, and he once again felt the distinct sensation of falling, as though gravity itself had remembered Ben existed and had once again grabbed hold of him to suck him downward.  The temperature had increased gradually as well.  It was no longer cool, but roughly room temperature, or even a little warmer.  He activated the backlight on his watch, and stared at it long enough to surmise that it had stopped completely.  However, the other functions were working properly, so he concluded that it hadn’t actually stopped, but that time itself had come to a standstill in this new, pitch-black environment.
Ben took a mental inventory once more, and decided to run some tests on this new place.  He pulled his laser out of his tool belt and set it to a wide beam.  The light was completely enveloped by the darkness.  He moved his hand in front of the beam, just to ensure it was actually working.  He could see his hand, but nothing at all beyond.  He decided he did not like this situation any better than the last, since now his sense of sight was useless, reducing his already limited inventory of resources.
Before he’d finished the thought, it seemed he could feel something under his feet.  He reached down to confirm with his hand, and felt a gentle force pushing back against him.  It wasn’t like touching the ground – more like pressing against the surface tension of a liquid, without actually submerging.  The force seemed slightly elastic, and seemed to be growing stronger and firmer.  Before long, it felt thick, even gelatinous, and after a while it seemed to coalesce into a firm enough surface that he felt like he was actually standing on it.  Standing somewhere. 
With this surface under his feet, Ben now had mobility.  He started walking blindly in the darkness, one hand holding his laser light, the other outstretched as a shield against unseen obstacles.  The laser pointed at the ground, but the ground reflected none of the light.  His footsteps were silent.  If he hadn’t felt the ground under the soles of his boots, he wouldn’t have known it was there.
Moving along cautiously, Ben’s mind wandered again.  He thought about his most recent mission – the one prior to this one.  Field had acted so strangely when issuing his orders.  He’d acted as if he were never going to see Ben again, as though he were certain Ben would meet his fate on that mission.  It was nothing overt – just something in Field’s eyes told Ben that his old friend was experiencing some kind of deep conflict regarding the orders.  But Ben was a professional, and despite his closeness to Field, he knew better than to ask any questions.  If there were information that he should know, he would get it.  Anything else was potentially dangerous.  Ben had struggled with it, but successfully put those nagging doubts out of his mind, and had fulfilled that mission with no problems.
Once again, Ben focused his thoughts, and repeated the laser test from before, narrowing the beam and shooting it out in front of him, expecting to see it appear once more on the back of his hand.  But this time, it did not.  It simply vanished into the heavy blackness.
Alright, that’s different.  That means that this environment has different parameters.  Perhaps if I travel far enough in this direction I will reach something.
Ben widened the laser beam again and picked up the pace a little.  His thoughts returned once more to his boss, and the way he’d acted regarding this final mission.  In contrast to his unspoken reluctance toward the previous mission, there was no such hint of conflict or suffering within Field this time.  In fact, he’d been uncharacteristically jolly.  Most Program Agents viewed their final mission with some superstitious dread, and fellow Agents treated the occasion with a certain reverence.  Oddly, Field had practically hurried Ben into this mission, seeming nonchalant and ignoring the gravity typical of final missions.  Ben had once again chosen to ignore Field’s disposition and get on with the mission.  Perhaps it had just been Field’s way of dealing with the fact that he was about to retire his favorite Agent.
After what seemed like hours, Ben had become quite accustomed to walking in complete darkness, and his stride had become much more confident.  He stopped and checked his watch again.  It still showed the same time, 00:00.  He had no way of telling how long he’d been walking.  Feeling a little frustrated, he continued on.  
When he stepped forward, he noticed the slightest, softest sound.  He stepped again.  There it was again.  As he continued forward, he realized that his footfalls were generating the sound, gradually growing from the barest whisper to a normal, audible footstep.  It sounded like he was walking on a very firm surface, such as concrete.  He reached down to feel it.  It was cool, smooth, and dry.  He got down on his belly and sniffed it.  Nothing.  He pointed his laser at it and narrowed the beam.  No light at all was reflected.  He stood once more and carried on.
As he continued, the ground slowly started to reflect some of the laser’s light, until eventually it was clear that Ben was walking on a smooth stone surface.  Up ahead, he thought he could see a light, but it was only visible in his peripheral vision, when he wasn’t looking directly at it.  Every time he tried to look straight ahead, the light would disappear.  So Ben moved forward toward the light, his head turned sideways, keeping his destination in his peripheral vision, until eventually he got close enough that he could look at it directly.
The light formed a thin line in a rectangular shape, taller than it was wide.  Without knowing the range, there was no way to gauge the size of the rectangle, but from its shape, it seemed to be the outline of a door.  He finally reached it, and extended his hand carefully to touch it.  It felt like the floor.  He reached to each side of it and felt nothing.  He walked around it.  It seemed to just be standing there, in two dimensions, the back identical to the front.  He ran his finger along the very edge, and felt nothing.  Perhaps it really was two-dimensional.
The light of the rectangle cast a soft yellow glow upon Ben’s hand, and as he stepped closer, it bathed his whole body in the hue.  If this was in fact a doorway of some sort, Ben was determined to find a way through it.  
According to his training, he used all of his senses to size up the object.  He knocked upon it, and it felt and sounded like solid marble.  He shone the laser at it, but it absorbed the light.  He sniffed it, but there was no smell.  Well, I do have one other sense, thought Ben.  So he moved close to the door . . . and licked it.  Surprisingly, it tasted slightly sweet.  What am I doing? he wondered.  In all his years on the job, he’d never licked a door, and the fact that he’d started now worried him.
Ben felt the surface, searching out a doorknob or control button, but found nothing.  Pushing against it with his full weight was fruitless as well.  He weighed the logical options and came to a decision.  If he was to get out of this place, it was going to be through this door.  The light that came from the thin area where the door bordered this environment indicated that perhaps there was some kind of normal environment on the other side.  Regardless, he could not stay in this dark void indefinitely, and this was the first object he’d found since he’d started falling.  
He pulled out his laser, set it to high power/high output, and pointed it at the edge of the door.  He pressed the button, and a white-hot beam shot out of the end of the laser.  It struck the door, and instead of absorbing all the light, it actually reflected the red light energy, while absorbing the rest of the spectrum.  He held it steady, and slowly, the red dot grew wider and wider.  Ben could hear the material beginning to break down under the intense radiation with a sizzling, crackling sound.  When he saw a tiny white dot appear in the center of the red circle, he stopped.  
It took a moment for his eyes to adjust once the laser was off.  The door still glowed red where the laser had been doing its work, and the white dot remained.  Ben leaned forward and put his eye close to the white dot.  It was a hole that led to the realm beyond the door.  He could smell the fumes that still floated around the glowing red area where the laser had bored the hole.  It smelled bitter and poisonous.  The red glow slowly faded to black, and Ben placed his hand near the white dot, to test the temperature.  The super-heated material had cooled rapidly and he was able to touch it.  The hole was just big enough for his finger, so he stuck it in and pulled on the door in an attempt to open it.  It didn’t budge.
Ben tried to look through the hole, but the light from the other side was too bright, and he could see nothing.  He changed the setting on his laser tool, adjusting it for visual reception mode, and placed the tool up against the hole.  He punched some buttons on his watch, and the face became a display screen, receiving the images from the laser tool and showing Ben what it was seeing though the hole.  Still too bright for him to make anything out, he dialed down the brightness on the display until it was at its lowest setting.  An image resolved that took Ben’s breath away.

#

Ben had loved Olivia with a feeling so deep and so . . . permanent.  It felt as if he had always known and loved her.  His feeling for her permeated his every sense, and ran deep into his soul, taking root in the center of his being, and, for a time, threatened to consume his will.  She had loved Ben back with the same intensity.  Her words, her touch, and the way she looked at him made it clear there could be no other man in her heart.  
And yet, it had ended.
It was no accident, or twist of fate, but a conscious, logical choice on both their parts.  The logic did little to take the edge off the pain of that choice, but they knew it had to be so.  It was foolish enough for someone in this line of work to get involved with someone before retirement age, but this was unheard of -- they were both on the job.  With each having only a one in three chance of surviving to retirement, the odds against them as a couple were staggering.  Besides, the Establishment forbade relationships between personnel.
Ben still remembered the night they parted ways as if it were yesterday, as he’d thought about it many times in the three years since.  Ben had been in the Program for one year longer than Olivia.  He had promised her that after he retired he’d wait the one year for her to retire, and then they would be together.  Olivia had said that knowing he was waiting for her would be additional motivation for her to make sure she stayed alive.  Ben had looked into her dark eyes and felt her strength and determination, coupled with the soft kindness and warm sense of humor that resided behind those mesmerizing eyes.  He’d run his hand through her long dark hair, and caressed her cheek.  Then they kissed, one long, final kiss, and disappeared into the night in opposite directions.  That was the last time he’d seen Olivia.
It was only one year later that he heard the news – she had become one of the statistics that scared people away from this profession.  Her body had never been recovered.  Apparently, the promise of their reunion had not been enough to keep her alive. 
Of course, Ben was bitter, but he wasn’t blind enough to blame Olivia.  He knew the risks of this job, and he knew that even the best sometimes fell prey to the dangers.  And Olivia was the best he’d ever seen.  And that made her death all the more stinging to Ben, both as a fellow professional and as the man who had loved her.  
Still loved her.
And now, here in this otherworldly place, beyond all rational explanation, was Olivia, alive and well, on the other side of this mysterious door in the darkness.  It made no sense.  Ben once again began to reconsider his belief that he was not dead.  As he did so, his mental training took hold once more, and he applied logic to the problem.
Starting with the assumption that death was the end of existence, he could only assume that he was still alive.  If that was true, and he could see Olivia alive beyond the door, then either he was looking into the past, to another time and place, or he was hallucinating, or she was indeed still alive.  Hallucinations would mean he was losing his wits, and such a conclusion could lead to despair, so he ruled out that alternative.  There was only one way to find out if what he was seeing in the display on his watch was a representation of reality or some trick being played by this environment – he had to find a way through the door. 
So far, the laser had been successful at boring a hole through the door.  However, the door would not move at all, so Ben saw continuing to blast away at the door as his only option.  He fired up the laser and picked up where he left off, hoping to widen the keyhole-sized aperture. 
 The work was long and tedious.  The fumes nearly overwhelmed him, and he had to stop more than once to step back and breathe some of the cleaner air further from the door.  Eventually, however, the hole grew, until it was finally large enough for Ben to climb through.
The world that existed on the other side was so bright in comparison to the tomblike setting he’d emerged from, that it took a full minute for his eyes to adjust.  When they did, he looked back to see the hole he’d come through.  Thick, velvety darkness lay beyond the hole, which seemed to float in the air.  He walked around it.  It appeared two-dimensional, just as the door itself had seemed.  As he watched, the hole began to close like a wound healing at high speed, until it disappeared completely.  He reached out his hand to where the blackness had existed a moment before.
Ben found himself standing in a lush garden.  He could smell the fresh flowers all around and feel the warm breeze on his face.  He heard some voices coming from beyond a deep green hedge, and moved toward the sound.  As he rounded the bushes, he saw a group of eight people, men and women, sitting on lawn chairs in the sunshine and talking among themselves.  A dark-haired woman with her back to Ben suddenly turned toward him and smiled with recognition.
“Ben!” she said with joy in her voice.  She got up and came toward him.
Ben staggered forward, his face awash with confusion.  He suddenly realized he was exhausted and fell to his knees in the soft, well-groomed grass.  Olivia dropped to her knees beside him and put her arm around him.
“It’s going to be alright, Ben.  You’ve made it.  You’re going to be just fine now.”
Olivia’s words echoed and swirled around Ben’s weary head.  Everything was spinning and he felt nauseous.  He looked into her eyes, and then everything turned to black.

#

 Ben awoke in a soft, four-poster bed with sheer white curtains hanging all around.  An open window over his head brought in the fresh breeze from the garden, gently billowing the draperies and carrying the scent of summertime flowers.  He sat up slowly, and immediately Olivia parted the curtains and sat beside him, handing him a glass of water.
“Where am I?” he said.
“I know you must have many questions,” said Olivia.  “I will explain everything.  First, have something to drink.”
Olivia looked exactly as she had the last time he’d seen her.  Beautiful.  Except, something was missing.  It only took a moment to place it – the tiny scar over her left eyebrow was gone.
“You’re wondering about my scar,” she said.  
Ben had no words, so he said nothing for a few moments.  Finally, he took a sip of the water and said, “Yes.  Explain all of this to me, please.” 
“Everything I am about to tell you will seem very strange at first.  But you know me, and you trust me, and that is one of the reasons I am the one orienting you.”
“Orienting me?”
“Yes.  As your Sponsor, I am responsible for your being here, and I am responsible to help you understand.”
Ben could only numbly parrot her words.  “My Sponsor.”
“Yes, Ben.  You see, although only one in three people in the Program makes it to retirement, only some of the others die on the job.  Some begin a journey to this place.  Of those, about half of us actually make it here.  I did not die – well, obviously,” she said with a sudden smile.  “I was sponsored to come here, just as I sponsored you.  Only the very best make it.”
“I still don’t understand,” Ben said weakly.  “Where are we?” 
“The cliff – the one you fell from in the Nepali parbat – it has something special about half way down.  It’s a kind of portal.  It’s a lot like what the astronomical physicists call a wormhole.”  
Again, Ben’s stunned mind could only repeat her words.  “A wormhole.”
“The journey through is not easy, as you know.  Not everyone survives it.  It takes presence of mind, determination, and creativity.  Ingenuity.  But I knew you would make it.  If I’d had any doubt at all, I wouldn’t have sponsored you.”
Ben remembered Field’s attitude about this final assignment.  “So, my final assignment – it wasn’t really a legit assignment?  It was just a ploy to get me to come here?  Did Field know about this?” 
“It wasn’t a ploy, it was a recruitment exercise.  And, no, Field had nothing to do with it.  Nobody on Earth is aware of this Higher Program.”
As Ben let the answers sink in, more questions arose.  “And what of those who fail the test?  What happens to the ones who don’t figure out how to make it all the way here through the wormhole?”
“I’ve been told that they go mad.  They eventually die and their bodies disintegrate in the wormhole.”
“But you knew I’d make it.”
“Yes, Ben.  I knew you would make it.”
Ben was slowly becoming more lucid, and he sat up fully, feeling his strength return to his limbs.
“I can see the water is working,” said Olivia.  “Our water has amazing regenerative properties.”
Ben looked at the glass in his hand and took another sip.  “So, you still haven’t told me where we are,” he said.
“I can sense you are still wary, still having a hard time believing all I’ve told you.  But I will not hold anything back from you.”  She placed her hand gently on his knee.  “Ben, we’re about a billion light years from Earth, in a galaxy barely visible with Earth’s best telescopes.  This world is called Na’ej.  It is our base of operations.”
The distance from Earth was mind-boggling, but Ben had heard the theories about wormholes.  He chose to focus on her use of the word our.  “And who are we, exactly?”
“We are the Anxeliss.  We are elite professionals, gleaned from many worlds, many races.  From here, we have means to travel all over the universe, working special assignments to make things right.”  A smile spread across her face.  “Ben, this is the best job in the universe!  And we are always safe.  We cannot be hurt or killed.  Well, we can, but we can always return here to regenerate.”
“This is going to take a while to sink in,” Ben said, catching his breath.
“That’s perfectly normal,” Olivia said.  “Initiates usually take from four to six weeks to settle in and get their bearings.  I was actually the worst – I resisted and was skeptical for nearly two months.  But I finally got all the answers I wanted and found my place here.  After your adjustment period, there’s ten weeks of training, and after that, you get a partner and you’re off on you first assignment.”
“A partner?  I’m used to working alone,” said Ben. 
“I was hoping we’d be partners, Ben.”
Ben found himself starting to smile.  “I think I might like this place,” he said, lying back on the soft pillow.
“Get some rest,” said Olivia.  “When you’re ready, I’ll introduce you to our boss.”

#

Hours later, Ben awoke.  The first thing he noticed was that his body wasn’t aching.  
In fact, he felt great.  
He’d never slept better, never felt better.  He sat up, turned and placed his feet on the floor.  He looked down at his naked body, and it was like seeing it for the first time.  Every one of his old scars was gone – and he’d had so many that he’d lost count.  Before coming here, he had been fit, just like everyone in the Program, but now he was in even better shape.  He flexed his right bicep and touched it with his left hand, noticing its size and firmness. I must have two-percent body fat, he thought with satisfaction.
He heard a knock at the door, and Olivia opened it just enough to poke her head in with her eyes closed. 
“Put some clothes on,” she said.  “You can admire your body later,” she added playfully.  “There’s things in the closet you can put on.  When you’re ready, we’ll go meet our boss.”  With that, she closed the door and he heard her walk away.
He opened the closet to find a row of clothes hanging neatly.  The choices, however, were limited.  There were about ten identical outfits that appeared to be loose-fitting sleepwear.  The other half of the closet was comprised of a dozen identical ensembles that looked like form-fitting uniforms.  
This place needs some fashion designers.
Faced with this choice, he grabbed a uniform and slipped into it.  The fabric was cool and flexible, and seemed to breathe well despite being nearly skin-tight.  The arms and legs were a pale blue, while the torso was deep blue with a small insignia over the left breast.  As he was dressing he noticed several identical pairs of shoes on the floor of the closet, and he put on a pair before leaving the room.
As he stepped out, he caught sight of Olivia at the end of the hall, speaking cordially with another woman.  She saw him and beckoned him to join her.
“Ben, I’d like you to meet Ulaya.  She was my Sponsor.”
“Um, pleased to meet you,” said Ben.
“And you,” said Ulaya.  “Well, I must be going.  I’m sure we’ll meet again soon.”
As Ulaya walked away, Ben asked, “How many of us are there?”
“Close to one hundred and fifty thousand,” said Olivia, linking her arm in his and leading him out into a courtyard.
“That many?” said Ben with surprise.  “I thought we were elite.”
“Trust me, that is elite,” said Olivia.  “It’s an enormous universe, Ben.  We end up spread pretty thin when you consider the range of our work.  I mean, for each one of us, there are many thousands of star systems, each with their own worlds, to serve.”
They passed through the courtyard and entered another building through a wide doorway.
“This is where we hold our daily meetings, receive assignments, and have unitime with Axo.”
“Okay, you lost me on that last part,” said Ben.
“Unitime is a type of individual meeting, where thoughts are shared through words and words are shared through thoughts.  Axo is our boss.  I’m about to introduce you to him.”
Ben noted a thin ring atop Olivia’s head.  At first, he’d thought it was just ornamental, but he noticed other people wore them also.  “What is that silver band on your head?” he asked.
“You remember your old tool belt?”
Ben nodded.
“This is kind of like that, only much better.  It’s called an Uxay.”
The ring was bright and shiny, and appeared to be made of white gold.  It was about the thickness of a wedding band, and rested loosely on the head like a hair band.
“How does it stay on during physical activity?” Ben asked.
“It’s held in place with an energy similar to magnetic force,” said Olivia.  “It’s attracted to our Ixnah – that’s kind of like a life-energy.  Watch.”
She removed her Uxay and tossed it out in front of her.  As it started to fall to the ground, it reversed course and floated back up to her hand, as if it had been attached like a yo-yo.  She smiled and placed it back on her head.  “See?  You can’t lose your Uxay.  You’ll be issued one your first day of training.”
“But what does it do?” asked Ben.
“Pretty much anything you want,” Olivia said.  “Certainly more than any Earth device from 2089 could do.”
“It’s 2092 now,” Ben said.
“Regardless, this thing is really amazing.  You know the old saying about how any sufficiently advanced technology seems like magic to the more primitive man?  Well, the Uxay uses a science that makes Earth’s latest technology look like striking stones to start a fire or counting with an abacus.”
“Do you realize that we’re no longer using DNA-based quantum processing systems with cold fusion sub-quantum fractal integration, nanite-based energy flow, or meson/gluon memory parameters with multi-phased circuitry?  We’re now fully utilizing quantum foam ciphers at every level. Things have come a long way, even in the three years since you were on Earth,” Ben said.  “The Singularity occurred right after you died – I mean, after you came here.  That changed everything.  Technology took on a life of its own after that.”
“Ben, this science is so far beyond that stuff it is staggering.  The Uxay relies on a type of energy that Earth’s scientists never even imagined, because it lay beyond their perception.  It’s the same energy that created the worlds, the same energy that we feel when we look at each other in love.  The Uxay takes that energy and uses it to manipulate time, space, and perception.”
“Perception?” 
“The Uxay gives me the ability to read certain thoughts – ones that are directed toward me.  It also gives me the ability to project a disguise into the mind of another, providing they are open enough to the suggestion,” said Olivia. 
“So, how do I know that you’re really Olivia?” said Ben warily.
“Ben, you know it’s me.  And here’s some proof: on our last forbidden date, the next-to-last time I saw you, we were alone at the ocean, at the base of the cliffs near Dover.  You told me that you were willing to quit the Program if I would, too.  You said we could run away to one of the Martian colonies and the Establishment would never be able to track us.  You said you wanted to marry me.”
Ben stood in silence while he remembered that day, laying in the sand, hatching impossible schemes in an effort to save their love from having to wait several years for its fulfillment.  He had felt silly afterward, realizing his plan to flee his job would have been futile, not to mention dishonorable.  Nobody ever quit the Program.  He’d pledged ten years of his life, and ten years was what the Establishment would get.  Not even true love could change that.
“Alright,” he said finally, “I guess there’s no way anyone else could know that.  What else can the Uxay do?”
“I can use it to transport from one location to another, with no distance limit.  I can use it to manipulate time, I can use it to reshape matter from the elemental level, oh – the possibilities are endless.” 
Ben was truly impressed.  Despite the Singularity, no technology on Earth was even close to being able to control the fundamental aspects of reality in such a manner.
Olivia led Ben to a set of massive doors, and when she placed her hand on the wall next to them, they swung open slowly.  The intricately carved doors appeared so ancient to Ben that he half-expected them to open with an ominous creak – instead, they glided silently, the antique look clearly a technological illusion. 
The interior of this building was breathtaking.  Enormous stone columns rose skyward to a vaulted glass ceiling, dozens of stories high.  Gentle, blue skies dotted with puffy, white clouds lay beyond the glass ceiling.  The spacious room, about the size of a large sporting stadium, was bathed in natural light from the sun above, but areas that might have fallen into shadow were also lit by glowing strands of microfibrous light, which sprung upward from the polished floor like luminescent palm trees.  Fountains quietly trickled water into lush, green, sculpted gardens around the perimeter of the hall, while hundreds of people strolled to and fro at a leisurely pace across the expansive marble floor, muttering to one another in hushed tones.  
As they walked onward, and Ben gazed around at the wonder of this beautiful testament to Anxeliss ingenuity, art, and landscaping abilities, the strains of a melody could be faintly heard.  As the sound seemed to draw closer, Ben looked up to see a quartet of musicians approaching on a hovering disc about three meters in diameter – some sort of moving stage.  The musical welcoming-committee reached the couple and fell in pace alongside them, hovering at about eye level as they proceeded toward the opposite end of the great hall.  The instruments they played produced a sound unlike anything Ben had ever heard – and he couldn’t help but smile as the sweet symphony caressed his ears and sunk deep into his soul. 
“This is Xajahli, a part of the Orchestra Anxeliss.  Quartets from the orchestra regularly appear here to greet new arrivals,” Olivia said to Ben. 
“Are they hired musicians, then?” Ben asked.
“No.  We don’t work the job full time here, Ben.  Many of us use our ample free time to develop our talents, pursuing music, the arts, even universal history, sports, and writing.”
“Well, the music is incredible,” Ben said.  “You know, at one point when I was passing through the wormhole, I thought that maybe I’d died and gone to hell.  Now I’m starting to wonder if I’ve died and gone to heaven.”
“I’m glad you like it, Ben,” Olivia said with a warm smile.
The couple traversed the hall and arrived at what appeared to be a large office with glass walls that had a slight blue tint to them.  Inside, Ben could see comfortable-looking furnishings that were made from a substance he couldn’t identify.  The chairs surrounded a broad desk that looked like it was made from centuries-old wood.  Behind the desk sat a white-haired man in a gold robe with a white sash.  
That must be Axo.  
Olivia touched an invisible panel in the glass wall of the office.  The glass glowed faintly in the shape of a square and then faded, and the wall silently separated.  A door-shaped area of the glass, previously invisible, moved outward about one centimeter, and then slid to the right, without so much as a swoosh.  
Very impressive, Ben thought approvingly.
Olivia ushered Ben into the office with a gracious arm gesture accompanied by a very slight bow.  “Please, go right in and sit down,” she said with a smile.
Ben stepped in and took a seat.  Olivia sat beside him and intertwined her fingers in his.  The man behind the desk smiled at Ben, and for a fraction of a second, Ben thought he saw fangs.  He blinked and looked again, and saw only a kindly-looking old man.
“Welcome, Ben,” said the man, his voice deep and rich.  “Thank you for taking such good care of him, Zharaa.”
Ben’s eyes widened.  “Zharaa?  So you are an imposter!”  He withdrew his hand from hers and started to rise from his chair.
“Have a seat, Ben,” said the man, with a calm voice that seemed to pierce him to his core.  “Zharaa is Olivia.  Olivia is Zharaa.  When you become an Anxeliss, you undergo some changes.  One of those is your name.  By the end of your training, you will no longer be known as Ben.”
Ben slowly settled back into his seat, and Zharaa gently took his hand again, caressing it.
“I am Axo,” said the man behind the desk.  “I preside over the Anxeliss.”
“I’m sorry for my alarm just now,” said Ben.  “This is all so much to take in, even for someone with my training and experience.”
“It’s alright, Ben,” said Axo.  “It’s your training that is keeping you on your toes, keeping you questioning your reality.  Frankly, you’re taking it better than most.  With time, this will all make sense, and you will feel at ease here.”
“When do I begin my new training?”
Axo smiled.  “Your eagerness to get started is encouraging.  Zharaa, you were right about him.  He is a wonderful recruit.”
“So, when?” Ben asked.
“If you are feeling comfortable with your transition, you may begin immediately.  As your Sponsor, Zharaa will mentor you in the basics of Anxeliss life.  You will have additional trainers – those who will teach you the way of the Uxay, the nature and expectations of the job, the history of our people, and some specialized martial skills.  You will also learn science and the arts.  If you wish, you may join a leisure community – those are guilds of hobbyists, everything from the orchestra to sporting teams.  In time, you will not only fit in happily here, you will become an integral part of our thriving culture, and live to serve the good of the universe.”
“Sounds grand,” Ben said.  He noticed a flicker of indignation behind Axo’s eyes, and quickly amended, “I mean that literally, not sarcastically.” 
Axo smiled once again.  “Zharaa, I like this man.  You have done well in this sponsorship.  Please stay close to him through his training period.  You will be given no assignments during that time, except you will of course accompany him on his first training mission.  Thank you.”
Zharaa seemed to understand from experience that she was being dismissed.  “Thank you, Axo,” she said, bowing deferentially.  She then took Ben by the arm and led him from the office.
“A pleasure to meet you, Sir,” he said as he left.

#

Ten weeks passed like the twinkling of an eye.  Ben grew stronger and smarter than he’d ever imagined possible.  Under the tutelage of several experienced Anxeliss, he became an expert at using the Uxay, and had gained a deep understanding of Anxeliss culture and purpose.  Classes in universal history opened his eyes to the intricate relationships between the worlds and the galaxies, and hours of grueling training in new forms of martial arts had sharpened him like a razor’s edge.  
His former life was starting to feel like a childhood dream – distant and vague – even detached.  He’d fallen even more in love with Olivia – or Zharaa, as he’d now gotten used to calling her, and seemed to have developed a strong mutual trust with Axo, who was like a father-figure to all the Anxeliss. 
The day of his graduation had come.  It wasn’t a ceremony, per se, more of a ritual.  Ben would have his first unitime with Axo, and at that time he would learn what name he would be known by from this time forth.  He prepared for his meeting by hiking to the top of nearby Mount Yixel.  He sat atop the peak, looking down on the valley below, filled with the beautiful structures that made up the Anxeliss main city.  Beyond the city lay several miles of open meadows, and then the great purple sea.  A warm breeze buffeted his black hair as he watched the sun sparkle upon the distant water of the sea.  This was one of the few times he’d been completely alone during his waking hours since arriving ten weeks ago.  Zharaa had practically been his shadow, from the time he left his room each morning till the time he re-entered to go to bed.  He enjoyed this moment of solitude, and felt at peace in the relative quiet of nature.
After a couple of hours, he came down from the mountain and made his way to the great hall, and into the office of Axo.  Zharaa was already there waiting for him, discussing something with Axo as he arrived.  When he walked in, they abruptly ended their conversation.  Zharaa rose to leave.
“Alright Ben,” she said, squeezing his hand, “this is it.  This is your First Unitime.  When you’re finished, come see me in the garden where you arrived.”
“I’ll see you soon,” he said, giving her a quick kiss on the cheek.
Zharaa left, and Ben sat down opposite Axo.  Axo placed his palm on the smooth surface of his desk, and the glass walls of the room tinted to a dark green hue.  “For privacy,” he said.
“So, I’m not exactly sure how this works,” Ben said.  “Zharaa and my trainers have prepared me somewhat, but I don’t really know what to do.”
“First, relax.  Focus your thoughts on your Uxay.  Feel the circle, in your mind, feel the circle reaching out to me.  Now, pinpoint your earliest memory.  Overlay it with your first memory of arriving here.  Use the Uxay to squeeze the two together – the thoughts, the feelings, all the details of those memories.  And then, send them to me.” 
Ben did as he was instructed.  His mental discipline was already heightened from his years working in the Program, but these last few weeks had given him clarity like never before.  He found it surprisingly easy to do as he was told, and before he knew it, his mind was joined with Axo’s in a wave of sounds and images.  The first thing he heard clearly in his mind was a name.
“Thaylu.”
Ben realized he was being spoken to, and responded by confirming what he understood.
“My name is Thaylu.”
“Yes.  And for your First Unitime, you may ask me any one question.”
Ben paused, searching his own thoughts for whatever question was burning most deeply within him.  He sent forth to Axo the first thing that came to the forefront.
“Why me?”
“A worthy question.  Firstly, you were nominated by Zharaa.  We observed you for a time.  We approved the nomination.  Zharaa sponsored you.  We guided you here.  You know the rest.  Thaylu, during the observation phase, we saw that you were what we call Relssh.  It translates roughly as one in many.  And by many, we mean, many hundreds of billions.  You have several special characteristics.  One of those is a strong sense of duty.  That characteristic will serve you, and all Anxeliss, very well.  It is that simple.”
With that, the mental link was terminated, and Axo caused the walls to once again become clear.  He stood and extended his hand to Ben.  “I have seen your mind, and I am convinced of your learning, understanding, and loyalty.  Welcome aboard, Thaylu,” he said with a smile.
“Thank you, Sir,” said Thaylu.
Axo removed Ben’s Uxay, and handed him another.  “Here.  This is the Uxay of a full Anxeliss.  Go now.”
He left the glass office and passed through the great hall, making his way to the place where he’d arrived many weeks ago.
He found Zharaa in the garden, smelling one of the bright yellow flowers that grew in the bushes surrounding the lawn.  She saw him approaching and extended her hand with a bright smile.
“My name is Zharaa,” she teased.  “And yours?”
“I am Thaylu,” he said, taking her hand.  “Very pleased to make your acquaintance.”

#

“As is typical for a first training assignment, you will be sent to your world of origin,” said Axo.
Thaylu sat in the glass office once again, receiving his orders.  “I’m going to Earth?” he asked with surprise.
“Yes.  You will be teamed with Zharaa.  She will brief you on the mission before you leave.”
“Sounds good,” said Thaylu.  “I’m just glad I won’t have to travel through that wormhole to get there.”
“Indeed,” said Axo, “the Uxay is a far more efficient and far preferable mode of transportation.  Now, go and speak with your partner.  And good luck.”
Thaylu nodded and left.  He met with Zharaa and she gave him the basic outline of their assignment.
“We are to return to Earth to subvert the Program.  We are to destroy it from the inside out, to enable the Anxeliss to topple the Establishment and annex the Solar System.”
Thaylu laughed out loud.  “Ha! I always loved your sense of humor, honey.  Now, seriously, what are we going to do on Earth?  Or,” he said with a grin, “what on Earth are we going to do?”
“Your sense of humor is lacking,” Zharaa said coolly.  “And mine is nonexistent.”  Her eyes took on a blackness that made the hair on the back of Thaylu’s neck stand on end.  “You will take me to the Program’s administrative head.  We’ll start there, and work our way down the chain of command, eliminating every agent until the planet is left defenseless.  Then an Anxeliss fleet will enter the system unhindered and begin the extermination and enslavement process.”
Thaylu could see in her blank expression that she was dead serious.  His blood ran cold and his mouth dried up.  “You’re not Olivia.”
“I told you, my name is Zharaa.”
He felt sick to his stomach.  His face twisted with anger, and he yelled, “And my name is Ben!”
He then focused his thoughts and used the Uxay, in a process that had become second nature through his recent training, to transport himself away.  He sent himself past dozens of galaxies, back to Earth.  He’d never used it to travel that far in his training, but to the Uxay, all distances were exactly the same: zero.  
At the same time as initiating the transport, he also used the Uxay to create a mental shroud, protecting himself from the thought-reading ability of the Anxeliss, essentially breaking all mental links with the people he’d spent the last few weeks growing to trust.
Ben immediately found himself at the front door to Program Headquarters, a base in the desert just outside of Sydney, Australia.  He was unsure why he’d not appeared inside, but proceeded anyway.  He entered his key code, rushed inside and headed directly for the Administrator’s office, located one hundred stories underground.  He had to warn the Program of the impending threat and coordinate a defense response as quickly as possible.
There were no security guards to impede his progress through the facility, because the walls were equipped with biogenic sensors that recognized his DNA.  As he approached each door along the way, the sensors confirmed his identity and automatically opened the doors as he neared them.  Within a few minutes he was at the Administrator’s office.  He burst through the door.
“Administrator Field,” he said breathlessly, “we must initiate a Program-wide alert immediately.”
“Agent Delta Nineteen?” said Field, a look of confusion on his face.  “Ben – you’re alive?”
“Yes – I only went dark a few weeks ago.  You’d presumed me dead already?”
“No, Ben.  You’ve been gone for three years.  We thought you were lost.  There was a funeral.” 
“Three years?  What year is it?”
“It’s 2092.  You haven’t been seen since 2089.”
“What are you talking about?” said Ben.  “I left for Lunatropolis about four months ago, in June of 2092.  I followed a lead that led me to Borneo, and I checked in from there three months ago.  Then I was in Nepal, and that’s when I was taken to Anxeliss.”
“Ben, you were lost three years ago on a mission in Lunatropolis.  We sent two teams to the moon looking for you.  We never found your body.  No one has seen you since that day in 2089 when you took the assignment.  Your last check-in was April 16th, 2089.  And what is Anxeliss?”
 Ben plopped down into a chair near Field’s desk.  “This doesn’t make any sense.”  He pondered for a moment, piecing things together.  “Sir, the Anxeliss are the people who abducted me on the Lunar mission.  It appears that they’ve held me for the last three years, filling my head with false memories.  But I have escaped them.  And they are on their way here right now to try to destroy the Establishment and take over the whole Solar System.”
“Normally you’d undergo an extensive debriefing,” said Field.  “But under the circumstances, it seems there is some urgency that requires your debriefing be put off.  I want you in a consultation position for this, Ben.  I’ll form a team, and I want you to create a protocol to deal with the threat.  I’ll initiate an alert immediately.”
“Consultation?  I should be heading this thing up,” said Ben.  
“Not when you’ve been missing for three years, Ben.  You know how this works.  You should be in a small room with a counselor and a couch, but we need you active right now.  However, you can’t take lead, not after three years in captivity, especially considering the mental reconditioning you claim they’ve been doing to you.  Now get moving.”
Ben stood and headed out.  He found his way to his old office.  The door opened for him as it had in the past, reading his DNA.  The lights came on, and he smelled the musty, stale smell of three years of disuse.  
Strange, if they’d filed me as dead, I’d think they’d have deactivated me by now – wiped my DNA from the system registry, and emptied this office.  
His things were exactly where he’d left them all that time before.  On his desk, a small holograph of Olivia sat beside his terminal screen.  He turned on the hardware and entered his password, then used the neuro-retinal control to bring up several scenario processing algorithms.  While he frantically worked to devise countermeasures to the expected Anxeliss incursion, Field’s face appeared in a new screen to the left of his virtual workspace.
“Ben, I’ve received only four responses to the alert so far.  Those four are going to have to be the team.”
“Understood.  What’s their ETA?”
“They can all be here in under thirty minutes.  All except one, who is on the moon.  She’ll be here in about an hour.”
“Alright, thanks.  Send them here to my office.”
“Got it.  I’m initiating Protocol Seven.  I’ll be at Establishment H-Q in Washington to provide personal protection to the System President.  Contact me there in one hour with an update.”
Ben returned to running his scenarios.  He let the hardware compute some probabilities based on the data he’d supplied, and decided on a priority action plan.

#

Ben had briefed three of Field’s team members upon their arrival, and now was only waiting for the fourth.  Stewart, Brooks and Chin were busily working at their portable workstations, remotely repositioning satellites, making contact with field commanders and shifting personnel from place to place in an effort to close up gaps in the defense grid.
Then she walked through the door.
Everything seemed to slow to a crawl as Ben instinctively reached for the energy pistol in his desk drawer and fired on Zharaa.  In his haste, he missed, and a puff of black smoke erupted from the wall beside her head.
“Hold your fire!  What do you think you’re doing?” she screamed.
The other three were all wide-eyed.  Chin dove to restrain Ben, and Stewart was instantly speaking with Field on his viewscreen, suggesting Ben was too unstable to work this mission.
As Ben looked closer, he saw that Zharaa was not wearing her Uxay.  The clues quickly fell into place, and Ben realized he’d just fired on the love of his life.
“Olivia?” he said, lowering his weapon.
“In the flesh, no thanks to you,” she said.  “Why are you trying to kill me?”
“I thought you were Zharaa.  The Anxeliss implanted false information in my mind, including a duplicate of you.  It’s complicated.”
“Just promise not to shoot me, and I’ll let you explain it all to me later.  Right now, there’s a mission to complete.”
Ben’s stomach was in knots.  He wanted so much to just sit and talk with her, and to hold her in his arms.  But the situation was dire, and he would only have time to give her the vital information of the moment.  Besides, with the other team members present, they were forced to maintain a façade – no one could know they had a personal relationship, or they’d both be banished from the Program.
After a short period of additional prep work, Stewart, Brooks and Chin left Ben’s office to begin initiating the defense plan.  Olivia and Ben found themselves alone.
“Ben,” she said, placing her hand on his desk and gently touching his finger with her own – the most intimacy they could hope to get away with at this location.  “All this time I’ve been fighting a battle between facts and hope.  I just couldn’t accept that you were dead, despite the lack of evidence to the contrary.  After you disappeared, I volunteered to be on one of the search teams.  When they shut down the recovery operation, I didn’t leave the moon.  I never gave up the search.  I’ve been taking other assignments, but then I always go back to try to track you down.  I even refused to attend your funeral – I never stopped believing.” 
Ben paused while it all sunk in.  “And I’ve spent the last three years being brainwashed into believing that you were dead.  Then they convinced me that you were alive, only it wasn’t you, it was an imposter.  They even read my mind and tricked me into believing that the imposter had shared memories of our last times together.  I realize now that it was all a trick, because somehow they were able to get inside my head.”
“I read some of the data on the way here,” said Olivia, getting to business.  “These Anxeliss, how are they planning to take us down?”
“They intend to destroy the Program, so Earth will be defenseless.  They are going to attack from the inside.  They wanted to use me to take out Field and subvert the Program, but now that I’ve spoiled that plan, I imagine they will probably just send their fleet, which is most likely already en route.”
“Any ideas?”
“I’ve run some scenarios on the hardware.  One of the variables is their weaponry.  They never gave me much information on that, so it’s hard to say what they have.  Obviously, they only showed me what they wanted me to know.  However, I do have this, and I think it may be one of the best ways to battle them.”
Ben pointed at his Uxay.
“An angel’s halo?  How’s that gonna help?” asked Olivia skeptically.
“They called it an Uxay.  It’s a tool of unimaginable power.  Provided they didn’t give me one with limitations, I should be able to use it to do a lot to repel them.  It’s unlikely they gave me a dud, since they were expecting me to help them with the takeover.”
“So, they recruited you under false pretenses, imposed false memories on you, and sent you here to destroy your own people?  They obviously don’t know you.”
“Well, I’m sure they’re kicking themselves now for ever trying to turn me, but that’s not going to stop them from trying to take us down anyway.”
“What do you have the others doing?”
“Stewart is coordinating the satellite weapons.  Brooks is on his way to the Oort cloud to activate the cloaked minefield, in case any of the enemy attempt to travel here conventionally.  And Chin is organizing the troops.  You and I are going to stay here at Headquarters, in Field’s office.  It’s most likely that they’ll transport directly there to try to collapse the Program.  We’ll be here to stop them.”
“How?”
“I’ll use my Uxay to transport their Uxays a million light years away and into prehistoric times.  Disarmed, we should be able to overpower them.  From there it’s a simple Dord operation.”
Dord was Program lingo for “detain or destroy.”  Fittingly, agents also used the term to mean “do or die.”
They headed back up to Field’s empty office, and moments later it all began.  Zharaa was first to appear in the facility.  She was only distinguishable from the real Olivia by her Uxay, which Ben immediately transported away.  Olivia grabbed Zharaa in a choke hold and bound her with a pair of mag-cuffs.  Ben found the struggle surreal to observe – two identical women fighting – one whom he hated and one whom he loved.  In the end, his love conquered.  
Several more Anxeliss appeared, and Ben dealt with them all the same way, assisted each time by Olivia.  After a few frantic moments, the arrivals stopped.
“We never should have trusted you!” Zharaa yelled at Ben.  “We didn’t realize how proficient you’d become with the Uxay, or that you would turn against us.  Axo was so certain.”
“Your plan had many flaws, Zharaa,” said Ben.  “The first was ever thinking that I’d help you attack my own people.” 
“This isn’t over,” said Zharaa.  “There’s more of us on the way, coming in ships.  With or without Uxay, you’ll have no way of stopping us.  We left three years ago, and should be here any time now.”
“Ben,” said Olivia.  “I’ve just received word from the Oort cloud.  Thirty Anxeliss ships destroyed by the minefield.  Four slipped through.”
“See, Zharaa?  We’re ready for you,” said Ben.
“Four of our ships are more than enough to plough this world under,” Zharaa said with contempt.
“Ben,” Olivia reported again, staring at Ben’s terminal screen.  “Satellite defenses have picked off all four remaining Anxeliss.  It’s over.”
“No!” shouted Zhara and clenched her teeth in fury.
A group of security personnel arrived.  “Bring them to Field.  I’m sure he’ll enjoy interrogating the people who tried to destroy him,” said Ben, referring to the six captive Anxeliss in his office.
Olivia walked up to Ben and put her hand on his shoulder.
“Nice work.”
Ben breathed out a heavy sigh.  “You, too.  I’m just glad this nightmare is over.”

#

“Ben, you and the team have saved Earth.  Saved the whole solar system.  Words can’t express the appreciation of the citizens, or of the Program,” said Field.
Ben, Field, and Olivia stood on the roof of the Program Administration building, looking out over the desert.  The breeze tossed their hair around, but took the edge off the afternoon heat.
“In light of your heroism, the Establishment has agreed to offer you both early retirement.”
“That’s never been done before,” Ben said.
“Ben, we can get married!” said Olivia.
“That’s right,” said Field.  “Before Ben disappeared, I had suspected something was going on between you two, but without any evidence, I couldn’t pursue it.  Besides, I didn’t want to.  I’ve thought of Ben like a son.  I know this is unprecedented, but your situation is unique.  And so is what you’ve done for the Establishment.  Now get out of here before they change their minds.”
Ben and Olivia bid their farewells to their long-time boss, and headed downstairs to their ground vehicle.
“Let’s get married tonight,” said Olivia.
“Alright.  Where?”
“How about on a boat in Sydney Harbour?”
“Do you think Field would be willing to perform it?” asked Ben.
“All we can do is ask.”

#

The lights of Sydney sparkled on the water, and the historic Opera House shone like a white flame in the distance.  Ben took Olivia’s hand in his, and turned to face Field, who’d agreed to marry them despite the Program’s protocols.
As Ben looked into Olivia’s eyes, he felt a joy like he’d never known.  This all seemed too good to be true.
The thought stuck in Ben’s mind like a dagger.  His training came to the surface, and he started to wonder if perhaps it was too good to be true.
And that’s when things started to change.  He smelled acrid smoke coming from somewhere on the vessel, and the faint sound of an alarm.  Suddenly, his viewpoint shifted.  He abruptly found himself staring at the ceiling, as if he’d fallen over on his back.  But it wasn’t the ceiling of the yacht.  It was an unfamiliar place.  Olivia’s face moved into his view.
“Ben, Ben can you hear me?”
Her hair was disheveled, and she had a gash on her cheek from which a trail of blood ran down to her collar.  She was sweating heavily and seemed highly agitated.
“Wha -- what’s going on?” Ben mumbled.
“Ben, can you stand up?  We have to get you out of here, now.”  She lifted a thin silver ring from the top of his shaved head and tossed it aside.
“Where am I?  What’s happening here?”
“You’re aboard an Anxeliss attack ship.  I just disconnected their mind-control device.  You’ve been lying here in a sort of stasis, being fed nutrients and a steady stream of lies.  Right now, we have about four minutes to get out of here.”
“That can’t be,” Ben said.  “I was just with you, we were getting married.  But before that – before that they had brainwashed me.  But I got out of that, and we prevented their assault on Earth.”
“All of that was an illusion, Ben.  They’ve been manipulating you. Look, we need to get off this ship.”
She grabbed Ben, throwing his arm over her shoulder and helping him to stand.  Ben’s joints were stiff from spending so long on his back.  He looked at his body as he stood, and saw that his scars had returned.  Heading toward the door, he spied his tool belt sitting in the corner of the room.  He grabbed it and they left the cell behind, heading down a corridor.  Smoke billowed from various open doors, and sirens blared.
“Did you do all this?” asked Ben.
“I had to do some creative engineering of this ship’s propulsion systems,” Olivia yelled over the noise.  The ship rocked violently for a moment, causing them to have to brace themselves against the wall.  “You know how my ground transports are always overheating, well, I put that experience to use on a large scale.  I sabotaged the coolant system.  We only have seconds before this entire vessel blows.”
“How are we going to get off?”
“I docked with the ship.  We’ll just have to return to my shuttle and hope we can get out of the blast range in time.”
They scurried through the halls, encountering no one along the way, and finally found the vacuum port.  They stepped through the airlock, closed the hatch, and stepped into the shuttle.
Olivia jumped into the pilot’s seat and fired up the engines.  She broke away from the Anxeliss ship and pushed the shuttle to maximum in-system velocity.  A huge explosion lit up the viewport and rocked the tiny ship.
Before the bright flare in space had a chance to dim, a figure emerged from the shuttle’s storage compartment.  A hideous, barely humanoid beast with bright red skin and four arms towered over Ben.  Six tusks protruded from his face, and his claws were long and sharp.  Enormous drooling fangs appeared as the creature appeared to grin -- and there was something about the eyes.  They stared at Ben, penetrating him.
“Axo,” Ben whispered, recognizing his captor without his disguise.  He reached for his weapon, but it was not there.  Thinking quickly, he grabbed his trusty metal ball from his tool belt and rushed the giant alien.  He rammed the climbing tool up against Axo’s throat and activated it.  The long, sharp pitons shot out of the ball, lodging in Axo’s leathery neck.  Silvery blood spurted out as he staggered back.
But then Axo seemed to recover.  He growled and raised his claws high in the air, preparing to strike Ben down.
A hot blast from behind Ben whizzed past his ear and burned a gaping hole straight through Axo’s chest.  He fell to the floor, smoke emanating from the massive cavity.  Ben turned back to see Olivia holstering her weapon.  He turned back and stared at Axo’s corpse for a long moment, then moved to the front of the shuttle.
“Alright,” said Ben, settling into the co-pilot’s seat.  “Explain all of this to me.”
“Three weeks ago, you disappeared.”
“The Lunatropolis mission.”
“Right.”
“Wait – that was only three weeks ago?”
“Yes – keep listening, and it’ll make sense,” Olivia said.  “You’d gone dark without the appropriate protocol.  I knew something was wrong, so I pleaded with Field to put me on the case.  That’s when he told me about Project Dreamer.”
“And what exactly is that?”
“Field had received intel indicating that Axo was mounting an invasion of the System.  Axo is that dead thing over there on the floor, and the captain of the ship we just destroyed.  He was a power-hungry maniac from the Anxeliss system in Galaxy M36, who traveled from system to system, enslaving entire worlds, using his various mind-control machines to rule as a ruthless dictator over many systems.”
“Where’s his army?  How did he take over alone?”
“His army was comprised of the very people he would conquer.  He’d use entire civilizations against themselves, all under his mind-control.  His method was simple: find a top-level defense operative – in this case, you – and abduct him.  Brainwash him.  Read his thoughts.  Then use him.” 
“And so he was planning on using me, by keeping me strapped to a mind-control machine aboard his attack ship?”
“According to our intel, that’s how he coordinated his attacks.”
Ben pondered what had happened.  “It was weird – it seemed like the first few hours or days I was just hanging in a void.  It took a while before I even interacted with anybody in the illusion Axo created.” 
“From what I understand,” said Olivia, “it can take a while for his mind-machine to drill into your psyche.  It must have taken a lot longer with you because of your intense mental training.  You’re a tough nut to crack,” she smiled.
“So, first, he made me believe he was a good guy,” Ben continued, talking his way through it, as much to inform Olivia as to try to make sense of it all.  “He made me believe that he had recruited me to be a planet-saver with a jurisdiction of the whole universe.  Then he made me think that I had figured out his game.  Then he watched as I saved Earth from him in a simulated attack – even though I thought it was real – and he used my own protocols and scenarios against us.  He knew everything that I would have done in that situation, and used that to come up with his attack plan.”  
The pieces started to come together for Ben.  He’d inadvertently given up his countermeasures and strategies.  “Because he was reading my mind, he knew about our cloaked minefield in the Oort cloud.  He was prepared for our satellite defenses.  And he knew the internal workings of the Program like an insider – our team structures, assignments, even our codes and passwords.  I gave him everything he wanted!”  Ben thought back on the events and the self-recrimination started to sink in.  “So, by making me believe that I had saved Earth, I had actually doomed it, because Axo knew the strategy that I would use to help the Program and the Establishment defend Earth.” 
“You had no way to know that he was using you Ben.”
“But I played right into his hands.”
“You were under his influence for three weeks straight, Ben.  You’ve fared amazingly well.  Our data indicates that most of his previous abductees don’t usually last nearly as long.  And they usually end up practically brain dead.  You have shown remarkable mental stamina and strength of will.  Besides . . . you didn’t actually give Axo what he needed.”
“What do you mean?”
“When Field took our intel to the Establishment Echelon, the Echelon Council studied it and returned to Field with a plan.”
“Project Dreamer.”
“Right.  They told Field he had to choose a top agent to be implanted with false memories and erroneous intel.  Misleading data and fake strategies.  All designed to lead Axo into a trap.”
“Field chose me,” said Ben, realization finally dawning.
“And Axo fell for it.”
Ben fumed inside.  “Field could’ve just asked me.  I’d have done anything he’d asked.  He didn’t have to trick me into this.”
“Actually, he did have to.  If you’d gone into this with any knowledge of the true assignment, Axo would’ve spotted the deception when he probed your mind.”
“I still can’t believe Field would do this to me,” Ben said through gritted teeth.  “He sold me out.  Sent me on a suicide mission, without my consent, just weeks before retirement.”
“Believe me, I had a few choice words for him myself when I found out he’d done this to you,” said Olivia.
“You didn’t tell him about us, did you?”
“No.  I just told him I was angry that he’d done this to one our own.  I didn’t let on that there was anything between us,” said Olivia.  “I insisted on mounting a rescue operation, but Field refused.  He said Project Dreamer had to run its course in order to succeed.”
“Somehow I don’t think you took no for an answer.”
“Oh, I took the answer, then I crammed it down Field’s throat.  I told him I’d quit the Program if he didn’t give me access to a shuttle.”
“Nobody quits the Program,” said Ben.
“That’s exactly what Field said.  But he looked in my eyes and knew I was serious.  And here I am.”
“You always did know how to get what you want,” said Ben with a smile.  He sat back and reflected on his recent, twisted past.  “So, all of our defense plans – the ones I provided Axo – they’re not real.  And on top of that, do you have any idea how bad Axo messed with my mind?  I’m still having a hard time accepting reality.”
“When I infiltrated his ship, and I found you in the mind-link chamber, I viewed the files on a screen.  I saw all that had happened, in a kind of time-compressed replay.  I had to know what was going on before I tried to release you from the machine, because I didn’t want to do anything that might hurt you.  So, yes, I did see some of what Axo was doing to your head.  And then I understood why Axo had taken so long to implement his plans.  He couldn’t just rip the information from your mind, because of your training.  He had to coax it out of you through a complex deception with the mind-machine.  I’d say that the fact that it was difficult for Axo probably made the Program’s deception all the more convincing.”
“I have just one question: how can I know that this is really real?  I’ve just had my reality shattered multiple times.  It’s like waking up from a dream within a dream within a dream.  How do I know I’m really awake now, and not still having my mind messed with?”
“That may take some time.  When we get back, Field will have you debriefed, and then he’ll probably require you to undergo some counseling.  You’ve been through a lot.  But no matter what happens, I’ll be here for you.”
Ben reached over and put his hand on Olivia’s.  “Thank you.”  He thought for a moment, then said, “When we get back, I’m going to give Field a piece of my mind.  No pun intended.”
Ben considered all that had happened, and about all Olivia had risked to rescue him.
“And what about us?  What will happen now?” he asked.
“The Program is the Program, Ben.  Tomorrow just happens to be your retirement day.  As for me, I have no choice but to stick with our plan: in one year, when I retire, we’ll get married.  If you wait for me.”
Ben examined Olivia’s face.  His eyes came to rest on the scar over her left eye.  That beautiful scar – yet another anchor to his real life.  “Actually, I think we may have another option,” Ben said with a smile, gradually accepting that this was no longer a machine-induced dream.  The fact that she’d said they’d have to wait a year was realistic.  After all those too-good-to-be-true dreams that had been forced into his head by Axo, it felt good to see things more clearly, to see things as they really are.  He was finally emerging from the daze of the mind-machine.  As they approached Earth orbit, it all started to sink in.  “Somehow, waiting just doesn’t feel right now, considering you didn’t wait to save my life.”

#

Ben barged into Field’s office and stormed toward his desk.  He grabbed Field by the neck and lifted him out of his chair, shoving him against the wall.
“You were willing to throw me to the wolves!” he shouted into Field’s passive face.
Field didn’t even flinch.  “Ben, as an agent, you’re always willing to give your life for the Establishment.  We both know that.”
“When I consent to it, at the start of each mission!”
“You consented to it when you joined the Program.  You don’t renew your pledge with each mission.”
Field slowly reached up with his biomechanical arm, and gently but forcefully removed Ben’s hand from his neck, benefiting from the enhanced strength of his fake appendage.  Ben knew better than to resist – he didn’t need a broken wrist today. 
“Look Ben,” Field said, taking his seat again.  “It was not an easy decision for me.  The Echelon insisted I use my best agent.  You’re like a son to me, Ben.  It hurt me, but I had to do it.”
“My own father would never take away my right to choose.  I’d have gladly died for the Program.  But I was tricked into taking this mission.  I had no choice in it.”  Ben flopped down in the chair opposite Field.
“Your own father understood the Program, accepted the protocols, and wouldn’t have done a thing differently.  I should know.  I was his protégé.  He was there when I lost my limbs.  And neither of us has any regrets.”  
Ben scowled at Field.
“You couldn’t know what was going on, or it wouldn’t have worked,” Field continued.  “Now I’m not going to sit here and defend the decisions of the Establishment.  You have saved Earth, saved the Solar System, and even saved other systems from future assaults of Axo.  You will be retired with honor.  Isn’t tomorrow your retirement day?”
“Yes,” said Ben somberly.
“It’s just such a shame that Olivia won’t get an honorable retirement.  I wish we’d been able to recover her body, so we could have had a proper Program Threnody Ceremony.” 
“When she was killed on Axo’s ship, I wasn’t able to carry her body to the shuttle.  There was just no time.”
Field saw the look in Ben’s eye, and said, “It’s alright, Ben.  I understand.  You may be like a son to me, but that girl was like a daughter.  Her death will weigh even more heavily on me than the others we suffer each year in the Program.”
Ben leaned forward in his chair.  “You know, despite the manipulation, I’m glad I was able to serve the Program as I did on this final mission.  And I’m glad to have known you, Sir.”
“In a few hours, you’ll be a civilian,” Field said, breaking into a small, rarely seen smile.  “Call me John.”

#

The fire cracked and popped in the large fireplace of the great room of the rustic lodge in the Swiss Alps.  Ben stood beside the hearth, staring into the flames, feeling the warmth emanating from the burning logs.
A man in a suit entered quietly from a side door and gave him a terse nod.
“Are you ready?” he asked Ben.
“More than ready,” Ben said.
At that moment, a figure appeared at the top of the staircase that led down to the great room.  Slowly, methodically, the woman glided down the stairs like an angel descending from the heavens.  Her dress flowed behind her as she stepped up to Ben and took his hand.
“Olivia, you look . . . um,” he paused, and one side of his mouth curled upward as he burst into a short laugh, “I’m actually speechless!  I’d say ‘beautiful,’ but that just doesn’t even begin to cover it.”
“Thank you.  You look pretty hot yourself in that tuxedo,” said Olivia with a wink.
“Shall we begin?” asked the man in the suit.
“Absolutely,” they both said together.
Within minutes, they were married.  As they signed the legal papers, Olivia looked at Ben.
“It’s too bad Field couldn’t be here to see this,” she said.
“I know,” said Ben, “but if he didn’t think you were dead, there’d be no wedding to see.  You’d be spending one more year trying to stay alive in the Program, and I’d be going crazy worrying about you.”  He took her hand and started to lead her upstairs.  “I’m glad we did it this way.”
“I guess we got the last laugh on the Program, eh?”
“Actually,” said the man in the suit, removing his flesh-like mask, “you should know there’s nothing the Program doesn’t know.”
“Field?” the newlyweds said together, shock on their faces.
“Don’t worry,” Field smiled.  “Your secret’s safe with me.”


THE END


* * * * *


Initiate


Yet another dark back alley meeting. More swirling mists on a foggy San Francisco night. And once more, Corporal Nigel Halsted was being asked to do things that left him feeling uncomfortable. The shadowy figure that spoke to him did nothing to assuage his discomfort. Instead, the man was all cloaks and daggers, and pressure.
“Look, Halsted, I’m really giving you a break, here, you know. You got the additional training you did because you were top of your class at the SpaceForce Academy, and because certain – tests – we administered showed you were a perfect candidate for our group. This assignment is a real chance for you to show your mettle.”
Nigel wasn’t stupid. He knew this group he’d agreed to join was operating way below the radar, seemingly independent of any kind of SpaceForce oversight. That was the problem – the clandestine nature of the group was exhilarating, but at the same time, he had a hard time trusting them. 
They seemed to answer to no one, and Nigel was a firm believer in the chain of command. But if what they said was true – that they existed purely for the betterment of mankind – then perhaps their other mantra was also true: that some organizations must exist in secret, outside the bounds of standard authorities, in order to preserve the way of life that makes those authorities possible.
It seemed a convincing enough argument, in a kind of convoluted-rationalization sort of way. Even if he could swallow the circular reasoning justifying this group’s existence, Nigel still wasn’t sure that they trusted him.
“My mettle, eh? More like to prove my allegiance.”
“Halsted, this mission is critical. If we wanted to test your allegiance, we’d choose another way. I’ve handpicked you for this assignment because I believe you have what it takes to carry it out. Period.”
The man spoke in half whispers – probably out of habit. Nobody else was around, but as long as Nigel had known Hughes – which was about four years – the man had always come off as conspiratorial and suspicious of everyone. Years of covert ops must do that to a man. Either that, or he spoke that way merely to affect an air of danger.
Nigel considered for a moment, and decided this first adventure for the group would at least give him more insight into the furtive organization.
“Very well. When do you need me?”
“You’re a good man, Halsted. The assignment begins immediately. Take a look at these files.” 
Hughes handed Nigel a handheld Tactile Optical/Text Engine. He read the first few lines on the TOTE, then looked up.
“Skabrins? Interesting sounding name for a species,” Nigel said, staring at the text on the TOTE.
“Well, they look downright terrifying,” Hughes said. “Take a look at the images in the file.”
Nigel tapped the screen and a snarling brute appeared on the TOTE, his deep-set eyes aflame with fury beneath a ridged cranium and wild, scraggly black hair. His fu-manchu style facial hair and jagged teeth completed the portrait of a crazed thug.
“Ugh,” he said, screwing up his face. “Do they all look like that, or is this a particularly nasty one?”
“The Skabrins are a race of warriors. They’re aggressive, ruthless, and out to conquer. They glory in dying in combat. Well, you can read the reports for yourself.”
The reports were a highly classified set of files that another of Hughes’ operatives had stolen from the Passis intelligence agency, V’Shar. Another operative smuggled the data back to Earth, and other members of Hughes’ group – higher level members – analyzed the information. They decided that another mission was now in order.
“How am I supposed to get there – to the Skabrins? The Passiss are still holding up development of the Bowman-designed vessel. They’re saying it could be years before we’re allowed to begin a full-scale exploratory mission.”
The Passis were the first extra-terrestrial race encountered by humans, some forty years previously. Being a very logical and cautious species, the emotionless beings had taken it upon themselves to form a sort of patron-protégé relationship, overseeing Earth’s space program and ushering them into a growing collective of other planets as a sort of sponsor. However, the process was going much slower than many humans would have liked.
“Actually, we fully expect the Discovery – that’s what we’ve established it will be called – will launch that mission in six months. Everyone thinks the Passiss are in charge, but our group is pulling strings like you couldn’t begin to imagine. Anyway, you won’t be on an Earth vessel. You’re going to be riding with the Passiss.”
“The Passiss? And how am I going to pull that off? They don’t allow humans on their vessels.”
“You’ll be surgically altered – temporarily, of course – to look like one of them. We’ll mask your body odor – they’re very sensitive to humans – and give you an identity. The hardest part will be acting like one of them.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem. I’ll just remember not to crack any jokes.”

#

Nigel sat alone in a small, Spartan room aboard the M’Leth, a Passis cruiser. Since boarding, he’d only had to speak to two of the Passiss aboard the ship. He had done a good job – he betrayed none of the emotions of anxiety that he was keeping buried deep within. 
Now, in his quarters, he stared at a candle, meditating. He felt that immersing himself in the role helped him to really embrace the cover and solidify the authenticity required to fool everyone around him one hundred percent of the time. Anything less would mean failure, and he could not afford that. If he were discovered, not only would it compromise this mission, but it could do serious damage to human-Passis relations, setting back Earth’s space program indefinitely.
Nigel took one more deep, meditative breath, then closed his eyes for a moment, examining the after-image of the flame dancing with the phosphenes against the darkness of his eyelids. He reopened them and reached for the candle, slowly snuffing it between his forefinger and thumb. He rose unassisted from cross-legged to standing, and sat on the edge of his bunk. 
The Passis robes he wore were actually quite comfortable and the fabric breathed sufficiently, so he did not feel too warm, despite the slightly high temperature aboard the ship. He switched on his SpaceForce TOTE, which was disguised as a piece of Passiss technology, entered a security code, and once again reviewed the details of his assignment. By his calculations, this ship would be at the outskirts of Skabrin space in another three days, and he wanted to be sure he had memorized every last detail of the data before the next phase of the operation began.

#

The M’Leth docked at a trading post in a small asteroid field at the edge of Skabrin space. According to Nigel’s files, this was where a Passis ambassador aboard the ship was to meet with a certain Skabrin leader to discuss plans for a non-aggression treaty. Nigel had told Hughes that he thought such a treaty would be in everyone’s interest, given how hostile the Skabrins seemed to be. 
Hughes had told Nigel to leave the thinking to his superiors. 
Their view was that a pact between the Passiss and Skabrins could threaten Earth’s interests in the long term, particularly since the Passiss were making these arrangements without consulting their human allies, possibly weakening Earth’s position in the galaxy’s burgeoning alliances. Nigel tried not to question the group’s analysis, but something didn’t quite sit right. Nevertheless, he went forward with full intentions of completing his mission as assigned.
Hughes had supplied Nigel with a cutting-edge universal translation implant that resided deep in his ear canal and was not detectable by standard scanning devices. With it, he was able to clearly understand a shipwide announcement that informed all aboard the M’Leth that they were free to disembark, and that the vessel would remain docked for two hours, thirty-two minutes. 
Those Passiss and their precision.
Taking his cue, Nigel stashed his TOTE in the folds of his robe, put on a tan hooded cloak, and headed out of his quarters. He passed several Passiss serenely walking the ship’s corridors. Most didn’t even look at him, but a few offered him terse, expressionless nods, which he returned, stone-faced.
For once, I’m glad the Passiss are such a cheery lot, he thought. No need to try to make idle conversation and risk blowing my cover.
He quickly pushed the thought aside, remembering the importance of keeping his cover at the surface of his thoughts – because of the Passiss’ telepathic abilities. Hiding among them entailed more than just looking like them and speaking like them. He had to be like them, even on the inside, or risk exposure. It required intense concentration to keep his true identity buried.
He stepped through the airlock into a docking corridor, then through another doorway that led to a huge open area. The air was hot and dry – even hotter than aboard the M’Leth – and the lighting was dimmer than Nigel would have liked. The whole facility was built into the interior of a massive hollow asteroid. High above, in the rocky “roof” of the facility, large round portholes provided a view of the stars.
Nigel traversed a long catwalk from the docking area to the main platform, moving slowly and calmly. He was told he’d be approached by a Grodenite and given more information. He was also told what to expect when looking for his contact: a short, stocky, pig-like creature with a bad attitude. It wasn’t long before that description became manifest.
“You Verok?” said the gruff alien, approaching Nigel from behind.
Nigel turned fluidly and cast his gaze downward into a pair of dark, empty-looking eyes. “I am. Who asks?”
“Trunig. I will not repeat this: listen now. The mark will be in room one-four-seven on level C in thirty minutes. Use code three-three-alpha-three to enter through the back door. Good luck.”
The Grodenite moved off without another word or a backwards glance at Nigel, and quickly blended into the bustling crowd.
Nigel committed the information to memory, and headed for a public computer kiosk. He found one quickly, and commenced his information request.
“Interface, show me a schematic of this station.”
“Schematic displayed,” intoned the computer in a dull monotone.
Nigel studied the schematic, but did not ask the interface for directions to his destination. He had observed security cameras in this common area, and assumed some were trained on the computer kiosks – and he did not want security to be able to trace him later.
The computer timed out and said, “Please make another request.”
“No. That will be all, interface. Terminate.”
The computer screen blinked and went to standby mode, awaiting a request from another traveler seeking information. Nigel turned and made his way through the crowd to a lift that would take him to level C. Once there, he found his way to a service corridor that led to a series of doors that were back entrances to conference rooms, used by the automated janitorial “staff.” 
He found the door he needed, and keyed in the access code. He entered the empty room, and sat at the near end of the conference table. The meeting would be taking place here in the next five minutes. He placed his TOTE on the table, and configured it to scan for biosigns. He wanted to know when the others were approaching. 
The minutes passed in complete silence, save the sound of his own breathing. Then a light blinked on Nigel’s TOTE, followed by another three blinking lights. Three individuals were coming, two Passis and one Skabrin.
Nigel pulled a component from his robes and one from each shoe, and quickly pieced them together. He removed the power supply from his TOTE and inserted it into a slot in the weapon he had assembled. He moved to the door, and stood beside it, flat against the wall.
As the Passiss entered, he stunned them with his weapon and turned on the Skabrin. But before he could fire, the Skabrin dashed the weapon from Nigel’s hand and assumed a fighting stance. Nigel dropped his outer cloak to the floor to afford him some freedom of movement, and backed up a step.
The Skabrin drew a wicked-looking hand blade from the back of his belt, and lunged at Nigel with all the ferocity of a mad dog. Nigel, who was skilled in nine forms of martial arts, easily sidestepped the attack, and used the Skabrin’s momentum to send him careening headfirst into the wall. Nigel heard a cracking sound as the Skabrin hit the composite material, and assumed the giant had split his head open. 
But the Skabrin shook his shaggy mane as he stood, then let out a deep, barrel-chested laugh that turned into a snarl. He stepped away from the wall, revealing that it was the wall that had suffered all the damage.
Nigel’s eyes widened a little, but he quickly regained his focus and prepared for the next attack. It was difficult to gauge what level of force to use against his opponent, because although the Skabrin was much stronger and more durable, Nigel didn’t want to hurt him too badly. His objective was to abduct him, not maim him. With this in mind, Nigel faked left, then dove right to retrieve his energy weapon. He grasped it from the floor and rolled into a sitting position, firing directly into the Skabrin’s chest. The Skabrin was repulsed for a moment, but then kept coming. Nigel had to fire four more shots into the enormous alien before finally knocking him unconscious. 
Unfortunately, the Skabrin fell directly onto Nigel, pinning him to the floor. Panting, Nigel wriggled out halfway from under the Skabrin, then managed to push the hefty body off of him and get up. He glanced over at the two Passiss, who remained still in the positions in which they had fallen. 
Nigel dismantled his weapon and returned the power module to his TOTE. He tapped in some commands, sending a microspace signal. Within minutes, the next phase of his mission would begin. While he waited, he dragged the Passiss to one wall of the room, and covered them with his unfolded cloak.
Soon after, the door opened and three Deltazoid mercenaries entered to collect the Skabrin. As they reached down to hoist the Skabrin, one looked sharply at Nigel.
“You weren’t supposed to kill him!” he said.
Nigel closed his eyes and gulped. “Oh, crap.”

#

Nigel huddled in a black plastic booth at the back of one of the space station’s busy restaurants. He nervously fiddled with his TOTE, then finally opened up an encrypted text-only channel to Hughes.
“There’s a problem. The mark is dead.”
After six excruciating minutes, Hughes finally responded.
“Explain.”
Nigel reported in as few words as possible.
“Accident. Deltazoids fled. Room with two unconscious Passiss beside a dead Skabrin.”
More minutes passed.
“Excellent. Arrange the bodies to implicate the Passiss. Record images of the scene and transmit to me. End communication.”
The TOTE display went to black.
I’ve totally botched the job, and he calls it “excellent”? Nigel thought. Something is just not right here. 
Then it hit him. I’ve been used!
Nigel pulled out the components of his energy weapon and laid them on the table. He configured his TOTE to scan the objects. Sure enough, a small processor resided inside the trigger part of the mechanism. Further study revealed that the processor contained a simple program. It was designed to deliver a deadly discharge on the fifth shot. Knowing the stun would be ineffective, his employers had anticipated his need to fire multiple shots at the Skabrin. And, exactly as they had planned, the fifth shot was fatal. The Skabrin who Nigel thought he was sent to abduct was now dead. 
Nigel was fuming.
He made a point of slowly gathering his items from the table, to give him time to regain his internal composure. Despite the rage within, it was crucial that he suppress it and maintain his cover. As he left the restaurant, he mulled his options, but soon realized that he had no viable ones except to do as he was told. 
Part of him wanted to just ditch the mess and let his employers deal with it, since it was really of their making, and he begrudged having to complete the task that they wanted of him, since he loathed being manipulated. But he knew better – if he didn’t finish the job, his employers would cease all support and disavow knowledge of his actions – essentially leave him hanging out to dry. He would lose his commission with the SpaceForce before even getting off the ground, and most likely end up being tried for the murder of the Skabrin. He shuddered to think what the Skabrin justice system must look like.
So, with no real alternatives available, Nigel returned to the scene of the crime and carried out his morbid orders, shuffling bodies around like a theatre director, trying to create an illusion of the conference room’s recent history. The Skabrin was already starting to stink – well, stink more than he had when he was alive – and the Passiss were sure to regain consciousness within an hour, so Nigel moved quickly. It was exhausting work lugging all that dead weight around. Once he was satisfied with their positions, he used his TOTE to record images from several angles, then left the room, and left the space station.
He made it back to the M’Leth with only three minutes to spare before departure. Once in the privacy of his quarters, he removed his cloak and robes, and sprawled out on his bed to cool off and get some rest. Within minutes he was asleep.

#

Nigel was awakened by a rhythmic vibration deep inside his left ear. He realized it was Hughes trying to contact him via the translator device. 
He sat up with a groan – not enough sleep and too much of a workout the day before. He flicked on his TOTE and opened the encrypted text channel.
“What do you want?”
Minutes passed, and Hughes replied. “Status report.”
“I did what you wanted.”
The delay continued between each transmission.
“Then transmit the images. The Passiss and the Skabrins are already beginning their investigations.”
“Not yet. I want assurances.”
“This is no time for jokes. Transmit the images, now.”
“You’ll get nothing until I am on a transport back to Earth.”
This time, the delay lasted nearly twenty minutes.
“It’s been arranged. When you arrive at Passis, board the Reyv’al immediately. It will bring you home. Maintain cover at all times. End communication.”
Nigel sat back and sighed. As it was, he was beginning to dislike being a secret agent. But being a free agent was even less savory, because he didn’t have much to bargain with. He was going to be glad when this was all over.

#

Back on Earth, Nigel was surprised to find his next meeting with Hughes was not in a back alley in the dead of night, for a change. Instead, Nigel stood alone in a high-speed elevator on his way to the thirty-first floor of the New Fairmont Hotel. 
The air smelled faintly of a mixture of French perfumes and new carpet, lingering as a reminder of the wealthy guests that had last ridden the elevator and the fact that this luxury hotel was less than two months old. 
The delightful perfume was alluring – Nigel felt he could really enjoy a life of luxury. On the other hand, the smell of new carpet reminded him that he, too, was new – new to success, new to associating with people of power, new to any kind of affluence. It evoked memories of helping his blue-collar uncle install floor coverings as a teenager back home in England. His upbringing left him torn between a quiet resentment for the rich, and an even quieter, yet stronger aspiration to become one of them himself.
A pleasant chime indicated the elevator’s arrival at the appointed floor, and Nigel stepped out as the doors parted. A very large, bald Asian man in a dark business suit ushered Nigel to an empty, dimly-lit conference room and shut the door, leaving Nigel alone to stare out the floor-to-ceiling window at the lights of the city.
“Spectacular view, isn’t it?” said a voice from behind Nigel. He’d not even heard Hughes enter the room.
“It is, said Nigel. “Why am I here to enjoy it?”
“Straight to business it is, then,” said Hughes, taking a seat at the head of the conference table – a long oval with a black, shiny top polished to perfection. 
Nigel sat at the opposite end in one of the cushy, high-backed chairs. “Yes. Why am I here?”
“Well, Halsted, I think you know at least part of the answer to that question. You broke protocol on the Skabrin mission. You disobeyed orders.”
“And you used me!” Nigel said, glaring. “You lied to me and manipulated me into doing your dirty work. I don’t appreciate that.”
“All the work is dirty, Halsted. That’s why it takes special people like us to do it. You had a mission. That’s all that mattered.”
“You sent me off to assassinate someone! That matters!” said Nigel.
“We sent you to effect a certain change in the negotiations between the Passiss and a hostile entity. The accidental death of the Skabrin achieved that end.”
“It was no accident!” Nigel yelled.
“You won’t be doing yourself any favors by broadcasting that point of view, Halsted,” Hughes said calmly. “In two hundred years, nobody will care whether Corporal Nigel Halsted killed some obscure Skabrin diplomat on a remote asteroid on purpose or by accident, or whether he sat down and played a chess game with him. All that will matter is that the people of earth, and future generations, are safer as a result of our action.”
“So, you can see the future, eh?”
“We’ve been doing this for a very, very long time, Halsted. And our analysts have a remarkable ability to predict outcomes. If that weren’t true, you wouldn’t be sitting in this room today, now would you?”
Nigel seethed in silence. His head bowed slightly, he looked out at Hughes from under his knotted brow, feeling more and more like a pawn. “So, what has been the ‘outcome’ of my mission?”
“It’s still early in the game, but it appears the Passiss have lost the trust of the Skabrin faction they were negotiating with. There’s every indication that the non-aggression treaty will be a non-starter. Skabrins don’t quickly forget what they consider foul play. Meanwhile, there are indications that the Passiss will turn their efforts to adding a human presence to the playing field – bring us on as more of a partner, and begin to shore up support from some of their other allies. We’ll be introduced to those allies as an equal partner, instead of some pet project of the Passiss.”
“All this because I killed that Skabrin?”
“Of course not, Halsted. There were several other components in play. Your part was key, but it was not the only ingredient. That’s all I can tell you.”
While Nigel stewed, Hughes sat back and studied the young SpaceForce officer. “Your disobedience aside, I want to personally congratulate you on a job well done, Halsted. You performed strongly in a difficult situation. I believe our faith in you was well-placed.”
Nigel looked up at Hughes and pushed his chin out. “Well, I believe my faith in you and your organization was poorly placed. This will be my last assignment – I’m out.”
Hughes said nothing. Instead, he stood and strolled to the picture window. Nigel could see Hughes’ reflection as he gazed out over the city. He spoke without turning to face Nigel. 
“You may take a sabbatical – to think things over – but nobody simply leaves our organization. This is not a country club, Halsted. Your allegiance to us is non-negotiable. And your confidence is expected – you will never speak of us, or of any of your experiences with us. As far as you’re concerned, you’ve never heard of the Skabrins, never been to Passis, never met me. Understood?”
From what Nigel knew of this group, they had no need to back up their demands with explicit threats. He was certain that if he stepped out of line, he would quietly disappear. He was just glad to be offered this “sabbatical” as a temporary way out. How temporary was yet to be seen.
“Understood.”
Hughes remained facing the window, and Nigel stood up to leave the room.
“And Halsted,” Hughes said, causing Nigel to pause in mid-step, “we’ll be keeping an eye on you. You can expect some changes in your life in the next few months, including a promotion. And I wouldn’t be surprised if you wound up serving aboard the Discovery under Captain Weatherly.”
“I don’t want your charity. I want to know that I’ve earned my promotions by myself, thank you very much.”
“Well, you never will know, Halsted. And never forget that you’re one of us. Never.”
Nigel’s eyes bored into the back of Hughes’ head. He felt like he could rush the man and shove him right through the huge window. Instead, he exhaled slowly, left the room, and wondered if he would ever be free of this group again.


THE END


* * * * *



Edge of Human


The seemingly imaginary glow of false dawn teased Raife Crenshaw’s eyes as he used his digi-lenses to spy out the last known location of his prey. 
Today had to be the day. 
If he could not bring him in – alive – his employers would evoke a new paradigm and require termination of the subject.
And he preferred not to go there.
Not that killing this beast of a man would be a hardship. It’s just that a live capture was worth ten times as much, and Raife hated to waste the opportunity to sock away that kind of money. 
Heck, he could retire on that much gold.
Why they wanted the one they simply called Cain to be brought back alive was a mystery. This abomination was a test tube baby genetically spliced together from the DNA of the twentieth century’s most vile mass murderers, and was thoroughly irredeemable.
His “fathers” had harvested DNA from Mao Zedong with his seventy million murders. Joseph Stalin and his twenty million. Adolph Hitler – fourteen million. Saddam Hussein and Slobodan Milosevic, among others. The blood of over a hundred million people on the hands of the genes of Cain.  
Word was the government had created this monster as a eugenics experiment, an attempt to harness the power of those genes without the evil. They said these men had a genetic predisposition to charismatic leadership, with powerful strategic and tactical thinking ability and remarkably strong will. Properly harnessed, these attributes could be used to develop a man who could bring peace and prosperity to the world.
The timeless “nature or nurture” debate had had its pendulum swing clearly to the camp of “nurture” for a decade, and the experts all agreed that given the right building blocks and the ideal developmental environment, a superleader could be brought into existence to cure the world’s ills and unite the people.
Idiots.
As usual when men try to tamper with nature, it went disastrously wrong. This guy was pure evil from day one. No matter what they tried, no matter how many therapists they brought in, the little horror just got worse and worse, until one day, at age seventeen, he slit the throats of two nurses and escaped from the compound he was raised in.
Since that time seven years ago, Cain had been directly linked to over two hundred individual murders, and the rise of a cult of bloodthirsty followers who killed at his command – a trail of bodies nearly two thousand citizens long. 
And the man was a genius – untouchable, untraceable, a devil to try to pin down.
He’d surrounded himself with layers of protection.
But this December day, in the cold air of a clear morning in the Utah high desert, Raife felt that little butterfly in his stomach that he always got when he was very close to success on a job.
He could almost taste it.
Down below the foothills, in a compound at the edge of the small town of Ferron, Cain was moving around – checking his supplies and organizing his teams for – whatever it was he was planning next.
Raife watched Cain’s heat signature through his telescopic infrared night vision contact lenses, making his own plans. No matter how hyper-intelligent Cain was, he was still human, and therefore subject to mistakes. And Raife only needed him to make one.
And he’d be there for it.
Trouble was, it had to be today.
So Raife considered his options and formulated a Plan A. He’d worry about Plan B later.
Moving silently and stealthily, like a panther stalking prey, he moved down the hill – tree to tree to tree – always staying out of sight.
He eventually reached the bottom of the hill as the world started to become plainly visible in the frosty dawn. He stepped out into the small clearing in front of the chain link gates topped with razor wire and strolled forward nonchalantly.
Raife wore a full, bushy brown beard, ratty baseball cap over a thick swath of hair, and a large framepack on his back. His jeans were stained and his hiking boots were worn.
One of the two guards at the gate pointed his weapon at Raife and said, “Stop! What’s your business here?”
Raife chuckled. “Business? Heh, do I look like a business man to you, brother?”
“State your business or die.”
“Whoa, dude! Chill. I’m just passing through. I’m a long-distance hiker. Working my way up from Mexico to Canada, actually. Just dust on the wind, my man. Say, what is this place, anyway?”
“Never you mind. Just move along.”
“Love to, man. Thing is, how do I get around? I mean, this place looks pretty big. Which way should I go?”
“Back the way you came.”
“You gotta be kidding me.” Raife pointed directly at the compound. “I’m headed that way, man. Just tell me what’s the fastest way around your little secret special place – left or right?”
As he spoke, Raife swaggered casually toward the guard. He was glad to see that the guard’s weapon was muzzled with a silencer. That would help things.
When he was about ten feet away from the guard, he bent down and tied the boot laces of his right boot. Then he stood and reached into his jeans pocket, pulling out a mushy-looking granola bar. He took a bite. With mouth full, he extended his hand and said, “Want some?”
The guard cocked his weapon. “Turn around and go back the way you came. This is your final warn –”
Raife tossed the granola bar over the guard’s head and sprung at him with incredible speed, wrenching the weapon from his grip, placing it over the guard’s head and twisting with a sharp snap to break his neck.
With the guard limply in front of him, still using the weapon to hold him up by the neck, he pointed the gun at the other guard and placed one silent shot between the eyes.
It all happened in less than three seconds, before the other guard could do much more than turn to face the assault on his partner.
Raife dropped his human shield and dragged both men to a nearby shrub, where he pulled off the fake beard he’d been wearing and changed into the larger guard’s clothing.
He then opened his pack and pulled out a device the approximate size and shape of a can of spray paint. He touched a button on the side and the end lit up. Then he held it above the dead guard’s face and waved it slowly back and forth, scanning the features with a grid-lined beam of light. He then entered another command, waited ten seconds, and turned the device on himself. He pressed the end of the unit to his neck and it hissed briefly as it forced a stream of nanotech (along with a dose of painkiller) through his skin.
The painkiller was to help him control his reaction to what happened next.
First, the skin on his face suddenly became slimy and malleable. Next, his bone structure seemed to collapse momentarily, then reform in a new shape. The skin tone changed and the details of his face morphed. After about a minute of this flux, his face finally solidified into an exact replica of the dead guard.
Raife opened and closed his mouth, stretching out his flesh, and rubbed at his new cheeks, blinking hard. He slid open a small window in the device to reveal a little mirror.
Yep, it worked like a charm.
The disguise should last about thirty minutes before his immune system rejected the nanotech and returned him to his normal appearance. That would be just enough time to get in and do what needed to be done.
Raife dragged the other guard’s body back to the gates and used the guard’s electronic ID badge to unlock it, then slipped in with the body and closed the gate behind him. He propped the guard against a nearby shack, sitting up with his arms across his knees and his head hanging down.
Raife kept alert as he strolled toward the center of the complex, ready to either play the part that matched his face, or take out anyone who wasn’t buying the charade.
He turned a corner, and found himself face to face with his mark – the beast known as Cain.
“Humphreys, where’s Unger? You know you’re never supposed to be alone. The buddy system, remember?”
Before Raife could react, six armed body guards appeared right behind Cain. He quickly assessed the situation and decided he needed to play this game out.
“Yes, Sir. I apologize for breaking protocol. But you insisted we not break radio silence today, and I needed to report something.”
“Well?”
“It’s Unger, Sir. He was fine one minute, then he doubled over, moaned, and fell down. I don’t know what happened.”
“Is he dead?”
“I dunno. I don’t think he was breathing – I felt it best to report in.”
“Very well. Tell Dr. Schatz that Unger is sick – maybe dead – and grab Miller to replace Unger, then return to your station. I shouldn’t have to remind you that today is not a day for calling in sick or breaking protocol. Today is the day we make our boldest move, and claim what is ours. We can have no mistakes. Now, move.”
Raife nodded and said, “Yessir,” then moved on past Cain. 
He needed to find a way to neutralize the six-pack of body guards and extract Cain alive. He hated to use the nanotech disguise twice in one day – it was very rough on the system – but he realized he’d likely have to replace whichever of those six guards was Cain’s closest man.
He ducked behind another building and replayed the visual record he’d made of the encounter with Cain using his contact-lens digital recorder. He merely closed his eyes and watched it all again, taking careful note of the details.
From what Raife could tell, the guy on Cain’s immediate left, about thirty years old, built like a steamroller with nearly white blonde hair cut into a flat-top, was the one he’d need to duplicate and replace.
Replaying his earlier night-vision surveillance, Raife traced the muscleman’s movements back to his quarters, then found his way to that location and laid in wait for him.
He’d bought himself some time with the story about Unger, as Cain and company would assume the doctor was on it and not investigate themselves.
Raife switched his lenses to infrared once again, so he could see through the walls if anyone was coming.
It was only a few minutes later that Flat Top approached and entered. Raife quickly garroted him and used his disguise technology to “become” Cain’s right hand man. He checked the guy’s ID and learned his name was Gary Trainer.
Raife used an electron blade to cleanly slice off Trainer’s right thumb. He then used that thumb to gain security access to Trainer’s laptop and dig through the files for anything that could help him with this mission.
 He learned that Cain was mounting a coordinated assault today, staged from nine hidden compounds across the country. Each was designed like this one – about an acre of mostly-empty buildings above ground, and ten acres of below-ground facilities reaching eight stories down.
The surface region, which sat atop a lead-shielded ground covering, was mostly used as a decoy to mask what was really going on in the vast subterranean complex.
And what was going on was the makings of a bloody revolution.
Cain had managed to develop a biological weapon and a means of delivery. 
From what Raife could gather from Trainer’s computer files, Cain was planning to strike today. He’d target twenty-eight major U.S. cities, twelve military bases, and eight aircraft carriers with a compound that would kill every living thing in less than six hours, then become inert after an additional eighteen hours.
Within a day, Cain would control the country and begin remaking it to mirror his own maniacal ideals.
With this knowledge, the concept of bringing him in alive seemed less appealing than ever, but Raife had to keep his eyes on the prize – the enormous treasure he’d accrue for delivering Cain intact.
With this in mind, Raife left Trainer’s quarters and headed down into the bowels of the facility. He carried Trainer’s thumb, which allowed him access to the most critical areas. He made his way to the main control center, where the weapons deployment infrastructure was housed.
He silently killed three guards and two scientists on duty in the facility, then accessed the computer using Trainer’s bioscan and codes he’d gleaned from Trainer’s laptop.
He made some alterations to the planned strike, destroyed the computers with a barrage of silenced weapons fire, then exited quickly and arrived at Cain’s offices just as the man himself was preparing to head to the control center.
“Sir,” said Raife, “we need to talk. Privately.”
Cain eyed Raife carefully. He looked suspicious – but then he probably always looked that way. “Very well. But make it quick – we have a schedule to keep.”
Raife walked Cain down a corridor and around a corner to a small alcove that led to a storage room. “Sir, you have been betrayed. Either one of our own men, or someone has allowed a breach – an intruder – to sabotage our efforts.”
“Explain.”
“I just came from the control center. Our men are dead. And the computer has been damaged beyond repair. Before it was destroyed, someone reprogrammed the missiles. Forty-seven of them are set to launch into space and detonate outside the atmosphere. The other one is headed directly here.”
“What? How can this have happened?” Cain was enraged, and he grabbed Raife by the neck, shoving him up against the wall with surprising strength. “What are you going to do about this, Mr. Trainer?”
“My top deputies, who were in charge of security at the control center – I have executed them for their failure,” said Raife, struggling to breathe in the grip of this madman. “I suggest I get you to safety – we can travel east – I know a place we can regroup that is outside the effective radius of the bioagent. But we must leave now.”
Cain was fuming, his face flushed as he took great heaving breaths. He let go of Raife and said, “Fine. Get me out of here, then.”
Raife hurried through the compound, weapon at the ready, making sure Cain was keeping up. Truth was, the only hurry was making sure they got out of there before anyone discovered his dirty work at the control center, or the dead guards at the south gate – because there was no missile on its way – Raife had sent all forty eight into space.
Nothing like getting your mark to willingly go with you – much easier than dragging them kicking and screaming, or knocking them out and carrying them through a fire fight.
They passed another guard at the east gate.
“Sir, what’s wrong, what’s happening?” the man asked as Raife and Cain ran past.
“Nothing,” called Cain. “I have business outside the gate. You go to the control center and make sure it’s locked down. Everyone stays here until Trainer and I get back.”
He was sacrificing his whole army.
Or so he thought.
Once they were outside the compound and over the first hill, the trees got thicker and they started to slow down to a brisk walk.
Raife could feel his face starting to change – the extra exertion speeding the reversion process.
It was time to make his move.
He turned to Cain.
Cain saw Raife’s face in flux and his eyes widened. “What the?”
“It’s over, Cain.” Raife took up a fighting stance, ready for the megalomaniac to attack. “I’m taking you in.”
“Very well.”
Raife was surprised at his compliant nature, but did not lower his guard. “What?”
“I said, very well. I’ll come without a fight. As you know, my intelligence is off the charts. I know better than to try to fight a well-trained agent such as yourself. Why get any more bruises than necessary?”
Cain held out hands, wrists together.
Something didn’t feel right, but Raife didn’t want to look a gift horse in the mouth. The sooner Cain was in cuffs, the better. He could figure out his angle later.
Raife slapped a pair of titanium mag-cuffs on Cain. The cuffs had built-in GPS locator technology, so Cain could run but he couldn’t hide.
They walked east for about two miles in silence, then Cain said, “So, what are they paying you?”
“Let me guess, you’ll double it?”
“If that’s what you want. But money is so quaint. I can offer you power and resources beyond anything money could buy.”
Raife wasn’t interested in taking anything from this slimeball, but just in case he revealed any useful intel, he said, “Keep talking.”
“Well, I understand you have wasted my stockpile of HXC bioweapon. And I am somewhat – disturbed – by that. However, no great endeavor was ever achieved without setbacks along the way, and I have more backup plans than the president has girlfriends. If you join me, I will guarantee you a high station in my coming global administration. I’ll give you a few countries with which you can do as you please.” 
“That’s great, but how are you going to rise to power with all your weapons destroyed? What kind of backup plan are we talking about?”
Cain smiled. “Gathering a little intel, are we? They paying you extra for that?”
“You expect me to hop onboard with you, without any concrete details of how you’ll bounce back from this? Today was your big day, Cain. You’d been working toward this for years. How many more years would it be before I started to see some payoff for letting you go free?”
“A reasonable question. Let’s just say I know better than to put all my eggs in one basket.”
“Are you saying the bioweapons were a decoy?”
“Perhaps you are sharp enough to join my team.”
“So, right now, you’ve got your second-in-command off somewhere, waiting for you to take charge again and resume your plans?”
“My deputy, Ryan Gainsboro, is a remarkable and brilliant man. He doesn’t need me to hold his hand.”
“Ryan Gainsboro? The famous nanoscientist?”
“Yes, that Ryan Gainsboro.”
Raife led Cain across a shallow stream and up the other bank as the sun shot through a canyon in the mountains to the east. “Well that’s ironic. He invented the very tool I used to capture you. This facial nano-disguise was his big breakthrough before he disappeared. I had no idea he’d joined your cause.”
Cain chuckled to himself. “There is much you don’t know.”
Raife felt the air warming up slightly in the morning sun. All around, a thin veil of fog that hovered just above ground level was beginning to dissipate.
He looked back at Cain. “Why?”
“Why what?”
“Why are you so bent on world domination?”
“Why not? I was created for a purpose – to rule. I will bring order to the chaos of this world. I will guide the human race with my superior intellect. I am power. It is my destiny.”
“Well, I just don’t understand the attraction to power. Give me a nice quiet island all to myself, maybe a good woman. But lording it over people? That’s just not for me.”
“Very well. An island it is. Or how about a whole archipelago? Would that do for you?”
“Yeah, that’d be great.”
“I will make it happen.”
“Yes, but at too big an expense. You would murder millions of innocents to get your way. That’s not my style. It’s not worth it to me. I’ll make my own way, thanks very much.”
“Very well.”
Raife turned around and looked at Cain.
And he drew in a sharp breath.
Cain’s face was mutating. Morphing. Changing into something else.
Into another man’s face.
Into Ryan Gainsboro.
Gainsboro saw the look on Raife’s face and began to laugh hysterically.
Raife jumped on the nano-scientist and pinned him to the grassy ground with a vice-grip around his neck. “Where is he? Where’s Cain?”
Gainsboro continued to laugh and choke at the same time.
Raife yelled at him some more, but soon realized it was useless.
He’d been fooled by his own tactic.
And this servant of Cain was surely too loyal to break. The fact that he’d taken this assignment proved he was willing to die for his leader.
Raife released Gainsboro’s neck, and slugged him hard across the jaw, knocking him unconscious. Then he looked back toward Cain’s compound in the valley below.
He switched his lenses to telescopic and magnified the view as several large doors opened in the dusty ground of the complex.
Missile silos.
Was it possible he’d been played all along – that the control center had also been a decoy?
As the tips of the missiles rose out of the ground, Raife couldn’t believe he’d been so wrong about this mission.
He’d been warned about Cain, but was confident he could handle him.
But he’d underestimated this man.
And he only had minutes left to determine what Plan B would be.
Given that he was over a mile from the compound, returning to make an overt assault and neutralize Cain was now an impossibility.
There would be no more hope of taking the monster alive.
Which meant no Plan B.
Raife assessed the grid of missiles and quickly calculated there were forty-eight.
All the eggs were in one basket.
He tapped his ear bud and contacted his employers. “I’ve failed. Initiate the option.”
The option.
His employers would target the beacon Raife had left behind inside Cain’s lair.
And deliver a five megaton nuke from a satellite that was keeping geosynchronous orbit over Raife’s position.
Such a blast would decimate the launch pads of the missiles and destroy the compound, as well as lay waste to the land for a great distance in all directions.
Certainly more than a mile.
Today was the day, indeed.
Raife closed his eyes and waited for the bomb to drop.



THE END


* * * * *


Royal Flush


Without hesitation, Gary Shamus stepped right past the yellow sign on the floor that pictographically warned of a surface that was slippery when wet, and squeezed past the janitorial cart into the Los Angeles Interplanetary Port’s men’s room. His nose was assaulted by an ongoing battle between ammonia and diarrhea. 
This wasn’t what he’d expected for his final assignment, but then, each one was always different.
A maintenance worker finished wiping down the wide mirror. He wore a brown uniform with a tan apron, shirt sleeves rolled up to reveal tattoo sleeves, and a dirty blue baseball cap concealing a bun of black hair. He stuck his rag into his apron pocket and turned to Gary, speaking out of a shaggy goatee in a deep voice that reverberated off the stained tile walls.
“Sorry, Sir, this restroom is closed right now.”
Gary reached into the jacket pocket of his sharp blue business suit and pulled out a shiny black card with gold lettering that glowed and changed shape as the device transmitted a coded message to the other man’s cybernetic optical implants. “Not for me.”
The maintenance worker took a moment to process the encrypted data stream, then his mouth formed a sly smile. “Ah, welcome, Sir. You have come to the right place. My name is Bench. I’ll begin immediately. Sit tight.”
The worker opened what appeared to be a janitorial closet and stepped inside, pulling the door behind him.
Gary was left alone in the smelly room with the hum of the fluorescent lighting overhead and the slow dripping sound of the lavatory. Above him, the lights flickered; Gary looked up to see that about a third of the rods were dimmer than the rest, probably near the end of their life span. He was surprised that a state-of-the-art spaceport like LAX still used the old-fashioned lighting.
Feeling the urge, he stepped to one of the urinals and started to place his shiny black valise on the floor – but the grime beside the stall caused him to pull up short and instead tuck the bag under his arm. It was beyond him how so many men could miss the urinal by that much distance after practicing their whole lives. He found such obvious carelessness distasteful.
As he unzipped and awaited the feeling of bladder relief, another man entered the restroom and pulled up alongside Gary. Gary heard the other man’s fly unzip, listened to him breathe out a heavy sigh. In his peripheral vision, he noticed him shrug his shoulders and roll his neck, then sniff sharply and clear his throat.
“First time in LAX?” asked the man, after spitting into the urinal.
“Nah, I fly through here a couple times a year on the Mach 15 Express,” said Gary. “You?”
“Argh,” the man grunted. “I see this stinkin’ place more than I see my home, it seems.”
Gary shook off, put it away, and stepped back from the urinal, which promptly autoflushed with the quiet rush of a miniature waterfall. “I know what you mean,” he said, adjusting himself and striding leisurely to the sinks. “I’ve been on the road quite a lot these last few years – that’s just the way it is in my line of work. Well, the way it was. I’m retiring.”
“From?”
“I’m a chemical engineer.”
““You’re kidding?” said the man, stepping over to the sinks alongside Gary and washing his hands. “So’m I - I’m with P3L, based in Silicon Valley. Name’s Harv Jeppsen.”
The man dried his hands under the UV emitter mounted on the wall and offered his relatively clean hand to Gary.
“Gary Shamus.”

#

Bench emerged from the narrow spiral staircase and prowled the bowels of the spaceport, headed to the temporary operations center that had been put in place by his employer.
He reached a steel door covered in green paint, marked Authorized Personnel Only in a black stencil at eye level. He keyed the entry panel with his own little black credit card, and heard the bolt slide. He entered, clicked the door shut behind him.
Inside, he got to work booting up the system. This should only take a few minutes.

#

“Weird that you travel a lot,” said Jeppsen. “I never travel much for my job. I live in San Jose, and I fly through LAX all the time to visit my son. My ex gets him during the week, and I fly here on weekends to stay with him at my place in Redondo Beach.”
“Well, I’m an engineer as well as an executive, so I wear two hats at my firm. Keeps me busy and takes me away from home a lot,” said Gary. “But not for much longer – I’m calling it quits.”
“Well, good luck on your trip. And good luck in your retirement – the chemical business has become so dog-eat-dog lately – so competitive – it’s not fun anymore.”
Jeppsen turned to leave but stopped dead before reaching the privacy corner leading out.
“Oh my . . . ugh,” he said, wincing and covering his nose and mouth with the crook of his arm. He staggered back and waved his hand in front of his face as his eyes started to well up with tears.
A deep voice came over the PA system in the rest room. “Is there anybody in there, in the men’s room?”
“Yes, two of us!” called Gary, looking up at the tiny speaker in the ceiling.
Somehow, the person speaking through the PA heard the reply and continued, “Two of you? Okay. Please do not attempt to leave the men’s room! There has been a chemical spill – the janitor’s cart was tipped over and a large volume of cleaning agent has poured across the entrance to the bathrooms. Some chemicals were mixed, and harmful vapors created. Do not breathe the fumes. A hazmat team is on the way. We’ll let you know as soon as it’s safe. Hang tight.”
“Ah, great!” sighed Jeppsen. “They better hurry up or I’m gonna miss my connection.”

#

Bench removed the microphone headset from his head as someone knocked the door urgently. A muffled voice came through the door between volleys of pounding.
“Open up! What are you doing in there? This is LAX Security. This is a restricted area!”
Bench slipped on a gas mask and pulled a pair of copper tubes out of the ceiling. Near-invisible vapors poured from the end of the tubes. He stuck the tubes on the floor at the door, forcing the vapors under the threshold.
He heard the security personnel start coughing, then run down the corridor away from the room.
“That oughtta keep ‘em at bay for a little while.”

#

Gary went back over to the wash basins and splashed some cold water on his face, looking into his own pale blue eyes as he spoke to Jeppsen. “Well, you know chemicals as well as I do – and I’d say, based on that smell, that we have some dangerous stuff on our hands. The wrong mixture of these new cleaning agents can be so corrosive it eats your flesh clear to the bone. It may be a while before we’re clear to leave.”
Jeppsen wiped his open palm from top to bottom of his unshaven jowels in exasperation, then began to pace around the enclosed space of the rest room. “You’re right, you’re right. The new solvents are harsh – a guy at my company had his whole arm eaten off last month. Friend of mine saw it happen.”
The PA crackled to life again. “Gentlemen, the hazmat crew has arrived. They’ve assessed the situation and I’m told it will be a half hour or so before it’s safe for you to leave the rest room.”
“Might as well get comfortable,” said Gary, heading for a toilet stall and sitting on a toilet fully clothed.
Jeppsen mumbled some profanities under his breath and strode into the adjacent stall, lowering his mildly overweight body heavily onto the hard toilet seat. “This is not good. This is not good at all,” he said. 
“In a hurry?” asked Gary through the dividing wall of the cubicle.
“You could say that,” said Jeppsen. “My employer doesn’t like to be kept waiting, and I have an important delivery to make.”
“Delivery?”
Jeppsen didn’t respond immediately. “I uh – my boss only trusts the engineers to carry the compound formulas for our experimental stuff. Since I was heading this way, he asked me to handle it. We’ve used couriers in the past, and we’ve fallen prey to espionage. And electronic transmission can never be secure enough. You know how it is – trade secrets and all that. Well, this one,” he said, patting the handheld computer in his breast pocket, “is really something else. We’ve finally made a major breakthrough in synthetic propulsion fuel.”
“Hey, that’s great,” said Gary. His voice was smiling, but his face was serious as he carefully pulled several tiny vials out of his valise and placed them on the graffiti-ridden tissue dispenser. He pulled out a small test tube rack and placed it on the floor between his feet, then quietly loaded it with six tubes.
“Yeah, we’ve been working on this one for years. Looks like we’ve figured out how to make a gram of solid waste provide sixty teranewtons of thrust.”
“Sixty teranewtons?” asked Gary. “Wow. That’s impressive. So, you could feasibly take a kilo of crap and turn it into a fuel supply that could launch a five hundred passenger liner to Mars?”
“Yep. Well, no. I mean, you know, the catalyst is the key. And that’s the formula I’m delivering.”
“Well, of course,” said Gary, “it’s always in the catalyst – that secret ingredient that makes it possible to unlock the power of the compounds. Isn’t chemistry beautiful?”
“Sure is,” Jeppsen nodded, despite the fact that Gary couldn’t see him from the next toilet stall.

#

Bench got to work on programming the displacement apparatus for the desired coordinates. Hopefully the LAX Security people would leave him alone for long enough to get everything set up. Gary was bound to be ready soon. Word was he never wasted time with these things.
The pounding on the door and the yelling resumed just as Bench was inputting the destination codes.
Here we go again.

#

Gary slipped on a pair of titanium-film gloves and slowly opened his vials, one at a time, pouring carefully measured volumes into the different test tubes, holding them at eyelevel to avoid parallax. Mixing up three different solutions, he titrated a few drops of one solution into a fourth fluid and watched the color change from blue, to yellow, then to a deep blood red. 
Royal red.
“I’ve actually been thinking that after this run,” said Jeppsen, “that maybe I’d cash out, too. Retire, that is.”
“Oh yeah?”
“Yeah. I hold a fair amount of stock in the company, and once this product goes to market, my stock’ll be worth millions – if not billions – if I play my cards right. This is revolutionary stuff, Gary.”
“Don’t I know it. My company’s been chasing that dream since I started with them twenty years ago. The guys in R&D always called it the Crap Barrier. Always trying to break the Crap Barrier. If they could just unlock the energy, find a way to bust fifty or more teranewtons out of a kilo of crap, we could corner the market on solid propulsion fuel.”
“So you know exactly what I’m talking about then!” said Jeppsen.
“Not really. That wasn’t my department. I headed up the matter-energy department at GravX Corp.”
“Matter-energy, eh? So you guys tinkered with chemical-based teleportation and what-not?”
“That’s right. Interesting thing, it takes energy to move matter-energy. So what we found was that although it’s a cinch to teleport something a hundred meters once you know how, it takes wildly copious amounts of energy to do so. The system is unsustainable without a sufficient supply of energy.”
“Yeah, I think I read something about GravX’s work in last month’s Chem Age,” said Jeppsen. “But it also said that once you break the thousand-kilometer range, the energy curve flattens out and you get increasing returns.”
“You’re well-read,” said Gary, gently warming a test tube with a hand held gamma ray laser.
“You know,” said Jeppsen, “P3L should get together with GravX – we could apply our Crap Barrier-busting catalyst to your work in chem-teleportation. Who knows what we could achieve!”
“That’s a great idea, Jeppsen. Unfortunately, it’s too idealistic. We’ve already made overtures - once we heard you were making progress - but P3L refused to come to the table. They don’t want to share the pie at all.”
“Hmm, that’s too bad.”
“Yes, yes it is,” said Gary, blowing a little steam off the top of his test tube. He ran a small Fourier transform reader across the top of the tube, and the readout on the display indicated the solution was a perfect mix. 
Royal Death was its name. 
All it needed now was the catalyst.
Human flesh.

#

Bench broke off from his console and stepped to the door. He pressed a button on the wall to activate the intercom that led to the outside.
“I suggest you step away from the door,” he said. “There’s been a chemical leak – as I’m sure you’ve smelled – and we’re working on containing it. Please clear the corridor and seal off section 1-6-J. Will report our progress in twenty minutes.”
He shut off the intercom before they could ask any questions, and heard them run off once more.

#

Gary stood and stepped up onto the top of the toilet seat and peered over the cubicle wall at Jeppsen.
“So what are your plans for retirement?” asked Jeppsen.
Gary stepped back down and sat on the toilet. “I intend to get away from here – from all this,” he said truthfully. “I bought some land in the Western Provinces of the New Tokyo settlement on Mars.”
“Really? I’ve heard that’s a beautiful piece of terraforming. Well, you do realize that’s a two month trip if you leave at this time of year? Better to wait until the planets are more closely aligned in the summer.”
“Actually, I plan to be there by early afternoon.”
Jeppsen laughed aloud. “Today? You’re nuts.”
Gary did not answer. He was once again standing on the edge of the toilet, looking down on Jeppsen’s convenient bald spot. He tipped the test tube to nearly horizontal, then gently allowed gravity to pull several drops of the Royal Death toward the unsuspecting Jeppsen.
The first drop hit his scalp with an audible sizzle. Jeppsen’s hands flew to his head and he screamed. His flesh had already begun to dissolve, and his hands came away wet. He looked up, his mouth agape and screaming, just as a stream of Royal Death poured from the test tube, into his eyes and mouth, melting his face away like red paint from a brush dipped in thinner.
His screaming quickly became a stifled gurgle as his throat disintegrated. His head imploded, collapsed, melted. As the reaction accelerated, the rest of his body started to give way like a time lapse image of a snowman disappearing in the heat of the noonday sun. 
As soon as the test tube was emptied - a cascade of doom upon Jeppsen’s cranium - Gary leapt down from his perch and raced around to Jeppsen’s stall. He reached into Jeppsen’s coat pocket and retrieved the data storage device with the fluid efficacy of a professional pick pocket.
Then he took a step back and watched coldly as the man became a gelatinous pile of quivering red goo that filled the toilet bowl. The hissing sound of the reaction faded away irregularly, like the final few pops of popping corn kernels. 
The only recognizable remains were Jeppsen’s feet, which Gary cautiously picked up by the pant legs and tossed into the toilet atop the smoldering red jelly. They quickly started to melt into the mass, too.

#

Bench moved back to the console and finished entering the codes, then headed to the back of the small, dark utility room, climbed a step stool and placed a titanium bucket near the ceiling. Then he pulled a lever and a quivering blob of red goo flowed through a three-inch diameter pipe in the ceiling and into the bucket.
It smelled like barbecued dog hair and rotten seafood.
“Welcome, Mr. Jeppsen,” said Bench, carefully climbing down the step stool, bucket in hand.
He carried the bucket to a small, well-lit cubicle and set it on a glowing disc in the center, then entered some commands on the console.
Now all he needed was that catalyst formula.

#

Gary flicked on Jeppsen’s data device and was met with a security wall. He pulled out his own data pad and held it to Jeppsen’s like a pair of mating turtles. After thirty seconds of humming and buzzing, Gary pulled them apart. 
He’d cracked the code.
Gary opened the formula file and transmitted it to his own device, then relayed it to his employer.
He went back to his stall and sat down. Within twenty minutes GravX and Bench would have installed the catalyst formula in the Mover, and he’d be able to leave.
He decided to take that time to empty his bowel – after all, it would come in handy shortly.
When he was done, he got a message – just a single tone and a blinking light on his hand held. 
Bench was ready.
He pulled a scoop out of his valise and extracted several ounces of his own waste matter from the bowl of the toilet.
Carrying it out of the stall, he glanced into Jeppsen’s stall. The red goo had been evacuated. He stepped in and flushed the remaining stickiness from the sides of the bowl.
Then the janitorial door opened and Bench returned. “It’s ready,” he said.
“Nice job with the chemical spill and the PA thing. You actually convinced him.”
“That’s what I’m paid for. You ready?”
Gary stepped into the janitor’s closet and followed Bench back to the operations room.
He carefully placed his own crap into a clear tank beside the Mover. He sealed the vat and entered a code. The sound of vacuum suction accompanied the sudden disappearance of the crap. Moments later, a green light appeared on the display.
He hit a red button, and the bucket-o-Jeppsen became translucent, shimmered, then disappeared.
“Where’d you send him?” asked Gary.
“I set it for an asteroid in the Belt. Nobody will ever find the evidence. And according to this telemetry, it worked. The Mover can now send matter millions of kilometers in an instant.”
“Good. I never doubted it would.”
Gary stepped into the Mover and entered a new set of coordinates.
New Tokyo, Mars.
“You realize no living human has ever transported more than one hundred kilometers,” said Bench.
“We’ve run the tests ten thousand times,” Gary said. “It’ll be fine. All we’ve needed is the energy source, and now we’ve got it. Besides, have you ever heard of a better getaway?”
“Good luck, Mr. Shamus. And enjoy your retirement.”
Bench pressed the red button, and Gary closed his eyes, awaiting the strange sensation of chem-teleportation.
While his eyes remained shut, Bench quickly keyed in a new destination. 
“Oh, by the way, Mr. Shamus. You should know – operatives such as yourself never really retire – they just get flushed.”
“What?” asked Gary, as he began to shimmer and fade away. “Where are you sending meeeeeeeeee?”
He disappeared before Bench could respond.
The answer Gary never heard was that he was being flushed away to the outer reaches of the solar system.
Uranus.

THE END


MORE BOOKS AT WWW.MICHAELDBRITTON.COM




* * * * *



ASSASSINWARE
(a sample from the popular techno-thriller novel)

PROLOGUE


Scott Faraday was not used to this.
He’d spent his career with the CIA – and before that, with the Navy – as a nameless, faceless cog in a wheel.
Just doing his job.
Doing it remarkably well, but doing it under the shadow of anonymity.
Yet here he was, going public.  Well, sort of.
Maxine Miller had first approached him at his favorite D.C. internet café, eBrew - at the time, he was surprised that such an attractive woman would be interested in him.  She sat down close enough to him that he could smell her flowery perfume and feel the warmth of her body.  But after a few minutes of conversation, it became clear that all she was after was his story.  Once his emerging ego was quickly put back in its humble place, he agreed to the interview, on the condition that his identity would remain undisclosed.  And that it take place in a location with fewer people around.
Now he sat in a neighborhood park near his Ingleside apartment with the Newsweek reporter – a petite blonde he’d once hoped was picking up on him – trying his best to do justice to one of the biggest cybercrime stories of the decade.  Under his black leather jacket, his left arm was in a sling.  In his right hand, he held a bottle of water.  As usual, he needed a shave.
“Tell me about your partner, Simon Jakes,” she said, brushing a strand of sunshine-colored hair behind her ear and poising her well-manicured fingertips over her laptop keyboard that sat atop her tight skirt.  A small digital recorder sat on the bench between them, the bright morning sun, low in the sky, reflecting off its shiny surface.
Faraday sighed, and a puff of water vapor floated out of his mouth in the cool late-September air.  “What do you want to know?  I mean, Jakes was – he – he was a great agent and a good friend.  He had a real sense of humor, you know, the kind of guy who everybody liked.  And he knew how to motivate people – a persuasive guy.”
“What about his death?”
Faraday shook his head, looking down at the gravel walk, still covered in a thin veneer of frost.  “It all went down so very quickly.”
Maxine gently placed her hand on his forearm.  “Just let the words come, Scott,” she said, her big, dark eyes looking surprisingly empathetic, for a reporter.  “Don’t worry about how it sounds.  I’m a writer – I’ll make it flow just fine once it’s in print.  It may be hard to talk about your friend’s death, but this story will have much more impact if you can explain how everything occurred.  So, just relax, and tell me all about it.”
Faraday took a sip from his water bottle, then began to paint the picture.  “We were in the closing action of a very long-term operation.  I was running the op out of headquarters in Langley.  It all came down to this – it was time to make the bust.  We had a team in the field, ready to shut down a big ring of Seattle-based corporate data black-marketers . . . ”

#

Scott Faraday sat at the helm of the CIA’s counter-cybercrime operation team in a black leather high-back office chair, surrounded by an array of at least two dozen flat screen computer monitors ranging in size from twenty inches to forty-six inches, all displaying full-color images and data streams.  
The lighting in the room was subdued – most of the illumination coming from the bank of screens and the blue-glowing control panels.  The smell of hot dust from the heavy-duty computer network mingled with stale coffee and a leftover pizza from a long night of surveillance.
Faraday wore an earpiece-microphone and his strong hands flew over the smooth-surface keyboard as he relayed commands to the S.W.A.T. team on the ground, thousands of miles away in Seattle.
He moved his right hand to a delicate joystick device that he used to maneuver a remote camera and zoom in the image.
His team was closing in on the hideout of a group of heavy players in a ring of thieves stealing sensitive corporate data and selling it to the highest bidder.  These were the guys who ran the actual auction site – shutting down these punks would put a serious dent in business.
Simon Jakes, Faraday’s partner, was closing in on them from the electronic side while Faraday directed the ground team.  
Suddenly, Jakes erupted in anguish.

#

Faraday stopped telling the story and sunk into silence.
“What happened?” asked Maxine.  “How’d he die?”
To Faraday, she seemed poised on the edge of her seat like a salivating hound waiting for its master to release a dangling steak.
“I can’t tell you.”
“You don’t know?”
“No, I am not at liberty to say.  The information is classified.”
“Come on, Agent Faraday,” her voice was hardening, a contrast to the soft coaxing voice of a few minutes ago.  “This is the centerpiece of the story.  There are rumors that Jakes was killed by his computer.  Is this true?”
“I can’t comment on that.  Do you want the rest of the story, or not?”
“All right,” she said, sounding a little exasperated – like a man who’s been asked to stop and talk about his feelings right before intercourse.  “What happened after Jakes died?  How did you catch the perpetrators?  And why does the incident report show that you were alone when you brought them in – no backup?”
“There was no time - ” Faraday started.
“So the claims that your apprehension of the Seattle Six was motivated by vigilantism are false?”
“Completely unfounded,” said Faraday, his face stern.  A jogger passed by and he shifted in his seat before continuing.  “It took me a while, but using a data tracking technique I designed, the doors started opening in my investigation, and I was chasing down leads as fast as I could run - the rest of the Agency couldn’t even keep up.  In the end, it was just me and the six of them.  And in the end, justice was served.  So why the fabricated controversy?”
Maxine raised her eyebrows, then brushed aside the hair that was tickling her forehead.  “I didn’t make up the accusations, Mr. Faraday, I’m just telling you what I’ve heard over the past two weeks since the arrests.  You are free to refute the claims, as you just did.  But I believe the people have a right to know.”
“To know what?  That I took down six scumbags who got what they had coming?  Besides, I went easy on them – that is, I followed procedure to the letter, with the exception of having backup.  Nobody died.  It was a clean bust.”
“But you put all six of them in the hospital – one of them in critical condition.”
“We all checked in that day,” said Faraday, lifting his injured arm slightly and wincing.  “I took a bullet, too, you know.”
“I am aware of that.”
Faraday watched her tap a few words into her laptop.  “Well, if there’s nothing else, I’d like to call it a day,” he said, standing up.
“Actually, I really would like to know more about Jakes’ death.  Can you at least tell me if you feel it was preventable?  Given what you know now, what would you have done differently?”
“I don’t want to talk about this anymore.  Just take what you’ve got and write your story.”
She didn’t budge.  “The people have a right to know.”
“Do they?” Faraday said quickly, his voice rising.  “Why?  For the same reason they like to slow down and stare at traffic accidents?”
“I’ll ask again - was it preventable?  What would you have done differently?”
“Of course it was preventable!  What would I have done differently?  I’d have had better software.”
Faraday pushed himself up from the bench with his good arm and walked away without looking back.
As he walked briskly toward the rising sun between trees that were starting to lose their leaves, his mind revisited the part of the story he could not – would not - reveal to the reporter . . .

#

Suddenly, Jakes erupted in anguish.
“Scott, something’s happening – I – I – my hand, it’s – arrrrrrrggghhhhhhh!”
At the blood-curdling scream, Faraday spun around in his chair and watched as his partner of two years stood up at his desk then fell to his knees beside his own office chair, his right hand held in front of his shocked face like a monstrous, bubbling boiling claw dripping blood from the pores.
Everyone in the office jumped into action and swarmed around the floundering Jakes as he collapsed onto his back and started to go into convulsions.  Two men tried to hold him down as a man and two women gripped his arm to hold his shaking hand still and try to figure out what was happening to the veteran agent.
Moments later, Jakes’ quivering body ceased its tormented throes, and he lay stiffly on the floor, his eyes wide open, staring the cold gaze of the dead, a trickle of bile oozing from the corner of his slightly open mouth.
It had happened that fast.  
One moment, his partner and friend Simon was working at his computer, trying to infiltrate a black market website – the next he was in unspeakable pain as his life was drained out of him like a high speed download.
The scuffle of action and sudden death of Jakes distracted Faraday from the operation at a crucial juncture, and the mission fell apart.  The ground location turned out to be a dummy – a shell system run as a decoy to throw off the authorities.  It blew up in a fiery blast as the S.W.A.T. team entered, killing half the squad.
Faraday would’ve caught it in time if he’d not been torn away from the computer screens at the last moment. 
More blood on his hands.
 Now everyone in the room scrambled to try to deal with the new situation at hand as the ground team struggled to regroup and figure out where to go next.  
Everyone except Faraday, who just stared at Simon.  
As he stood over his dead friend, he was shaken, but determined to get to the bottom of it – to make someone pay.  
He was still composed enough to examine the mouse on Jakes’ desk.  The black hunk of polymer had mostly melted away, corroding the edge of the keyboard along with it.  Faraday scraped a small sample into a clean teaspoon from Jakes’ top drawer, and ran it downstairs to the lab as fast as he could.
An hour later, Jakes was being wheeled out of the building on a gurney, zipped into a dull black bag.  Faraday watched bitterly from the front steps as his friend disappeared into an Agency meat wagon.
Someone tapped him on the shoulder, making him jump.
“What?”
“Agent Faraday – I thought you’d want to know right away,” said the lab technician, a bespectacled, thin-haired man in stereotypical white coat who stood about a half a foot shorter than Faraday’s six foot two.  “The substance you brought us – it was a toxic morphogenic compound – highly corrosive, deadly poisonous when absorbed through the skin.”
“How did it get inside this building?”
“Uh, that’s the thing.  It didn’t, exactly.  It came in through the internet.”
“What?”
“Like I said, it’s morphogenic.  It was sent in as a data stream – a program with instructions to use nanochem to literally transform the polymers in the mouse into the substance that killed your partner.  It was a targeted kill.”
“Assassinware,” Faraday said under his breath.

#

Faraday shook himself from the memory.  He’d walked out of the park and all the way back to his apartment without even noticing how much ground he’d put between himself and the reporter.  As he unlocked his door, he angrily muttered once more the words with which he’d left Maxine Miller: better software.


CHAPTER 1


Scott Faraday sat at the sidewalk tables outside eBrew under foreboding gray skies, sheltered by a red-and-white striped umbrella, sipping a fake chocolate diet shake through a straw while he checked his email.  He scratched at his stubbly chin – maybe he should’ve shaved today – then ran his hand through his thick dark hair.
He braced himself against the chilly air.  November in Washington D.C. had a way of creeping up on you like a predator.  Still, he’d rather be out here alone and chilly than inside with all those . . . people.
It had been over a year since he’d sat at this café with his old partner, the late Simon Jakes.  Since then, he’d caught the programmer behind his death and closed Jakes’ final case, using his own software solution (and a daring single-handed, guns-blazing take-down) to shut down the cybercrime gang that was selling corporate secrets to the highest online bidder.  It felt good to finally put them behind bars.
Not that it would bring back Jakes.
Now Faraday had become accustomed to working alone, having turned down the opportunity to work with three different partners.  He and Jakes had been a good team, and good friends.  But Faraday liked how it was now – only responsible for himself and for cleaning up the world one cybercriminal at a time.
The diet shake he sipped at tasted like carob-infused cardboard, but at least it might help keep the weight off.  He’d gained thirty pounds after he’d started at the CIA nine years ago, and managed to lose twenty of them in the last six months, just by drinking the disgusting shakes.
The wind was starting to pick up, whipping at the ends of the umbrella and scattering abandoned copies of the Washington Post across the sidewalk and into the gutter.  Faraday could smell the rain in the air.  He glanced up at the darkening canopy and zipped up his black leather jacket.
Might as well go inside, since the wireless signal out here is nowhere near as good as advertised.
He slapped his laptop closed, dumped the remains of his nasty chalky shake in the tall wire waste basket by the door, and stepped into the bustling café.
The smell of fresh ground coffee and baked goods permeated the too-warm air, making his stomach grumble with hunger.  Faraday squeezed past a half dozen crowded tables to find an empty seat at the end of the counter.  He opened up his laptop and finished looking at his email, then opened an encrypted connection and administered the comments section of his blog, Cybercrime Memoirs.
Usually it was a simple matter of making sure the comments left behind by readers were not extremely offensive or divulging of national secrets.  Click, click, click and done.
Not today.
One comment caught Faraday’s eye – from someone with the username NonCredit Romeo.
There are many ways to kill a man.  As many ways as there are pixels on your screen.  Watch and learn, Faraday.  Look to Turtle Bay for six new ways today.
Faraday received the odd threatening or psycho-sounding comment every few weeks – usually from those tinfoil hat types who hate any and all government agencies.  He was about to delete it when his cell vibrated at his side.  He tapped the button on his earpiece to pick up.
“Faraday, go.”
“Graham, here.  Get your butt in here, Scott.  We’ve got six dead U.N. diplomats.”
Faraday glanced at his screen, at the words of NonCredit Romeo.
“Did you say six?”
“Yes, six.  And it’s definitely your department – they died sitting at their computers.  Just get in here and I’ll brief you.”
A soft tone sequence indicated Graham had hung up.  
Faraday moved his cursor away from the delete button on screen and logged out, closed his laptop, shoved his way to the front door and burst out onto the street.
He hopped into a cab that whisked him along the George Washington Memorial Parkway, past mostly-naked trees to the Langley headquarters of the Central Intelligence Agency.  The rain was just starting to fall as he ducked into the main lobby, then took the stairs to the fourth floor (part of his weight loss program).  He passed his ID across a reader at the door to the Directorate of Science and Technology.  The guard verified his photo and asked him to place his hand on a scanner, it pinged with a green light and he stepped inside.
Faraday placed his laptop on his desk and went straight in to see his boss, Henry Graham.
“Scott, you’re here.  Close the door and take a seat.”
Faraday pushed the door shut and sat in the black vinyl-covered armchair across from Graham.  Faraday could see the dark clouds through the blinds behind Graham, and heard the rain tapping on the glass.
“Scott, I want you to go to New York.  These U.N. people were all killed, somehow, by their computers.”
“Okay, back up a sec, Hank.  First, I need to know exactly when these murders occurred.”
Graham handed Faraday a file folder.  “Look for yourself.”
Faraday leafed through the file.  Photos of dead men and women, slumped over their computers or laying on the floor in tipped back office chairs.  Times of death: 9:08, 9:09, 9:11, 9:13, 9:14, and 9:16.
“Hank, there’s something you need to see.”
Faraday walked around to Graham’s side of the desk and leaned over his keyboard.  He pulled up his blog, logged in, and went to the comments administration interface.
Hank read the comment by NonCredit Romeo.
“You see the time that was posted?” Faraday asked.
“8:43.”
“Twenty five minutes before the first murder,” said Faraday.
“Have you tracked the source?”
“No.  I tried to get an IP on the way here in the taxi, but whoever left that comment really covered his tracks.  He’s routing his packets through at least eighty DNS servers around the globe, including a few Chinese servers with restricted access.  Whoever he is, he’s good.”
“All right,” said Graham.  “Get to Turtle Bay first, examine the evidence, then follow up on this NonCredit Romeo character.  There’s got to be a way to trace him.”
Faraday made his way out of the office at a brisk pace, stopping at his desk to grab two more diet shakes.
It’s going to be a long day.


CHAPTER 2


Faraday arrived at the U.N. headquarters complex at Turtle Bay, New York, by yellow cab from the airport.  
The tall glass Secretariat Building looked like a giant gravestone as he pulled up under cloudy skies.
He walked in the front doors in his black raincoat with brown valise, provided his ID and was escorted to the twenty-seventh floor, where the first of the six assassinations had occurred.
The uniformed guard didn’t have much to say as they rode the fast-moving elevator and stepped out to an office area crowded with various law enforcement officers and detectives from multiple U.S. and international agencies.  
“In here,” said Man of Few Words, rounding the corner into a lobby criss-crossed with the standard yellow crime scene tape.
“Thanks,” said Faraday, stepping around a forensic expert who was placing something tiny into a baggie with a pair of long tweezers.
Faraday spent a few moments standing with his hands in his pockets, viewing the computer desk from a few feet away, getting a sense of the scene of the crime.  
This victim was the one who’d been thrust backward and onto the floor.  The chair remained in its tipped-over position, but the body was gone, represented by a white-taped outline that started on the chair and continued onto the floor, the arms splayed.  A few dark patches on the light gray carpet marked the spilled blood.
The image before his eyes made Faraday’s mind flash back to a vision of Simon Jakes sprawled on the floor of the CIA office, convulsing, and then ceasing to move.
He stepped carefully past some desktop items scattered on the floor near the desk – a handful of paper clips, two pencils, a red pen, a few sheets of paper, and a broken Museum of Fine Arts coffee mug.
Faraday scratched his head through his thick, dark brown hair and pulled out his PDA.  Graham had sent him the case file while he was on the plane from D.C.  He tapped at the screen and pulled up the first victim.
Jean-Michel Lumonde of France.  Assistant to Suzette LeFleur, representative on the Security Council.  Eighteen years working for the French government.
Faraday stepped back and bumped into someone.  “Excuse me,” he mumbled over his shoulder, not bothering to look at the person.  
“Excuse me,” said the woman, sounding perturbed.
Faraday brushed it off and stepped in to take a close look at Lumonde’s computer.  The tower was fried – blackened casing, melted moulding – but he’d still pull whatever was left of the hard drive to see if there was anything recoverable.
The interesting thing was the monitor.  A standard nineteen inch flat screen – but only the stand and part of the screen frame remained.  The rest had been blown out – and into Monsieur Lumonde’s face with deadly force.
Faraday started to form some theories about how this attack was perpetrated, and realized the next logical place to look was the point of incursion.  He turned and left the office, stopping to ask directions to the server room.
A U.N. guard at the office door pointed him in the right direction, and he took the stairs down six flights and followed the corridor to the west side of the building to the main IT area.  Once among the towers of black rack-mounted hardware under glass, with blinking lights and the steady hum of heavy-duty computing power, he felt the sensation of being “home.”  He spoke with the top techie on duty, but was denied access to the traffic logs.  
“Look,” said the IT guy, “I’ll tell you the same thing I told that red-head who was snooping around here.  Nobody sees nuthin’ without paper from my boss.”
Faraday apparently wasn’t the first agent to be asking questions, and not the first to get the door shut in his face.  He’d need Graham to pull some strings.
So he headed up to the twenty-ninth floor to check out the next victim’s desk.  The scene was much the same, only the body outline for this one indicated South Africa’s Jendasi Umulo had expired slumped over his desk.  The monitor here was intact, but the mouse was melted down and fragmented.  A blackened, sticky-looking substance puddled on the desk next to the mouse pad.  The room smelled like barbequed dog hair.
The smell immediately took him back to a year ago, and he pictured Simon Jakes’ violent death once more, imagining it must have been much the same for Mr. Umulo.  
This case was already haunting Faraday, and he’d barely begun the investigation.
He pushed aside the memory and took a look at the computer.  Again, the tower was a complete loss, but Faraday pulled the hard drive anyway.
The six dead diplomats were spread among four floors of the building.  It took half the morning to examine each workstation, and each yielded evidence of a different method of execution.  What they all had in common was the use of the computer as a weapon and the destruction of the hard drive.
Most likely, the damage to the hard drive was by design, rather than a by-product of the assassination.
Covering their tracks.
Very clever killer.  
Smarter than the one who’d killed Jakes.  That one had left recoverable evidence on the hard drive – a set of codes that Faraday had used to track down the killer.
Having seen all that was worth his time, Faraday decided to take a look at the bodies, all of which were in cold storage at the nearest morgue.
He went out to the street and jumped in a yellow cab to find a woman had hopped in from the opposite side at the same time.
“Uh, this is my cab,” he said.
“No it’s not,” she said, closing her door.  “I was here first.”
“You two loveboyds wanna let me know when you sorts this out?” said the cabbie over his shoulder.  “I gets a fare either way.”
“I’m headed to East 49th,” said the woman.  “Maybe we can share?”
Faraday forced a rigid smile.  “That happens to be where I’m going.  Maybe we can make this work.”
“East 49th,” they told the cabbie in unison.
The woman wore a black suit and shiny black pumps.  Her redwood colored hair was up in a twist and she wore designer eyeglasses.  Pretty attractive – until she bit into a hotdog she’d purchased from a vendor across the street from where the cab had stopped.  Faraday could smell the juicy dog with all its spicy toppings, and the aroma was nauseating, yet at the same time made his stomach growl.  A good New York street dog would sure beat another diet shake.  
He watched her out of the corner of his eye, then tried to distract himself by starting to organize the notes in his PDA.  He was interrupted when a call came in from Graham.  
“Scott, you’ve been assigned a partner to help work the human angle.  C. Blaine from IOC/AG.  They’re bringing in Information Operations, as these hits could be of foreign origin since they’re web-based.”
“Great,” Faraday rolled his eyes.  “You know I prefer to work alone.”
“Look, I don’t know anything about this Agent Blaine, but make sure and give him a fair shake.  I understand how you feel about partners, but we need to pull out all the stops on this one and can’t afford any in-fighting.”
“Fighting?  You give me too much credit, boss.”
“You know what I mean, Scott.  You fly solo and like it that way – you’ve told me that enough times.  I just want you to be nice to this guy and make it work, all right?”
“Fine.  I’ll check in later after I’ve seen the corpses.”
With that comment, the woman sitting next to Faraday looked over at him with a perplexed frown.
“That’s where Blaine’s headed,” said Graham.  “Guess you’ll meet him there.”
“Fine.  Later.”
A partner.  Not what Faraday needed at this juncture.  With thoughts of Jakes creeping into his mind, the last thing Faraday wanted was a partner.  Whatever – maybe he’d be able to ditch this guy after the first day.
The cab pulled up to the morgue.
“This is my stop,” said Faraday.
“Huh, mine too,” said the woman.
They split the fare, and Faraday took a minute to dig in his pockets for some paper money to tip the cabbie.  After a minute, he entered the sandstone-colored building.  Just as he entered the lobby area, someone was passing through a security door into the back.
“Hold up,” Faraday called.  “I need to go back there and see the six bodies that were brought in to you this morning from the U.N.”  
The door opened and the woman from the cab stared at him.  He held out his ID.  “Faraday, CIA.”
“Blaine, CIA,” she said, extending her own badge.
“Blaine.  ‘C’ Blaine?”
“Catherine.  You can call me Cat, since we’ll be working together.”  She held out her hand without a smile.
Faraday took it hesitantly and gave it a slow, single shake, looking directly into her green eyes.  “I’ll stick with Blaine.  So, you get anything from the crime scenes?” he asked as they stepped into the back room where the pathologist was waiting for them.
“Yeah.  A nice bruise on my shoulder – you’re that guy who slammed into me in one of the offices,” she said, recognizing him from the Secretariat Building.  “You get anything?”
“Just a half-dozen fried hard drives and a couple dozen questions.  And sorry about the nudge.”
“Mr. Faraday,” said the black-haired man in the white coat, gold-rimmed glasses and trim salt-and-pepper goatee.  “Your supervisor called and said you were coming, and explained the confidential nature of your investigation.”
“And you are?” asked Faraday.
“James Pinchley, I’m the chief pathologist here.”
“And I’m Agent Blaine,” said Cat, stepping nearer and offering her hand.
“Pleased to meet you.  Well, follow me,” said Pinchley.
The three walked through a steel door into a bright, chilly room that resembled a surgery but smelled of formaldehyde.  Dr. Pinchley disappeared into a vault, leaving Faraday and Blaine standing in place, peering around the room in silence like curious lab rats.
Pinchley returned after a few moments, pushing a black body bag atop a wheeled table.  He unzipped the bag to reveal a pasty white woman with incisions under her chin and speckled across her face in a blast pattern accented by burn marks.  Once upon a time she’d been pretty.
“We pulled all the little chunks of the keyboard out of her face,” said Pinchley.  “Except for the ones embedded in her eyeballs.  I have the pieces in storage if you need them.”
“Thanks,” said Faraday, leaning in to take a close look at the woman.  He stood up straight again and tapped at his PDA.  “So, this was Andrea Rendal of Sweden,” he said.  “Floor twenty-seven, the exploding keyboard.  Right.”
Pinchley had two more bodies brought in.  “This is Kenya and France,” said Pinchley, as if hosting a morbid Miss World pageant.
The bags were unzipped and Faraday and Blaine stepped alongside the deceased.  The odor reached Faraday’s nose and he caught his breath – then tried to exhale slowly to delay the next whiff.  “Maybe you shouldn’t have had that hot dog, Blaine.”  His eyes ran down the arm to the hand of one of the victims.  He looked over at the other one, who looked like she’d been in a car accident without a seatbelt.
“This one’s fingers were fried by a mouse,” said Faraday, pointing to the blackened hand of the Kenyan one, “and this one here got an exploding monitor in the face.”
“How could a hand injury kill someone?” asked Agent Blaine.
“Correct me if I’m wrong, Dr. Pinchley,” said Faraday, “But the hand injury was more than just a burn.”
“That’s right, Agent Faraday,” said Pinchley.  “The object that came in contact with the deceased’s hand – a computer mouse, I take it – was composed of a highly toxic compound.  The burn was a side effect of the fatality, not the cause.”
“So the killer put poison onto the mouse?” asked Blaine.
“The killer turned the mouse into poison,” said Faraday.  “He sent a complex code to the hardware that, along with a power surge to help catalyze the reaction, caused the polymers in the mouse to break down and reform into a toxic substance that was absorbed through the victim’s skin.”
“You’ve seen this before?” asked Pinchley, looking up at Faraday, surprised.
“Unfortunately,” said Faraday.  “I’ve come across some very similar weaponry, and it’s clear that’s what happened here.  This is a series of cyber attacks – no direct contact with the victims.”
Faraday gave Pinchley a nod, and the pathologist in turn nodded to his subordinates to return the dead to their place of slumber.
“Somebody really doesn’t like the U.N.,” said Blaine, her eyes following the rolling slabs of death back into the refrigerated mausoleum.
Faraday tapped more notes into his PDA, glanced up.  “You think?”
“Let’s see the last three,” said Blaine.
Three more tables were brought in.  Each victim had different types of trauma, all brought on by hardware that had been turned into deadly implements through one method or another.
A Dutch man with fatal brain damage.  A Polish woman with her neck sliced open.  A Canadian man with a fried pacemaker.
“We’re dealing with some serious assassinware, here,” said Faraday.
“Assassinware?” asked Cat.
“Software that creates a stealth connection designed to get in, kill, and get out without leaving a trace.  Uses the World Wide Web to turn your friendly computer into a remote weapon.”  
“So this could’ve been perpetrated from anywhere in the world?”
“Or right inside the Secretariat Building.  Once we get the server logs, we may be able to learn more,” said Faraday.  “But so far, this is the cleanest set of hits I’ve ever seen.  I’d say this is most definitely not the work of some amateur terrorist.  This is the result of some serious tech resources.  Programming, software, hardware, high-end stuff.  We’ll know more when I get a hold of the server logs.”
The two agents thanked Pinchley and left the morgue, grabbing another taxi.
“I’m going to want to see those server logs as soon as we obtain them,” said Blaine.
“Once I’m done with them,” said Faraday.  “I’m the lead on this.”
“I was told I’m the lead,” said Blaine.  “To be blunt, you’re the geek assigned to help me navigate the code.”
Faraday blinked hard and turned to her.  “Excuse me?  You’re on my turf, here, Agent Blaine.  You were sent to assist me with the human side of the investigation.  This is my case.  Besides, I’m connected to this in a way that you aren’t.  I’m just tolerating your intrusion here because you’re hot.”
Faraday felt his face flush.  Forgot to turn on the filter between brain and mouth.  Again.
Cat rolled her green eyes and blew air through her nose like an angry bull, setting her jaw.  “Well, I see they don’t keep you around for your people skills.”  She turned to look out the window, though it was fogging up.  “Typical techie.”
Faraday chided himself for getting into the very conflict that Graham had warned him about.  Still feeling embarrassed for his own comment about her good looks, he pulled out his laptop and brought up his blog.  He checked the comments section.  A new one from NonCredit Romeo.
Nice work, eh, Faraday?  And I’m just getting started.
Faraday turned the screen toward Blaine.  “Hey.  Here’s why I’m so invested in this.”
Blaine looked at the screen without leaning in, as if to indicate disinterest.  “What of it?”
“This guy posted detailed information on my blog about the murders before they occurred.  About twenty five minutes in advance.  If he’s not the killer, he has inside information.”
She turned sharply to him.  “Why aren’t we knocking on his door?”
“He’s untraceable.  Well, nobody’s untraceable, but he’s not making it easy.  He’s very good.”
“And he seems to know you.”
Faraday turned the screen back toward himself, frowning.  “Yes, he does.  So you see why this has a personal angle.”
“Well, personal or not, you need to learn to show some common decency and respect.  I know you’re used to dealing with ones, zeros, and pixels, but it’s time to grow up a little and realize we’re on the same side here.  In fact, our offices fall under the same agency.  So give the attitude a rest, will ya?”
Faraday closed the laptop and slid it into his valise.  He took a deep breath and exhaled.
“All right.  I’m sorry.  I just don’t want some hotshot swooping in on my case.”
“Hotshot?  Look, I’ve been with the CIA for four years.  And I’m doing pretty well for myself, thank you very much.  I’m building my career on my own merits, not piggybacking on others or stealing cases.  I’m here to help solve the case, Faraday.”
Faraday looked at her face and saw her sincerity.  She didn’t look defensive, just determined.
“Call me Scott,” he said, offering his hand in truce.


CHAPTER 3


Back at Turtle Bay, Faraday and Blaine sat in the windowless anteroom outside the office of the director of IT, Madge Grenberg.  Graham had managed to obtain clearance and permission for the server logs to be released, from the time period 9:00 to 9:20 of that morning.
Now they were just waiting for the transfer of the data to a portable storage device.  Faraday sat with his laptop out, scouring the web for any activity that may be related to the case, and Blaine was scrolling though emails on her PDA.  The room was quiet and barren, except for the two low armchairs, the coffee table, and a plastic ficus between the door and a wall clock.
Faraday reached in his valise and pulled out a SkinnyQuick shake and started turning the can end over end.  “I’m trying to make sense of this NonCredit Romeo.  I’ve run some analyses, and the name turns out to be an anagram of Monroe Doctrine.”
“So this is clearly a guy who wants the U.S. to extricate itself from all international alliances,” said Cat, demonstrating her familiarity with U.S. history.
“And he’s making his point in a deadly way.  What I can’t figure out is how he’s connected to me.  I can see him stumbling upon my blog and thinking it would be a good place to post his little cryptic messages, but my blog does not identify me by name, or even specify which CIA department I work for.”
“And he knows you were at Turtle Bay this morning.”
Satisfied it was sufficiently mixed up, Faraday popped the top on the shake can and before taking a swig said, “I did receive some very minor press coverage a couple of years back, when the Times identified me as a ‘top CIA cybersleuth’ for tracking down the illegal campaign donations that one of the presidential candidates was accepting through his website.  But for security purposes they only referred to me in that article as ‘Agent F.’  Same with the Newsweek article last year – I insisted on confidentiality.  I don’t see how Romeo could’ve made the connection.”
“Then maybe it’s someone with inside-CIA connections,” said Cat, picking up a newspaper from the coffee table next to the metal-framed arm chairs in which they sat.  She noted a reference on the front page to the current president.  “Too bad nobody cared Raines was taking illegal campaign donations, eh?”
“It’s my job to catch those perpetrating malfeasance.  It’s the job of the American people to care about malfeasance.  Just ‘cause they don’t care, doesn’t mean I’ll stop doing my job.”
“That sounded practiced,” observed Cat.
Faraday sipped at his shake and shrugged, smacked his lips.  “It’s a subject that’s come up once or twice before.”
“Sounds like maybe it’s your mantra.  ‘Just doin’ my job, ma’am – you don’t have to care,’” she said in a faux manly voice.
Faraday tipped his shake back and finished it off.  “Maybe it is a kind of personal theme,” he conceded.  “This job can turn you cynical, I’ll admit.  That’s why I started my blog – to share my experiences fighting cybercrime and let people know that they can make a difference, even if it seems no one cares.  It still matters.”
“Well, I agree - doing good for its own sake is the only way to approach this job.  And it can be discouraging when holding people accountable for making bad choices is given little respect.”  Cat tossed the newspaper back on the table and turned to Faraday.  “But for me, the most frustrating part of this job is the lack of cooperation among those who are trying to achieve the same goals.  Take this,” she said, motioning to the closed door of the director of IT.  “It seems a no-brainer that we’d need those server logs to catch the killer – yet your boss had to jump through hoops and twist arms to get us any help.”
“Not to mention the information wall between CIA, FBI and other agencies,” agreed Faraday.  “It’s a pain, but it is what it is.  We just have to do the best we can to work within the existing system.”
The director’s door opened and a heavy-set woman with graying hair, wearing jeans and a red sport coat over her white blouse, walked up to Faraday and handed him a flash drive.
“Nine till nine-twenty,” she said coldly.
“Thanks,” said Faraday, then slipped his laptop into his valise and stood to leave.  “Appreciate your help.”
As they left the building, Faraday said, “Tell you what – I’ll make you a copy and we can look these over at the same time.”
“Better yet, why don’t we just go over to the field office in Midtown and use the big screen to review it together.  I’ll buy lunch.”
“Just ate.”
“Come on – you know that wasn’t a meal.  I know a place on 47th that has great take out Chinese.  The pot stickers are to die for.”
Pot stickers.  Faraday sucked in his gut a little.  “I can see you’re going to be bad for my diet.”

Excerpt © 2011 Michael D Britton / Intelligent Life Books

READ THE WHOLE NOVEL!
AVAILABLE AT ALL e-BOOK RETAILERS
