FORGET THE PAST

by
Ian Fox

SMASHWORDS EDITION


* * * * *


PUBLISHED BY:
Ian Fox

Forget the Past
Copyright 2012 by Ian Fox




Smashwords Edition License Notes

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.




* * * * *




Let the past be past.—Homer




* * * * *




Chapter 1
___________________



Patricia Bellows, the owner of the psychiatric hospital who worked as a psychiatrist as well, was reviewing her case notes. She had signaled the nurse to send in the next patient. The doctor skipped to the last paragraph, which read: “Anya Horvat has difficulty with men. Though she is thirty-five years old, she does not sustain a relationship with a man for more than two months.”
After two knocks on the door, Anya Horvat entered the office and took her usual seat.
The journalist wore a light-gray business suit that highlighted her large azure eyes. Her center-parted hair reminded Patricia of the color of cognac. Anya tucked her hair behind her ears, a habit of hers which had been previously noted by the doctor.
“Hello, Anya. How are you feeling today?”
Anya returned her greeting with a broad smile. “Pretty good,” she said.
Patricia clicked the mouse to record. She recorded all her sessions on compact discs so she could listen to them again later if necessary.
“I suggest we begin where we left off last time. We were speaking of love, weren’t we? You were saying that love meant a lot to you and that you want someone to love you.”
“Yes, that’s true.”
“And yet you hadn’t yet found a man you’ve really liked?”
“No.”
“And you also told me that appearances don’t mean much to you. That, until now, you had mostly fallen in love with average-looking men.”
“Also true.”
“So I suggest that today we talk about sexuality.” She rapped her pen against her notebook and looked her patient straight in the eyes.
“What? Why should we talk about sexuality?”
Anya had turned red and Patricia mentally noted that. “You don’t want to talk about sexuality? It bothers you?”
Anya sharply shook her head and answered, “No, no. Not at all, though I don’t know what sex has to do with relationships.”
“That depends. Sex is important for some people. For other it means little. What does it mean to you?”
“For me, it is the least important thing in the world.”
Clearly, I hit the bull’s eye, the psychiatrist thought. She looked at her patient for a few moments, and then resumed the questioning. “What about women? I’d like you to speak honestly with me. Have you ever caught yourself looking at a beautiful woman?”
“If you’re asking if I am a lesbian, the answer is no. Women do not attract me at all.”
“Are you sure? You wouldn’t believe the number of latent homosexuals who have come to me, and I’ve helped all of them. There is nothing worse than struggling against yourself, living the life others want of you. People are defeated by such a life, sooner or later.”
Now Anya’s lips opened into a smile. “I am not a lesbian, believe me. I also have no prejudices against homosexuality. If it were only that simple. … I would simply start a relationship with a woman and wouldn’t be tormented by men anymore. But women don’t attract me at all, not even subconsciously.”
“Fine. We’ve cleared that up. You said, so you wouldn’t be tormented by men anymore. So your relationships with men are a sort of torment.”
Anya’s smile disappeared. “I didn’t mean that. It’s nice for me occasionally.”
“But it’s also a torment for you sometimes,” Patricia persisted.
“Yes, I suppose that it’s sometimes been a torment for me.”
“And what has troubled you?”
“It’s difficult to say. It’s happened that a man’s touch has upset me. I don’t like to be touched by a man if I’m not ready.”
“So you’re allergic to a man’s touch?”
“Allergic? That’s a strong word. It bothers me if I’m not ready.”
“I understand. I’ve felt the same way. Sometimes men can be irritating.” Patricia leaned forward, putting her elbows on her knees. “I’ll ask you something else. Do men physically attract you?”
“Yes, I like to look at them.”
“Let’s imagine you’re at home. You see a man’s naked body in a magazine. Do you take your time and really look at it?”
“It depends,” she answered quickly. “If the man is completely naked, I’m not interested. If he’s wearing a pair of tight jeans and is shirtless, then I like to look. I really like that.”
I hit the bull’s eye again, Patricia thought. “So men’s sexual organs don’t attract you?”
Anya gasped, surprised by the directness of the doctor’s questions. “No, I’m really not interested in that. Should I be?”
Patricia shrugged her shoulders. “Some women are not particularly attracted to men’s sexual organs. I’m not all that attracted to them.”
Anya let out a sigh of relief. “Other things seem much more important.”
“To me too,” Patricia agreed. She got up from her armchair and stepped toward a cupboard with a built-in refrigerator. “I’m thirsty. Would you like a cool drink?”
“Orangeade, if you have it.”
Patricia continued speaking while she looked for a glass. “I’d like to ask you a few more questions regarding your sexuality. I’d like to know how many times you make love to a man when you are in a relationship with him.”
Anya’s face crumpled. “Do we really have to talk about these things? I’ve already told you I don’t think it’s that important.”
“To tell the truth, it’s not that important to me either. The problem is that for most men, sex is extremely important.”
Anya burst out angrily, “I don’t even know if I’d like to be with such a man.”
“Try to calm down, Anya. First, we need to clear up what you don’t like about sex. Apparently, something bothers you. Would you say that you are relaxed during sex?”
Anya rubbed her fingers against the leather couch. “I’m relaxed.”
“Even when a man lies on top of you?”
“Yes, even then,” she answered through her teeth.
Patricia poured orangeade into two crystal glasses. “Anya, I don’t believe you. I sense that something’s wrong. If you like, we can change the subject. Later, when you’re prepared, we’ll come back to it.”
Anya looked at her gratefully. “Yes, I would rather talk about something else.”
“As you like,” Patricia said, and asked a few more general questions. When the session was over, she thanked Anya for the conversation and wished her a pleasant evening.




Chapter 2
___________________



How many years have passed since I last saw my daughter? More than twenty. And during that time I have aged greatly. Who would have thought that everything could change so much, thought the man.
He thanked the newspaper vendor and looked for the nearest wooden bench. His brow furrowed as he opened the newspaper across his knees. He read the first page in less than twenty minutes but then gasped when he turned to the second. A headline read: “Patricia Bellows – successful and ambitious psychiatrist.” He read the article with interest.
Her beauty was boundless, he thought. He remembered holding her in his lap when she was a little girl. She was so sweet.
A boy riding by on a bicycle knocked the newspaper on his knee. The man cried out loudly and ran after the boy. “The hell with you, you little brat!” he yelled, giving up the chase.
When he had calmed down, he headed to the busy street and flagged a taxi. “Take me to the psychiatric hospital on SW Eastridge Street,” he instructed the driver.
He thought about her during the short trip. He remembered how he used to change her clothes and put on her adorable little shoes. Who knows if she’d even recognize me now?
When at last he was standing in front of the imposing front door of the mental health center, he didn’t dare walk in, afraid she’d reject him. I couldn’t bear that, he thought. He walked back and forth on the sidewalk and glanced at the hospital. A splendid building, all marble, truly magnificent.
He noticed someone standing at a window and strained to see who it was. My God, it’s her, Patricia. He felt an adrenaline rush. It struck him that he might lift his hand and wave, but he didn’t dare. Instead, he stood and stared. Patricia, my lovely Patricia.
When she was no longer there, he turned and left. Now is not the right moment. It would be better to visit her at home. Yes, yes. That’s what I’ll do.




Chapter 3
___________________



Anya Horvat left the psychiatric hospital in an agitated state. She didn’t know what sex had to do with long-term relationships. I think I might be wasting my time with this psychiatrist. I doubt she can help me. I have no luck with men. I’m destined to be alone.
The wind struck her face and tousled her hair. The temperature had gone down considerably in the past few days. She pulled her jacket closed against the cold. It’s no pleasure when the month of October begins.
She got to the parking lot and sat down in her old Opel, wanting only to get home as soon as she could. But when she turned the key, the engine didn’t start. Is this one of your moods again? She tried four more times but the engine didn’t budge.
This is all I need. I can’t afford a new car! She had such a hefty mortgage payment on her apartment that there never seemed to be enough money left over to buy a new car. She banged on the steering wheel in desperation. What will I do?
Her eyes settled on a man with wide shoulders, leaning against the stone wall that separated the parking lot from the street. He was staring toward the psychiatric hospital.
She waved to him. That man will have to help me.
He didn’t respond, and so she called out to him: “Hey!”
The man did not move his head. He kept looking in the same direction, as if he didn’t hear her.
“Hey!” she called out shrilly. “Could you please help me over here?” Is he deaf? she wondered.
The man finally turned and began to make his way toward her. He asked her pleasantly enough what was wrong.
“You must know something about engines,” she pleaded. “It won’t start.” That was Anya’s specialty: whenever she needed help, without hesitation she asked a man for help.
He looked nervously at his wristwatch, as if he were in a hurry to get somewhere.
“You have to help me!” she said sharply. It sounded like an order.
The man stood stock-still, looking first at her and then toward the hospital.
Anya looked in the same direction. “Are you waiting for someone?”
“Oh well, it’s nothing.” He sighed and waved his hand. “I’ll take a look.”
She haughtily watched him as he opened the hood. He was several years younger than her, dressed in blue corduroy pants and a simple sports jacket. His black hair was too long for her taste and she didn’t like that he had at least a day’s growth of beard.
He said, “Turn the key, please.”
She sat in the car and turned the key. Nothing happened. She tried again.
“I can’t do anything. You’ll have to take it to a mechanic.”
“You don’t know how to fix it?” she asked.
“The problem is not whether I can fix it or not.” He carefully closed the hood. “The problem is that it’s in really bad shape. If you like, I can drive you home.”
“Oh, that’s not necessary,” she said. She didn’t want to be indebted to him. “I guess I should call a tow truck. At the post office. I can find a phonebook there.”
“Wait.” He touched her shoulder. “I know somebody. Wait a second.” He pulled out his cell phone and held it to his ear. “I’ll call and arrange it, if that’s okay with you.”
“Yes, yes, thank you.” It irritated her to rely on a stranger but she felt so helpless.
He completed the call in less than a minute. “He’ll be here in a half hour. You have to wait near the car. They’ll almost certainly tow it.”
“Great.”
“A person never knows when he’s going to need a helping hand,” he said to her. He looked toward the hospital again. “I’d better go now.”
In an instant he was gone. It took her a few minutes to realize that she hadn’t even thanked him.




Chapter 4
___________________



Even after five years of retirement, Molly Lasch was still petite and wore her dyed bluish hair tied into a French bun. These days she walked with small, even steps, her shoulders drooping slightly forward.
She stopped in front of a door on which the name Patricia Bellows appeared in elegant letters. Molly searched for a key in a shoulder bag made of artificial brown leather. She inserted it into the lock, but to her surprise the door swung open.
A shudder ran through her as she wondered how that could be. It had never happened before that Patricia would go to work leaving the door unlocked.
“Doctor Bellows!” she called out loudly. “Are you still home?”
Molly heard no answer and, shrugging her shoulders, opened the hall closet. She took off her heavy cardigan and hung it on a hanger. She opened another closet and took out a bucket, rags, and a broom. She went into the kitchen where she usually had the most work.
She wiped the cupboards with satisfaction, wondering how much the apartment in which Dr. Bellows lived was worth. Once, she had been bold enough to ask how large it was.
“Nearly two thousand square feet,” the doctor had answered. “Even I don’t know what I should do with all this space.”
That’s the rich for you, Molly thought. I waited on people in restaurants for thirty-seven years. I could hardly survive from month to month on the pittance they paid me.
Frowning, she submerged a cotton rag into the water and wrapped it around the end of the mop.
Next she headed toward the bedroom. She would change the sheets and polish the wood surfaces as usual. She picked up a towel that was lying on the floor in the hallway. Strange, Dr. Bellows never leaves anything on the floor.
Molly froze for an instant as she touched the handle on the bedroom door. She shuddered again as she had when she first noticed that the front door was unlocked.
Shaking her head, she stepped into the bedroom where she confronted the most dreadful scene she had ever seen in her life. Dr. Bellows lay naked on the bed in a sea of blood, her body covered with countless cuts.




Chapter 5
___________________



“Come in, please.”
“My condolences,” Anya Horvat said, shaking the hand of Bertha Hoff.
Her husband, Hunter, waited in an armchair in the living room. When Anya came in, he stood up quickly and greeted her. Then he sat down again. He had a slender build, thoughtful eyes, and heavy brows. His cheeks looked sunken, as if he hadn’t eaten for several days. His skin was fair and he had a slightly bulbous nose. Nevertheless, at first glance he struck Anya as a man who was kind, calm, and accommodating.
Bertha needed some time before she started speaking. “You’re probably wondering why I called.”
Anya also sat down, placing her hands on her knees. “Yes, that’s true.” She looked around the room, noting a picture on the wall that even an ordinary viewer could see was not worth more than thirty dollars. The furniture was cheap and worn. The smell of cooking hovered in the air.
“As I told you on the telephone, I am the sister of Patricia Bellows, who was murdered ten days ago. The police are investigating who might have killed her, but so far have come up with nothing. It’s unacceptable to me.”
“Yes, it’s truly horrible. I read in the newspapers about what happened.” In her mind’s eye, she compared the psychiatrist with her sister. Patricia had had a small nose and a sweet mouth. Bertha had larges eyes and a strong chin. Her features were plain and sturdy and she wore no makeup. She had shimmering hair the color of blackberries that curled in at her shoulders. The two women also differed in their behavior. Patricia had seemed much younger, almost immature at times. Bertha, although she was only a few years older than her sister, seemed very serious, strict, and deliberate.
“I need to admit two things to you. Namely, that I know you’re a journalist, and I also know that you’ve been seeing my sister. Am I right?”
Her directness surprised Anya. “Yes, both of those things are true,” Anya admitted. “How do you know?”
“Patricia never spoke much about her patients but she did mention you. She told me you were an extraordinary woman. Nothing else.”
“Oh, so that’s why …. We did have some interesting conversations. I also liked Patricia Bellows very much. I don’t understand how—”
“I know who the murderer is,” Bertha Hoff blurted in the next moment.
Her husband said, “We’re not entirely sure, but we’ve spoken about it and—”
“It was Benny,” Bertha said hoarsely.
Anya looked first at the husband, then the wife. “You’ve told the police, haven’t you? Who was this Benny?”
“Benny Martin was her lover.”
Hunter turned to his wife. “It could have been him, but what if it was somebody else? You know how many people Patricia was dealing with.”
She said sharply, “If I say it was Benny Martin, then it was Benny Martin. That man is pathologically aggressive.”
Anya looked at them in confusion.
Bertha’s face was hard and grim. She began to cry. “They only knew each other four months. It was such a big mistake. Benny Martin was her patient.”
“Oh, that’s what this is about. And you’re sure he’s the murderer?”
Bertha covered her eyes. “You must understand. Patricia was terribly lonely. She became obsessed with work after the death of her husband. I advised her many times to go out, but she didn’t listen to me. Just work and home. Maybe it seems awful to you that she slept with one of her patients. She shouldn’t have done that. But she was so lonely. I understood her.”
“He wasn’t a bad guy at first glance,” her husband interjected. “We saw each other once. He was tall and quite pleasant. I remember him well.”
Bertha said, “At first, I advised her not to see him. Patricia spent hours telling me about him. But then I said, better him than no one. He was the only person she went out with. Otherwise she lived her life completely alone, nothing but work and an empty home.” A flood of tears fogged Bertha’s vision. “It’s my fault. I killed her. I should have insisted that she find someone else.”
“I understand all of this,” Anya said, “but I still have no idea what it has to do with me.”
He said, “Since you’re a journalist, this matter no doubt interests you. You might want to do some research and write an article about it.”
“What do you mean, research?”
“Visit Benny Martin and try to find out what he was doing on the night of the murder. If that doesn’t succeed, certainly his neighbors would know something. I’m sure it wouldn’t take you long to get some crucial information.”
Anya lifted her hands as if to defend herself. “I’ll tell you right away that I’m not the right person. First of all, I work for the publication Clarice, that has a print run of no more than forty thousand copies each week. Second, I’ve been working as a journalist for only two and half years, and don’t have enough experience. Third, I think that you need a detective and not a journalist.”
Bertha persisted. “No, no! You must believe me. We need a person like you. Please, promise that you’ll at least try. Think about it. A story like this could increase the circulation of your magazine.”
“Sure, if it were interesting. But wait. Slow down. First tell me why the police haven’t arrested Benny since you’re so certain he’s the killer.”
Bertha explained. “My husband and I spoke to special agent John Pickens. We told him everything about Benny, but he shut us up. He said there was no evidence against him. But they didn’t even search his apartment, nothing. That’s because I brought them everything on a platter. They told me they had other murders to investigate and that everything would be settled in due time. Yes, that’s what they said to me. Do you know how many murders remain unsolved in America? I cannot let that happen.”
“What if we wait another week? Maybe they’ll find the killer in that time. Only a week has passed since the murder.”
“No, that won’t work. The longer we wait, the more likely it becomes that the murder of my sister will never be solved. I’m sure that Benny is destroying all the evidence. If the police had searched his apartment immediately, they might have found something incriminating, but now it’s probably too late. His car should also be searched. Maybe there was some blood there or something else.” She pushed aside some hair that had fallen into her eyes.
Anya said, “I don’t know what to tell you. I’ve never done anything like this. I’ll say it again, you need a detective, not a journalist.”
“You don’t understand. If we send a detective to Benny, he won’t want to cooperate. He’s not stupid. If he can trick the police, he can do the same with a detective. He would react differently if you visited him, a woman. Please promise me you’ll at least try. Just one visit? What would it cost you?”
“You’re right. One visit would cost nothing. Though I also think it’s unlikely he’ll tell me anything. I’ll have to tell the owner of the magazine about it. I won’t do anything without her permission.”
Bertha said, “We would be so grateful.”
Anya asked, “Do you know where I can find him?”
Hunter got up for a blank piece of paper. His wife wrote an address on it. “He lives on SW Clay Street.”
“I still don’t understand why you’re so certain he committed the murder.”
“Patricia and I weren’t only sisters, we were also good friends. We talked a lot—” Bertha’s voice broke and she started to sob violently.
Hunter covered his eyes with his hands.
“Hold on,” Bertha said through her tears, “I’ll calm down. I … can’t believe she’s gone. We talked about Benny for hours and hours. That man had problems. He is extremely aggressive.”
“Why do you think he did it?” Anya asked again.
Bertha sniffled and stopped crying. “Look, I can’t tell you all the details that Patricia confided in me, but this man is sick. That’s all I can tell you. Something happened to him that frazzled his nerves. He lost control of himself. You must go visit him. Then you’ll understand everything.”
“Alright. It would be best if I go now. I’ll speak to the owner of the magazine and see if she’s interested in the story. If she’s for it, I’ll call you and, of course, Benny. And we’ll find out if he’ll even see me.”




Chapter 6
___________________



Suburban houses reflecting the sunlight lined both sides of the street where Anya walked. Joyful children kicked a soccer ball and yelled at the top of their lungs. Anya was amazed that none of the neighbors looking through the windows of the houses said anything. She noticed an elderly woman behind one of the windows. The woman stared straight ahead, her head bobbing. A heavy man smoked a cigar on a terrace. A few houses ahead, two teenage girls stood in a doorway whispering into each other’s ears.
A large, worn sign with the words “Auto Mechanic” loomed three buildings away. Relieved when she arrived, she pushed through the heavy metal door.
“Hello there,” a young man said pleasantly. “How can I help you today?”
“I came to pick up my car.”
“Oh, the old Opel. Yeah, it’s ready.”
He stared for some time at the computer screen, typing out a receipt. “We had to put in a new starter,” he said. “Here you go.”
When she saw the amount on the bill, she smiled. It was less than she’d expected.
“Special service for a special customer,” he said, handing her the keys to the car. “I’m sorry you had to wait ten days. Unfortunately, we don’t have reserve parts in our inventory for this kind of car. If you need anything else, feel free to call.” He gave her a business card.

*

“Where are you rushing off to?”
Anya was near her car when she heard the familiar voice. “It’s you, isn’t it?”
She was looking at the man who had helped her in the parking lot. He was dressed in jeans and a green shirt with the number five on the back. She wondered if he played with some sort of local soccer club.
“Are you disappointed?” he asked. “By the way, my name is Andrew.”
“I’m Anya. What are you doing here?”
“I know the owner of the garage. You were just talking to him. I come and visit occasionally.”
“Oh.” She snapped her fingers. “That’s why he said special service for a special customer.”
“Can I invite you for a drink?” Andrew smiled. “There’s a nice little place not far from here.”
She glanced down at her watch. “I’d love to, but I have so much work.”
“You couldn’t take time for one little coffee? Where do you work that they put so much pressure on you?”
That remark made her smile. “Nobody is pressuring me. I have a job where you have to get projects done in the shortest possible time. Otherwise the opportunity is missed.” She had no intention of telling him what she really did. “But I could use a cup of coffee. If nothing else, it will wake me up.”
“Let’s hurry, then.”
The bar where they went was crowded. A waitress came to their table. “What can I get you?”
“Two regular coffees, please.”
When the waitress had gone, Anya asked Andrew, “Do you work nearby?”
He didn’t answer for a moment. “This is my place. I’m the owner.”
She opened her eyes in surprise. “A bar owner? I never would have thought that.”
“Why not?”
“Oh, no reason.” She looked around. “Judging by the number of customers, I’d say you were sitting on a gold mine. How do you do it?”
“Thanks. That’s nice of you. But it’s not as great as it looks at first glance. Now it’s break time and everyone who works nearby comes in for a quick one. An hour from now it won’t be nearly as full. I can’t say that things are bad, but they’re not that great. I survive.”
“I see.”
The waitress returned with their coffees.
“I never had the chance to thank you for your help ten days ago. I’m so grateful.”
“Oh, it was nothing. It was my pleasure.”
She lifted the cup of coffee and had a sip while allowing herself to take a long look at the man opposite her. Like last time, he was unshaved, with unruly black hair. His strong chin emphasized his masculinity. He sat with his legs uncrossed and one hand on his knee. Like some kind of cowboy, she thought.
She decided she’d better get back to work. She had never imagined that she would be spending time with someone who owned his own bar. Such a person was an idler, in her opinion, who had nothing else to do but sit in his own place and pour drinks.
“What part of town are you from?” he asked.
“NW Nineteenth Avenue,” she answered.
“It would be nice if you came to visit again, though you’re not really close by. But who knows? Maybe you’ll be in the neighborhood again one day.”
“I’ll definitely drop by if I’m in the neighborhood,” she said honestly, though she knew it was unlikely. She rarely came to this part of the city.
“It’s nice to have someone to talk to.”
She drank the rest of her coffee and said goodbye. “Thanks again for everything. It’s really very nice here.” She said the last merely to be polite. The bar struck her as dark and dingy. “So we’ll see each other next time.” She stood up from the table and picked up her raincoat that she had laid on the chair.
She thought about Andrew as she drove to work. He’s a nice guy, and quite attractive. She thought about his unbelievably strong arms. There was so much hair growing on them that even his shirt could not conceal it. But he’s not at all my type. I want to meet an elegant and successful man who knows what he wants in life. I don’t want a man who pours himself a drink and moans about how boring life is.




Chapter 7
___________________



During the time Anya Horvat had worked as a journalist, she had proven herself to be dedicated and hardworking, so much so that the owner of the company, Pamela Barry, had given her an office next to her own and allowed Anya to decorate it to her own taste. The office was small and equipped with used furniture. Anya had put two landscape paintings on the wall and flowering plants on her desk. The view of the street was nothing spectacular: she looked out onto a toy factory. Nevertheless, Anya felt good in her office and knew that many of her colleagues didn’t have the same luxury. They worked in a large common space on the other side of the building and were constantly in each others’ way.
She was working on an interesting article about how contemporary women used their free time. She wrote that they had less free time at home than men did, despite the fact that women worked outside the home as much as men.
“I see you’re writing, Anya. When you’re done, would you come into my office, please?”
Anya turned her head and saw Pamela Barry. “Yes, I’ll be right in. I’d also like to talk to you.”
She went into Pamela Barry’s office a half hour later. As always, she looked around the modestly furnished space that contained a simple desk and two cabinets. The furniture was cheap and brown and the floor was partially covered by a round, worn rug.
Pamela Barry was a woman with an impressive appearance. She was imposing with her upright posture and decisive eyes. She was sixty years old, but because of her short light hair and five facial cosmetic surgeries, she looked twenty years younger.
When Anya sat down, Pamela said, “I don’t know how to say this so it will be less painful for you, and for me. I am very satisfied with your work and I know that you are extremely diligent. It would be hard for me to find a better journalist.”
Anya felt goose bumps rise on her skin. She sensed bad news.
“I’ve been thinking for the last couple of weeks about what I should do and the more I think about it, the less smart I feel. The fact is I can’t hold on for much longer. The income from the magazine doesn’t cover expenses. If a miracle doesn’t happen, I’m going to have to close the magazine in three months.”
“Close the magazine?” Anya echoed, horrified. “You never mentioned that we were in trouble. Is it that bad?”
Pamela sat hunched and despondent. “I didn’t want to burden you with these problems. I was certain that they’d gradually work themselves out. It looked good for a while. Each month we sold more copies. But unfortunately the situation has gotten worse in the last five months. Sales have begun to fall.” She sighed. “We don’t have money and soon I won’t have enough to meet the payroll. I think it’s best to be honest with you.”
“Does that mean you won’t be needing me anymore?”
She continued with difficulty. “No, Anya, I need you very much, but soon I won’t be able to pay you and I feel obligated to tell you. It’s right that I give you fair warning because I respect you and like you. I think it would be good if you started to look for a job elsewhere. I’ll only be able to pay for your work for another three months, and—”
“Three months?”
Pamela nodded sadly. “I mortgaged the house and took a loan. I’ve covered the losses with that money, but it’s almost gone.”
Each of the women sat in their place for a while.
Finally Anya spoke. “Alright. I’ll start to look for another job. I’m very sorry for you and for Clarice. We all tried so hard.”
Pamela silently nodded.
Anya said, “Today I had a very unusual conversation. I spoke with the sister of Patricia Bellows. I don’t know if you’ve read about her. She was found murdered in her apartment.”
“Yes,” Pamela said.
“She says she knows who killed her sister and the police are doing nothing. She pleaded with me to speak to a man named Benny Martin who she is certain is the murderer. I advised them to find a detective—her husband was there too—but she insisted that I go and visit him at least once.”
Pamela’s weary eyes became attentive. “Of course, I’ve read about Patricia Bellows. What a tragedy! And you say that her sister has given you the exclusive rights to look into the truth about her death?”
“We didn’t talk about exclusive rights. I told her I needed to talk to you first.”
Pamela sat up straighter. “You might be able to save us with this. My God, this is unbelievable. Why didn’t you tell me before?”
“We’ve never written about a murder in Clarice before. That would be a bit unusual for our readers.”
“I don’t know, Anya, maybe. The fact is that if we don’t do anything, the magazine won’t exist anymore. Go visit Benny Martin right away. We shouldn’t miss this opportunity.”
“What do you mean, right away? I’m working on that article about women’s free time. Maybe I should finish that first.”
“Forget that article. Go see him right away. Try to find out who killed Patricia Bellows.”
Anya wanted to say something else but Pamela immediately seized her hand. “Quickly! There’s no time to lose.”




Chapter 8
___________________



Bertha Hoff waved to the guard at the entrance to the psychiatric hospital and stood at the foot of the stairs. Memories of her sister weighed heavily on her heart. She needed some time before she continued up to the second floor.
Lisa Richards was nowhere to be seen in the office. Bertha noticed the pile of papers on her desk. Disorder always prevailed in this place, she thought.
She stepped into the large office where Patricia once worked and closed the door behind her. For a moment, she stared at the expensive furniture containing patients’ files and various books on psychiatry.
Bertha sat on one of the luxurious leather chairs and imagined patients sitting opposite her. A faint smile appeared on her face. She rose from her chair and went to the window. What a beautiful view. Patricia chose the very best office.
The door opened suddenly and Lisa Richards stepped in. “What on earth are you doing here?” she demanded.
Bertha saw a woman who was about thirty years old. She had an oval face, high cheekbones, and intelligent eyes. Her short and elegant cinnamon-colored hair framed her narrow face.
Not liking the tone of her voice, Bertha answered, “Why shouldn’t I be? She was my sister, after all. Do I have to ask permission to come here?”
“I beg your pardon, Mrs. Hoff. I didn’t mean it that way. I came in to water the plants and was startled when I saw you here. I’m really very sorry.”
The sharp expression on Bertha’s face softened. “That’s okay. I’m sorry that I startled you.” She stepped away from the window and sat down again on the leather armchair. “I came because I was worried. I was thinking about who … now that my sister …” Her voice broke and her mouth formed a narrow line.
“It’s a terrible tragedy,” Lisa said.
“I came because I was worried about who would run the hospital,” Bertha said.
“Oh. You needn’t worry about that. Everything is under control.”
“How do you mean?”
“Didn’t Patricia ever mention it to you? I have been managing the place since the beginning.”
Bertha could hardly believe it. How could she leave the management in the hands of a nurse? “I’m not sure I understand you. You mean you helped her with the management?”
“Not only helped. Patricia was occupied exclusively with the treatment of patients and I performed all the management work. That’s the way it was.”
“I see.” Why did Patricia never tell me this? Was she embarrassed because she didn’t know how to manage the business herself? “Who was in charge of hiring new staff?”
“Whenever we needed a new psychiatrist or nurse, I conducted the first interview and chose the most suitable candidates, and we made the final decision together.”
“So you were her right hand?”
“Yes, you could say that. In fact I did the work of a director, and everyone employed at the hospital will confirm that.”
“Yes, yes, I understand.” Bertha stood up. “If you have managed the hospital up until now, you shall continue to manage it. I have no intention of getting in your way, as you are clearly a very capable woman.”
Lisa nodded her head proudly. “I try.”
“I won’t take any more of your time, but there’s one more thing. A journalist named Anya Horvat who writes for the weekly magazine, Clarice, will be paying you a visit. Actually, you know her. She was one of my sister’s patients. I want you to speak to her. She is a very pleasant woman.”
“Alright, I will.”




Chapter 9
___________________



The news that Clarice might not be published for much longer sent fear up Anya’s spine. Astonished and shaken, she bought a bag of fruit candy and ate them with trembling hands. She was angry with Pamela Barry for letting such a situation occur. Why didn’t she warn me before? How will I pay the mortgage on my apartment if I lose my job? I would never have borrowed the money if I had any idea that things were going so badly. She knew the bank wouldn’t wait long, that they would throw her on the street and sell the apartment to the highest bidder. How is it possible that Clarice has financial problems? Oh my God, don’t let me get fired.
Anya wandered the streets aimlessly and wondered what she should do. She was terrified by the thought that she would have to start renting again. She ate most of the candy without even realizing what she was doing. She had a thick slime in her throat and suddenly felt thirsty.
She went into a store and bought a bottle of water. It struck her as expensive. I have to watch my expenses from now on. Who knows how long I’ll even have a job?
After this long exercise in self-pity, Anya decided to go and pay a visit to Benny Martin. In the end, Pamela Barry was still her boss and she had told her to investigate the death of Patricia Bellows, so she would follow instructions.
What is Pamela thinking? This is not the right work for me. How can she send me to the home of a suspected murderer? I’ll go see him today, but then I’ll start looking at the employment ads and find another job as a journalist.
She rang the doorbell with a trembling finger.
A hoarse male voice asked, “Who is it?”
She leaned forward and said, “My name is Anya Horvat. I’m a journalist and I would like to speak to you.”
“I don’t want anything to do with journalists. Go away.”
“Please speak to me.”
There was no response from the little speaker.
What should I do now? she wondered. She stood in the foyer of the multistory apartment building and looked around her. She pressed the doorbell again.
“Who is it?”
“I’ve spoken with the sister of Patricia Bellows,” she said quickly.
“What about her?”
She hoped this would work. “She thinks that you …”
“That I killed her.”
“Yes,” she admitted.
Another silence.
She opened her mouth to say something, but he did first. “Sixth floor. Apartment number sixty-five.”

*

His appearance surprised her. Because of everything Bertha Hoff had told her and because of his hoarse voice, she had created a frightening picture in her mind.
“Come in,” he said with an irritated tone.
She stared at his smooth face, amazed at its beauty. Benny Martin was an indisputably handsome man, with azure eyes and a military haircut. He wore a loose sports jacket over a tight shirt.
Anya stepped tentatively over the threshold, into the small apartment. “I should have called first,” she said.
He waved his hand. “So her sister thinks I killed her?”
She looked at him, wishing the interview would go smoothly. “Yes, she thinks you did it.”
“No wonder the police are constantly hounding me. I told them a thousand times I wasn’t at Patricia’s place that night.” He was silent for a moment. “And you want to write an interesting article, is that it? It’s hard to believe that journalists will take advantage of anything for their career, even death.”
“You’re mistaken about me! I was forced to come here. I didn’t want—”
“It’s all the same to me,” he said with a dismissive wave of his left hand. “What magazine do you work for?”
She was startled by his question. “For Clarice.”
“I’ve never heard of it.”
“It’s a very well-read magazine that’s getting more popular by the week.”
“I don’t really care.”
She stared helplessly into his eyes and wondered what she should say next.
“Do you know what would mean something to me?” he asked.
“What?”
“If you found my Patricia’s killer. That would mean something to me.”
“I’m going to try,” she lied. He was being so rude and unpleasant to her that she wanted to end the conversation as soon as possible and go home. The thought, I have to find a new job, bubbled up in her mind. “Do you have any clue who it might be?” she asked.
He answered in a barely audible voice. “I don’t know. I have no idea. My poor Patricia. I don’t know how I’ll survive without her.” His lower jaw began to tremble.
“I can ask around, if you like. Or perhaps it’s better if the police do that.”
“The police! You should see them. They’re brutes. They questioned me for so long, threatening me until I hardly knew what my name was. They’re here almost every other day and I’ll tell you honestly, I’m afraid of them. I’m really afraid that they might frame me.”
“Why are you afraid if you’re not guilty?” she asked, suddenly feeling curious.
“Because I was with her the day before she was murdered. How can I know what kind of evidence they’ll come up with? What if I accidentally touched a kitchen knife and it turns out the murderer used the same knife to kill her?”
Anya breathed out of her mouth. “That hardly seems possible.”
“I meant that as an example. I know I didn’t touch a knife, but still I’m afraid. One of the policemen said they had enough proof against me that they could have locked me up days ago.”
“So why didn’t they?”
“They told me they were collecting more evidence.”
“They’re probably playing games with you. They want to make you confess.”
“I realize that, but they need to solve the case. What will I do if they come tomorrow and arrest me? How can I defend myself?”
Something was not right. Why is he so afraid of the police? Anya wondered. She stared into his eyes and tried to find the truth. “If you like, I’ll ask around—although I have to confess I’ve never done anything like this before. And I would appreciate it if you confide only in me. I don’t want anyone else to get involved.”
“I can promise you that.”
“Alright. Then tell me, where were you on the evening of Patricia Bellows’ murder?”
He ran the fingers of his two hands against his forehead. “Oh my God. Poor Patricia. I can’t believe that ….” He stopped and closed his eyes. “I was home that evening. I called her on the phone.”
“What time was it when you called?”
“I don’t remember exactly. It must have been about eight.”
“May I sit here at the table?” Only now did she have the chance to look around. The apartment was very small, furnished with a gray-and-white couch set.
His hands fell from his face. “Yes, yes, of course. I’m sorry.”
She took a piece of paper and a pen from her purse and began to write. “Please tell me the telephone number you called.”
“I don’t know it by heart.” He went into the next room and copied the number onto a piece of paper. “Here.”
“Thank you. Can anyone confirm that you were home that evening?”
“No. I live alone. Nobody talks to me in this building.” Now he sat opposite her with his hands in his lap. “You’re asking me the same questions as the police. Didn’t I tell you that it wasn’t me? Why do you even ask?” he said.
He gets angry very quickly, she thought. “If you want to be excluded as the prime suspect, you have to tell me what happened. How do you think I can write an article if I don’t know anything about what happened that evening?”
He looked away from her. “Alright then. Go on. I’ll tell you everything you want to know.”
“I assume you were in a relationship with Patricia.”
“Yes, I was with her and loved her very much. I would have certainly asked her to marry me.”
“How did you meet?”
He shook his head and paused for a moment. “I had problems. I needed help. Patricia was a psychiatrist.”
“And you fell in love with her?”
“That’s right. I went to her twice a week. In the beginning it was pretty routine, but later ….” Benny left the statement unfinished.
“Why did you start going to her? If it’s not a secret, of course.”
He lowered his head. “You mustn’t hold it against me. It was personal. I can’t tell you right now. Maybe some other time, but not now.”
She put the paper and pen in her bag. “That’s alright. I’m tired too. But I’ll come again, maybe tomorrow.”
“I understand. Feel free to come.”
She was at the door when she asked him one last question. “How is it that you’re not at work today? And what is it that you do?”
“I have the week off since I’ve done a lot of overtime recently. I’m employed at a company that makes jewelry.”
“Well, thanks for everything.” She directed her gaze at him one more time. She noticed the tears shining in the corners of his eyes. She thought, Patricia’s death has hurt him terribly … though that doesn’t mean he didn’t kill her.

*

On the way home, she bought a newspaper for the employment ads. She sat down on an empty bench in Couch Park and began to read. Cars drove past her. People were returning home from work and the traffic was slow, stopping nearly every few yards. Many people vented their frustration by honking.
But Anya did not hear the cacophony. She slid her finger down the ads, panting slightly. With increasing alarm, she realized there wasn’t a single ad for a journalist.
She lifted her head and saw the rushing human forms in front of her. What should I do? I can’t survive without a job. I can’t let them take my apartment.
She nervously answered her cell phone, which had started to ring. It was Pamela Barry asking if she had gone to visit Benny Martin.
“Yes, I was there.”
“And? Do you think he might have killed her?”
“It’s difficult to know. As I said, this is work for a detective, not for me.”
“Oh, come on, Anya. What kind of questions did you ask?”
She started to discuss the details of the conversation. “He told me he wasn’t there the evening of the murder.”
“I see. Then it would be best if you went to the mental health center where she worked. You’ll certainly find something there.”
“Okay. If that’s what you want me to do.”
Pamela said goodbye, reminding Anya to stay in touch.
Calm down, Anya told herself. You have a job for three more months and you’ll still get paid. Calm down. Calm down.




Chapter 10
___________________



On Thursday afternoon, Bertha Hoff left her job early. She had worked quickly and diligently until three in the afternoon. On the way home, she stopped again at the psychiatric hospital.
Stepping from the car, she scrutinized the façade of the building. The marble is in good shape. A wise investment continues to grow. She noticed mud stains on the floor. That’s not right. Why didn’t anyone clean this up?
The guard, sitting in a chair at the entrance, addressed her. “Can I help you, Mrs. Hoff?”
She responded without looking at him. “No, thank you. I’m looking around a bit. Everything seems to be in good order.”
An elevator would be urgently needed, thought Bertha. Stairs are too much of an obstacle for the elderly and people with disabilities.
Bertha walked into an in-patient room in which two women were relaxing. “Hello,” she said quietly. “Please don’t let me bother you.”
Her eyes scanned the space. She noticed a band of dust on the floor. This place hasn’t been cleaned for quite a while. She knelt, peered under the beds, and noticed dust there too.
One of the patients asked, “What are you looking for?”
“I’m checking if this room has been cleaned lately.”
“The cleaning lady hasn’t been here for days.”
“I can see that,” she responded angrily. She inspected the window and concluded it hadn’t been washed for more than a month. “It’s a good thing you can see outside at all. Do you remember the last time it was washed?”
“No,” the two patients answered at the same time.
The condition of the next room was similar. The floor appeared clean at first glance, but she found streaks of dust upon closer inspection. I’ve seen enough. I’m going to see the nurses and find out who’s responsible for cleaning.




Chapter 11
___________________



Lisa Richards was deep in thought when she heard Mrs. Hoff enter. “Oh, it’s you, Mrs. Hoff. How can I—”
“I’ve been checking the condition of the rooms.”
“And?”
“I’m horrified. My home is far cleaner and I only clean once a week. Don’t let me speak about the windows. The glass hasn’t been cleaned for more than a month.”
Lisa seemed surprised. “I can’t believe it. It’s true that I’ve been extremely busy recently and haven’t had time to supervise ….”
“Miss Richards, you misunderstand me. I am not finding fault with you. I know how busy you are and I’m grateful for your efforts. But I am interested in who is responsible for the cleaning.”
Lisa sighed. “We have an outside company take care of it. We haven’t had any complaints until now. I don’t understand.”
“I also don’t understand. Patricia was obsessed with cleanliness and I know that the hospital was always tidy before. How could—”
“Look, Mrs. Hoff. I will call the cleaning service immediately and find out what has happened.”
“Good. That’s what I wanted to hear.”

*

When Bertha Hoff left, Lisa picked up the phone in a rage.
“Yes. Hello.”
“Tracy, I’m going to kill you. The minute I see you, I’m going to kill you.”
“What are you so upset about? What’s wrong?”
“I’ll tell you what’s wrong. The facility hasn’t been cleaned at all, that’s what’s wrong.”
“Oh my God, was there a sanitary inspection? How could that be? There was an inspection two months ago.”
“The inspectors didn’t come but Bertha Hoff did, Patricia Bellows’ sister. I haven’t gone to look, but apparently the floors are dusty and the windows haven’t been cleaned.”
“Oh, I’m so sorry. I promise I’ll do it. I haven’t felt the best this week and I haven’t checked my girls’ work. It will all be done by tomorrow.”
“Let me remind you that it was because of me that you opened your cleaning service and you are well paid for it. All you need to do is get off your fat, lazy butt and make sure things are cleaned.”
“There’s no reason to be upset. I promise I’ll take care of it tomorrow.”
“You bet you will!” Lisa slammed down the phone.




Chapter 12
___________________



Anya went to the office, where she immediately sensed the negative atmosphere. Her co-workers went about their work with grim faces. Clearly, Pamela Barry had told them the bad news.
In the ladies room Anya adjusted her hair with a few quick strokes and patted her cheeks with powder. She used a black pencil to outline her eyes and applied lipstick. She took one final look at her now impeccable appearance and gave a sigh of relief.
Anya then stepped into her own office. The best thing is to bury myself in work. If I think about the situation, I’ll panic.
Surfing the Internet, she was surprised to see how much had been written about Patricia Bellows. Many had praised her for how much she had helped them.
Apparently, she was a really exceptional person, thought Anya. What a pity she’s gone. She paused over an article that discussed a book titled The Contemporary Psychiatrist. It was immediately clear that the author of the book was Patricia Bellows. Unbelievable, the journalist thought. Some people are just achievers. It wasn’t enough for her to be a successful psychiatrist. She had to write a book too, that actually sold well. She gathered this from an interview where Patricia said that the book wouldn’t make her rich, but she was satisfied with sales.
There were also a number of photographs of Patricia Bellows and she was surprisingly beautiful. Her long, light-brown hair was neatly combed in all the pictures and her eyes looked gentle. The shade of makeup she used made her look like a little doll. Yes, she really was like a lovely doll. In one of the pictures she was accompanied by her sister, Bertha. Patricia was holding out her hand as if to congratulate her.
After two hours of searching online and realizing how successful Patricia Bellows was, Anya began to be genuinely curious about what happened. She set out to the psychiatric hospital where she met with Lisa Richards. Lisa told her that the business employed twenty-five employees of which eight were psychiatric specialists and psychiatrists, the rest nurses. Lisa categorically dismissed the possibility that one of Patricia’s patients might have killed her, saying that all of her patients were extremely satisfied with her care. In the end, Lisa also mentioned that Patricia had a friend named Susan Hastings with whom she occasionally met.
When Anya left the hospital, she decided to get in touch with her friend, Jane Wells. She’d seen her last six years ago when Jane had told her that she had gotten a job with the police force.
“Jane, I’m calling because I hope you can help me get certain information.” Anya told her she was investigating the murder of Patricia Bellows and that the prime suspect was Benny Martin.
“Hold on now! Slow down. Did you say you’re investigating a murder? I’m sorry, Anya, but I never would have imagined you doing something like that. Didn’t you always dream of a quiet life in the country? Once, you even said you wanted five children. Now you tell me you’re investigating a murder. You really surprise me.”
It occurred to Anya to tell her what had really happened. She was tempted to tell Jane that she had been forced into it. And that if she could, she’d get another job and forget all about it.
“I’ll try to find you some information about Benny Martin,” Jane said. “I finish work at five in the afternoon.” She told Anya where she worked. “You can wait for me there.”
“Wonderful. I’ll come at five.”

*

Jane Wells looked different than Anya remembered her. She weighed at least thirty pounds more than she had when Anya had seen her last, and instead of the long, light, wavy hair, she now wore a simple short cut. Anya had once been envious of her elegant appearance.
Jane came toward her with a wide smile. “I’m so happy to see you. You’re as pretty and perfect as a doll. You always have been.”
“I am too.” Because she didn’t know what else to say, Anya added, “I’m not used to you in a police officer’s uniform. It suits you.”
“Don’t lie, Anya. I’m as fat as a barrel. I can’t help it. Ever since I had my first baby, I couldn’t control it anymore.”
“You already have a child?”
“Yes, plus one more. I have two boys. They wear me down every day, until I’m absolutely exhausted.”
Anya sighed. She had wanted to have children. But you need a man to have them and she hadn’t found one yet.
“Come on. We don’t have a lot of time. Let’s go for a short walk, and then I have to pick up the boys from the day care center.”
“Of course, Jane. I don’t want to keep you.” Then she asked her, “Did you find out anything?”
Jane nodded and pulled a piece of paper out of her pocket. “I have some information, but you must promise not to make it public. Use it to help in your investigation—”
“Don’t worry, I won’t publish anything.”
“Alright. So, Benny Martin. He was brought up in an institute for orphans after his parents and his uncle died. He’s been arrested twice, once because he beat up his neighbor and another time because he punched a man in the stomach.”
This guy is dangerous, Anya decided. “What do the police think? Why don’t they arrest him?”
“A colleague of mine is working on the case, but I don’t get along with him very well. You won’t be able to convince me to talk to him. He’s one of those male chauvinists who believes that women belong in the kitchen and shouldn’t have anything to do with being in the police force.”
“I see,” Anya said, feeling disappointed.
“I’ve heard that your Benny Martin is the prime suspect, but they have no concrete evidence against him. That’s all.”
“What does the coroner say?”
“The murderer stabbed the victim in the stomach, which is clear from the deep wounds. After that, she lost consciousness and no longer defended herself. Her fingernails were whole and undamaged. You probably read what happened after that, in the papers. She had fifty-seven cuts all over her body, made by a knife. The only part of her body where there wasn’t a single wound was her face. That remained untouched.”
Anya felt sick. “My God, the things people do.”
“And there’s something else. Because of the way the wounds were inflicted, the coroner believes the murderer was left-handed. I don’t know if Benny Martin is left-handed or not.”
“Did the police find the knife?”
“No.”
“It was probably a patient with a terrible psychopathic condition. Don’t you think?”
“I don’t know, Anya. You’ll have to figure that out for yourself. I must admit that you’re quite courageous.”
Anya opened her mouth, wanting to say that she really had no interest in this sort of work. But Jane handed over an empty piece of paper. “What’s this?”
“I want to help you, Anya, but I don’t want to lose my job. Please write on the paper that you won’t mention my name in any publication. You can understand. I mean, you are a journalist.”
“Don’t worry.” She placed the paper against the nearest wall and quickly wrote out a few sentences. At the bottom, she signed and dated the statement. “I’ll probably need to ask you more questions sooner or later.”
“Call me. Now I have to go. My kids are waiting. Good luck!”
“You too,” said Anya.




Chapter 13
___________________



Anya went to speak with Susan Hastings at her home. She was pleasant company, with thin hair down to her shoulders, chiseled cheekbones, and round glasses like John Lennon used to wear. She was dressed in a brightly colored caftan and three strands of glass beads. Her home was decorated with a red, blue, and silver color scheme, and Asian furniture featured in most of the spacious rooms. Abstract paintings hung on the wall and long, heavy curtains blocked out most of the daylight, which served to emphasize the paintings which were lit by small halogen lights.
Anya sat on a rattan chair. The scent of Indian incense filled her nostrils. “Oh, how nice it smells here.” Then she told Susan that she wanted to write a story about Patricia Bellows.
Susan, who had sat down not far from Anya, responded that she had been horrified by Patricia’s death. She added that she hadn’t heard from her for three weeks before that time because they had quarreled about the man Patricia was seeing.
Anya pricked up her ears. “Can you tell me who the man was?”
“Of course. His name was Benny Martin. An incomparably primitive man.”
Benny Martin again, Anya thought, while feeling her stomach sicken.
“I don’t know what she saw in him.”
Anya decided not to beat around the bush. “Do you think he might have killed her?”
Susan frowned for some time. “Given his behavior, it wouldn’t be surprising at all.”
“What do you mean by that? Did you have a bad experience with him?”
“Unfortunately,” she said, and nodded. “I was at Patricia’s place chatting with her. She mentioned that Benny was coming over in about an hour. But when he called, she suddenly decided she didn’t want to see him. When I left a couple of hours later, someone followed me in a car. I didn’t think about it at first, but later I connected the two incidents. I met Benny downtown when I was shopping. I could have sworn he followed me. Otherwise it seemed like such a strange coincidence to meet him. At first he was pleasant enough, inviting me for a drink, but when I declined he became nasty. He said that Patricia didn’t want to get together with him because of me. It was really strange. I felt like a little girl getting scolded at school. I cannot describe how angry he was. I remember, most of all, his eyes. I thought he was going to hit me.”
“Did you tell Patricia?”
“Of course. I called her the same evening. At first she didn’t want to believe me, but then she said she’d speak to him. Well, something else happened that night. My phone rang six times and when I answered, no one was there. I was certain it was Benny Martin. Believe me, that man is dangerous and sick.” She stared sadly at the floor. “I warned her he was dangerous.”
“And that’s why you argued?”
“Yes, because of him. A week later when I was at her place, the phone rang. Patricia was in the bathroom and asked me to answer. When no one spoke, I was certain that it was him again.”
“Why did you think that?”
“Because two days later someone slashed all four tires on my car and left me a message: ‘Revenge is sweet.’ I’m sure it was him.”
“You didn’t see him?”
“No.”
Anya looked around the space where they were seated. Bright-colored pictures of various sizes hung on the walls.
“I’m a painter,” she said.
“They’re very beautiful,” Anya commented. “Do you sell them?”
“Of course, though I can’t live on it. I inherited some money from my parents that collects interest. I live off that.”
Some people have all the luck, Anya thought. “So,” she said to refocus, “do you know how many times a week Patricia saw him?”
“Not more than twice. She was very busy. Even I saw her only once a week. I often went to her job and we had lunch in a nearby restaurant.”
“Did she tell you much about him?”
“Very little. She said he was gentle. She didn’t say much more.”
“May I call you again if I need to ask anything more?”
“Certainly. Whenever.”

*

Walking toward the bathroom, Anya ran her fingers through her dark-brown hair. She undressed and threw her clothes into the laundry basket. She turned on and adjusted the water for a warm bath and added a few pinches of bath salts.
Then she went back to the kitchen and made a sandwich with cheese and lettuce. She took a bite before she poured a glass of orange juice and sipped at it. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the sweet yet tart taste. I was really hungry, she thought, totally starved.
As she finished eating, the bath filled. She brought the refilled glass to the bath with her. The phone rang as she set the juice down. Anya rushed to the living room to pick it up.
“Hello,” she answered with irritation.
“It’s Andrew. I hope I’m not bothering you. I called you several times.”
At first she didn’t know who it was. She remembered the Andrew with whom she’d had a drink in that dark and dingy bar, but this voice sounded different. And besides, where did he get my phone number? “Which Andrew?” she asked.
“I helped with your car. Don’t you remember?”
“Oh, it’s you. Of course I remember.”
“I hope you don’t mind that I called. I had a nice time with you yesterday. I wanted to tell you that.”
She had to think about what to say. “Just a moment. You caught me at a bad moment.” She carried the phone back to the bathroom, took off her panties, and slid into the tub. “Okay. Now I can talk.”
“I got your number from my friend who fixed your car. You aren’t mad at me, are you?”
“No, no, it’s fine,” she said, more out of politeness than sincerity. She felt a pleasant tingling on her body. The hot water made goose pimples rise on her skin and she sighed softly.
“If I’m not mistaken, you’re in the bath.”
“Yes, that’s true,” she admitted. It felt so good that she closed her eyes. The warm water always made her feel soft all over.
“Then I won’t trouble you.”
“How are things going in your bar?” she asked, afraid he’d hang up.
“Very well, thanks. It was pretty full when I left not long ago. Did you have a hard day?”
She exhaled through her nose. “I have had a hard day, believe me. And I think tomorrow will be even worse. I don’t even like to think about what’s going to happen.”
“That’s the way it is these days. We’re all too burdened with work.”
Who says so? she thought. He has nothing to do but check that everything is running alright. She pinched her knee because she was having shameful thoughts. “It will get better,” she lied. “I have a lot to do at my job at the moment.”
“I wanted to invite you to dinner, but if you’re so busy I’ll call another time—if that would be alright with you.”
She had to smile as a new wave of goose bumps spread over her skin. “Why not,” she said, and hung up the phone.
She couldn’t stop smiling the whole evening. When he calls me the next time, I’ll tell him I have no intention of getting together with him. I admit he’s attractive, but that’s not nearly enough for me.




Chapter 14
___________________



Despite her shorter than average height, Katherine Fogg was extremely attractive. Her wavy dark hair and full curves drew the male gaze. At thirty-two years old, she had been working for seven years as a psychiatrist. Sadly, she had fallen in love with Dr. Lan Hampton, who didn’t seem to have any interest in her. Katherine was not attracted by his appearance, but by his velvety voice. He spoke softly and calmly, and when he looked at her with his serious, penetrating eyes, she felt her cheeks redden and hot streams course through her body. How many times had she turned away because she couldn’t bear his eyes on her?

*

“Lan, I hope I’m not bothering you?”
Dr. Hampton was writing at his desk. “No, not at all, Katherine. Take a seat. I’ll be finished in a moment.”
“Can I bring you some coffee or tea?” She took him in with her eyes. Even though he was some eight years older than her, she found him more attractive than younger men. He had a smooth face, a somewhat high forehead, forceful eyebrows, and warm, timid eyes. She also liked to watch his large, well-shaped hands with which he gestured as he spoke.
“You’re very kind. A coffee would be great.”
Pleased that she could be of help, she hurried to the kitchen. On the way, she overheard Lisa Richards talking to someone on the telephone, and remembered that she wanted to ask for some vacation time. She stepped into her office and waited for Lisa to put down the phone.
“Hi, Lisa. I don’t want to bother you because I know you have lots of work. I’m going to be moving in a couple of weeks and I wanted to request a few days off.”
“There’s no way,” Lisa answered.
“What do you mean?”
“I can give you one day at the most. I can’t do more than that. As it is, you’ve taken only 10 percent of Patricia’s patients.”
“I have enough work of my own,” Katherine retorted angrily.
“That’s not your decision; that’s management’s decision. What should I tell all the patients who are having difficulties? Shall I tell them that you are moving and we don’t have time for them? I’m sorry, but you can have only one day of vacation. When things are a little calmer ….”
It was on the tip of Katherine’s tongue to ask what management she was referring to, but she didn’t. “Alright. Then I’ll have to move in one day.”
“I’m sorry.”

*

With a frown on her face, Katherine brought two cups of coffee to Dr. Hampton’s office.
“That woman makes me sick,” she said.
Lan put his pen down and looked at her. “What woman?”
“Lisa. Just now I asked her for a few lousy days off because I need to move, and she turned me down. Can you imagine?”
Lan waved his hand. “Don’t worry about Lisa. She’s under a lot of stress at the moment. Journalists are constantly calling and asking difficult questions.”
Katherine calmed down at the sound of his smooth voice. “Maybe you’re right. I didn’t really choose the right moment.”
He smiled, revealing his beautiful white teeth. “Where do you have those glasses that look so nice on you?”
Her cheeks reddened. “Don’t make fun of me. I have to look serious at work.”
He asked, “How are you, Katherine? I haven’t seen you very much recently.”
She felt encouraged. “That’s because we work from dawn to dusk. How about if we go out for a drink? Today or tomorrow? A little rest and relaxation couldn’t hurt.”
He cleared his throat and said, “I’m a little tight with time this week. Maybe next week.”
She swallowed and nodded slowly. She had needed so much time to gather her courage and invite him, and now this. … “Alright,” she said, “then some other time.” She glanced at the wall clock. “I have to go. My next patient is already waiting.”
“Okay. Come by again soon.”
When she arrived in her private office, Katherine took several deep breaths. First, Lisa had rejected her request for a few days off and then Lan rejected her. Tears of sadness and anger rose to her eyes. At last she collected herself, put on her glasses, and opened the door for her next patient.




Chapter 15
___________________



“Oh, it’s you,” said Benny, opening the door.
It was immediately obvious to Anya that he was drunk. “I’m sorry, Mr. Martin. I wanted to ask a few more questions, but I can come again tomorrow.”
He stepped back from the door. “Let’s get it over with. It won’t be any easier tomorrow.”
Looking at his weary eyes, she wondered if these could be the eyes of a killer. She took a deep breath and chased away the cloud of fear that had gathered around her heart. “Alright, if you insist. I should have called ahead. Please accept my apology.”
He answered her with a dry smile. “It doesn’t matter. I’m not doing anything other than wallowing in the past. Apparently I’m not meant to live a beautiful life.”
Anya quickly stepped inside and was overwhelmed by the smell of alcohol. She sat on a chair next to a tiny table and marveled at the undersized apartment in which he lived. “I wanted to ask you what you thought of Patricia’s sister.”
“You mean Bertha?”
“Yes.”
He went to the refrigerator for another bottle of beer, twisted off the top, took a long swig, and placed it on the table near the crowd of empties.
“As far as I’m concerned,” he said while sitting on the other straight-backed chair, “she’s a selfish bitch.”
“Why do you say that?”
His lips stretched into a scornful smile. “I don’t know. I’m rarely wrong about people. I didn’t like her from the minute I saw her. She has a certain way of speaking, and there were other things.”
“Where did you meet her?”
“It was somewhere in the city. Her husband was padding along behind her like a trained dog. That didn’t seem normal to me. Then I saw her again at the train station.”
“What exactly didn’t you like about her?”
“The questions she asked. I hardly had time to answer the first one, when she asked another. As if she were Patricia’s guardian.”
“She was probably worried about her. Why do you think she’s a selfish bitch?”
“Because everything had to be her way. Patricia called her for every little thing and always followed her advice. We even argued about it once. I told her she should stop calling her sister because she was getting bad advice. But she ignored me. She told me not to interfere in their relationship. And so that’s what I did. I didn’t interfere anymore.”
After he spoke, he guzzled a long swig of beer.
Anya noticed he was left-handed. “What about Susan Hastings? What can you tell me about her?”
“Susan Hastings? Like Bertha. Another selfish bitch.”
Apparently all women, except for Patricia, were selfish bitches, Anya thought. “How did you get that opinion about her?”
“I admit I have problems. That’s why I went to see a psychiatrist, but compared to hers, they’re not worth mentioning. Even Patricia said that Susan could be a real pain.” He smiled. “That woman lies around at home all day, pretending that she’s painting. It’s been a long time since she’s painted anything. Actually she’s hiding from the world, completely depressed. I saw with my own eyes Patricia writing her a prescription for antianxiety medication. She’s a mess.”
“So why did Patricia spend time with her?”
“I have no idea. I didn’t want to interfere.”
“Susan told me that you once followed her into the city.”
“She’s really nuts.” He flashed another smile. “I mean, come on, even Patricia reproached me for that. I didn’t follow her, I swear. I happened to be in the city that day and, out of politeness, I invited her for a drink. Then I couldn’t get rid of her. For almost two hours, she told me how lonely it was in her house, how she needed friends. I knew exactly what she was doing. She wanted to get me into bed.”
Who’s lying now? Anya wondered, and said to him, “She told me that you called her several times that same night.”
“I called her? I can’t believe it. She called me. I don’t even know where she got my number, but when I got home the phone was already ringing. I had to listen to her for the next half hour. She twice repeated that she was home alone. Of course, I didn’t take her up on it.”
“She told me you slashed her tires.”
“That’s more proof that she’s sick. I was never at her place. I don’t even know where she lives.”
Anya had a feeling that he was the one lying now, but she didn’t dare say so. “One more thing interests me,” she said. “You have a record for being in jail twice. The first time, you fought with a neighbor, the second time you hit someone in the stomach. Is that right?”
The smile on his face had disappeared. “You really don’t pull any punches, do you? Apparently I’m the prime suspect. But the problem is, you don’t have any proof against me.”
She looked at him fearfully, not knowing whether to confirm or deny it. Of course, he’s the prime suspect, she thought.
“I loved Patricia. I would never ….” His voice broke.
“Then why were you arrested?”
“I’ll never convince you. You have your own picture of things. I already told you that I’m not perfect. I get angry quickly and I know that’s not good. That neighbor was constantly bothering me. He crossed the line one day. And as for that other guy that I hit in the stomach, I admit it was a mistake. I had had a bad day, I was nervous, and when he started with me, I couldn’t control myself. What else can I tell you?”
She put down her pen and asked her final question. “Then, do you have any idea who did kill her?”
His gaze rested on the stove. “I’m always thinking about it. If I knew, I’d personally go and kill the guy. Believe me, I wouldn’t wait for you to find him. I’d strangle him with my own hands.”
“So there’s not even one person you suspect?”
“Patricia didn’t talk much about herself. You know how psychiatrists are. She’s the one who asked the questions. As far as I’m concerned, it must have been one of her patients. Who else?”
Anya thanked him again for talking with her and wished him a nice day.
Walking toward her car, she felt a terrible anxiety in her gut.
I haven’t figured out anything at all yet. The killer might be Benny Martin, but it might be someone else.




Chapter 16
___________________



Just as Bertha Hoff was ready to go home, the head of the department threw a pile of papers on her desk and said he needed them to be completed that night. She was so angry that her body temperature shot up and, to make things worse, she broke the nail on her middle finger as she clumsily opened the drawer of her desk. More than anything else, she wanted to run after him and throw the documents at his head. But she restrained herself and looked at the papers for a moment to figure out what exactly he wanted of her. Then she got to work.
Bertha had always been a capable and quick worker. She did the most important and sensitive work in the morning and the remainder during the day, which is why it had never happened before that she had to stay later than anticipated. To the contrary, her boss was disorganized and, in her opinion, incompetent. He had been promoted only because he was a man and he worked long hours. I can’t do that because I have two kids, she reasoned. That idiot never thinks ahead. Someday, when my nerves really get the better of me, I’m going to tell him exactly what I think of him.
When she had finished the paperwork, she drove toward the psychiatric hospital in a bad mood. As she drove, she thought about all the difficulties that had occurred since her sister’s death. I don’t trust that Lisa Richards. How could Patricia allow the whole place to be run by a woman who has only finished nursing school?
At the traffic light, Bertha nearly rear-ended the car in front of her because he had stopped too quickly. “Idiot!” she cried. “How did you even get a driver’s license!”
Well, why not, if the woman is capable? she thought. Education is not the only condition for a high level of professionalism. But something tells me that this Lisa Richards is not the right one for the job. And I intend to find out if that’s true.
She picked up her cell phone. “Yes?”
“When are you coming home?” her husband asked.
“I can’t say exactly. I’m on my way to the hospital now.”
“What? You’re going there again? But weren’t you there yesterday and the day before yesterday? They’re going to think you don’t trust them.”
“They can think whatever they want. And I don’t trust them. Especially not that nurse that I told you about.”
“I still think you should leave them alone. They know what they’re doing.”
“I don’t think so, Hunter, and you know it. I just got here, so I’ll see you in about an hour, I guess.”
She greeted the guard and walked toward the kitchen, where food was being prepared for the patients.
“Hello,” Bertha said to the staff as she stepped into the kitchen. “I’m Patricia Bellows’ sister. Who’s the boss here?”
Everyone turned to look at her, and a man of about forty years old nodded. “That’s me.”
In one blink, Bertha looked him up and down and determined that his clothes hadn’t been in a washing machine for some time. He was unshaved and with a hoop through his left ear.
“I’d like to inspect the kitchen,” she said.
The man wiped his dirty hands on his pants and shook her hand. “Yeah, of course. I’ll show you around.”
He turned toward his team and introduced each one individually. They all seemed surprised at the turn of events. Bertha took inventory: two female cooks, three male cooks, and three female helpers. “I assume the assistants are responsible for keeping the kitchen clean.”
“That’s right.”
She stared at the dirty stovetops and wondered when they had last been cleaned. She gathered her courage and opened one of the large refrigerators. With her mouth hanging open, she picked up a tomato that was half rotten. “This belongs in here?”
“Of course not, ma’am. I’ll throw that away.”
Next she grabbed a head of lettuce, the leaves of which had started to turn brown. “This lettuce isn’t good anymore. Who takes care of the vegetables?”
“Maybe we bought a little bit too much this week.”
“Don’t you buy vegetables each day?” she asked, disgusted.
“That would take too much time.”
She closed the refrigerator. “Where do you keep the bread?”
He pointed at a stainless steel cupboard. They walked over to it and he opened the door. She touched one piece, which was obviously stale.
“This bread isn’t fresh,” she said.
“It should be fresh.”
“It should be but it isn’t.”
He turned sharply toward one of the assistants. “Go out and buy some bread immediately. The patients must have fresh bread. How many times do I need to say it?”
Bertha rubbed her fingers along the filth that had accumulated on the edge of the cupboards and couldn’t believe that Patricia had allowed it.
“Fine. I won’t trouble you anymore. I actually came because I wanted to get something to eat.” She pointed at the meat frying on the stovetop. “I’ll have a bit of steak and some vegetables, a small portion. No potatoes. Where’s the dining room?”
“This way.”
He led her into the next room, where twenty tables were set with silverware.
The first table she approached was covered with crumbs. “Who’s responsible for serving? I’d like to speak to that person.”
A young man, no more than thirty years old, approached her. “May I help you?”
She introduced herself. “When do you serve dinner?”
“Between seven and eight in the evening,” he answered pleasantly.
“Are the tables ready now?”
“Of course.”
She pointed to the crumbs. “Is that clean, in your opinion?”
The young man blushed. “I’m sorry. It’s not been wiped.”
She saw a knife at a setting place that had a piece of dried food on it. “Would you want to eat with this knife?”
“Of course not. I’m sorry. That shouldn’t have happened.”
She sat down at a table by the window. “I ordered a steak and vegetables. I’ll eat it here.”
“Of course, ma’am. The food will be ready right away. I’ll serve you myself.” He turned to leave.
“One more thing.”
The young man turned.
“Don’t chew gum, please.”
At that moment, Lisa Richards appeared with a broad smile on her face. “Oh, Mrs. Hoff. You’ve come to try our food. How nice!”
Bertha was so angry that she didn’t even greet the woman. “Who is responsible for the food and service here?”
“Why? Is something wrong? We have a contract signed with an outside company.”
“I’m no expert, but I can tell you that the hygiene is at the lowest possible level. The fruits and vegetables in the refrigerator are rotten. The bread is old.”
“That’s terrible. I will personally look into it. But the patients all seem to be quite satisfied with the food.”
“I’m not speaking about food. I’m speaking about hygiene,” she responded sharply. “I’ll tell you something, Lisa. Just because Patricia Bellows is no longer here does not mean that the staff can do whatever they want. If you don’t supervise them, you will have no authority.”
The waiter served the steak. “Shall I bring you a salad or a drink?”
“No, thank you, given the state of the refrigerator, I’ve lost my appetite for salad. But I would like to have a glass of strawberry juice.”
The young man bowed politely and withdrew.
“I’m going to call a meeting with the director today. I’ll threaten to hire another company,” Lisa said.
“That’s what you should do. Such mistakes are unforgivable. Remember, every detail is important.” Bertha cut a piece of steak and put it in her mouth. It took her some time to chew and swallow. “I’m sorry, but this meat is very tough. It’s almost inedible.”
Lisa didn’t say anything.
“Oh, never mind. I’m not hungry anymore. I wanted to see how the kitchen was run. I recommend that you personally supervise these areas.”
“You’re right. I’ll be more attentive from now on. Though, as I said, we’ve had no complaints.”
Bertha waited for the waiter to bring her juice and drank it in one long gulp. She pushed the plate of steak to the side. “The vegetables have a strange taste, as if the oil is old.” Then she stood up. “I expect some changes around here!”




Chapter 17
___________________



Lisa squeezed her fists together as she watched Mrs. Hoff leave. Then the nurse ran up the stairs to her office. She rummaged through her desk with trembling hands, looking for a pill that would calm her down. She dialed a number.
“Yes, please?”
“Ryan, can you tell me why you’re not working?”
“What do you mean? I need a little break now and then.”
“I’ll give you a longer break if you want one. Bertha Hoff was in the kitchen. I just left her. She’s decided that the hygiene is a disaster, the fruits and vegetables are rotten, and the food is terrible. She even found old bread.”
“Slow down. I can’t understand a word you’re saying.”
Lisa repeated.
“She’s exaggerating, don’t you think?”
Without water, Lisa swallowed half the pill. “Let me remind you that your contract offers you excellent financial remuneration, and I except you to get control over this situation, otherwise—”
“Otherwise what, Lisa? I’ll remind you that you have a pretty nice financial package yourself. A share of profits also goes to your account—or did you forget that? In any case, you don’t need to yell. I messed up a little.”
A period of silence followed.
Ryan said, “I’m going to get dressed now and go check the situation. Tomorrow everything will be in perfect order.”
In a calmer voice, Lisa said, “The work isn’t done if you’re not here. Why do you think I’m here all the time?”
“I promise everything will be alright.”
“That’s what I expect of you.” She put down the phone and wondered what could possibly happen next.




Chapter 18
___________________



Why didn’t you trust me? Why didn’t you open up to me? thought Benny Martin bitterly. I tried every day. Every day I called you and told you that I loved you. Why did you have to be so secretive? Tears ran down his cheeks.
Hopelessly drunk, he stared into the empty bottle on the desk. His legs were resting on an open drawer of the desk that looked as if it might overturn at any moment. His head lolled backward and his gaze came to rest on a web being woven by a spindly spider. You’re my only friend. The only one that keeps me company.
Benny stumbled toward the refrigerator. A fourth beer will make me feel better. While he struggled with the cap, the phone rang. At first he wasn’t going to answer it, but then he remembered the journalist, Anya Horvat. She probably has some more annoying questions, he thought. She’s doing everything she can to find some proof against me. I’ll tell her where she can go.
“Hello.”
There was no sound on the other end of the line.
“Who’s calling?”
Silence.
He put down the phone and thought about Susan Hastings. That awful, selfish bitch.
When he was standing in front of the refrigerator once more, the phone rang again. He had to go back into the entry hall where the wall phone was affixed. “Who is this?”
He was certain he wouldn’t get an answer.
He asked again, “Who’s there?”
The breathing caught his attention. He pressed the phone closer to his ear. He thought he had drunk too much and wasn’t hearing very well.
Finally, a muffled voice said, “You will pay for your sins.”
“Who is this? What sins?”
The sound of the breathing made Benny’s skin crawl.
“You will pay for your sins.”
The line went dead.




Chapter 19
___________________



The reader picked up the diary, stared at the cover for some time, and then finally opened it and began to read.

I don’t know what Susan Hastings has against Benny. She’s constantly warning me about him. Why does she resent him? She told me that he threatened her on the street, but when I asked him about it, he said they had a pleasant chat. Then he supposedly called her at home several times. I don’t know why Benny would do that. And then she accused him of slashing the tires on her car. When she said that, I lost my cool. I told her she was jealous of him because I didn’t have as much time for her anymore. I can’t help it if she’s all alone in her house waiting for me to call. She should find someone. I’m still angry today when I think about it.
Benny warned me many times about Susan, but at first I didn’t want to believe him. He told me she’s sick and needs a psychiatrist. Recently, I wonder if there isn’t some truth to his words. Susan really should find a man of her own. If not that, she should at least get out more. I’ve decided not to think about her anymore. She’ll have to get along without me.
That night we had dinner at a seafood restaurant. I forgot about what happened with Susan and I started to enjoy myself. I remember how Benny kept looking at me with his blue eyes, how he kept smiling at me. It made me feel warm all over and I told him to stop. He told me that it wouldn’t be possible because I’d captured his heart and no woman had ever done that before. After hearing that, I felt even warmer.
What do I see in him? Susan says I’m in love with his looks. But I don’t agree. Benny is certainly a handsome man, but that’s the last thing that interests me. What I like most is his secret tenderness, the sensitivity he shows now and again. The more he trusts me, the more I feel the softness of his heart. He’s rough and aggressive, but that’s a consequence of his past. Inside, he’s as gentle as a child and he’s embarrassed about that.

The reader, upset by the words and sentiments on the page, put down the diary. Then the reader suddenly struck the nearby cupboard, grabbed the diary, pushed it back under the bed, and quickly left the bedroom.




Chapter 20
___________________



Dr. Lan Hampton had just finished up with his patient when Lisa walked into his office.
“I’m glad you came,” he said.
Lisa closed the door behind her. “Patricia’s sister is driving me crazy. She’s constantly nosing around.”
He untied his tie and laid it on the desk. “What are you waiting for? Come close and warm me up.”
She sat on his lap. “You think of the silliest things. I’m filled with worries about this place.”
He unbuttoned a few buttons of her blouse and slid his hand inside. “So it’s all the more important that you relax.”
She made a move to get his hand out and he withdrew it. “Slow down,” Lisa said, “I came here to talk.”
“I can’t resist you. That’s my problem. Tell me what’s bothering you.”
“Work. I have so much work I don’t even know where to start.”
Lan knew Lisa was exaggerating. She’d had similar eruptions whenever she felt overworked. “As always, you fix things so that everything’s all right in the end.”
She leaned her head against his neck. “That’s true. But I’m not paid enough to deal with all this pressure. Sometimes I’m so mad I can hardly—”
He opened the last button. “Relax.”
“I can’t. I have too much work. Some other time.”
He pulled her toward him. “No way. I’m a psychiatrist and I know what you need. This will relax you.” He started to kiss her breasts.
“Stop, Lan. You’re tickling me. I really need to go.”
“Calm down, it’s evening. You can do everything tomorrow.” His warm lips moved across her soft skin.
“Well, maybe.”
“Relax ….”
“Oh, Lan. I really can’t resist you.”

*

That evening, Lan had arranged to have dinner with Lisa. They met in the lobby of a restaurant called the Gray Hunter, which was known for serving bear and other game.
He was tense. He had been with her for over a year and he thought that the period was long enough for two partners to know each other and make a long-term commitment. He had been dreaming of the day when he would admire Lisa in a magnificent wedding dress. She would gently murmur “I do,” and he would kiss her. I want a family and children. If I don’t marry now, I never will.
He also wanted them to live together. He didn’t like that they slept in their own apartments and saw each other only occasionally. Twice he had suggested that she move in with him, and both times she said she wasn’t ready. He had decided to put more pressure on her, come what may.
“Is everything alright?” he asked as he escorted her to their table.
“No, it’s not.” She told him about Bertha Hoff’s visit to the kitchen.
“Was it really that bad?”
“Yes, it was a terrible mess,” she admitted.
“And what did you do then?”
“I called Ryan and told him off. He promised it would be fixed by tomorrow.”
“So there’s no more reason to worry.”
Lan thanked the maître d’ as Lisa tossed her purse onto the table. Lan held the chair for her to be seated and took a seat opposite her at the small round table.
“I don’t know what’s coming next. Bertha Hoff doesn’t like me, I’m sure of that.”
“Oh, come on, Lisa, that’s not true,” he said. “She cares about the hospital, that’s all. Do you think she doesn’t realize how much effort is needed to run the hospital? I’m sure that the next time she comes, she’ll find something positive.”
“I hope so.”
“You’re a capable manager and we’re all happy to have you.”
Her eyes softened. “Oh, Lan, you’re so sweet.”
When the waiter arrived, they ordered drinks and food at the same time.
After a while, Lisa said, “Thanks for inviting me to dinner. Recently, I’ve only thought about work. I have no time to relax. We used to go out more often, remember?”
“Of course I remember.” He put his hand in hers. “Lisa, how long have we been going out together?”
“I think about a year,” she answered.
He said, “We’ve been together thirteen months and twenty-two days.”
“Yes?”
“You mean all the world to me.”
“I really like you too, Lan.”
He put his hand in his pocket and reached for the small box, which he placed on the table. “Lisa, would you be my wife?”
“What’s this?” She opened the box. “Oh, Lan, I wasn’t expecting this.”
“You don’t need to answer me today. But promise me you’ll think about it.” He looked proudly at the white-gold ring with three shimmering diamonds.
“It’s very beautiful. That must have cost a fortune.”
“Money doesn’t matter.”
She looked around. “You really surprised me.”
“Promise you’ll think about it.”
“I—”
“Promise.”
“Okay. I’ll think about it. You know I love you, but a wedding …”
The waiter served their drinks and left. In silence they tasted their drinks.
“I feel so tired,” Lisa said suddenly.
“We could go to Hawaii. That would be a wonderful place for a honeymoon.”
She smiled fleetingly. “It really would be wonderful. But impossible at the moment.”
The waiter brought the food, and they began to eat.
They’d been chatting for an hour when Lisa covered her mouth to yawn. “I’m sorry, but I’m so sleepy.”
“Then it would be best if we went home.”
On the way to the car, Lan said to her, “If you like, you can come sleep at my place.”
“I’m sorry, but I’m so tired.” She lifted her hand and looked at the shimmering ring. “Thank you for the beautiful gift.”



Chapter 21
___________________



Lisa got into her car and sped away from the restaurant.
At the first stoplight, she picked up her cell phone. “Ryan, are you home?”
The voice on the other end of the line said, “Yeah, I’m home. Do you want to come for a drink?”
“Yes, with pleasure.”

*

The sound of water told her that he was in the shower. “Ryan, where are you?”
He didn’t answer, so she went into the bathroom.
“Lisa, is that you?”
Through the misty glass, she admired the outline of his muscular body. “Yes, it’s me.” She hung her jacket on a hook and undressed.
Completely naked, she opened the transparent shower door and felt a blast of steam strike her face.
“Lisa, what are you doing in here?”
“The hot steam feels good.”
He smiled sarcastically. “But you know what the consequences will be?”
“That’s exactly what I want.”
She spread the fingers on her hand and took another look at the shining diamond ring before stepping into the shower.




Chapter 22
___________________



Anya couldn’t stop thinking about Patricia Bellows and her short life. Despite all the programs on television, not a single one was interesting enough to distract her from her worries.
She leaned her head back, closed her eyes, and bit her bottom lip. How ridiculous life is. Is it even worth living? A person tries and tries, but all in vain.
Anya opened her eyes and looked at the picture on the wall. What if I’ll have to move? What if I have to sell my apartment?
Her right hand hung down toward the floor. She was completely limp and without energy. If only I weren’t so lonely. All my former schoolmates are married and have children. I’m the only one who is alone and it’s all my fault. There’s obviously something wrong with me. I act so stupidly and then men run away from me.
She went into the kitchen and filled a glass with red wine. A sip will put me in a better mood.
But an hour later she felt even worse. She lay limp on the couch and stared at the ceiling. I wish I were dead.
She poured herself another glass.
After two long sips, she felt more relaxed.
On her third glass, she heard the phone ring. Who could be calling me at this hour? she wondered. She counted to ten but the ringing didn’t stop.
“Hello.”
“Hi. It’s Andrew.”
“Oh, it’s you.” She put her wine glass down on the glass coffee table. “Didn’t we speak yesterday?” she asked cynically. She was irritated with him for calling her two days in a row.
“I thought …”
Immediately sorry for her harsh words, she said, “Oh, there’s nothing wrong with that.”
“I didn’t want to—”
“It doesn’t matter. I was bored anyway, going through the channels on the television.”
“Tomorrow is Saturday,” he said. “I thought that maybe … I would invite you to lunch.”
She tried to think about her plans for the next day, but because of all the wine she couldn’t concentrate. She usually went to work on Saturday morning, though no one required that of her. She usually wrote an article, though tomorrow …. “Sure, why not? I’d love to have lunch with you.”
He was so happy that he thanked her profusely. They decided the place and time.
“Good night, then,” he said.
“Good night,” she said, and then poured the remainder of the wine into her glass. Andrew was not really her type, but she accepted because of her mood that night.
She was tipsy and started talking to herself. “There’s always something you don’t like with men. How do you ever expect to get pregnant that way?”
A half hour later, her head was spinning so much that she could barely make it to the bathroom.
“I’ll go to lunch with you tomorrow, Andrew, and then I’ll die.”




Chapter 23
___________________



Lan was on duty at the mental health center on Saturday morning. While sitting and sipping his coffee, he looked out the window at the roofs of the neighboring buildings, which had a golden shine to them. The leaves in the crowns of the trees were light green, some fading to a pale-yellow hue.
Then he stood up and opened the window wide. He took a breath of fresh air and held it in his lungs. He remembered the breathing exercises from yoga, how people should breathe slowly and deeply.
He held his coffee cup in his hand and admired the city as it woke. The streets were filling with cars. He knew that some people got up very early to get the most out of their Saturdays, and the stores had already opened their doors.
He left the window open and began to organize the papers on his desk. He hadn’t straightened up in several days and it seemed like a good time to do it. Just as he was really getting into the swing of it, he heard a knock at the door.
“Yes, come in, please.”
Katherine Fogg came in and closed the door. “Hi, Lan.”
“Oh, Katherine. You’re here on Saturday?”
She shrugged her shoulders. “Unfortunately, I’m up to my ears in work. So I asked some of my patients to come on Saturday. You know that Lisa Richards scolded me for only taking 10 percent of Patricia’s patients.”
“Yes, I remember.”
“And you, Lan? You’re practically glowing. Did something happen?”
He smiled mysteriously. “I …” He put down the paper he was holding in his hand. “Let’s not talk about—”
“Your eyes are smiling all the time. You don’t want to tell me about it?”
He stared at her for a moment and then nodded. “Only if you promise me to keep quiet about it.”
“If you don’t want me to, I won’t tell anyone.”
He lifted his chin and said, “I’ve asked Lisa to marry me.”
Her face stiffened and her mouth slowly closed. Finally she said, “I didn’t know you two …. How long?”
He glowed even more. “We’ve been together for more than a year. You didn’t know that?”
“Of … of course not,” she said. “But, Lan, are you sure Lisa is the right woman for you?”
“I don’t understand.” He had expected her to be happy for him.
“I somehow don’t see you as a couple.”
Only then did he realize that he’d made a mistake. He remembered that Katherine had asked him out for a drink only last night. He had thought it was simply a friendly invitation, but now ….
A long silence followed.
“I want to tell you something, Lan, that you probably won’t like.”
“Of course,” he said coldly.
“I don’t know how you could have been a year together, because only a month ago I saw Lisa with Ryan Fletcher.”
He was suddenly attentive. “What do you mean?”
“Like I said. I sort of caught them ….”
“What?” he asked, his voice more somber.
“It was late. I was hungry. Because nobody was around, I went into the kitchen and saw them kissing. I’m sorry, Lan, that you had to hear this from me, but I—”
“No, no, that can’t be true.” He shook his head slowly. “Lisa loves only me.”
“Look, I’ve already said too much. You must promise not to tell Lisa. She didn’t see me then, and I slipped out of the kitchen.”
“I won’t tell her,” he said almost inaudibly.
She patted him on his shoulder. “I’m sorry.”




Chapter 24
___________________



The sharp banging in her head painfully reminded her of the drinking the night before. Holding her head, Anya barely managed to lift her aching body out of bed and get to the bathroom. She poured herself a glass of water with trembling hands and sighed with relief when she found that she still had pain relief pills. As she swallowed the medication, she held on to the sink, fearing that otherwise she’d fall to the floor. She put the glass on the washing machine and sat on the edge of the bath.
For three minutes she breathed in and out, until the feeling of nausea passed. Finally, she said to herself. It would probably be best if I went back to bed. She looked at the clock in the bedroom. It showed nine o’clock. It’s not normal. You slept so long because you drank too much.
She lay in bed for another half hour, until her headache subsided. Then she went back to the bathroom and took a bath.
In the kitchen, making her coffee, she remembered the invitation to lunch. I never should have accepted that invitation. She tried to recall his face. She frowned, as the thought of him gave her an unpleasant feeling. She would have cancelled the lunch, but she didn’t have his phone number. Damn it! This is all I need now!
Later she managed to call information. She asked for the telephone numbers of two neighbors who lived on the same floor where Patricia Bellows had lived. I’ll call and ask if they are willing to talk to me about their neighbor. If not, they’ll certainly tell me so.




Chapter 25
___________________



Lisa Richards went to her cosmetologist for a facial. While the woman was looking for the best cleansing milk, Lisa grimly studied her face in the mirror. She noticed some wrinkles that she hadn’t seen before. Worries and sleepless nights had left their consequences on her skin.
But today is Saturday, she said to herself. A day to relax.
She decided that she’d go to the hairdresser and have her hair done. Then she would go to a boutique and pick out some nice clothes. She often consoled herself with clothes. Although her closets were full to bursting, she bought something new for herself almost every Saturday. She had more than forty pairs of shoes, and about the same number of leather handbags, and a huge chest full of sweaters. She especially loved to buy pantsuits. She had seven leather jackets and more than thirty silk blouses.
The problem was that she had no room for all the clothes and had to iron what she wore each morning. She knew it wasn’t normal. She had once promised to talk to Patricia about her bad habits because they caused her bank account to be overdrawn.
When the phone in her handbag rang, the cosmetologist handed her the bag.
“Who would call me on Saturday morning?” Lisa didn’t recognize the number. “Hello!”
“It’s Bertha Hoff.”
It felt like a cold shower. “Yes.”
“I’m sorry to bother you. I called your job first and when I couldn’t get you, I asked the security guard for your personal telephone number.”
The cosmetologist put on Lisa’s plastic cap.
Bertha Hoff said, “I spoke to the head accountant, Marsha Odom, and asked for a report of expenses in the current year.”
How dare she start rummaging through the accountant’s records? Lisa thought. Aloud, she said, “And?”
“When I looked through the accounts, I noticed that we spend an incredible amount on painting. I had the same opinion of the laundering expenses. The numbers are abnormally high. I checked the price of other laundry services. According to my calculations, the hospital has thirty beds. Even if the bedding on all the beds were washed seven times a week, I don’t come up with the monthly figure that we are paying now.”
The cosmetologist asked, “Are you alright?”
But Lisa Richards did not hear her. A terrible anger was rising up in her and the worst thing was that she had to stay calm. “Patricia and I chose all the service companies together. It’s true that in the beginning we went with the least expensive, but later we realized this had both positive and negative sides. That’s why we ended up going with one of the highest-quality laundry services.”
“According to the accounts, the painting of the hospital was supposed to be completed several months ago.”
“That’s right.”
“I’m standing in the hospital right now looking at the walls. At first glance, the painting is amateurish. I don’t know. I’m only saying what I think. I could be mistaken.”
What is she doing at the hospital again? “Look. We can hire another company if you like. Why not? I don’t know anything about that sort of thing.”
“Oh, Lisa, of course you don’t. You’re the last person I would reproach for anything. I needed to talk to you, is all. If I didn’t do it now, my whole weekend would be ruined.”
And now you’ve ruined mine. “Yes, yes ….”
“Please promise to check how much we are paying for painting and laundry services.”
“Yes, I will. Don’t worry.”
“Alright. Have a nice weekend.”
The cosmetologist asked, “Shall we continue now?”
“Yes,” Lisa said through clenched teeth.

*

Two hours later Lisa was at the hospital and burst into Lan’s office.
“What are you doing here? Oh, you have a new haircut!”
Lisa didn’t respond but told him that Bertha Hoff had called again. “That bitch dared to call me on my cell phone. She has something against me, I know it.”
Lan stood up and approached her slowly. “She doesn’t know anything about you. The next time I see her, I’m going to tell her how capable and hardworking you are.”
Lisa put her coat on the chair. “Thanks, Lan, for comforting me.”
“She’s worried about the hospital. It’s normal that she sticks her nose into things.”
“But I can’t work like this.”
He lifted his hands. “Come here. You need a massage.”
She looked at him for a moment, wondering what to do. Then she sat on his lap. “Yes, I do need to relax.”
After a few minutes of rubbing her back, he said, “There’s something I need to know, Lisa.”
She lifted her head, which had been resting on his shoulder. “Yes?”
“Are you seeing Ryan Fletcher?”
She jumped to her feet. “What? Who told you that?”
“It doesn’t matter who.”
“Of course it matters who’s spreading such lies.” Her hands were shaking. “I can’t believe it. That I would be with Ryan? Ridiculous!”
“Don’t get upset. I merely need to know.”
She took a step toward the door and then she stopped. “I know. It was Katherine.”
“No, no, it wasn’t her.”
“She came into the kitchen. She probably thinks I didn’t see her.”
“So you were kissing him?”
She waited a moment. “Yes, I did kiss him.”
A cold shudder ran through Lan. “How could you?”
“Ryan told me he had found a woman and he was going to get married. I kissed him to congratulate him.”
A sigh of relief followed. “Oh, that’s all it was. I knew it.”
“Today’s really not my day. First, Bertha Hoff calls and reproaches me for spending too much on laundry and painting services, and then you accuse me of having an affair with Ryan.” She grabbed her bag.
“Lisa, I didn’t want to upset you. Where are you going? Please stay!”
“You really did upset me. I thought we trusted each other.”
“But wait!”
The slamming door was her only reply.




Chapter 26
___________________



Anya didn’t learn anything of interest from Patricia Bellows’ neighbors. An older gentleman by the name of Winthrop lived alone and said that nobody but Benny had visited Patricia in the last few months. He said that Patricia was very kind and always behaved correctly. Then Anya visited another neighbor by the name of Marshall who was over fifty years old and likewise lived alone. He said that Patricia was impeccably put together but that she often came home quite late.
The next person Anya Horvat met was Molly Lasch, who had been the cleaning lady for Patricia Bellows. She lived in a faded row house that needed significant renovation. The surroundings were dirty, with a neglected yard in which a great deal of junk had been deposited. Anya noticed a couple of cars without tires, as if they were the start of a collection. She looked with horror at a fat woman hanging her laundry on a line between two metal poles, revealing to all her neighbors the kind of underwear her family wore. Two little children climbed around her legs, screaming at the top of their lungs.
Anya was lucky; Molly Lasch was a chatterbox who enjoyed attention.
“You say you work for Clarice. I’ve never heard of it. I’m going to buy it tomorrow.”
It’s no wonder the magazine’s doing so poorly, since nobody’s heard of it. My God, rather than running around interviewing people, I should be looking for a job. Who says I need to work as a journalist? I could do something else. With a polite smile, she sat down on the threadbare chair in the kitchen. “I’d like to know all about Patricia Bellows.”
“Will you say that you got the information from me?”
“Yes, if you like.”
“Alright, in that case, I’ll help. I love to see my name in print. I don’t get the opportunity very often.”
“I understand. I’ll mention it as much as possible.”
She patted her hair down with her hand. “What would you like to know?”
Someone in the neighboring room cleared his throat.
“That’s my husband,” Molly said with a nod of her head in that direction. “What is it, sweetheart? Can I bring you a beer?”
A hoarse voice responded, “Yeah.”
She smiled and took a can out of the refrigerator. “Don’t let him bother you.”
She was out of sight for only a few moments.
“So, how long did you work at Dr. Bellows’ apartment?”
“Five years, if I’m not mistaken.”
“Could you describe her for me?”
She closed her eyes and reflected. “Dr. Bellows was a very special person. I have never seen such an orderly and pedantic person in my life. Every one of her closets was organized to the nth degree.”
“I don’t understand. Didn’t you do the cleaning?”
“I never went inside the closets. That was our agreement. I cleaned only the floor and the external surfaces.”
Molly peeked into the living room. Anya also leaned forward curiously and looked in. Horrified, she realized he was wearing only his underwear and not even an undershirt. He was at least fifty pounds overweight and was leaning back in a corduroy lounge chair. He was staring at the television set, watching a soccer match.
Molly said, “I can tell you that every object was in a specific place. Dr. Bellows was so orderly that she never moved anything. I don’t know how she managed it, but every time I came, the apartment was in impeccable order, as if nobody even lived in it. Was she constantly cleaning it? I don’t know.”
“How big was her apartment?”
“Enormous!” Molly said. “A little less than two thousand square feet. In that building, everyone is rich, more or less.” She stared blankly. “I feel so badly for her. She was very kind and she paid me well. I have to admit that.”
Anya hoped that Molly’s husband would stay in the living room. She had not the slightest desire to meet him. “You were the one who found her that morning. The scene was terrible, wasn’t it?”
“I wish I could forget it; it was horrifying. She was drowning in her own blood. That was why I lost control. I screamed and cried for help.”
“Did you see anything unusual that morning?”
“Of course I did. The door wasn’t locked. That seemed strange to me because it had never happened before. There’s a first time for everything, I thought, and started to clean the kitchen. I would never have imagined that she was lying dead in the bedroom. Though it’s true that I had a bad feeling. Something told me that everything wasn’t as it should be. And then you know what happened. When I stepped into the bedroom, I saw her.” She put her hand over her heart. “Thank God I didn’t faint, because it was so horrible.”
Anya distinctly heard the sound of Molly’s husband standing up and walking toward them.
“Ah, another journalist?”
She felt his gaze lingering on her breasts. Her hair stood on end.
“I won’t bother you. Make me a ham sandwich, honey.” He returned to his armchair.
The sight of the heavy man in his underwear unsettled Anya. She scanned her notes. “Let’s see, where was I? You said that Dr. Bellows was very kind.”
Molly took a piece of bread and cut it lengthwise. “In all my years, I’ve never met a woman so kind and self-possessed. You know, it never happened that she would be angry or in a bad mood. She was always calm and considerate.”
“I heard somewhere that she was extremely well put together and chic.”
“Oh, yes, certainly. She was very refined, a real lady. Her appearance was impeccable. She was rather similar to you, actually. You’re also perfectly put together, almost like a doll.”
Anya felt grateful for the compliment. “What about her social life?” she said. “Did you ever meet anyone at her apartment?”
She nodded sourly. “Only once. More than two weeks ago. When I came in the morning, a young man was there. He had slept in her bedroom. Dr. Bellows called me and warned me.”
Anya described Benny Martin.
“Yes, that was him. He struck me as arrogant and impolite.”
“Oh, really? What did he do?”
Molly furrowed her brow. “He slept for a long time. I cleaned the kitchen and the bathroom. You should have seen the mess he left behind after he ate breakfast, and don’t let me even mention the bathroom. He sprayed water everywhere so I had to clean all over again. I restrained myself for a while, but then I told him he should be more careful and at least clean up after himself.”
“And then?”
“He started to yell. I was afraid he would lose control. I thought he might grab me—he came so close to me. He told me that no woman had ever bossed him around and I wouldn’t either. Of course I apologized, but he didn’t calm down.”
“And then?”
“He grabbed my broom and threw it to the other side of the room. I was really frightened. What a brute! I ran and picked up the broom and apologized again. Finally he calmed down.”
“Did you mention the incident to Dr. Bellows?”
“No, I didn’t dare.”
“What about the police?”
“I did tell them.”
Anya thanked her for the sincere conversation. As she was leaving, Molly’s husband stood up and offered his hand, which only before he’d used to scratch between his legs. “Goodbye, young lady.”
“Goodbye.” She could barely say the word.
Trembling, she hurried out of the unkempt yard.




Chapter 27
___________________



The house where Lisa Richards had spent her youth was old and dilapidated. The smell of dusty, cheap furniture assaulted anyone who entered. The slippery parquet, peeling up here and there, squeaked grotesquely with every step. The kitchen was so ancient that rather than an electric range there was a wood stove. Only cold water came from the faucet because her father didn’t see the value in paying for a heater. In the middle of the kitchen was a large and worn wooden table. Beside it, a long bench was set against the wall. Pots and lids hung from the walls as decorations, which was the practice in farm kitchens in the countryside. Lisa had long felt embarrassed when anyone saw in what poverty she had lived. That was why she never invited anyone home.
From the doorway she called out, “Hello, father!”
The older man, who was preparing dinner, turned around. “Oh, Lisa, my little lollypop. It’s so nice you came.”
They walked toward each other. She hugged him and he kissed her on the cheek.
He said, “I never hear from you anymore.”
“I’m here because some troubles have come up.”
He moved back to the pan where he was cooking scrambled eggs. “Troubles? What sort?”
“You did a shoddy job.”
“I can see you’re in a bad mood. Maybe it would be better if you didn’t come at all.”
“You did a lousy job painting the walls at the hospital.”
“Who said that?”
“Patricia Bellows’ sister, who is constantly poking her nose around. She said that the walls were painted by an amateur.”
He lifted his hands in a sign of defense. “My dear daughter, let me remind you of the limitations you imposed on me.”
“What limitations?”
“Financial, of course. If I’m not mistaken, I had to give you half the money you paid for the job.”
“There was enough money left over.”
“That’s what you think. But I told you I had to buy the cheapest paint and cover it with my own money. I did honest work, and you won’t reproach me for a shoddy job. The results are to be expected, given the materials.”
She kicked the chair with her brand-new patent leather shoes. “Whatever. I came to tell you that I won’t be able to hold on much longer. I may actually lose my job.”
He shook the eggs onto a plate. “I’m planning on retiring anyway.”
She turned around. “I’m going home. You never knew how to comfort me anyway.”
“I don’t know what to say when you come in with such a bad attitude and then expect me to take all the blame. Even when you were little girl, you were careless that way, and you had such big desires—”
“I can’t listen to you anymore. Goodbye.”

*

In front of the house, she placed a call on her cell phone. “Ryan. It’s me, Lisa.”
“Hey.”
“Problems again. Bertha’s figured that I’m paying too much for your laundry services. She also thinks the work is badly done.”
A long, painful silence followed.
“Lisa, your Bertha is getting on my nerves. Don’t forget you’re getting something out of my laundry services too. I give you 10 percent of the receipts.”
“What do you mean, my Bertha?”
“I mean you’re not going to let her ruin everything, are you?”
“Listen, Ryan. I’m trying as hard as I can. But I can’t run the hospital if you’re not even taking care of the kitchen and the laundry.”
“Everything’s okay in the kitchen now. And I’ll have to talk to the girl who’s doing the laundry. Don’t worry. I’ll take care of my responsibilities. You take care of yours.”
She rummaged through her bag for a cigarette and lit it. Both were silent.
“Goddamn that Bertha!”
“Yeah, it’s true.”
Deeply inhaling on her cigarette, she said in a lower voice, “You know what, Ryan?”
“I’m listening.”
“It would be best if the same thing that happened to her sister happened to her.”
“Then we’ll have to take certain measures, won’t we?”




Chapter 28
___________________



Anya parked at the World Trade Center lot. What was I thinking when Andrew called? I feel exhausted and I don’t have the energy to meet him. Then there’s this damned investigation, which is hardly working out for me. Everyone praises Patricia Bellows sky high, and nobody tells me anything concrete. Apparently she had no enemies and no friends. She was extremely busy, working from dawn until dusk.
Busy? At least in that way, she was similar to me. Don’t I also work all day? And what do I gain from it? Soon I’ll be on the street. She gestured unhappily.
It’s not Pamela’s fault. If the magazine’s not working, it’s not working. I need to find another job.
She was feeling more and more bitter when her phone rang. Yet she found herself cheered up by her friend, Beth Higgins, who had fallen in love with a man from Australia and moved there to marry. For many years, they had stayed in touch by telephone, but then the calls had dwindled. Now Beth told her that she had divorced her husband and was living in Portland again.
“That’s wonderful, Beth!” Anya exclaimed.
A half hour later, they were hugging each other.
Beth said, “Actually, I don’t have a lot of time, only about an hour, because I’m having lunch with my mother.”
Anya looked at Beth. She had a short, black hairstyle. She hadn’t gained any weight and looked even better than before. “Oh well, I also have a lunch date with someone. If you like, we can meet for dinner or maybe tomorrow.”
They started to walk along the street side by side.
“You know, I met someone,” Beth said.
“Really? You’ve only just come back and you’ve already met someone?” Anya admired Beth. She never could find a suitable partner, but Beth had no trouble finding men.
“Actually, I’ve been here two months already. I intended to call you, but I wanted to be alone for a while. The divorce from Mark upset me. Plus, I had to find a job.”
“And did you?”
“Of course,” Beth answered confidently. “I got a job at the nursing high school. I’m teaching chemistry. And, as I told you, I’ve fallen in love with Erich.”
“I can’t believe it. It’s so great to see you.”
“And you, Anya? What about you? Did you find someone?”
Anya looked out demurely from under her eyelashes. “Oh, you know how I am. I have no luck with men. But that’s the least of my problems. I’m much more worried that I’ll be out of a job soon. The magazine I’m working for may file for bankruptcy.” Anya described the mess she was in. “My boss thinks a story about Patricia Bellows could be interesting. She hopes I’ll figure out who the murderer was.” Anya told Beth everything about Benny Martin. “Everybody thinks he killed her, but the police have no concrete proof. What if he did kill her? I can hardly imagine that I’ve been to see him twice.”
“Oh Jesus, Anya, be careful. This work really isn’t for you.”
“No, it’s not for me. But what can I do? If your supervisor demands something of you, you have to do it. There’s no way around it.”
“Sure, but if she’s sending you to see a suspected killer ….”
Anya covered her eyes with her hands. “If only I hadn’t taken a mortgage on the apartment. I can’t bear the thought of losing it. And the worst thing is that Pamela pays well. She’s never been cheap with me, and it never occurred to me that the magazine might be in trouble. If I had known, I wouldn’t have borrowed money for the apartment.”
“She pays you a lot because you work all the time. Whatever she pays you can’t be enough.”
Anya laughed. “It’s true. I work until eight every night. But what else do I have to do? Like I told you, I have no man to go home to.”
“Really, Anya, it’s time to find yourself a man. If you don’t, then I will for you.”
“If only it were that simple. Although I admit there’s something wrong with me. I was even going to a psychiatrist.” She smiled bitterly. “Until she was murdered, that is.”
“You were seeing Patricia Bellows?”
“Yes, and I can tell you I liked her. I would like to find out who killed her.”
“You won’t find anything out,” Beth said. “You’re going to start looking for another job.”
“I’ve already started, but there are hardly any ads for journalistic work.”
Beth pulled the want ads out of the paper and started thumbing through them. “I’m going to make a few phone calls.”
“Don’t worry about my problems. I’d rather talk about you. What’s your new man like? Where did you meet him? I hope you won’t move away again.”
Once Beth started talking, there was no stopping her. She told Anya every detail about Erich, from how he dressed to his favorite foods. Anya enjoyed listening. They walked for more than an hour and then Anya’s phone rang.
“Yes, Andrew.” She covered the mouthpiece and explained to Beth that it was her new admirer.
Beth responded enthusiastically. “What does he look like?”
“Not bad at all, though he’s not my type.” Anya put the phone back to ear. “No, I don’t think I can make it after all. I have lots of things to do and—”
Beth pinched Anya’s hand and she had to cover the phone again.
“You’re not going to cancel your date because of me. I have to go see my mother. Didn’t you say you were having lunch with someone?”
“Yes, but—”
“Then go!”
“But he’s not my type.”
“You’ll never find the ideal man. Go on your date!”
Anya was uncertain. “Alright, I will. But only because I’m so happy to see you.”
She had a sour expression on her face as she arranged the place and time to meet Andrew.
After the call ended, she said to her friend, “I hope he won’t get any ideas. It’s a friendly lunch, nothing more.”
Beth began to walk away. “Call me later tonight. I want to know how your new admirer turns out.”

*

Her heart was beating like crazy. She had to stop in the lobby of the restaurant to calm down for a moment. Why I am panicking like this? We’re just having lunch and spending a pleasant hour together.
An elegantly dressed waiter helped her out of her jacket. Andrew stood up when she came in, and he held her chair.
“How about if we break the ice right away and have a drink?”
“That’s fine with me,” she said coolly, studying Andrew’s appearance. His hair was too long for her taste. He was wearing a long-sleeved brown shirt and jeans.
The waiter brought menus. Anya looked around and saw that it was a spacious and pleasant restaurant. “I’ve never been here before. I simply can’t find the time to go out.”
“I have plenty of time and I love to go to restaurants.”
I would also like to go out more often, she thought. But then who would do all the work? “My problem is I’m too busy. I don’t take enough time for myself.”
“A person can change,” he said pleasantly.
Anya sensed the waiter behind her back. Andrew asked her, “Will a bottle of red Bordeaux be alright?”
“I won’t be able to drink half of it, Andrew.”
He winked at the waiter and nodded his head. “If we don’t drink it all, we can take it with us.”
“Okay, though don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
He ordered the rum-pepper steak entree, she the veal with pineapple and walnuts. For side dishes, both ordered mixed vegetables and potato pancakes.
Andrew was pleasant and smiled during the meal. Anya answered his questions briefly and to the point. On several occasions, she openly looked at her watch.
He told her that he came from Lebanon, where he had lived on a small farm. He talked and talked, and she listened absentmindedly. She was thinking about Beth.
When he told her that he had started a small company engaged in the import of toys, she seemed to get more interested.
“So you never inherited anything?” she asked.
“No, far from it. I worked like a dog to get where I am now. I sold the toy company and bought an apartment and a bar. A man only lives once, right? We can’t work all the time.”
Without thinking about it she drank the first glass of wine, and then didn’t decline when he poured her a second one.
“I can’t believe it. In a couple of years, you made enough money to buy an apartment and the bar. Tell me how it happened. How did you start? How much capital did you need?”
He told her that for a lousy ten thousand dollars he rented an office in Portland and started to work. “At first, I didn’t even know what I should do.”
“Did you go to business school?”
“Hardly. I finished high school. I didn’t feel like continuing my studies. I’m too lazy to go to college.”
“You must be incredibly bright,” she said sincerely.
He smiled. “I decided to go on a short trip to China, and that’s where I found the factory producing cheap toys. I signed a contract and started doing business with them. After two years I had six employees.”
“I can’t believe it. That’s know-how. I’m happy you succeeded.” She lifted her glass to her lips and stared intensely into his green eyes. How beautiful they are, she thought.
“I think I was pretty lucky,” he said. “I found a supplier with cheap and interesting toys. But the truth is, I worked from dawn till dusk. I rarely slept eight hours at a stretch in those days.” He told her he lived that way for five years, until he found a buyer for the company.
The waiter served the food.
“Thank goodness,” Anya said. “I was starving. I hope you haven’t heard my stomach growling.”
“No, I haven’t heard anything like that.”
She stood up from the table because it felt like her cheeks were burning. “I’ll be right back,” she said.
In the ladies’ room, she took powder from her purse. She had the feeling her face had gotten messed up and put it back in order with a few agile gestures. She put a little lipstick on her mouth and breathed deeply several times.
As soon as she joined him again, he said, “I’d like to hear more about you.”
She lifted her napkin with the tips of her fingers and then let it drop. “My story is not nearly as interesting as yours. I wouldn’t want to burden you with my problems.”
“I know how to listen. I’d very much like to hear your story, whether it seems interesting to you or not. So what do you do?”
“I’m a journalist,” she answered.
“That sounds nice.”
“I work for the women’s weekly magazine, Clarice. You’ve probably never heard of it.”
“Clarice. Oh. I’ve never bought it, but I’ve seen it on the newsstand. It has an interesting cover.”
At least one person noticed it, she thought. “That may be, but things aren’t going well and I’ll probably be out of a job in three months.”
“Oh.”
Anya told him what she was doing at the moment. “I’ve never investigated a crime, and it’s not going very well. I haven’t figured out anything yet.”
He nodded gravely. “Have you looked for another job? It doesn’t make sense to do what doesn’t suit you.”
She told him she’d looked at ads in the paper, but at the moment nobody was hiring journalists. “Honestly, I’m afraid. I worry about what’s going to happen because I have to pay a mortgage on my apartment.”
“I can understand your concern. You’re worried you won’t be able to make the payments, which is totally normal. That means you’re a responsible person. Now the only question remaining is whether you’re going to let other people run your life or are you going to take things into your own hands.”
“How do you mean?”
“If you lose your job, you have two possibilities: either you find a new one or let fate take its course.”
“If it were only that simple.”
“Wait, I’ll explain. You said that you have little time because you work so much. That clearly means you’re not afraid of work, and I’m sure that in the coming months you’ll find a new job. What I am trying to say is that you shouldn’t let fate push you up against the wall.”
She thought for a while. “Maybe not. I’ll have to do something. Even if I have to wash dishes in some kitchen.”
“Now you see. That’s the right answer. You’ll do whatever it takes to keep your apartment.”
She thought for a while. “The real problem is how to make my payments.”
“That’s not a problem. Banks are more flexible than you might think. A lot of people are afraid of them, though with no good reason. If you tell them you’re going to lose your job, they’ll certainly freeze your payments for a couple months, giving you time to find another job.”
“Do you really think so?”
“Of course. The bank wants to be repaid completely, interest included. If you were forced to sell your apartment, they would only get the principal, not all the interest you would pay in the coming years. So it represents lost income, not to mention all the difficulty they might have selling the apartment. Believe me, a bank will make a lot of effort before taking that step.”
How smart he is, she thought. “That sounds encouraging.” She was happy that she had spoken to him about her difficulties.
Her gaze slid down to his fingers. She was looking for a wedding ring. “Let’s not talk about my problems anymore. I’m grateful to you for lifting my spirits.”
They were both quiet for a moment.
When she lifted her eyes again, they caught his. They looked at each other for a long moment. She had the feeling that her hands were trembling from excitement. She made herself busy by taking a sip of wine.
Andrew continued the conversation by saying that he liked to travel. She also admitted that she would like to travel but didn’t have enough time or money. Later they spoke of other things. He told her what he most liked to do and she laughed, finding him humorous.
Because Anya felt so relaxed, she agreed to go for a walk with him after lunch. They ambled along the streets for nearly three hours before she felt her soles aching from her high-heeled shoes. She returned home at five.




Chapter 29
___________________



Benny felt bad that Saturday afternoon. He was afraid the detectives would pay him a visit and ask annoying questions. Three days before, they had interrogated him for four hours and his nerves had been frayed. After it was over, he was so destroyed he could do nothing but get drunk.
Now he lay on the couch, watched television, and drank beer. He wondered what he should do. The ringing of the telephone did not seize his attention at first.
Ten seconds passed before he finally noticed. Who the hell is it? It can keep ringing, for all I care.
It did keep ringing, and finally he jumped up as if he were on springs. He lifted the receiver and demanded, “Who is this?”
He heard only the sound of even, hollow breathing.
“Hello!”
The breathing again.
He yelled, “If I ever get my hands on you, not much will be left. I’ll beat you to a pulp. To a pulp!”
“You will pay,” a voice said.
“Yeah, yeah! Why don’t you come over here and we’ll see who’ll pay? I’ll kill you! I’ll cut you up into little pieces!” Benny slammed the receiver down and pulled the telephone cord out of the wall. “You won’t be bothering me anymore!”
He gulped the rest of his beer, grabbed his leather jacket, and headed out. I can’t stay in this damned hole even a minute longer.
He drove to the center of town at top speed. Benny opened his window and spit his gum out, thinking about what would happen if the police stopped him. Let them stop me, those stupid idiots!
He wondered where he should go. He needed some company.
After twenty minutes of driving, he thought of a bar that he hadn’t gone to for about five years. Girls who wanted a man’s company hung around there. Of course, you had to pay a certain amount of money. Years ago, when he was lonely, a friend had taken him there and he had chosen a beautiful blond girl. Though she emptied his wallet, he had fond memories of her.

*

He ordered a beer at the bar and looked around the place. It was almost empty. Four girls sat at a table in the far corner.
After a while, he gathered his courage and looked their way. The prettiest was a blond with long shiny hair. She appeared to be not more than twenty years old.
He stared at her and kept staring until she finally got up and joined him. She spoke so quietly that he could hardly understand her.
“My name is Benny,” he said. “I didn’t have anything to do today, so I came here. I haven’t been here for a long time.”
“I know,” she said. “You are very good-looking and attractive. I would have noticed you if you had been here before. My name is Aniela.”
He laughed out loud. “You’re also good-looking and attractive. Where are you from?”
“From Poland.”
He drank his beer to the bottom. “What if we go out somewhere? It’s dark and stinky in here. The sun is shining outside.”
“Why not? Do you have a place to go?”
“I have a place,” he said easily, though he had no intention of taking her home. That would be too dangerous. “We can go to my place some other time. Right now, I feel like going for a walk.”
She stared at his arms. “You’re really strong too. It almost scares me. Do you work out?”
“Yeah. I lift weights. So are you coming or not?”
“Yes, I’ll come with you.”
They went to a nearby park and strolled along a path. The light breeze was refreshing, and the singing of birds was in the air as the sun set.
“Hmm,” she sighed. “I haven’t been for a walk in a park in a long time.”
“How long have you lived in Oregon?”
“A little less than a year. I know that I speak badly.”
“No, no, you speak well. Only, your accent gives you away.”
She told him that she had studied two foreign languages in Poland. “I finished my studies in English and German.”
“And then you came here?”
“Yes. I only intended to stay one or two months, and now look at me. I’m still here.”
“I see that you’re not stupid. That’s not what I thought in the bar.”
She smiled. “I play dumb. Men seem to prefer that, don’t they?”
He laughed. “Tell me something about your country. What are the people like?”
“Not so different from here, maybe a little simpler.” She told him about herself. She spoke slowly, carefully picking her words. Later, Benny talked about where he came from and what he did.
“I have to go,” he said at last.
“Did I say something I shouldn’t have?”
“No, not at all.”
“Wait! Here’s my telephone number.”
He took the piece of paper. “Today I don’t feel so great, but don’t worry, I’ll give you a call.”
After he left, cruel thoughts passed through his mind: You’ll see, bitch. When we see each other again, I’m going to….




Chapter 30
___________________



Marsha Odom was a full-figured woman with a cloud of blond hair that framed her face. She had red cheeks and a small nose, on which a pair of reading glasses with thin plastic frames perched. She had worked as the head accountant at the psychiatric hospital for several years. Although it was Saturday, she was hurrying to work. Bertha Hoff had called her, asking to see the recent expense accounts. Of course Marsha resisted, telling Bertha she had a lot of work at home and that she would prefer to see her on Monday.
“I’m in your office right now,” Bertha had responded. “If you would tell me the code to open the program, I can do it myself. I’m familiar with computers.”
This frightened Marsha because one thing she didn’t want was for Bertha Hoff to be rummaging through her computer. “I’ll be right there,” she said.

*

She ran up the stairs and had to lean against the railing, out of breath and overcome by a dizzy spell. After a few moments Marsha entered her office.
“It’s very nice of you to come on such short notice, Mrs. Odom.”
“Why do you need the expense accounts?” Marsha asked.
Bertha picked up the elegant pen she found on the desk and weighed it in her hand. “There’s something I’d like to check.”
“I see. Last time, I printed out the general expenses for you. Were they alright?”
“It’s about that. Some seem too high to me. That’s my opinion, anyway, though I could be mistaken.” Bertha pursed her lips. “I’m also interested in salaries and a few other details. That’s why I’d like to examine all the accounts for the current year.”
Marsha hesitated. She’d tried to call Lisa on the way over but she hadn’t responded. “I don’t know. I think I should talk to Lisa Richards about it.”
“Why would you need to speak to her? Don’t you think that as Patricia Bellows’ sister, I have the right to an overview of the running of the hospital?” Her regard was stern and reproachful.
“Of course, you have the right, but—”
“Are you hiding something? If that’s the case, then …”
Marsha felt a cold shudder. “No, I’m not hiding anything. It’s that …. Wait one minute. I’m going to try and reach Lisa Richards again.”
Bertha lifted both hands. “Whatever you say.”
After waiting nearly a minute, Marsha said, “She doesn’t answer. I don’t know where she is.”
“The whole thing strikes me as suspicious.” Bertha picked up the jacket that she had draped on a chair and started to put it on. “Maybe it would be best that we take care of this on Monday, when Lisa Richards is also here. Clearly, I’m not important enough—”
“Wait a minute.” Marsha had turned on the computer. “Don’t get upset,” she said. “I’ll make you a copy right away. The last thing I want to do is cause a problem.”
Bertha put her jacket back on the chair.
When the program was loaded and the printer started to hum, Marsha Odom said, “It’ll take at least an hour. The hospital is large and ….” She turned toward Bertha Hoff and said, “You know, I had a very good relationship with your sister. I am so sorry.”
“I am too,” Bertha said, “I am too.”

*

Toward evening, Lisa finally picked up the phone. “Yes, Marsha, I saw that you already called six times. Is there something urgent?”
She told Lisa about Bertha Hoff requesting the copies of the accounts. “That’s why I called. I didn’t want—”
“I cannot believe that bitch.”
“I was really worried. But what could I do? You must tell me!”
“Worried about what?”
“Lisa, you know things are not being run the way they should be. If she sees all those transfers, it will be over for me.”
“Oh, come on, Marsha. You’re a competent woman. You managed to pull the wool over the eyes of the tax inspector, and now you’re worried about Bertha Hoff? She doesn’t know anything about bookkeeping.”
“The problem is she does know.” Marsha let out a long sigh.
“Don’t exaggerate. That cow is sticking her nose where she shouldn’t. When she sees that everything’s alright, she’ll stop. Don’t worry.”
Marsha hung up the phone and went back to her family. She couldn’t shake her anxiety until evening. Something told her that Bertha Hoff would not be satisfied until she found the first mistake. And then she’d want to find the next one and the next ….




Chapter 31
___________________



Anya wrapped the towel around her hair and walked naked to the mirror. She sternly studied her image. You’re no longer young, that’s obvious. Frowning, she lifted her drooping breasts. If you don’t find a man quickly, nobody will want you anymore. You wait for your prince on a white horse, who doesn’t even exist. You’ll end up bitter and alone.
Such thoughts often persisted in Anya’s mind. She worried that something was wrong with her and was at a loss of what to do about it.
She rubbed lotion on her arms and legs and the rest of her body. She washed her face with cleansing cream and applied nighttime moisturizer.
At 9:30 p.m., she remembered her friend Beth Higgins. “Hi, Beth, it’s me, Anya. I hope I’m not bothering you. … How was the rest of your afternoon?”
“Not at all. I’m glad you called. I just got home. Erich and I had a wonderful Saturday afternoon. And you? How was your date?”
Anya played it down. “Nothing special. We went to lunch and I have to admit the food was good. We ate—”
“I don’t care what you ate. I’d rather hear about Andrew.”
Anya had forgotten how direct Beth could be. “Oh, I don’t know. He’s an ordinary guy. After one date, it’s hard to know, don’t you think?”
“Oh,” Beth gushed, “that is encouraging. You said it’s hard to know after one date. So you’ll have to go on a second date. I have a sense that something’s going to happen. As far as I can recall, very few men make it to the second date with you.”
“Oh, come on, Beth. Don’t exaggerate. I don’t get together with men because I don’t need to. I know you think I’m picky, but that’s not true. I’ve usually gone out with the most primitive types who are only interested in sex.”
“I have the feeling that something’s going to happen—unless you’ve really changed in the last two years.”
“No, no, I haven’t changed at all. And I doubt that anything will come of this. Andrew’s not my type, as I told you right from the beginning. It’s true that some of what he said today really surprised me, but I still think we don’t have enough in common. The next time he calls, I’ll tell him I don’t have time.”
“Now, now. I’m going to give you some advice, Anya. Don’t make up your mind too quickly. Give yourself some time. Maybe you have a specific picture of him, but you can be certain that he didn’t tell you everything. I recommend you go out with him as a friend. Don’t assume he wants to get into bed with you. If he makes that move, you can say no. That’s the way men are. They don’t mean any harm.”
Anya considered these words for some time. “I’ll see. Just don’t push me.”
Beth sighed loudly. “Oh, I almost forgot. I looked through my phonebook. They need journalists at the Daily News agency. I think you should apply.”
Anya let out a cry of relief. “They need journalists?”
“Do you want me to call them?” Beth asked.
“Of course I do. Thanks a million.”
“You don’t need to thank me. I’m happy to do it. Be sure you make a good impression.”
They chatted for another fifteen minutes, during which Beth told Anya all the details of her afternoon with Erich. Then they said good night and promised they’d be in touch the next day.




Chapter 32
___________________



I don’t know why I record only important events in my diary. Yesterday, for example, was an ordinary day that will remain in my memory because of what happened last night. I went for a walk with Benny. Even while I’m writing this, my heart beats faster. Thinking about him makes my body feel different.
I keep asking myself if Benny Martin is the right man for me. I don’t think so. But all the same, something attracts me to him. Why am I unable to resist him? Why do I tremble every time I see him? So many whys, and I don’t know the answers. I only know that I feel good with him, that inside he is well meaning and honest.
Back to what happened last night. After a long day at work, I was exhausted and in a bad mood. I had some difficult patients who used up all my energy. I felt like a plant that had not seen sun or water for weeks. That’s why I decided to go for a walk before bed.
I was walking in Waterfront Park and thinking about my life, when somebody tapped me on the shoulder. It was Benny Martin, who had come out of nowhere and banished in a moment the bad mood that had settled over me. I had to take a couple of deep breaths because I suddenly had the pleasant sensation of goose bumps all over my skin and my heart was beating rapidly.
He was wearing blue athletic shorts and a sleeveless T-shirt. He was sweaty and the muscles on his arms and legs shone.
He said, “What are you doing here? Taking a walk?”
Staring at his powerful arms and still in shock at seeing him, I only succeeded in nodding. It was as if someone had taken away my power of speech.
“That’s nice.” He offered to accompany me.
Only then did I recover. I told him that I wanted some fresh air and had decided to go for a walk. I should have said I was on my way home. I shouldn’t have allowed him to start a conversation.
I don’t know how two hours passed so quickly. We started to talk and the time was gone. Everything was nice and proper—until he told me how much he loved me and how he wouldn’t survive without me. Thankfully, it was late and I turned toward home. I said I didn’t want to have an affair, that I liked him as a friend, and that’s how it should stay. I’ll never forget his eyes at that moment. Such a quantity of sorrow collected in them that I was sorry for every word I said. He looked as if he would cry. He looked at me painfully and said, “But Patricia, you really couldn’t.”
“No,” I said decisively. How could I have an affair with someone who had come to me for professional help?
His head drooped. “I knew you would turn me down.”
I walked faster toward home.
“But we’ll be friends,” he called after me. “Can we at least be friends?”
“Of course we can be friends.” I stopped walking.
Benny said, “I don’t want to lose you. I’m happy and relaxed with you. I want to stay good friends. I need you.”
I heard his steps behind me. I knew he was speaking the truth. I turned and took his hand. “I’d like to stay friends too.”
His eyes were filled with tears and, feeling his touch, I could hardly breathe.
I couldn’t fall asleep that night because of everything that had happened. I thought about his words. Over and over again I experienced the moment when he held my hand in his. It was as if I were watching the same movie a hundred times.
Later, when sleep finally came, I dreamed about how he looked at me. Wanting to comfort him, I stroked his cheek. His lips started to come closer to mine. I woke up excited.




Chapter 33
___________________



Anya opened the little window and felt the cold morning air. A faint breeze gently caressed her face and made her smile. What a lovely day. It’s a pity I have nothing interesting to do.
She strolled lazily into the kitchen.
A half hour later, she was dressed in pink cotton pants and a tank top with spaghetti straps. I’ll clean up the apartment.
Although she’d already cleaned a few days ago, the cupboards in the kitchen seemed dirty to her. Anya lived in a rented apartment the year before and Beth regularly came to visit. She never failed to praise her clean and well-ordered place. Anya could not escape the feeling that there was filth all around her. She became almost paranoid when she watched a special show about the germs that coexisted with people. When she saw all the dust and dirt that stayed in the mattress, she bought a special deep-cleaning vacuum cleaner and cleaned the mattress three times a week.
Anya’s eyes were inspecting a pipe in the bathroom, searching for the dirt that clung to the edges. She quickly squeezed a large quantity of thick cleaning fluid onto a sponge and scrubbed.
When she was done, she tackled the tiles. She scrubbed them with such force that she felt pounding in her veins. She had the feeling that the surface was losing its shine in comparison with when it was new. What if that’s the consequence of this endless scrubbing? she wondered. Or is the cleanser the problem? She paused for a few moments and read the instructions on the label. It didn’t seem that anything in it could hurt the shine of the surface.
By the time she had the vacuum cleaner in her hands, she was out of breath. She leaned forward and carefully cleaned the surface of the floor. She also removed the sheet from the mattress and vacuumed it.
Anya was exhausted when she got to the living room. She stood under the archway and caught her breath for a moment. She could barely stand the sight of the dust gathered on all the horizontal surfaces. It was so deep that she took the pictures off the wall and wiped them from the back. If she could, she would have pulled the furniture away from the walls and cleaned behind it. Filth, it’s all filth.
It was almost eleven when she finished and treated herself to a refreshing shower. Turning beneath the stream of warm water, she wondered what she should do with her Sunday afternoon. It’s nice outside. I could go for a walk.
Then she reconsidered. What would I do alone outside? Better to stay home and read a book.
This went on until two in the afternoon. She read with interest and attention, and then her thoughts began to wander. She had to look at the ceiling in order to focus her mind.
She thought about Andrew. Yesterday she had been enthusiastic about his life story, but today it seemed like nothing special. He was in the right place at the right time. I haven’t had that luck. Maybe I will in the future. She lowered her gaze to the book and read again.
Her head drooped. She jerked suddenly and opened her eyes. She realized that if she didn’t get up this instant she would fall asleep. She didn’t want that because she knew she’d have difficulty sleeping at night.
She prepared herself a cup of tea and carried the cup to the window while wondering what she should do. She had never liked Sundays. They seemed to last forever.
Anya made her way back to the living room. Everything was in place. She always checked that nothing had been moved. All the same, she had the sense that the room was not truly clean. Before she knew it, she had a rag in her hand again and was polishing the furniture. This cleanser is no good, she thought, the wood doesn’t have a real shine.
She stood at the window and observed the room. It was better than before but still not perfect. Angry with herself, she turned around and looked outside. She saw a woman holding the hand of a little child. Her thoughts traveled to the idea of the baby she’d always wanted. How beautiful to hold and stroke a baby. She wondered how likely it was that she would become a mother. She even thought about a sperm bank. What do you need a man for? I can have a baby without a man.
The doorbell rang.
She didn’t move. It rang again.
It was followed by the sound of loud knocking. She became curious. Who would be so bold? She walked toward the door with long strides. “Who is it?”
“It’s your mother,” came the answer.
First she felt happy but a tightening in her stomach followed this emotion. “Are you alone?”
“Yes, I’m alone. I came to visit.”
Anya cautiously opened the door. Her mother was wrapped in a dark tweed coat. Her lower lip trembled as she regarded her daughter.
Anya hugged her. “Why didn’t you call first?”
Patting her daughter on the back, she said, “I missed you.”
“I also missed you, Mum. I often think about you. Come in.”
Anya hung her mother’s coat on a hanger and watched her slowly take her shoes off and put on a pair of simple slippers.
“I came with a tourist agency. I wanted to see Portland and you, of course. It’s nice here,” she said. “It’s clean and orderly.”
Anya showed her the rest of the apartment.
Her mother did not hide her enthusiasm. “I’m so happy you got your life together.”
“Where’s Dad?” Anya asked sternly.
“Your dad stayed home in Slovenia, my dear. He sends his greetings. He misses you very much.”
Anya sighed. “I’ll make you a cup of chamomile tea. I know you like it.”
“Do you have any?”
“Of course I do. I often drink it myself.”
Many years had passed since they’d seen each other and there was a certain awkwardness between them.
“How is it at home?”
The eyes of the older woman closed momentarily as if she needed to collect herself. “It’s lovely. There are flowering bushes in the yard. I’ve changed everything. You should visit us sometime. I’m sure you’d be pleased. Your father built a new fence. It’s very nice.”
Anya tried to remember how the property in front of the house had looked when she saw it last. It was more than half an acre and had a heavy wooden fence around it. There were fruit trees all around and lush bushes. The view was spectacular. Mountains surrounded the place and a grass meadow flowed down to the valley. Oh, how things have changed, Anya thought. She had never dreamed that she would live in a big city.
“When will you come to visit?” her mother asked.
A long silence followed.
At last Anya looked at her mother and answered: “You know that I can’t. When Dad apologizes to me, I’ll come, but not before.”
“You know your father. He’s as stubborn as a bull. Nine years have passed since then and you’ve never come back once. This can’t go on. I want to see you at home.”
Anya’s heart ached. “I also want to go home, Mum. You don’t know how much I’d give to sit near the garden and admire the valley. You can’t imagine how much I miss my home town of Tolmin.”
“Then come. Everything will be arranged.”
Anya looked away stubbornly. “I’m sorry. I cannot stomach what he said to me. I don’t want to see him again until he apologizes.”
Her mother put a trembling hand on her shoulder. “My child, forget the past. You know how he is. I admit he wasn’t in the right when he talked to you that way. I think he drank one beer too many, or even two. He probably didn’t mean what he said.”
“I don’t care what he meant.” Her jaw was clenched with anger. “If that’s the way it is, he can call me and explain.”
The mother looked at her daughter. She put one hand on her aching heart, the other reached out for the armchair. Tears poured down her cheeks.
Anya stood a short distance from her. “I’m sorry, Mum. I can’t do it any other way. It’s hard for me too.” She held in her tears.
“But Anya, we’re still a family. You had a wonderful childhood with us. Even you have to admit that. I know you would like to come home. And so many people ask about you.”
“It’s true I had a wonderful childhood,” Anya said through her teeth. “But there were many less beautiful moments.”
Her mother stopped crying. “Your father did drink too much sometimes and he became difficult. That is true.”
“Difficult? That’s a mild way of putting it. But whatever. I don’t want to get into the details. It was what it was. I had a nice life.” She paused for a moment. “Who asks about me?”
Her mother wiped away her tears with a cotton handkerchief. “Miha asks about you at least once a month.”
Oh, Miha, thought Anya. Miha had been a lively young man with long, tousled hair and a funny big nose. How many times they had lain in the grass holding hands. It was because of him that her father had said those terrible things. “How is Miha? Did he get married?”
“Yes. He found a girl from a neighboring village and they got married a couple years ago. But I can see in his eyes he’s not happy.”
Poor Miha. She would love to see him again.
“Marusha also often mentions you.”
Marusha was a retired widow whom Anya used to go and visit. They played cards together and chatted. Marusha knew how to comfort her whenever Anya argued with her father. “Please greet her for me. And Miha too.”
“Yes, of course I will.” Her mother lifted her tired eyes. “Come here. I’d like to hold your hand. And please, think about things. If you and your dad are both so stubborn, many more years might pass before you make up.”
Anya nodded and sat down next to her mother and took her hand. “I’d rather you talked about what’s going on in our village.” She asked after her old schoolmates, and her mother told her that most had moved away.
And so they chatted for some four hours before her mother finally looked at her watch. “I have to go back to the group. They only gave us a couple hours on our own. Could you please call me a taxi?”
Anya did as she was instructed. “It will be here in five minutes.”
They stood up and embraced.
Her mother said again, “Think about it, my darling. I so want you to come home.” She patted her on the back.
“Alright, Mum, I’ll think about it. I promise.”
“I miss you. I really miss you,” her mother said. Then she hugged her daughter one more time, looked at her lovingly, and walked out the door and toward the elevator. “Stay as healthy and beautiful as you are now.”
“You too, Mum.” Anya shut the door after her and wept bitterly.




Chapter 34
___________________



Hunter went to find out what his wife was doing. Approaching the room, he heard her grumbling.
“Oh, for heaven’s sake …”
There were papers everywhere and Bertha was staring at one of them with enormous concentration.
“You’ve been away for at least three hours,” he said. “What are you doing?”
“I can’t believe it. Patricia was incredibly generous. Everyone receives abnormally high salaries.”
“Oh,” Hunter responded.
Shaking her head, Bertha continued. “And then there’s Lisa Richards. Her pay is higher than the psychiatrists who work at the hospital.”
“Isn’t she the one who runs the place?”
Bertha shook the piece of paper in her hand. “I don’t trust that woman. I don’t know how Patricia could give her all that responsibility. I’ve already discovered countless irregularities.”
“Like what, for example?”
She told him about the disarray in the kitchen. “Not to mention how badly the place was painted. The guy who did it got a pile of money but did the work poorly. Then there are the companies who do the laundry and bedding and charge an exorbitantly high price.”
“Where did you get all those records?”
Bertha looked at her husband for a second. “I requested them from the head accountant. What do you think?”
Hunter smiled. “Those are internal documents that by law they shouldn’t give you. I don’t know how you managed.”
She lowered her eyelashes. “You know I don’t like resistance. I would have found a way to get them one way or the other.”
“You know what I think? If you’re interested in my opinion, that is.”
Bertha placed the sheet of paper she was holding in her hand on the desk. “Of course.”
“I think you should leave things as they are. If the hospital has been run up until now by Lisa Richards, and Patricia entrusted these things to her, she must be a capable woman. You already have enough work at your own job. And now you’re digging into all of this ….”
She picked up the paper again. “I thought you would say something like that. Look, Hunter, I’m not as passive as you.”
The first insult, he thought.
“I can’t let everything go to hell, especially not when I sense problems. Tell me. What have you done today? Besides read the paper. You’re lazy.”
The second insult. “What should I have done?”
“I don’t know. You could have a hobby, like normal people.”
So I’m not normal. The third insult. “What does that have to do with all of this?”
“It does. The minute I find something to do, you come and tell me I shouldn’t be doing it.”
“I didn’t want to—”
“Instead of praising me because I care about that damned hospital.”
“I—”
“I’m going to find out what Lisa Richards is hiding. If she’s so capable, let her prove it to me. But if I find something else …”
Hunter had already left.




Chapter 35
___________________



Her mother’s visit had awakened Anya’s memory of her father, whom she deeply resented. I’ll never forgive him. She cried so much that she had to wash her face.
Then she picked up her book again. She read it for only twenty minutes before putting it back on the shelf. How can I possibly read when I’m so upset?
Without even realizing what she was doing, she grabbed the rug cleanser that she’d bought not long ago. She read the instructions and angrily put it back. I won’t clean the carpet.
And her thoughts traveled home again but when she thought of her father, she decided to tackle the carpet.
She made big circular movements with a cotton rag, clenching her teeth and holding back the tears. She had bought the carpet only three months ago and almost never walked on it, and yet it still seemed dirty to her. There’s dust everywhere. Even if the apartment were hermetically sealed, there would still be dust everywhere. She was always battling against filth.
Even her zealous cleaning failed to banish her melancholy thoughts. She began to wonder about the point of life. Depression was a temptation for her, and she understood that more and more.
Andrew called her at precisely the right moment. “I hope I’m not bothering you. Is something wrong?”
She was happy that at least one person in the world was thinking of her. “Oh, it’s you, Andrew. Nothing’s wrong. I was sleeping.” It was easier to lie. She felt sorry for a moment. She could have confided in him that she was feeling bad because her mother had visited and she wanted to die of sadness.
“I’m sorry. I hope I didn’t wake you.”
“No, no. Everything’s fine. I was awake before you called. How are you?”
“Not very well. I’m bored. I was helping out at the bar for a while, but otherwise I don’t have much to do at home. I called you hoping you would go out with me this evening. I know about a beautiful walk—”
“I’d love to go, but closer to home perhaps. There’s a lovely walking path next to the building where I live,” she said quickly. Didn’t I say I wasn’t going to see him anymore?
“That sounds good.”
She told him where she lived, and then put a hand up to her forehead as she suddenly felt flushed. Her head was pounding. How can a man put me into such a state? It was a mistake to say I’d meet him. I should have told him that I have no interest. It’s all your fault, Mum. I’m sad and anxious because of you. He called me at the right moment.
From a distance, she saw him waiting in front of the apartment building. He was dressed in simple pants made of sturdy fabric and wore walking shoes. His muscular arms were visible through his well-cut jacket and they made Anya feel embarrassed. She admired his firm body but it also scared her.
He pointed at her apartment building and greeted her enthusiastically. “If I’m not mistaken, these buildings are only a couple of years old.”
“Yes, that’s true,” she said proudly. “I paid a lot for my apartment because the building was new. I like new and beautiful things.”
He opened his arms. “Where shall we go?”
“In this direction,” she said quickly. She wanted to get away as quickly as possible so none of her neighbors would see her.
“Yesterday you said that you were investigating a murder.”
“Yes, and everything indicates that her lover murdered her. It’s probably only a matter of time before the police arrest him. At the moment, however, they don’t have enough evidence.”
“So are you thinking of not investigating any longer?”
“It’s hard to say. I’ll keep digging around a bit. I can’t give up now.”
He didn’t respond.
“Besides, my boss says that it’s important to stick with it. When the police make the arrest, I’ll write a story. I’ll describe everything I’ve learned. If he really did kill her, I’ll have some quite interesting information.”
“What if he didn’t kill her?”
“Then I have practically nothing. But today’s Sunday. We’ve talked enough about my job. Let’s talk about something else. Look at those two dogs playing over there. Aren’t they cute?”
“As you please. I can talk about anything. All the same, I think it would be better if you found some other job. I have the feeling that this one makes you pretty tense. That’s not good.”
“Believe me, I’m already working on it. My friend is making inquiries at an agency that is looking for journalists. If they hire, I’ll stop investigating the murder immediately.”
“That’s good to hear.”
They stopped on a wooden bridge under which a river murmured.
Anya said, “When I look down, the river is like a magnet to me. I would like to jump right in.”
“Then don’t look down. I wouldn’t want to have to jump after you. The water is ice cold.”
Leaning against the railing, she smiled at him. Then she stared up at the sky. “It’s getting dark. It will be evening soon.”
“What then? Are you afraid of the dark?”
“Not at all. Let’s keep walking.”
They walked slowly, enjoying the fresh air and chatting. An hour passed before they came to the next bridge.
“Let’s turn around here,” Anya suggested. She felt uncomfortable in the darkness.
“Yes. Let’s go back.”
The closer they got to her apartment, the more worried she got. What if he wants to go up with me? What should I say?
“You got quiet all of a sudden,” he said. “I hope I didn’t say something I shouldn’t have.”
“No, you didn’t say anything. I’m just sleepy. Tomorrow’s going to be a difficult day and I think I should go to bed as soon as possible.” She hoped he would get the message.
“Then let’s walk a little faster. It will wake you up and we’ll be back at your place sooner.” Smiling, he looked at her, but Anya was looking down.
In front of the building, he suddenly leaned forward and gave her a kiss on the cheek. He did it so suddenly and unexpectedly that she didn’t have time to move away. She looked after him in surprise as he ran toward his car, smiling at her.
She didn’t think it was funny. Her cheeks were as red as wine. She never would have thought he would dare kiss her. Tomorrow I’ll call and tell him that I am not his girlfriend. He ruined everything with that kiss. I don’t want to see him again.




Chapter 36
___________________



He hasn’t called for three days. What if I upset him the other day and made him angry enough to give up on me? What if he’s no longer in love with me? I took a sedative a little while ago because of the terrible tension in my stomach.
And then this letter today. Somebody sent me a letter in an envelope that made me feel immediately that it couldn’t be good news. It said I would pay for my sins. Who on earth would send such a message?
I tried to stay calm but I didn’t succeed. Now I’m waiting for the pill to work.
Oh my God! What if it was Benny who sent the letter? Is it possible that I misjudged him? I doubt it. We’ll see each other tomorrow morning and I’ll ask him directly.

*

I think it wasn’t Benny. He would never do such a thing. He is so strong and handsome and attractive to me. How many times have I imagined touching him? I know what I’m doing isn’t right. I know that I should try to get him out of my mind, but there’s something that keeps me from doing it. When I see him, my heart jumps, my bad mood disappears, and I’m full of energy. It’s obvious that I’m completely attracted to him, but nothing will ever happen between us. All the same, I can’t get him out of my thoughts.

*

It’s eleven o’clock at night. My eyes have been closed for an hour. I feel relaxed because of the pills. But why can’t I fall asleep?
I think I know the answer. The pills don’t cure love. Is it possible that I’m in love with Benny? No, no, that can’t be possible. It’s a reciprocal attraction. It will pass soon. I’m sure of it.
Then the telephone rang. Someone was calling me. What if it’s him?

*

I was nervous and afraid after that terrible call. I immediately took another pill. The voice was hoarse and muffled, as if the person was trying to hide something. I couldn’t tell if it was a man or a woman. I could hardly understand the words. The person asked if I got the letter. I put down the phone. How is it possible? If it happens again, I’ll have to call the police, and that’s all I need now!




Chapter 37
___________________



On Sunday morning, Hunter Hoff took the children to a small independent movie theater as he did almost every weekend. Bertha excused herself with a headache and said she would go the following week. This was the sixth week in a row that she found an excuse, but Hunter said nothing. He suggested that she take an aspirin and lie down for an hour or so.
Bertha looked after them as they left, and rather than an aspirin, made herself a strong cup of coffee. I have things to do that can’t wait. She hadn’t wanted to explain that she was going to the hospital again.

*

“Oh, it’s you. You startled me.”
“Were you here yesterday too?” Bertha asked Dr. Lan Hampton.
“I was. Whoever’s on call each week works both Saturday and Sunday. There’s a special room where we sleep. How is it that you’re visiting on Sunday? It’s a beautiful day outside, at least as far as I know.”
She nodded. “You know, I can’t stop worrying about this place. I feel it’s my duty to make sure everything is functioning properly. Can you understand that?”
“I’m terribly sorry about Patricia and I completely understand that you’re worried, but I can assure you—”
“I’d like to ask you a few questions, but you must promise me you won’t speak to anyone else about it.”
“Of course.”
“I’m worried about the management of the hospital. Or to be more direct, I wonder if Miss Richards is a capable manager. I’d like to hear your opinion.”
He lifted his head. “Oh, that. I was worried about what it might be. Listen, you needn’t have any concerns about Lisa. She’s been here since the very beginning. I don’t know if you’re aware, but Patricia had no inclination for administrative work.”
“But then why didn’t she appoint her director?”
Lan Hampton furrowed his brow. “It’s difficult to say. Maybe that’s what she intended to do.”
“She surely would have spoken to me about it.”
“What do you mean?”
“Oh, nothing, nothing. But you think that Lisa Richards is competent to occupy the position that she has.”
“Absolutely. There have been no problems. It is true that she’s very overworked now. You know how invasive those journalists can be. Because of them, she often doesn’t have time to do more important things.”
Bertha was surprised at how categorically he defended her. Suddenly the idea came to her: Could it be that Dr. Hampton is in love with her?
“Lisa is a very competent woman, I can assure you.”
I’ll find out if that’s true.
She thanked him for his comments. “I’m going to take a look around and then go home. Thanks for your time. I feel reassured now.”

*

She stopped to see the security guard in the basement. “Do you know who I am?”
“Of course I know. You’re Patricia Bellows’ sister.”
“That’s right. How long have you been working here?”
He lifted his head proudly. “Seven years.”
“Then you know all the people who work here?”
He nodded.
She pulled a twenty-dollar bill from her wallet. “I want to know something, but I need it to stay between us.”
Startled, he stared at her. “What do you want to know?”
“Is there some kind of relationship between Miss Richards and Dr. Hampton?”
“Oh, that. You really scared me. I would never take your money. Of course, I can tell you what I know. Everyone says that Dr. Hampton is in love with Miss Richards, but I don’t know if it’s true or not.”
She put the bill back in her wallet. “That’s all I wanted to hear. Thank you and have a nice day.”




Chapter 38
___________________



Benny came out of a side street and, seeing her, he was momentarily sorry that he’d made the date. Aniela was dressed in a short white skirt and a red leather jacket, a sequined belt, and extremely high heels. She paced up and down, chewing gum.
You can see that she’s a prostitute from a hundred feet away. Impulsively he turned and hid behind a house.
Then he gathered his courage and walked toward her, thinking, I have to meet with her. I have to quench my passion.
“It’s nice you came, Benny.”
He looked around sullenly. “My car’s over there. What if we drive somewhere?”
“That would be great,” she answered.
After a while she asked, “Where are we going, anyway?” It seemed strange to her that he was silent.
“I’m sorry. I’m feeling kind of tense.” He put his left hand into his pocket and checked if the gun was where it should be. The touch of cold metal calmed him. His thoughts were always on Patricia.
“Oh, I’m sorry that you’re feeling tense. I can massage your back if you like. I’m sure that would make you feel better.”
He shrugged his shoulders. “That would do me good. I have a picnic basket with food and a blanket. We could go on a little picnic. What do you say?”
“On a picnic? I haven’t been on a picnic in years. That would be wonderful.”
“Alright. There are some woods a half hour away. It’s beautiful. You’ll see.” He pointed up to the sky. “There’s not a single cloud. We can sunbathe if we want.”

*

Aniela stepped from the car and ran her fingers through her hair. The sun falling on her hair made it look like spun gold. She shook her head, showing off her slender neck. Benny’s pupils widened.
“Where do we go?” she asked.
He pulled his gaze away from her breasts and opened the trunk of the car to take out the basket.
As they walked, he thought about what he was doing. It’s not right. Oh, Patricia, I was only able to achieve ecstasy with you. He looked around the woods. Nobody was around but he had the feeling he was being observed. Where are you, you bastard? I’ll kill you!
“What did you say, Benny? I thought you said something.”
He pointed down a path. “That’s the way.”
A spacious meadow opened before them. The expanse of grass was covered with flowers and butterflies.
“This is paradise,” she said, running ahead.
After they spread the blanket down on the grass, she said to him, “Lie down. You said you were nervous. You can relax in the sun.”
He pulled off his sweater and lay down on his stomach.
“I promised you a massage.” She placed her hands on his back.
He moaned with pleasure.
“Relax.”
“Wonderful ….”
“Of course it’s wonderful, darling, and I have even more wonderful things in store for you.”
Later when he got up and watched her lie on her back, he still didn’t know what he was going to do.
“It feels so good. Why don’t you lie on top of me?” she said.
They kissed for a few minutes and then, extremely excited, he started to take off her skirt.
“Yes, yes,” she moaned.
Suddenly his iron-hard fingers were around her neck. He had to do it. He had to feel what he had felt with Patricia.




Chapter 39
___________________



Many years had passed since Anya’s last job interview, and she had a strong sense of stage fright. It made her nervous to think that strange people were going to ask her questions and she might not be able to answer them. She remembered the interview with Pamela Barry several years before. Anya was so petrified, her left leg went entirely numb in the waiting room because she hadn’t moved it for more than twenty minutes. She limped into Pamela’s office, making a fool of herself. But after the first few minutes, she sensed that Pamela was a warm and kind person and her fear vanished. Now, standing in front of the magnificent silver skyscraper, Anya had the feeling that this interview would not go as smoothly as the one so many years before.
The receptionist in the atrium asked her, “What is your business here?”
“My name is Anya Horvat. I have an interview scheduled—”
“Sixth floor, second door on the left,” the receptionist replied.
Anya obediently headed toward the elevator.
In the waiting room, all of the seats were taken. A pleasant secretary asked her name and apologized in the name of the company: “One of the directors had a minor car accident. That’s why there’s such a crowd.”
Anya stood nervously against the wall.
People chatted among themselves. A thin, red-haired woman kept repeating that the salary was good. A gray-haired man cynically added that for that kind of money you have to work from dawn to dusk. A second, slightly heavier, woman commented that the director was a charming, well-mannered gentleman.
The more Anya listened to them, the more frightened she became.
Her turn came in an hour and a half. The secretary called her name and directed her toward an imposing door covered in black leather. An unpleasant surprise awaited her when Anya opened it. Seven men and one woman sat at the end of a small hall. They patiently waited for her to take a seat in a plain wooden chair in the middle of the room. She felt as if she’d come to an interrogation.
Finally, the woman spoke. She asked Anya to introduce herself and explain where she came from.
Anya gathered her courage and said that she worked for the weekly magazine, Clarice.
One of the men addressed her. “I hear that your weekly doesn’t sell very well. Is that true?”
“Yes, it is,” she admitted.
“Is that the reason you came to this interview?”
“Yes.”
“Have you written about political matters?”
“Not much,” she answered.
“What about science?”
“No.” Anya had the feeling it wasn’t going very well.
Then they asked her how many years she had worked for Clarice and what she did before that. Each time she answered one question, another followed. She could barely catch her breath.
All of a sudden, they thanked her and the woman accompanied her to a smaller room.
“That went very well,” she said encouragingly. “Now you need to fill out a questionnaire.” She left Anya alone.
Almost two hours later, exhausted, Anya finally put down her pen. In addition to the endless questions, she’d had to write four extensive articles. In the first, she wrote about the level of pollution caused by discarded tires. In the second, she described the expansion of computer use and programming equipment. In the third, she wrote a critique of the Department of Education, and in the fourth, she discussed the benefits of shipping traffic. It was such hard work she felt as if she were going to throw up. On the last page, there was a brief thanks for her cooperation and instructions to leave the questionnaire on the table.
The first thing that came to Anya’s mind was to go to a fast-food restaurant and order a Coke and a hamburger. At the moment, she couldn’t care less about the calories. She wanted comfort. A lot of comfort.




Chapter 40
___________________



Usually Katherine arrived at work at eight thirty, but on Monday morning she couldn’t sleep and was already greeting the security guard at seven. She knew that nobody was there at that hour besides the on-duty psychiatrist and a nurse.
She walked slowly, and thought, Life is not going very well. Should I look for another job? Ever since Lisa had given her all those extra patients, she couldn’t help thinking that Lisa had something against her.
Katherine entered the human resources office. She knew exactly where to find the keys to the cabinet where the employee files and documents were kept.
Twenty seconds later, she was holding a file with the name “Lisa Richards” on it. What Katherine was doing was extremely risky. She would be fired immediately if she were caught. She quickly photocopied the papers and returned the file to the cabinet.
Shortly after nine, she telephoned the private school from which Lisa had graduated. “Hello. I’m calling from … I’d like to verify the graduation date of one of our nurses.”
“One moment please,” said a man’s voice.
A woman’s voice came on the line and Katherine had to explain again. “Her name is Lisa Richards.”
“I’ll check right away,” the woman answered. After a minute she returned to the phone. “I’m sorry, but I can’t find a record with the name you mentioned.”
Katherine was astonished. “What does that mean?”
“That our institution did not issue a diploma for that person.”

*

Sometime later, Katherine called Lan.
“What’s happened?”
“Could you come to my office?”
“Yes, of course.”
She told him about her discovery. “She’s been pulling the wool over our eyes from the very beginning.”
“Are you completely insane? What on earth made you nose around and call that school?”
“You didn’t hear me. Her diploma is fake.”
He lifted his hands in exasperation. “Katherine, if you don’t like it here, why don’t you leave? Why do you have to constantly create conflicts?”
She had hoped he would see that he was in love with a woman who was not honest. “I didn’t want—”
“The hospital already has enough troubles because of recent events and you seem to want to make things worse. What do I care what kind of education she has? What’s important is that things function. The rest doesn’t interest me at all.”
Katherine looked for a tissue in the drawer of her desk. “Don’t yell at me, Lan. I get the message.” She picked up the photocopy of Lisa Richards’ diploma and tore it into small pieces. “Nothing’s changed as far as I’m concerned. But you’re right, it would be best if I left. Don’t worry, I won’t cause a conflict. I won’t tell anyone.”
“Katherine, I didn’t mean … I don’t want …”
She stood up angrily and opened her office door. “Oh, Mr. Parkinson. It’s good you’re here. Come in. My colleague, Dr. Hampton, is just leaving.”




Chapter 41
___________________



After her interview with the Daily News agency, Anya called her friend, Jane Wells, and asked for information about where Benny Martin was born. Jane told her he was born in Tillamook, where he lived for eight years. She also told Anya that for the next seven years he lived with his uncle, Albert Martin, who later hung himself. That information struck Anya as interesting, so she called several neighbors who had lived in the vicinity.
Mr. Mason knew immediately about the situation. He was also the only neighbor who was willing to speak to her. “Ah, Benny Martin. Of course I remember him.”
Anya told him she was writing a story about the murder of Patricia Bellows. She added that Benny had been her lover.
The man on the line seemed enthusiastic. He told her he lived in Forest Grove, and Anya set out to see him.

*

Bob Mason was a tall elderly gentleman. He held himself pitched slightly forward, as if he had back problems. Long, bushy eyebrows shadowed his weary eyes.
“Fifteen years have passed since I last saw Benny Martin,” he said as they sat down in his backyard. “And you say he was the lover of the murdered psychiatrist. I think I read something about her, but I don’t remember precisely what. But yes, Benny was always a strange boy.”
“Why do you say that?” She already sensed that something bad would follow.
The old gentleman seized his beard and stared into the distance. “It’s difficult to say. He was a loner. He never socialized with his peers.”
“Many children are like that.”
“Yes, but Benny was different. He was never calm and it was difficult to tame him.”
“Did you know his uncle, Mr. Martin?”
“Of course I knew him. Albert was my good friend. We got together almost every evening.” He pointed at a house. “He lived in that house over there.”
Anya took a quick look and, turning back, she said, “Albert hung himself, didn’t he?”
“According to the police.” Bob Mason’s eyes were half-closed. He picked up a wooden pipe and began to fill it with tobacco.
Anya said, “I have a hunch something wasn’t right. Do you know what really happened?”
The old man lit the pipe and nodded. “My wife, who was still alive then, would certainly agree that Albert wasn’t the type to commit suicide.”
“Then what was it?”
“I don’t know. I don’t even want to think about it. I do know that he and Benny didn’t get along. That child was extremely aggressive. They were always yelling at each other. Albert often complained to me about Benny.”
“Did Albert ever tell you he was unhappy?”
“No, because it wasn’t in his nature. He lived a simple life. He never complained. He was never depressed.”
“And yet he hung himself.”
“Yes, he hung himself. When the police came, I told them the same things I’m telling you today. They insisted it was a suicide. Nobody wanted to accuse the boy.”
“Was Benny in the house at the time?”
“Yes, he was in the next room. The police said he was listening to music and didn’t hear what happened.”
“Did you have any bad experiences with Benny?”
“Of course, and not only once. He always kicked the garbage cans when he walked by the house. He threw rocks in my yard, that sort of thing. I tell you, that boy was evil.”
“Maybe he was sad because he lost his parents. Do you know what happened to them?”
“As far as I know, they died in an accident. But come on. A lot of kids grow up without their parents. That’s no excuse for being in constant conflict with people. He was always beating up other kids at school. Nobody liked him.”
Anya didn’t know why she was defending him. “Of course not. I’m just saying that maybe he needed professional help and it wasn’t available.”
“Maybe he did. But the truth is, Albert died. And I tell you, something wasn’t right about it.”




Chapter 42
___________________



Is it possible that Lisa has a fake diploma? wondered Lan. No, it’s not. I never knew such an intelligent and organized woman. We should be proud of her.
I don’t know what Katherine has against her. I wish they got along better. I’m going to apologize when I see her next. I’m sure there’s a reason why Lisa wasn’t in the records at that school. Maybe she changed her name or something. He decided to call her.
“Yes, Lan?”
Her voice sounded irritated. He had the feeling he had interrupted her. “How are you, dear?”
“Fine,” she said.
“If you have time, I’d like to see you tonight.”
“I can’t. I’m not at work. I left because I had some errands to do.”
“Oh,” he said, disappointed. It was on the tip of this tongue to ask if she’d ever changed her name.
“Anything else, Lan? I’m in a hurry.”
“No, no. Have a nice evening.”
“Thanks. You too.”




Chapter 43
___________________



When Lisa put down the phone, Ryan grabbed her hand. “Who was it? Your little boyfriend again?”
She looked at him. Ryan was unshaved, with short blond hair. He had seductive eyes and sensuous lips and was attractive to many women.
“Don’t talk that way about him. Lan satisfies me in many ways.”
He pulled her sharply toward him until her lips were touching his. “But you like it a little more wild, don’t you?”
“Watch what you say!” She flirtatiously patted her hair.
“I couldn’t care less what you have with him.” He nibbled her ear, his free hand moving to the buttons on her blouse.
“Oh, Ryan, stop! I’m not in the mood. I came to talk about the job.”
“I know why you came.”
In less than twenty seconds, she was standing in front of him naked. She had let him undress her.
“I can’t—”
“Lie under that light. I want to see you better.” He pushed her in that direction.
“You’re too rough. You’re hurting me!”
“Quiet! Now you’re at my place and you’ll do what I want.”
She tried to cover her nakedness with her hands.
“That’s the way, yeah. Good.” He picked up the digital camera he had on the table and pushed the shutter. Her body shimmered in the bright light.
“Are you completely crazy? You can’t take my picture like this!”
She reached for her underwear, but he grabbed her. “I want to take a few pictures. It’s for my album. You know I like to look at you when you’re not here.”
“I don’t want you to photograph me naked.”
“It’s a memento, love. Please relax. You’ll enjoy it.”
She looked at him with undecided eyes.
“Come on. Only a few photos.”
She straightened up and started to shyly pose. He pressed down the shutter. “That’s good. I knew you’d like it. Pretty soon I’ll give you what you came for.”
“Don’t talk that way.”
“What do you want me to say?”
Her eyes became thoughtful. “I’d rather you told me what we’re going to do about Bertha Hoff. You know, she’s bothering me more and more.”
“Don’t worry, love. We’ll think of something. The same fate that met her sister, maybe.”




Chapter 44
___________________



Anya came home at seven in the evening. After quickly cleaning the apartment, she showered and arranged her hair. She called Beth before she started dinner.
“How’d the interview go?”
“That’s why I’m calling, Beth. I wanted to thank you for recommending me.”
“And how was it?”
She sighed deeply. She told her friend how many people had been in the waiting room and how frightened she had been sitting in front of the committee. “And don’t let me start about the test questions. I had to write articles for nearly two hours. I was so exhausted by the end that I couldn’t even hold up my head.”
“I’m sure you did well. Now we’ll cross our fingers and hope they’ll hire you. If not, we’ll find something else. You mustn’t lose hope.”
“I can’t help it. I really hope they’ll hire me. If for no other reason than I wouldn’t be forced to investigate a murder.”
“Terrible. Just the mention of murder and my hair stands on end. You have to get away from that as soon as possible.”
“And I will get away, although I admit I’d like to figure out what really happened to Patricia Bellows. She was an extraordinary woman. According to all the information, she was a very wealthy woman who nevertheless worked incredibly hard. Not to mention that she wasn’t married but had a lover.”
“It seems to me that you’re quite similar. You also work constantly and you’re not married. The only thing you’re missing is the lover. Since we’re on the subject, how’s it going with you-know-who?”
Anya felt her stomach churn. “Oh, Andrew, you mean?” She bit her bottom lip. “I don’t know what to think about him. We went for a walk yesterday.”
“Hmm. I get the feeling something’s going on.”
“Nothing’s going on because I’m not going to see him again.”
“What happened? Did he kiss you and ruin everything?”
Anya was shocked. “Yes, that’s exactly what happened. How did you know?”
“I thought so. You know what, you don’t need to panic because of one kiss. If he kissed you, it only means that he likes you, nothing else. You can’t really hold that against him. Was it a rough kiss? Did it hurt you?”
Anya reflected. “No, it didn’t hurt. Actually, he was very gentle. I hardly felt it. All the same, I think it was too soon. We were only on our second date and—”
“Anya, you’re going to have to relax. At your age, things go a little faster. But if you don’t think about the kiss, did you like him or not?”
“Before the kiss I liked him. After, not at all.”
“I forgot how sensitive you are. I’m afraid you’ll never find a man if you’re so demanding.”
“Demanding? What do you mean?”
“I think it would be best if you talk to him. Tell him that it seems too fast. If he likes you, he’ll put on the brakes.”
“I’ve already decided that I’m not going to see him again.”
“Don’t be so difficult. Give him one more chance.”
“I don’t know, Beth.”
Later, when Anya was in bed, she lay thinking with her eyes closed. How nice it would be to watch the sunset with Andrew and talk. Of course, he shouldn’t touch her. That could happen only after at least a month or two.




Chapter 45
___________________



I’m shocked and angry. It was a mistake to go to dinner with him. My hands are still shaking. I can hardly hold the pen I’m writing with. It’s my fault. I shouldn’t have accepted his invitation. …
“It’s my birthday today,” he told me.
“Oh, I’m sorry, Benny,” I said. “I didn’t know that.”
“You couldn’t have known.” His sad eyes stared into mine. “I’m so alone that I have no one. I thought … I thought I would invite you to dinner.”
“To dinner? You know that’s not possible.”
“I knew you would say no. I knew it.”
Oh my God. I couldn’t take his melancholy eyes. “Of course, I’d like to go,” I told him, quickly reversing my answer. I felt strangely flushed when he smiled and showed his beautiful teeth.
Lisa Richards noticed I was acting differently. She looked at me and said, “You’re all aglow today.” She didn’t say it nicely, but in a cynical tone of voice.
“Really? Why do you say that?”
“You’re different. You’re looking out the window all the time and there’s a faint smile on your lips. You also keep adjusting that strand of hair on the side, which you usually don’t do.”
I didn’t like her answer, though of course I didn’t show it. I’m convinced she knows what’s brewing between Benny and me, and that’s why she’s acting so annoying.
“No, no, there’s nothing special. I’m enjoying the beautiful day. How many patients do I still have?”
“Mr. Caldwell is waiting and at six you have Mrs. Wallace.”
“Fine. Send in Mr. Caldwell. Today I’d like to go home early.”
“I could tell you were in a hurry,” she said.
Her smirk made me even angrier.

He was waiting for me at the restaurant. I was flattered because it took him such a long time to speak. Finally, he said enthusiastically, “You look completely fantastic. I’ve never seen you dressed like this.”
“Oh, stop it, Benny.”
“It’s true. You’re like a movie star.”
He had selected an upscale restaurant. Right after we sat down, I offered him a gift of a cartridge pen, which he seemed to appreciate. I didn’t kiss him but just shook his hand and wished him a happy birthday.
He invited me for a walk after dinner and my big mistake was to accept. Now I know I shouldn’t have done that. After walking only a few minutes, I felt a sense of tension. I knew his intentions were questionable and I couldn’t help but feel excited about it.
He started to speak to me in a dark spot, under the crown of a tree. “All week, I’ve only been thinking about one thing.”
“Yes.”
“Thank you for the gift … but … there’s something else I want.”
Before I understood what he wanted, I felt his tongue in my mouth. I screamed.
“I’m sorry!” He let me go. “Don’t scream like that.”
I felt suddenly enraged. I yelled at him with all my might, “Didn’t we agree that we were just friends?”
“Yes, we did, but ….”
Amazingly, a taxi drove by that isolated place right at that moment. I lifted my hand and was soon sitting in the backseat. I spoke to him through the open window. “I have nothing more to say to you except that you’ve ruined everything. You broke our rules.”
I’ve been crying ever since. I don’t know why he was so stupid to kiss me like that. I will never go out with him again.




Chapter 46
___________________



Bertha ate her dinner absentmindedly. “I’ve found some irregularities and now I need the original documents.”
“You’re going to go to the hospital again?” Hunter asked. “What irregularities are you talking about? I don’t know if it makes sense to rummage through their documents. Wouldn’t it be better to leave them alone?”
Bertha was amazed that he persisted this way. He knew there was no power that would alter her decision, but he kept trying to change her mind. “I don’t know why you say anything at all. According to you, it would be better to do nothing, but I can’t do that. Something tells me the whole accounting system is dishonest. Will you take care of the children while I’m gone?”
“Of course I will. When will you be back?”
“I have no idea.”

*

The accounting office was dark. Bertha turned on the light, not sure exactly what she was looking for. Then she grabbed the first binder and started flipping the pages. She had the feeling she wouldn’t get home before morning.




Chapter 47
___________________



On Tuesday morning, a surprise awaited Anya in her mailbox. She opened the letter with high expectations.
Dear Miss Horvat: We regret to inform you that we have decided on another candidate. We will keep your records in the event that we ….
How could they have answered so quickly? I was at the interview only yesterday. She crumpled the piece of paper and tossed it into the trashcan.
Anya sat in her car with her mouth closed tight. So nothing will happen with a new job. Clearly, I have no luck. They’ve decided on a more experienced candidate.
She put her foot on the gas pedal. Her breath started to come faster.
The closer she got to the offices of Clarice, the angrier she felt. All of a sudden, she directed the car up onto the sidewalk and placed a call to Benny Martin.
“Oh, it’s you. What’s up?”
Judging by his voice, he’d been sleeping.
“Nothing much. I’d like to talk with you again, if you have time, of course.”
He murmured something. “You’re calling early. Thank goodness I’m still on leave. Otherwise you wouldn’t have gotten me. Alright then. Come to my place in a half hour. It’ll give me enough time to wash up.”
She angrily turned the car around. I’ve had enough of him. If he really killed her, then he’ll tell me, that murdering bastard. I’m not going to be on the street because of him.

*

As soon as Benny showed her in, he said, “You’re on edge today, aren’t you?”
She looked him straight in the eyes. “Everything points to you.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“The more I investigate this case, the more convinced I am that you killed her.”
“But—”
“Can you tell me anything concrete? Can you tell me anything that would exclude you as the killer?”
“You’re really something else. You come into my apartment and you accuse me of being a murderer. Have you lost your mind? And if that’s what you think, how do you dare even come here? If I’m a killer, I could kill you right now. Did you ever think of that?”
A cold shudder passed through her. “I want to know the truth, that’s all.”
He shook his head. “You’re a brave woman, Anya. I don’t know what I can say to convince you I didn’t kill her. The killer is still at large. You have to trust me.” He paused for a moment. “I got two phone calls recently. The caller threatened that I would have to pay for my sins. I don’t know who it was, but it could have been the same person who killed Patricia.”
She stared at him incredulously.
“And there’s something else. Someone sent me the strangest letter. I can show it to you if you like.”
Anya waited for him to retrieve and hand her the sheet of paper. Then she began to read: Patricia has another lover. Do you even know that she’s cheating on you? You realize that she’s avoiding you ….
“That’s just one of the letters this person sent me. I admit that it upset me very much. Patricia and I argued about it a couple of times. I really did think she had another lover and that’s why she was always avoiding me.”
Anya felt a sense of growing uncertainty. “Tell me exactly what your relationship was like. Did you have serious intentions?”
He was silent for a moment, rubbing his chin with his fingers. “I don’t usually talk about such intimate things, but since you asked, I’ll tell you. Under any other circumstances, what Patricia and I shared together would remain between us.” He stared at the ceiling a few seconds and then at Anya again. “We were together for about four months. I liked her the moment I saw her. It was love at first sight.”
Anya was still clenching her teeth in anger.
“But what did I get out of that love?” he said.
“What do you mean?”
“She was in control in the beginning. It seemed like she had the answer to every question. You know how psychiatrists are. Later, when we started to go out, she became even more closed. I wanted to talk to her, but she always withdrew. I never knew why she avoided me. Something was wrong and I still don’t know what. I sensed that she was attracted to me but also afraid.”
I would also be afraid of you, thought Anya, and she crossed her arms over her chest.
“I tried. I called her almost every evening. Sometimes we had an arrangement to meet and she completely forgot about it. Of course, that made me angry and I almost went nuts. But I never showed my anger to her. I knew she was sensitive.”
“Why do you think she was so sensitive?”
“I don’t know. She carried something inside her. She didn’t trust men. It was as if she was afraid of them. I don’t know how to explain it to you. She said she didn’t have very much experience.” He scratched his chin. “And then that letter. I really did go crazy then. I was sure she had someone else. Why else would she reject me?”
“Did you tell her about the letters?”
“I didn’t want to at first, but one day I felt I had to. I threw them on her desk. She was also surprised when she read them. We talked a lot that night. She said she had no idea who could have written them and assured me there was nobody but me. And then it happened, after a long time …” Bennie’s gaze moved to the window.
“What happened?”
He turned his head toward her and smiled. “We slept together for the first time. After four months, we finally made love.”
She opened her eyes in astonishment and her anger passed. “And?”
“What, and? Does that seem abnormal to you? Both of us are over thirty years old. Teenagers sleep with each other on the third or fourth date. We needed four months. I had tried before, but she wouldn’t let me close. I tell you, Patricia had problems, but she didn’t want to talk about them.”
“How could she have problems? She was a psychiatrist, after all.”
“It does sound strange, but there’s some truth to it. Or maybe she didn’t like me. That’s also possible.”
Anya was so surprised, she had to sit down. Benny took a seat opposite her, on the edge of the sofa cushion.
“Two days after we slept together, somebody killed her. I had believed her when she told me there was no one else. Now I’m not so sure. And who sent those letters?”
“Did you show them to the police?”
“No. Do you think I should?”
“Yes, of course you must. They’ll do an analysis. They’ll see what kind of printer they were printed on. Maybe they’ll lead to the murderer.”
“Alright, if that’s the way it is, I’ll call them.”
He picked up the telephone and called special agent John Pickens. He told him about the letters, and they arranged a meeting. “Done,” he said, hanging up the phone.
“You did a good thing.”
“I don’t trust the police. They’ve been convinced from the beginning that I killed her. That’s why I wanted you to look into it, because you’re impartial. I would like to be able to convince you that I’m innocent.”
Anya got up and walked to the front door. “I don’t know what to believe anymore. I’ve very shook up.”




Chapter 48
___________________



My stomach is burning because of my guilty conscience. I constantly think about Benny. I shouldn’t have let him surprise me like that, and the place was hardly appropriate. I was really stupid to have gotten so upset over a single kiss. I should have said that I didn’t want to kiss him and demanded that he accompany me home. Why did I sit in that taxi? The poor man was probably terrified.
And now he is afraid to call me. Two days have passed since it happened and I have been thinking about him nonstop. Each time the phone rings, I run, hoping that it’s him. And each time I am so terribly disappointed. Oh, Benny, please call me. Why can’t we just be friends? Didn’t I tell you that I want to be your friend?
There was a sound at the door.

*

Benny had pushed a letter under the door. In the letter, he apologized to me for getting carried away. He knew that he behaved improperly and he deeply regretted it. He asked me if I would forgive him for the kiss, that he meant nothing bad by it. At the end, he wrote that I was an extraordinary woman and that he doesn’t want to lose me. If I forgive him, he will do anything I want him to do.
Oh, Benny, I love you so much. I would go mad if I couldn’t see you again. I’m happy now that I know you are thinking about me. Yes, of course, I forgive you. And tomorrow I will tell you personally.

*

And what now? Again that muffled voice threatening me, saying I’ll pay for my sins. Who is calling me and what does he want? I am practically shaking with fear. It would be best if I take an antianxiety pill. Who would play that kind of prank? Tomorrow I’ll inform the police. If only I don’t collapse into hysterical tears. I must control myself. Control yourself, Patricia. It’s not such a big thing if someone calls and threatens you. Don’t let that derail you.




Chapter 49
___________________



Lisa Richards tossed and turned all night as if she sensed a surprise was waiting for her in the morning. She loudly greeted the guard at the front door and told him that if he didn’t sit up straighter he would fall asleep.
She was making fresh orange juice in the kitchen with the new juicer when the sound of the telephone ringing in her office interrupted her. “That damn telephone!”
It was the security guard informing her that police detectives were on their way up.
“What do they want now?” she asked angrily.
“I don’t know. Mrs. Hoff is with them.”
When Lisa heard that name, she started to tremble. She wondered if the radiators were working.
Before she knew it, there was a crowd around her desk.
Bertha said, “You probably already know that I was here yesterday.”
Lisa nodded.
“I discovered some irregularities in the bookkeeping. I’ve brought the police over to have a word with Marsha Odom.”
“Oh.” Lisa let out a sigh of relief. For a moment she thought they had come for her. “What did she do?”
“It has to do with a certain sum of money that was transferred to a company called Beta Trade. Do you know the company?”
“Of course. That’s the accounting company that advises us.”
Bertha hissed a question in response. “Then what does the manager of your accounting department do?”
“I had nothing to do with it. That was Patricia’s idea. Mrs. Odom is not an expert in the field of accounting, which is why more complex questions are sent over to Beta Trade.”
“Nonsense. Mrs. Odom is an expert.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“This morning I checked who the owner of Beta Trade is. And do you know what I discovered?”
“What?”
“I discovered that there are two owners: Chris Radford and another company called Tera Profit. When I looked into who owns Tera Profit, I found it is a company called Intelligent Design. And guess who owns Intelligent Design?”
“Who?”
“Marsha’s husband.”
“I can’t believe it.”
“Believe it. She’s been getting an extra salary all those years and nobody knew it.”
Lisa was astonished. “If that’s the way it is, you should take Marsha Odom down to the police station.”
“That’s exactly what these policemen are going to do.”




Chapter 50
___________________



How dare you come to me with your nosy questions? Benny Martin thought. The journalist Anya Horvat had started to get on his nerves. What should I do? He angrily paced up and down in his bedroom. I can’t do anything. Maybe I’ll need her in the future. It would be stupid to get rid of her now.
He leaned back on an old oak armoire and frowned. He remembered how, when he was child, the police interrogated him after the death of Uncle Albert. They drilled him with questions until he started to cry and begged them to stop. Fortunately, there was a policewoman among them who was troubled by a child’s tears and told the others to leave him alone. If they had persisted even an hour more, he would have told them everything. I hated him. I was so happy when I leaned my head against his chest and there was no heartbeat anymore. That sadist deserved to die. He was lucky I wasn’t bigger and stronger, or I would have tortured him before he died, as much as he had tortured me.

*

“Your parents are dead, Benny,” Uncle Albert had told him. “You’re incredibly lucky that I’m taking you in. But you’re going to have to behave. You’re going to have to earn your daily bread.”
Benny nodded fearfully.
“If you don’t do exactly what I say, I’ll send you to an orphanage and your life will be over. You know what they do to kids like you?”
“No,” Benny said, with instant tears falling. He missed his parents. Why hadn’t they come back to him? Everyone said they were dead but he didn’t believe it. And why did he have to stay with his uncle, whom he’d never liked?
“They torture them,” he said. “They work them day and night. More than sixteen-hour shifts. And they sexually abuse them. You probably wouldn’t want some old caretaker all over you, would you?”
Benny had no idea what his uncle was talking about. “Where are my mother and father?” he asked.
“I don’t know how many times I have to tell you. They’re dead. Quit asking me where your parents are. Probably in heaven if they deserved it.” He took a handkerchief out of his pocket and wiped his face. “The best thing would be if you started working for me right away. You’ll forget about your parents if you work hard enough. Look, the dishes are dirty. You can start with them. Go to the sink!” He slammed the brandy bottle he was holding onto the table. “Pick up a plate, start washing, and quit crying!”

*

Benny flinched when he heard the phone ring. “Hello.”
“Hello, Benny. It’s Aniela.”
He switched the phone to the other ear because he couldn’t hear. “Oh hi, Aniela. How are you?”
“Fine, thanks. I was shopping in town and I thought I’d call you.”
“Nice of you.” He remembered how roughly he had pulled the clothes off her body.
“We could get together again if you wanted,” she suggested.
How powerfully he had penetrated her. He didn’t care if it hurt or if she didn’t like it that way. He had been totally aroused. She’d resisted, begged him to go slower, but he didn’t obey. And then, right before the climax, he had started to squeeze her throat. He squeezed and squeezed, until he heard the sound of an approaching automobile.
At that point, he pushed her roughly away and quickly got dressed.
“Hurry. Didn’t you hear a car parking nearby?”
“No, I didn’t hear it. It was nice and …”

*

“Well, do you have time or not?”
Only then did he realize whom he was talking to. “Yes, of course, we could get together again.”
When he put the phone down, he thought, You’ll be sorry, you horny bitch.




Chapter 51
___________________



I decided it was time to have a serious conversation. I knew Benny didn’t want to talk about his uncle Albert. Anytime I brought him up, he quickly changed the subject. His face grew pale at such times and his feet jiggled under the table.
“Why don’t you want to talk about him?” I asked.
“He’s not worth talking about.”
“Let me put it to you this way, Benny. You’ve been coming to me for more than three months now and we still haven’t discovered the source of your aggression. Isn’t that why you came?”
“I think we’re progressing nicely. I haven’t lost my temper at all lately.”
“Yes, yes. But that’s only temporary. We haven’t discovered the underlying cause. I sense that something happened when you were living with your uncle that might have caused your aggressiveness.”
“No, nothing happened.” His eyes showed that this line of thought disturbed him.
“Why do you get angry when I want to talk about him?”
“I’m not angry.”
“Benny, I can see that you’re angry and I’ve known from the beginning that it makes you angry. I’ve wanted to start this conversation many times but I put it off because I could sense you weren’t ready. But now I think it’s time to talk about it.”
“I told you there’s nothing to talk about.”
“People usually don’t want to talk about things that cause pain. I know that this is hard for you.”
Now he roared: “No, you don’t know! You have no idea how hard it is. Nobody knows what he did to me!”
He was so loud that I feared Lisa would come in and interrupt.
“What did he do to you?”
“That pig! That piece of trash! I’m still disgusted when I think about him. That pig always lorded it over me, humiliating me and making me do all sorts of work. I was too young to refuse. I hated him …”
He was trembling all over and I knew it was the right moment. “Tell me everything there is to tell. You’ll feel better, relieved.”
“It was total hell. Each day when I came home from school, he had a list of things for me to do. There was so much that I almost never finished before nine at night. I had to work while my friends were playing outside. He was never satisfied. He always accused me of being lazy and incompetent. He threatened me. He threatened me every day.”
“Threatened?”
“He said he would send me to the orphanage where they would torture me and sexually abuse me. Each day I worked until the point of exhaustion because I was afraid he would make good on his threats. Sometimes I was so tired I fell asleep while working. Then, he beat me as punishment.”
“Oh, you poor thing, he shouldn’t have done that.”
“There wasn’t a day when he didn’t hit me at least twice. How many times did my vision go black when he hit me too hard! And my bigger mistakes? Then he used a belt.”
“You should have run away. Why did you stay with him?”
He shook his head. “I was still a child who believed what he said. I really thought an orphanage would be worse. I feared that I would end up in one. I cannot tell you how happy and relieved I was when he died and I was finally sent to my first foster family.”
“I can understand that. What he did wasn’t normal.”
“I could have taken all the work. At least he left me alone when I worked.” Benny scratched his head. “But he also liked to humiliate me. He told me I was weak, stupid, that nothing would ever come of me, that women wouldn’t like me, that I was a disgrace. I don’t even know where he came up with all that.”
I felt terrible as Benny told me all of this, but I was determined to push on to the end. “And that’s what you couldn’t take?”
“Yes, the humiliation was the worst. I could somehow take the beatings, but not the humiliation.”
“How did he humiliate you?”
“When I came home from school, the first thing I cleaned was the toilet. Uncle Albert was such a slob; he never cleaned after himself. I don’t know how many times he was drunk and would urinate all over the floor and miss the toilet. I think he did it deliberately. I cleaned up after him with a sponge and my bare hands. When I told him I needed rubber gloves, he said there was no money for such things. It happened sometimes that he did his business and then came to me and said, ‘Boy, I’m sorry, but I think you’ll have to clean the toilet again.’ I would tell him I’d do it later and he would pull my hair and order me: ‘You’ll do it right away! Go!’ You can’t even imagine how it stank. I had to hold my nose as I cleaned his shit. I hated him. Today, I know he did it all on purpose. He had sadistic tendencies and I came along and fulfilled them.”
“That’s true, Benny,” I said. “If he did what you said he did, then he certainly had those tendencies. A normal person wouldn’t have done that.”
“Whenever I helped him in his workshop where he made plastic packaging, he yelled at me. He always said I wouldn’t come to anything good.” Benny paused for a moment. “Once he forced me to eat salami that was well past its expiration date. I’ll never forget that. It stank so much my stomach turned. ‘We don’t throw anything away,’ he said, and told me I wouldn’t be able to go to bed until I ate it all.”
“And you ate it?”
“I had to eat it and then my stomach hurt all night. He did things that made me so angry. If I cleaned the floor, he would walk all over it with muddy shoes. Things like that.”
“You should have run away.”
“I wanted to run away. Once I even told him that. He said: ‘Go ahead. You’ll see what kind of a world it is. You’ll be dead in a couple of weeks. You’ll die of starvation.’ So I didn’t go. I was afraid. I didn’t have anyone but him.”
“I understand.”
“It was so bad I thought about committing suicide. Teachers put pressure on me because I had bad grades. When I went home, it was hell.”
“Terrible. And the rage grew inside of you?”
“Yes. Every day I looked at him and became angrier and angrier. Every day I swore to take my revenge. I couldn’t take it anymore when he attacked me. He was a fat, stinking pig. Disgusting.”
“I can understand. Such a person would also disgust me. How did you take your revenge?”
“You have to understand. It couldn’t happen any other way. He became more cruel and humiliating. Some nights he forced me to massage his dirty, sweaty feet.”
“What?” I asked in astonishment.
“ ‘Take off my socks, Benny! I’m tired,’ he ordered me.
“He wore the same heavy cotton socks all week long. They were a light-brown color with black streaks of filth on the soles. From the side, you could see circles of sweat. The closer I got, the more the sharp smell penetrated my nose. He had never demanded anything like that of me before. The mere thought that I would have to touch his feet filled me with disgust.
“ ‘Hurry up, will you? I want to watch the football game,’ he said.
“I looked at him, hoping that maybe he was joking. With my lip curled up, I touched the edge of his sock. At that point, he stuck his foot directly into my face. ‘What are you waiting for? Take them off!’ he said.
“I nearly threw up. I held my breath and seized the tip of the sock and pulled it toward me. I was disgusted by the filth that could be clearly seen in the pores of his feet. The skin was dry and cracked. In the next instant, I pulled off the other one. Then I jumped up and left.
“ ‘Where are you going, boy?’ he said. ‘I didn’t give you permission to leave!’
“My frightened eyes looked into his and I said, ‘Yes, Uncle Albert. What can I do for you?’ It was one of the rules that I had to be polite.
“ ‘I’m tired. I’ve worked all day and I want to eat and drink all night. Is that clear?’
“I nodded my head obediently.
“ ‘Good. Then massage my feet. It will do me good.’
“ ‘You want me to massage your feet?’
“ ‘Yes. Have you never heard of a massage? Quickly. Rub them hard!’
“I still don’t know how I managed to do it.”
I was horrified by Benny’s story.
“The next time, he demanded that I massage his back. Once, he woke me at five in the morning because he had thrown up in bed. I had to clean it up.”
I had started to feel nauseous and I put my hand up to my throat. I could clearly imagine everything Benny was telling me.
“I remember the day when I scrubbed the kitchen and then his drinking buddies came over. I had to serve them as if I were a slave. They were constantly making fun of me and even hit me over the head.”
I spoke very deliberately to him. “And this made a rage grow inside of you.”
“Yes, a sort of pressure grew inside of me that forced me to do something. Each month was more difficult than the previous one and I knew if I didn’t do something I would go mad.”
“I understand,” I said. “Anybody would feel that way. What did you do?”
“What else could I do?” He sadly hung his head. “I killed him.”
I thought he was going to say that he hit him and run away. Not even in my darkest dreams would I have imagined that he killed him. My heart seized up in an instant and my body sagged. All the same, I remained calm. I asked him, “How did you do it?”
He started to cry. He told me that he knew what he did was wrong and he wished he could go back and undo it. He explained in detail how he carried out the murder, convincing the police that it was a suicide. He struggled to control his breathing as he spoke.
Although I was shocked and frightened, I understood him in a way. If his uncle had indeed treated him the way Benny described, he deserved to die.
Benny kept crying and repeating that he was sorry. This went on until at last I stood up and went to him. I had to comfort him.
I embraced him for a few minutes, but still he did not stop sobbing.
“Shh. It will be alright,” I told him.
“I’m sorry. I know it was wrong.”
“Shh ….” I felt his warmth and knew at that moment that I would never abandon him. “Calm down, Benny.”
But because his shimmering tears would not stop falling, I had to do something. I pressed my lips against his forehead.
At that moment he opened his tear-filled eyes and looked at me. What followed was the most beautiful kiss of my life. That is why I am writing all of this down. I never want to forget what I felt in that moment. It was something unforgettable, something unbelievable. While our tongues were intertwined, my heart pounded as in a wild tempest. My body was overwhelmed by thousands of warm waves. I feared I would faint. I don’t know when I started to caress his neck and hair.
He kissed me, held me even closer to him, and sighed. I resisted for a moment but then let his hands move over my body.
Unfortunately, it didn’t last long because Lisa entered the office. I have never felt so embarrassed in my life. I will never forget her surprised and judgmental look. She told me that my next patient was waiting outside.
Whatever happens, it was a beautiful moment and I am moved by Benny’s story. He killed his uncle. My God. He was hardly fifteen years old then.




Chapter 52
___________________



“I took two weeks off work because of the strain on my nerves,” Bertha said while guiding Anya to an upholstered chair. “If you hadn’t called, I would have called you. I want to know what you’ve found out.”
“Nothing,” Anya answered in frustration. “Absolutely nothing.”
Hunter came into their living room and shook Anya’s hand.
“What is your opinion?” Bertha asked.
“The only real opinion I have is that I am not the right person for this sort of work. I’ve made no progress and whomever I talk to convinces me of something else. I really did think Benny was the killer, but then he told me certain things and he was so convincing that I don’t know what to think anymore. What if he really is innocent?”
“What did he say? Tell me.” She sat down on the sofa and her husband joined her.
“He showed me some letters.”
Bertha and Hunter exchanged a meaningful glance.
“What was in the letters?” Bertha asked.
“They said that Patricia had another lover. Do you two know anything about that?”
They shook their heads.
“That’s not possible,” Bertha said decisively. “Patricia was not that kind of woman. She wouldn’t have dreamed of doing something like that. She told me everything and surely would have told me such a thing. She was only in love with Benny.”
“Then why would someone send such a letter? What would they want to achieve with it? Benny also told me he was receiving threatening phone calls.”
Hunter opened his mouth to speak but Bertha interrupted him. “Don’t believe everything he tells you. Benny killed Patricia, I’m certain of it. And it’s completely natural that he would defend himself any way he could. Letters? Who said he didn’t write them himself?”
“No, he didn’t. Because I was with him when he called the police and informed them.”
“That doesn’t mean anything,” Bertha said. “Even if someone else did write the letters, that doesn’t necessarily have a connection to the murder.”
“He struck me as sincere.” Anya remembered how he had told her that they had only made love one time. And that, after four months. Why did he tell me such personal things?
Bertha stood up. “I see that Benny has mixed you up. Perhaps it’s time I showed you something.”
Hunter grabbed Bertha’s hand. “Do you think that’s wise, darling? You know that information is protected under patient-physician privilege.”
“Nobody will find out and I think it’s important. Come on, Anya, let’s go to the hospital, where I will convince you of the truth.”

*

Bertha told Ms. Richards why they’d come and Lisa was strongly opposed.
“I can’t allow that. Nobody is allowed to listen to the recordings of patients. It’s private.”
Bertha stepped into the little kitchen and gestured that Lisa should follow her. The door closed after them and a loud quarrel ensued.
After a few minutes they came out again.
Bertha said, “Everything’s arranged. Let’s go.”
She explained once they were in Patricia’s office: “Patricia made recordings on CDs of all her sessions with patients. I must ask you to sign this statement that you will not use any of this information in public.”
Without speaking, Anya took the statement and signed it. She was curious about what would follow.
“That’s why I argued with Lisa Richards. She’s justifiably worried that we will use this information for malicious purposes. I told her everything was alright and we just wanted to see Benny Martin behind bars.”
“If there is something controversial in the recordings, why haven’t you told the police?”
“It’s complicated. According to the rules, we shouldn’t even be listening to these CDs.”
Anya nodded. “Alright then, let me listen. I’m really interested in what you have.”
Bertha opened the door to a cabinet. “I suggest you sit down. What you are about to hear is quite shocking.” She slid a CD into the computer and pressed the play button.
Patricia Bellows’ voice suddenly filled the room. “Why don’t you want to talk about him?”
“He’s not worth talking about.”
“Let me put it to you this way, Benny. You’ve been coming to me for more than three months now and we still haven’t discovered the source of your aggression. Isn’t that why you came?”
“I think we’re progressing nicely. I haven’t lost my temper at all lately.”
Anya listened in horror to the entire story about how Uncle Albert tormented Benny. The recording went on and on until it came to the most horrifying part: “Yes, a sort of pressure grew inside of me that forced me to do something. Each month was more difficult than the previous one and I knew if I didn’t do something I would go mad.”
“I understand. Anybody would feel that way. What did you do?”
“What else could I do?” A tense silence followed. “I killed him.”
Bertha sent a meaningful glance to Anya, whose mouth had fallen open with astonishment. The two women continued listening.
Then came Patricia’s voice: “How did you do it?”
In tears, Benny said he knew what he did was wrong and he wished he could go back and change it.
“Tell me everything, Benny.”
“Every Sunday I watched him get drunk on brandy. I had to end it. If I didn’t kill him, he would have killed me.”
“I understand.”
“I waited until he fell asleep in his chair. He was so drunk I could shake his shoulder and he didn’t respond. Using a plastic funnel, I poured another half bottle of brandy into him.”
“Yes.”
“Then I went to the workshop to find a rope and a pulley. You know, a pulley is used to lift heavy objects.” He sobbed. “I made a big noose and put it around his neck. I looped the other end over the crossbeam in the kitchen. I attached the pulley to the radiator. Then I was able to hoist him into the air with great difficulty. I couldn’t have done it without the pulley.”
Anya could not believe her ears. Bertha stared at the computer monitor.
“I wrapped the end of the rope that I had in my hand around the radiator and pulled and soon enough his body was hanging in the air. I’ll never forget how his fat face looked when he started to suffocate.”
“And then?”
“Then I took another rope and tied it around his neck and then across the beam to the radiator. All I had to do then was get rid of the first rope. That way it looked as if he had hung himself.”
Bertha stopped the recording. “Now do you understand what I was talking about?”
Anya’s gaze fell to the floor. She still couldn’t believe it. “He killed his uncle.”
“Whoever starts to kill so young will certainly do it again.”
“But his uncle tortured him.”
“He should have told the police, not killed him. There’s no excuse for such an act.”
Anya looked at Bertha with great difficulty. “I admit that’s true. Benny has severe psychological problems. He probably also turned on Patricia. Maybe he was afraid that she would betray his secret and that’s why he killed her.”
“That’s what I think. The problem is that the police have never asked about the recordings and I am not allowed to tell them.”
“That’s clear to me now.” Anya suddenly remembered her conversation with Bob Mason. He said that Albert didn’t have the suicidal impulse. How right he was. “Maybe I could drop a hint with the police.”
“What do you mean?”
“I was at Albert Martin’s neighbor’s and he told me that Albert wouldn’t have committed suicide.”
“That would be great, but the police mustn’t know what you’re trying to do. In no way can you admit that you listened to this recording.”
“Don’t worry. I won’t say anything. But it would be best if I go right away.”

*

She met with special agent John Pickens at the police station. He was a heavyset man with a prominent bald spot. He had round red cheeks that made him look as if he were hot.
He said, “And you are?”
“My name is Anya Horvat. I’m writing a story about Patricia Bellows. I found out—”
“What?”
She told him she had spoken to quite a few people who all had bad experiences with Benny Martin.
The special agent nodded. “We’ve also collected the same information but, unfortunately, no concrete proof.”
“Benny Martin was being treated by Patricia Bellows,” Anya said. “As far as I know, all sessions were recorded. Have you ever thought about listening to those recordings? Maybe there’s something interesting in them.”
“Of course we’ve thought about it. But unfortunately, things aren’t that simple. It would have to be approved by the courts. Usually, we find an independent expert who listens to the recordings and writes an opinion. We’ve put in a request, but don’t yet know if it will be approved.”
“But during that time Benny Martin might kill someone else.”
“We realize that, but we have to act according to the rules.”
Anya tapped her finger on her lower lip. “Benny Martin’s uncle Albert died when Benny was fifteen years old. He committed suicide. I spoke with Albert’s neighbor who knew him well and said that he would never have taken his own life. He said he was a cheerful fellow who was never depressed. I think you should look into what really happened.”
The special agent stood up from his chair. “If Benny Martin hears that you’re nosing around in his past, you might be the next victim. Did you ever think about that?”
“Will you look into what happened to his uncle?”
“I promise we will. Now, if you’ll excuse me, I have work to do.”
She wanted to say something else but it didn’t seem like the right time. She gathered from the look in his eyes that he was not in the mood.




Chapter 53
___________________



A young girl sat in the sandbox of the playground in front of a skyscraper that seemed to reach almost to the clouds. She had long golden curls that nearly touched the ground as she played. She was so absorbed in her game that she was hardly aware of her surroundings. She poured some water from a plastic bucket into the sand and sculpted it with her fingers.
“What a nice house you’re making.”
The girl turned and looked at the tall man. He licked his lips. He seemed quite old to her, but she wasn’t afraid. She kept on shaping the sand with her hands.
“How old are you, that you know how to make such a beautiful house?”
Now she was embarrassed. At first, she had intended to ignore him but she liked the praise. She turned her little head toward him. “I’m eight years old and this isn’t the only thing I know how to do.”
The man knelt down next to her and squeezed her cheeks. “It’s a pity you are only working with sand. If you could make things from clay, people would fall all over each other to have them. You would become amazingly wealthy.”
She laughed. “That would be wonderful. Then I could buy anything I wanted.”
“And what do you want most of all?”
Her hands stopped moving for a moment. She was thinking. “I would like a beautiful dress and some candy. I would also buy a beautiful dress for my mommy.”
“Where is your mommy?”
She pointed her finger toward a window on the second floor. “She’s home. She looks through the window now and then to check on me.”
He licked his lips again. “Would you like to see a secret treasure?”
Now she turned and really looked at the man. He was unshaven, a little younger than her grandfather. He was wearing a long gray raincoat. “What kind of secret treasure?”
The man looked around. “I saw a secret treasure in the basement a little while ago. I can show it to you if you like.”
Her chestnut eyes shone with curiosity and her lips closed into a sweet little pout. “What was in the secret treasure?”
“Exactly what you were talking about. Beautiful little dresses and candy.”
“Let’s go, then.” She got up and her golden curls fell down her back. “I’d really like to see who is hiding the secret treasure in the basement.”




Chapter 54
___________________



When Anya left the police station, she was angry with herself for turning to them for help. That fat special agent Pickens could hardly wait for me to leave. If I don’t take action, the case will go cold.
She had a bad feeling about Benny Martin. Her inner voice told her something was about to happen. She shuddered at the thought of him killing someone else.
What if I follow him? That way she would know whom he was seeing and where he was going.
The more she thought about it, the more she liked the idea. Anyway, she didn’t have anything better to do.

*

At home, she put on a heavy layer of white powder and a high-quality black wig that she had once worn to a costume party. Looking in the mirror, she was amazed at what she saw. She looked at least five years older. She chose a plain black dress and her leather jacket and put on a pair of sunglasses.
She parked in the parking lot in front of Benny’s apartment building and began to thumb through some magazines she had bought on the way. She often scanned articles in the competing journals.
After the second hour in her car, she wondered how long she could hold out. By four in the afternoon, she was really irritated. She was thinking she might go home, when Benny suddenly appeared. She followed him and prayed to God that he wouldn’t notice her. She had no idea what she was getting herself into.
In the center of the city, she remained several hundred feet behind his car. When he finally got out of his car and starting walking, she had to run after him because he had such a long stride. He suddenly stopped after several blocks. Anya hid in the entryway to a building.
A young woman appeared and kissed him on the mouth. How dare he? Patricia died only a short time ago and he already has another woman? In order to remain unnoticed, Anya hunched her shoulders and mixed with the crowd. Luckily, neither Benny nor the woman looked back.
Twenty-five minutes passed. They had long ago left the center of the city and were approaching a complex of new buildings. Because there were fewer people on the street, Anya had to change her tactics to remain unobserved. She ran from building to building, hiding behind them. She didn’t dare think what would happen if he saw her. Finally, the couple stopped in front of a building under construction. The girl stood her ground for some time, and Anya clearly saw that he was trying to convince her to go inside with him. Oh my God, don’t go!
The two approached the unfinished concrete building. The edifice was over a hundred feet high. Dusk was falling and visibility was getting worse from minute to minute.
Anya had a dark thought: This place is ideal for a murder. Nobody would know. Nobody but me, that is.
There were two entrances to the building. Anya used the second entrance located about sixty feet from the one that the couple had used.
Anya stood in the lobby for a few moments and let her eyes get accustomed to the dim light. Then she carefully ascended the stairs, trying to make as little noise as possible. The light was so poor she could barely see the shapes in front of her.
In one moment, she thought she heard giggling. She leaned back against the wall as if she were part of it. She heard the girl’s laughter and could tell they were on the second floor.
Stepping forward, Anya stumbled into a box of tools. She did this so awkwardly that the heel broke off her right shoe. Frightened, she clenched her teeth.
She heard steps again. She stood stock-still and tried to make out the location of the sounds. When she moved, her other heel came off, too. That will make it easier to walk. A construction site is no place for high heels.
As she approached the staircase again, a female scream pierced the air. It was sudden and loud. Anya had one foot on the step, intending to go up to the second floor, but something held her back.
Then there was a terrible bang. The report of a gun rebounded between the cement walls. Anya feared the ceiling would fall down.
Then the girl screamed again.
Anya reached for her phone to call the police.
A second shot followed that seemed even louder than the first one. She heard the sound of sobbing and crying. Anya didn’t dare move. The shots made her certain that something terrible had happened on the second floor. Her heart pounded loudly.
Then someone started to run down the staircase. What was worse, by the sound of the footsteps, the person was running in her direction.
Frightened, she turned around, tripping again on the toolbox. It rattled loudly. The person running down the stairs stopped. Anya had no choice but to continue running down the hall into the darkness.
Heavy steps followed her.
She screamed hysterically, “Help! Help! Leave me alone!” She touched the rough wall to the right with her hand. She could see nothing in front of her. Judging by the sound of the steps, her pursuer was about to catch up to her.
“Help!”
Now a heavy hand landed on her shoulder. She knew then that no help was coming.




Chapter 55
___________________



I called Bertha and she came right away. I showed her some clothes that I don’t wear anymore and she kindly interrupted me, saying, “I didn’t come because of the clothes. Don’t try and avoid me, Patricia. You always do that when you have problems. Come and sit next to me on this comfortable leather couch. Tell me what’s troubling you.”
Nobody knows me as well as my sister. I told her that I was constantly thinking of Benny and I didn’t know what to do anymore.
“Listen, my dear. I’ve been listening to stories about Benny for weeks now. Didn’t we decide last week that you would just be good friends? Didn’t you say you didn’t want to get involved with your patients?”
“Yes, yes,” I answered her. “But what can I do if I can’t stop thinking about him?”
“Get him out of your head. You’re the one in control and you mustn’t let anything happen between you. Imagine what would happen if a journalist found out. The owner of a psychiatric hospital having an affair with one of her patients.”
“I know, I know, but what can I do if I feel this way about him? And I haven’t told you everything.”
“I’m listening.”
“I’m sorry I’m keeping you. It’s after eleven at night. It might be better if we talked tomorrow afternoon.”
“You always want to put off your troubles until tomorrow. It won’t work. Now what is it I don’t know about your Benny?”
Then I told her. I told that his uncle abused him and what he did to him. I talked and talked, and Bertha listened with her mouth open. I know she was as shocked as I had been. When I finished the entire story, I felt guilty because I had betrayed something I shouldn’t have. “You mustn’t tell anybody what I told you,” I instructed her.
“Have I ever been indiscreet?”
It was true. Bertha had never betrayed my confidences.
Bertha squeezed her lower lip for a few seconds. That’s what she always does when she’s thinking. “Are you sure that Benny isn’t dangerous? If he killed his uncle, then …”
“I don’t think he’s dangerous. He was only fifteen years old. Can you imagine that? Fifteen! Now at least I know the reason for his aggression.”
“Yes, I’m sure his uncle must have been a tyrant to provoke such action.”
I told her what a soft and gentle man Benny was. “I’m certain that Benny will start to calm down. All of it comes from his tormented childhood and today we finally understood that.”
“He must have suffered a lot.”
I mentioned how he cried when he told me his story. And because I had already confided so much, I told her how I had held him in the end and kissed him.
“You’re hopeless,” she lovingly scolded me. “I’m really surprised at you. And you say that you kissed him first?”
“Yes.”
“That’s something new. That must mean something.”
“Yes,” I repeated.
“That means that Benny has become close to your heart. It also means you must be very attracted to him.”
“Yes, it’s true.”
“Congratulations, Patricia. After a long time, you found a man you like and you mustn’t waste the opportunity.”
“You really think so?”
“If you want to know the truth, I didn’t have a good opinion of him at first. But after what you told me tonight, I’m thinking differently. Benny attracts you and that’s the most important thing. When is the last time you’ve been interested in a man?”
“Nobody has attracted me since the death of my husband.”
“Four years have passed since then. You could have found someone long ago. It’s time for a new relationship.”
I held her hands between mine. “I’m so happy I talked to you. Maybe it is time for a new relationship.”




Chapter 56
___________________



The sharp pain in her head reminded Anya that something bad had happened. Her eyelids were stuck together and she could only open them with great effort. The light emanating from the ceiling lamp was so strong that she had to shut her eyes to mere slits. She frowned and slowly sat up.
There was no one else in the room where she was lying. There were two empty beds next to hers. When she put her bare feet on the cold floor, she realized she was wearing only a white nightgown.

*

“Hello,” a nurse said.
“How did I get to this hospital?”
“If you’re strong enough, I’ll call the police officer. He’s in the waiting room reading a newspaper and waiting for you to wake up. He’ll tell you everything.”
“Yes, of course.” Anya rubbed her forehead with her fingertips. “Do you have any headache medication?”
The nurse smiled pleasantly and nodded. “I’ll bring something to you right away.”
A few minutes later, special agent John Pickens entered the room. “How do you feel?”
“I’ll feel better when this painkiller takes effect.” Anya held it up before putting it in her mouth and swallowing nearly the full glass of water. She put the glass on the bedside table and asked, “What happened to me?”
“You don’t remember anything?”
“Wait. I remember a little. I was following Benny Martin. I followed him into some sort of construction site.” She remembered waiting in a dark hallway on the second floor. “Oh, terrible. I heard two shots. And then … then … someone ran after me. I didn’t know who it was. It was dark … I ran as fast as I could … and then … then … I don’t remember anything after that.”
He shook his head. “Didn’t I tell you to leave the investigation to the police? Do you realize that you’re very lucky to be alive? Benny Martin and that girl didn’t survive.”
“What do you mean?” She looked at him with frightened eyes.
“They’re both dead. Somebody shot them. Probably the same person who attacked you.”
Anya could not believe her ears. She remained silent for some seconds, an expression of horror and fear etched on her face. Finally she spoke: “Somebody killed them? But why? How is that possible?”
The special agent shook his head. “In addition to the gunshot wound, Benny Martin had four long, deep cuts on his body. The girl had a gunshot wound and died on the way to the hospital.”
“Benny Martin told me that someone was threatening him on the telephone. So, he wasn’t the one who killed Patricia?”
The special agent’s face was deadly serious. “We were all mistaken. It’s clear that Patricia Bellows’ killer is still at large.” He was silent for a moment. “Did you see the person who ran after you? Tell me everything you can remember.”
The nurse came into the room and offered Anya another glass of water.
“That’s exactly what I need.”
She drank the water and then said, “It was dark. I could hardly see anything. I stood at the top of the first-floor staircase and listened. I thought Benny and the girl were on the second floor—or at least that’s how it sounded. I thought I heard someone else, a third person, and hoped it was a security guard. Then everything happened so quickly. I heard the gunshots and froze, and—”
“Did you hear one or two shots?” the special agent said.
“Two.” She bent her knees and leaned back. “I was so frightened that I almost fainted. Now I have to try and remember. This is how it happened. First, the girl screamed. I remember I wanted to go up and help her. Then the two shots followed. I heard sobbing and a heavy blow. And finally someone started to run down the stairs toward me. I desperately wanted to get out of there.”
“Did you see who it was?”
She ran her finger over her forehead. “It was so dark I couldn’t see. I accidentally kicked a wooden toolbox. I remember calling for help. My pursuer was right behind me but I only saw a dark figure.”
“Was it a man or a woman?”
“I don’t know. It was too dark. It could have been a man because the figure was so large. It’s hard to say.”
“It’s a pity. I was hoping you saw your pursuer.”
Anya shook her head. “I can’t believe it. I was sure that Benny killed Patricia. But why would someone kill him? And that poor girl?”
“Believe me. We’ll do everything in our power to catch the murderer.”
Anya looked around her. “Where’s the nurse? I’d like to go home.”
“As far as I know, there is nothing seriously wrong with you. Someone pushed you and you hit your head against the wall. You lost consciousness. You suffered a minor concussion. I think they’ll let you go home.”
He stopped at the door. “Promise me that you won’t do anything on your own again.”
“You can be sure of that. My life is worth more than a good story. I’ve had enough.”




Chapter 57
___________________



Two men dressed in dark suits lingered for a while in the lobby of the apartment building. They were looking for the name of a tenant named Avery. When they found it, they turned and went up the stairs. They ascended with even steps, the sounds of their heels echoing through the stairwell.
A young woman with short chestnut hair opened the door.
“Police.”
“Thank God you came. Come in.”
The apartment was small, with only a kitchen and a bedroom.
The woman’s eyes were red from crying. “I shouldn’t have left her alone. I know I made a mistake.”
“What happened?” one of the police officers asked. “You said on the phone that someone tried to rape your daughter.”
She nodded. “Thank God he didn’t succeed. She ran away from him.”
“How old is she and where is she now?”
With trembling hands, the woman took a photograph from the drawer and handed it to the police officer. “She’s asleep in the bedroom. I finally managed to calm her. My little girl is only eight years old.”
Both officers looked at each other meaningfully. One continued the questioning. “Tell me what happened from beginning to end. Did you see the suspect?”
“I feel so terrible. I saw a man standing by the sandbox. I didn’t even think …” She covered her face with her hands.
“It’s alright. Calm down. Tell us what happened, please.”
“Usually she plays alone in the playground and I look through the window from time to time and check that she’s okay. Of course, I won’t do that anymore.”
“And then?”
“All of a sudden she wasn’t there anymore. When she didn’t respond to my calls, I went and looked for her. Later when I came home hysterical, she was standing in front of the door.”
“What did she tell you?”
“That a man had lured her to the basement and tried to convince her …” She couldn’t finish the sentence.
“Don’t worry.” One of the police officers patted her on the shoulder. “We’ll catch this guy. Tell us what he looked like. Did your daughter describe him?”
“Not very well,” the woman responded. “She said he was quite old, that he had a big nose, gray hair, and a short beard. He was wearing a long gray raincoat. Oh, yes, she said he was always licking his lips.”




Chapter 58
___________________



The dark figure that ran after Anya in that hallway now accompanied her always. The thought that she might have died gave her chills. She walked around in a daze. She often stopped in her tracks, sometimes even turned around, afraid that she was being followed.
She regarded the trees lining a street and asked herself a strange question: Why do we even live? What point does life have if in the end we all die anyway? What is left after death?
Because she wasn’t looking where she was going, her legs got tangled up with a little dog that was relieving itself under a tree.
“Watch where you’re going!” the dog’s owner yelled.
Anya apologized and retreated in confusion. The people walking past her seemed like apparitions, nothing more than numbers. What’s the point of it all?
She noticed a church tower farther on and rushed toward it. A conversation with God will calm me. He’ll know how to comfort me, know what I should do.
She knelt to pray with clenched hands. She prayed for help, and now fearing for her life, Anya begged God to protect her. She also asked him what the point of life was.
She thought she might go into the confessional and speak with a priest, but no one was there at the moment. She finished her prayers and stood up from the pew before she got cold. She walked calmly out into the street.
On the way home, she thought she should speak to someone. She considered her friend Beth, but dismissed the idea knowing Beth would make a fuss and say she shouldn’t continue with the investigation. The only person who seemed appropriate for such a conversation was Andrew.

*

“What happened? You look frightened.”
“I am. Do you have five minutes to spare?” she asked him.
“Of course I have time, as much as you need.” Andrew looked around at the tables at the bar. “Unfortunately, it’s busy here. If you like, we can go to my office.”
Her hands were trembling. “Wherever.”
“Can I bring you something?”
She ordered a double whiskey and a glass of Coca-Cola. “I need a strong drink. I’m sorry, but something terrible has happened.”
In the office, she started to talk. At first she stumbled over her words. “I followed Benny Martin. I was sure he was the killer …” Once she started to talk, she couldn’t stop. She told him the whole story. “I ran. My heart was pounding. I was afraid he would kill me ….”
He held her close to him. “You’re shaking and cold.”
“I’m afraid, Andrew. I’m really afraid.” She started to sob.
He held her even tighter. “Don’t be afraid. Nothing will happen as long as you’re with me.”
She wanted to answer but was sobbing uncontrollably.
“Cry it out. You’ll feel better.”
After a while, he spoke again. “I missed you, Anya.”
She lifted her face and looked into his eyes. “I’ve also missed you.”
Tenderly, he leaned his lips on her forehead. Her fear and anxiety left her. The kiss caused her to relax and feel calm.
She stared into his eyes for some time and felt an unusual longing. She wanted him to kiss her again, and not on the forehead but on the lips.
And that is exactly what happened. Their lips remained locked for a long while. At last, Anya sighed with pleasure. He kissed her again and caressed her hair and neck. She pulled him close to her and pressed her breasts against his body. Suddenly she was filled with a desire she didn’t know how to control.
“Hold me! I need you.”
His hands were on her back and gently touching her there. “Oh, you excite me so much,” he whispered.
She opened her eyes. She didn’t like what he’d said. She forced her eyes closed again.
Then she felt his hands going under her sweater. The pleasant feeling that made her sigh before had all but disappeared.
Their lips were still together when he lifted her onto the table. His hands searched for her breasts. “They’re so full,” he whispered while kissing her.
“I can’t, Andrew!” she finally blurted out. She realized she was sinking her nails into his arms. “I’m sorry. It’s too soon. I don’t know you well enough.”
“Alright, alright.” He rubbed the scratches on his arms with his fingers. “There’s no hurry. I had the feeling that you wanted it to ….”
It was awkward. She adjusted her sweater and put on her coat. “I should go. Thank you for listening.”
“Whenever you need me, Anya. Where are you rushing off to now?”
“I have to go home. This was all too much for one day.”
She ran past a crowd of people to get to the exit. I’ll never come here again, a voice cried inside her.




Chapter 59
___________________



Bertha Hoff returned to the psychiatric hospital because of the situation with the chief accountant. She angrily inspected the cleanliness in one of the rooms where the patients rested. She still was not satisfied with the cleaning service and she became even angrier when she went to the kitchen.
Everyone watched her as she opened and closed the stainless steel kitchen cabinets. “What a mess,” she scolded, shaking her head.
One of the kitchen assistants shrugged her shoulders and laughed. “Any way you look at it,” she said, “there are too few of us. When are we supposed to clean?”
Bertha didn’t even answer. She checked the expiration date on packages of spices. It only took her a minute to find one with an expired date. She angrily grabbed the bag and then another one that was so dirty from handling that the text on the packaging could not even be deciphered.
“That’s exactly what we need,” the cook said. “Those are the spices for pizza.”
“Well, you won’t get them,” Bertha snapped. There were streaks of eggs and breadcrumbs on the plastic. She couldn’t understand how the cook could tolerate it.
One young waiter who had stepped into the kitchen, said, “Mrs. Irish is complaining that the bread is old. Do we have any fresh bread?”
“Sorry,” the cook answered, “we ran out.”
Bertha could not believe it. “Then go buy some,” she said angrily.
The cook responded boldly, “Don’t you see we have work to do?”
“I don’t care if you have work or not. People can’t eat old bread.” She was nearly screaming. “Where is the owner of the company who is responsible for this kitchen?”
“Ryan already left this morning. You can speak to him tomorrow,” came the answer.
“The last time I came he wasn’t here.” She continued her inspection of the cupboards. “What’s this? Could this be a cockroach?” She plucked the dead insect out with her fingers.
The young waiter made a dismissive gesture. “Oh, you find the occasional one here and there. You can’t completely get rid of them.”
Bertha stared at the kitchen staff for a long moment. Then she found a small plastic bag and put the cockroach in it. She picked up the spice packages and marched out of the kitchen.

*

“What’s too much is too much!” Bertha said the moment she was in Lisa Richards’ office. It was almost seven in the evening.
“What happened?”
Bertha showed her the cockroach and tossed the spice packages on her desk. “I don’t know what company is running the kitchen, but you’ll have to replace it. Didn’t I tell you already that the cleanliness is catastrophic?”
“Yes, and I had a conversation with the owner of the company.”
“Apparently, he didn’t get the message. The kitchen is slightly cleaner than the last time, but still not good enough. This time I looked at the inside of the kitchen cabinets, which were horrific. I found a package of spices that had long since expired. Another bag was so filthy I couldn’t even see the date. I don’t even want to talk about the cockroach or I think I’ll go mad.”
“Dreadful. How could it come to this?”
“And that’s not all. I went to inspect one of the patient rooms. It was better than last time but far from perfect.”
“I also talked with the head of the cleaning service.”
“Lisa, I don’t intend to waste any more time. I’m going to tell you directly what I think. If you want to run this hospital, your place is not only in the office. You need to check everything with your own eyes. If you’re not going to do that, then things will get out of control and someone else will be giving the orders around here.”
Lisa responded with a long face. “First thing tomorrow, I’ll deal with the cleaning service and the company that runs the kitchen. You can rest assured.”
“Yes, do it. If things don’t get better, then ….”




Chapter 60
___________________



That evening Anya told Beth that she didn’t get the new job.
“I’m sorry, Anya. I hope that didn’t discourage you. They usually take people who have been recommended to them. I didn’t really know them very well. I only knew they were looking for a journalist.”
“It’s alright, Beth. Can we get together? Something terrible has happened.”
“Yes, of course. I’ll come to your place in twenty minutes.”

*

After she had been with Andrew, she stopped shaking. Now with her friend, she finally calmed down completely and felt her heart beating normally.
“You mustn’t do anything like that ever again, Anya. What were you thinking? To go and follow him!”
Anya pulled a wry face. “I don’t even know myself. It was as if I knew what I had to do. I sensed that something was going to happen.”
“And it really did happen. You almost lost your life.”
“But who is the killer? Who murdered Patricia Bellows?”
“The police can figure that out. They’re well trained and well paid for it. Your life is not worth—”
“Benny insisted it wasn’t him, and I didn’t want to believe him,” Anya said as if she hadn’t been listening. “He even said that someone was threatening him. I thought he was making it up.”
“And what did the police say?”
“They had the same opinion as I did. They thought he was guilty but had no evidence to prove it.” Anya looked coolly at Beth. “That’s because it wasn’t him. Nobody took him seriously.”
Beth picked up her cup of coffee. “Don’t you worry about him. Why, you hardly knew him.”
“I think it was revenge. Benny and Patricia were lovers. Who would that bother?”
Beth replied, “I would look at it differently. Who has the most to gain from Patricia’s death? Who inherited all her money?”
Anya pointed a finger at Beth. “You’re right. If I’m not mistaken, it was her sister, Bertha. Patricia had no other relatives. My God, and she also hated Benny Martin.” A cold wave of realization flooded her body.




Chapter 61
___________________



When he came to visit me, he looked as big as a mountain and as strong as a bull. I was speechless. He’s a beautiful man, my Benny. There’s nobody else like him. I had to take a deep breath as he leaned over and took off his shoes. I know that my cheeks got red as an apple.
I admired his shoulders as he walked in front of me and my gaze lingered for a moment on his behind. I told him we would eat in the dining room.
He was so enthusiastic about my apartment that I had to show him around. Only then did we sit down.
I was nervous, since I hadn’t had a man in my apartment for such a long time. Negative thoughts swarmed inside me like mosquitoes.
He looked around, studying the furniture. He was in a very talkative mood. He talked and laughed the whole time we ate. I remember that at one moment, I wanted to take a picture of him. I didn’t, of course. I simply admired his beauty.
After the soup, we had spring rolls. They were crunchy and juicy. I reminded myself to call the Chinese restaurant and thank them. They had made such an effort. For the main course, we ate pork Szechuan next, with mixed salad. Finally, we had dessert, baked bananas covered with honey and chocolate.
Because of the tension building inside me, I went and took an antianxiety pill. The medicine started to work after a few minutes and my nervousness disappeared.
We went into the biggest room in my apartment and sat on the couch. I turned off the CD of Chinese music that I had bought specially for the evening and put on one with more romantic music. Benny’s eyes followed me the whole time.
“How can I hear you,” he asked playfully, “if you’re sitting so far away from me? Come close. I won’t bite you.”
I came a little closer and he took me by the hand and pulled me toward him. “Come closer.”
I didn’t resist. I only know that I prayed I wouldn’t faint from his beauty.
Then we talked and talked, and poured more champagne. Benny told me some interesting and moving stories from his life, and I hardly realized that two hours passed.
Our faces were coming closer and closer together, but I succeeded in looking away. Despite the medication, I still felt anxious. No pill works for love.
Then, all of a sudden, I didn’t want to look away anymore. I became calm, my eyes fixed on his, and I waited for what he would do next. I will never forget. His lips approached mine and what followed was the longest and most gentle kiss of my life. It was indescribably beautiful and my heart burst from the pleasure of it.
I don’t know when I started to stroke his hair. I don’t know when I unbuttoned his shirt and put my hands on his chest. The burning desire I felt made me pull him closer to me. I never knew that a man could attract me in the way that he attracted me at that moment.
The large ceiling light started to bother me. I reached out for the remote control on the table and turned it off. We embraced in the soft moonlight that came through the windows.
I don’t remember how long it was before we were lying naked side by side. His warm skin aroused a strong pleasure in me. He kept kissing me and, although it was embarrassing, I moaned out loud.
This rocking, his power that penetrated me, didn’t hurt this time but felt wonderful. I wasn’t afraid. My body didn’t freeze up in horror. I accepted it with pleasure and desire.
What enjoyment the touch of a man can be! If I had known that before, I wouldn’t have waited so long. Oh, Benny, thank you for coming to me. Thank you a thousand times for showing me the love I never knew. Thank you for taking me as gently as you could.
I felt an amazing warm energy growing inside of me. I remember looking into his eyes and breathing hard, wanting to hold it for as long as possible, but then … he was still inside of me when everything started to seize up. I was afraid something was wrong because I had never felt anything like it before.
And then he also came to a climax and moaned even louder than me. Oh, how wonderful he is, my Benny.
Now I know what real love is. Now I know what it means to make love to a man.
I love you, Benny.




Chapter 62
___________________



Irritated by the state of the kitchen in the psychiatric hospital, Bertha decided to go for a walk in Ridgewood View Park to calm down and get some fresh air. It was a cool evening. She was surprised that Hunter hadn’t called yet. She looked into the sky and admired the stars hanging in the infinite space. She thought about the future.
Just as she was intending to leave, an older man in a raincoat approached her.
“May I?” he asked politely.
She stood up without looking at him. “Of course. Sit down on the bench. I was just leaving.”
“That’s too bad. It’s such a nice evening and it would be nice to talk.”
His voice, slightly raspy, seemed familiar to her. “I’m sorry. My family is waiting for me.”
“I also had a family once, but now I’m alone. I have no one.”
Something kept her from leaving. Who is this man and why is he talking to me? she wondered.
“Have I aged that much?”
A burning pain filled her stomach. A pain she had not felt since the day she ran away from home. She wanted to run now but felt absurdly unable to move. She tried to convince herself it wasn’t true.
She looked into his face: “You …”
“Yes, it’s me, Bertha.” He was licking his lips.
She covered her mouth with a trembling hand and hoped she wouldn’t be sick. She repeated the one word again: “You …”
“But you’re my daughter. Aren’t you happy to see your father after twenty years? Come and give me a hug.”
Standing on the asphalt, she stared at him as if at an apparition. “Are you mad? What do you want from me?”
“I read in the newspaper that Patricia died. I’m sorry I couldn’t come to the funeral.”
Bertha felt nauseous. She could hardly keep herself from vomiting right there and then. She managed to murmur, “My God.”
“Wouldn’t that have made you happy?”
“Thank God you didn’t come. You really don’t know how much she hated you?”
“Hated me? Don’t be so cruel, Bertha. Why would she hate me?”
“You know exactly why and you also know that I hate you.” She wagged her finger at him. “If you ever even try to come close to me—”
“Bertha, please, don’t be angry with me. I never wanted to hurt you.”
“I don’t want to see you ever again. I told you that before. Never again. I hate you, damn it! I hate you!” And she ran away.




Chapter 63
___________________



When Anya came to work on Wednesday morning, Pamela Barry immediately ambushed her, demanding, “Where have you been? I almost never see you.”
Anya told her that she had followed Benny Martin. Then she explained what had happened, how the killer had pushed her and she had hit her head against the wall.
“Unbelievable. Why didn’t you call me?”
“I’m sorry. I was in shock.”
“Are you alright?”
“Yes, I’m fine now.”
“Thank goodness.” Pamela was silent for a few moments. “It’s terrible to think about what might have happened to you.”
“Yes, that’s true.”
Then Pamela pointed at her. “Do you know what you could do right this minute?”
“What?”
“Sit down at your computer and write the story. Write everything you learned about Benny Martin and how you almost lost your life following him.”
“But …”
“No buts. Start writing. The story will be fantastic. We mustn’t lose any time. Thank God I have you, Anya, thank God.”
Anya didn’t dare resist. Although she was angry and tired, she put her fingers on the keyboard. She didn’t really expect anything else from her boss. For her, only the magazine is important, nothing else.
Writing the story, Anya felt as if she were experiencing it all over again. She had to stop several times when the anxiety closed in on her. She pressed on all the same.
When the story was completed, Pamela said to Anya, “Wonderful. If I work all day, maybe I’ll succeed in getting the magazine out tomorrow.” And then she was gone.

*

Anya called her friend, Jane Wells. “I’m sorry to be calling you so often recently.” Anya told her how she had almost lost her life.
“But that’s madness, Anya! You must be more careful!”
“I promise I’ll stop, but there’s still one thing I’d like to know.”
“What?”
“I’d like you to tell me who the relatives of Patricia Bellows are and especially who inherits her wealth.”
Jane’s voice sounded interested. “That’s not a stupid idea. Money is usually the motive for murder. Hold on, I’ll type in her name immediately. … Here it is.”
“What does it say?”
“Hmm …. Her mother is deceased. There were the two sisters, and a father, Edgar. She has no other relatives.”
Anya asked in excitement, “So the two of them will inherit everything?”
“Unless there is something else in the will.”
“Thank you, Jane. I guess I’ll look for Bertha Hoff and talk to her right away.”
“Anya, that’s not smart. If the sister was actually behind her murder, it could even be dangerous.”
“In any case, I intend to pay her a visit.”

*

“Sit down, Anya,” Bertha said. “I’m glad you came.”
“How are you?” her husband, Hunter, asked.
“Fine.” Anya took the same well-worn, blue upholstered chair as the last time she was there.
Bertha said, “How is the investigation progressing?”
“Badly,” Anya responded coldly. “Benny Martin is dead.”
“What did you say?” Bertha asked sharply. “Who’s dead?”
“Benny and a girl who was with him. They’re both dead.”
“How is that possible?” Hunter said.
“I don’t know,” Anya said, shaking her head angrily. She told them how she had found herself at the construction site, how Benny and the girl entered the half-finished building. “I followed them into the building, through a different entrance. I went up to the first floor and heard a woman screaming.” Then she told them all the other details.
“Impossible,” Hunter said.
Anya replied, “The killer left four deep cuts in Benny Martin’s body. The police think it was the same person who killed Patricia.”
“No!” The word exploded from Bertha’s mouth. “Benny Martin killed my sister.”
“I don’t think he killed her,” Anya said. “Somebody else killed her and has now taken revenge on Benny.”
A long silence followed.
When it seemed appropriate, Anya continued. “I must ask you a question that seems extremely important to me now.”
Both of them nodded.
“Patricia had assets worth several million dollars. Who will inherit?”
Hunter’s gaze fell for an instant. Bertha sighed and said, “Patricia had a will and I stand to inherit everything as her sister.”
Another silence.
“I’m sorry for my directness, but if you want me to eliminate you as possible suspects, I have to ask where you were on the night of Patricia’s murder. And also where you were yesterday afternoon when Benny and that girl were killed.”
“But you don’t think …” Hunter said.
“I don’t think anything anymore. The two of you had a motive to kill Patricia, so the question is justified. Where were you that evening?”
Bertha’s eyes suddenly emerged from the dark caves into which they had sunk. Her cheeks were streaked with violet. “I’m sorry that this has occurred to you at all, but I’ll answer your question.” Her gaze rested briefly on Hunter. “We were at our neighbor’s that evening, the Wrights, for dinner. You can go see them and confirm. As far as yesterday afternoon is concerned, Hunter and I went to the movies. Wait. I still have the ticket stubs.” She went into the next room and returned a few moments later. “Here they are.”
Anya verified the date and the hour. Everything was as Bertha said. “Alright. Now I can eliminate you as suspects. Don’t hold it against me. I’m very upset about what happened yesterday and I decided to find out if you had anything to do with it. I’m happy you didn’t, but who, then …”
Bertha’s face still had not lost its violet color. “I can’t stop thinking about Benny being dead. I can’t understand it. What’s happening?”
She kept glancing at Hunter, who simply shook his head.
“I don’t know, darling. I have no idea what it means.”
Anya stood up and walked toward the door.
“Wait!” called Bertha. “There’s something I want to tell you.”
“Yes?”
“Patricia kept a diary. She had several notebooks in which she wrote the details of her life. She told me that once.”
“And do you know where the notebooks are?”
“Unfortunately not. You’ll have to ask the police if they found them. Maybe there is some important information in them.”
“Fine. I’ll ask.”
Bertha and Hunter accompanied her to the door. Anya looked at them as they stood by her side. She had two impressions: that they were surprised by the turn of events and that they were genuinely hiding something.




Chapter 64
___________________



I told Bertha about my wonderful experience with Benny. Tears of happiness fell from my eyes as I told her.
“You’ll have beautiful children,” she commented.
Children? Yes, I have often thought about children.
As I put the telephone down, it rang again. I jumped up and ran to get it, hoping it was Benny. I cannot get him out of my head.
Oh my God, again that muffled voice. Again someone threatening me. Who would joke like that? What should I do? Should I call the police?
I took a sedative and decided to call Bertha for advice.
We talked on the phone for a good twenty minutes. I told her I was getting threatening phone calls, that I didn’t know what to do. I started to cry and was seized by a sort of hysteria.
“Don’t call the police,” she instructed me. “It’s probably some sort of lunatic who got your telephone number. Have you ever thought what would happen if journalists found out about that?”
“Yes. That’s why I haven’t mentioned it to anyone, but now I’m getting worried. Why would someone joke like that? Why would the caller talk about my sins?”
“You, of all people, haven’t committed any sins. Believe me, this person will stop sooner or later. I suggest you don’t get too agitated and simply hang up the phone the next time he calls.”
“Yes, you’re right. I don’t know why it upset me so much. Even now, I start shaking if I so much as think of that voice.”
“Calm down. Can you do that?”
“I think I can. I’m sorry for always bothering you.”
“You can call me anytime you like.”
“I love you.”
“Yes, I know. You’ll be alright now. I have to get back to work.”
I never managed to calm down. I don’t know what has upset me more: the threatening phone call or the fact that Benny didn’t call.
At five in the afternoon, I started crying hysterically. I took two more sedatives. Why doesn’t he call? Why doesn’t he want to be with me?
Ten minutes have passed and I am sleepy and dazed. Do I hear the phone ringing? Yes, it is ringing. Someone is calling. But my legs are so heavy, I don’t feel like getting up now.
I barely stood up before I fell by the side of the bed. I don’t hear the ringing anymore. I’d better lie down.




Chapter 65
___________________



Susan Hastings was the next name that occurred to Anya Horvat. She was a good friend of Patricia Bellows. I can learn more about Bertha Hoff from her.
“Hello, Susan.”
“I thought you weren’t going to call again.”
“I had lots of work and, in the end, it turns out I was looking in the wrong direction.” She told her how someone had killed Benny Martin and the girl.
“But that’s horrible!” Susan exclaimed.
Anya immediately added that she suspected Bertha Hoff because she was the only one with a motive for murder. “I asked her where she was the night her sister was murdered, and she answered immediately that she was at her neighbor’s. Then I asked where she was when Benny was killed and she said she was with her husband at the movies. She even showed me her ticket stubs. Everything seemed too perfect, as if her answers had been prepared ahead of time.”
Susan picked up a fan and cooled her face. “I need something to drink. This news has really shocked me. Can I serve you some punch?”
“I’d prefer something without alcohol.”
“Of course. I’ll bring you fresh lemonade.”
“It’s hard to believe that Bertha is behind everything,” Susan said after she put the silver tray down on the table. “You know, it would be hard to find two sisters who loved each other more. They spoke to each other on the phone at least three times a day. Patricia was very close to Bertha. That’s why I doubt ….”
“Did Patricia ever mention that they argued?”
“No, never. To the contrary, whenever Patricia had any doubts, she called Bertha immediately. Often she was here talking to me and suddenly had to pick up the phone and call Bertha. I was often irritated but I also envied her. I have a brother who I haven’t seen in two years. We’re not close at all.”
“Have you ever had the opportunity to talk to Bertha? Do you know her personally?”
“Yes. On several occasions, I was out for lunch in the city with Patricia and Bertha stopped by. She often sat down with us and ate.”
“And you never noticed any sign of jealousy? Because Patricia was so wealthy, while the same cannot be said about Bertha. I’ve been in her house.”
“No, I don’t remember that there was any tension between them. Bertha always seemed quite in control of her emotions.”
Anya was still not convinced. “Do you know where Bertha was employed and what she did for a living? I’m also interested in obtaining the same information about her husband.”
“If I’m not mistaken, Bertha works for an accounting firm. As far as her husband, he’s the foreman of an auto shop.”
“So they don’t earn much.”
“Despite it all,” Susan said, “I may end up thinking that Bertha was behind everything. But as I say, I’ve never seen such a close relationship between sisters.”




Chapter 66
___________________



Edgar Vann could hardly stand on his own legs. The meeting with his daughter Bertha had drained all his strength. Only after a couple hours of talking to a stranger did the disappointment in his belly disappear, at which point he finally headed home.
He lived in a small apartment that he had found a couple of months ago. It was located in one of the worst parts of the city, in a four-story apartment building the facade of which was so faded that the original color was long gone.
He frowned as he lay on his dirty old couch. The cat was rubbing against his feet and mewing.
“Leave me alone!” Edgar yelled at it. “Can’t you see I’m tired?”
The cat’s mewing was so loud that it could have woken the neighbors.
“Alright, I’m coming!” He leaned over with difficulty and picked up the two bowls and carried them to the counter. Without washing them, he filled one with water and the other with the cheapest cat food to be bought at the discount market.
“Here you go, you damned animal. I don’t know what got into me when I brought you home. I’d be better off without you.”
He lay down on the couch so heavily that the dust rose into the air.
“Home, sweet home.” He clasped his hands behind the nape of his neck and sighed. The pain in his legs slowly subsided. “Hmm, how nice.” He closed his eyes.
He woke up about twenty minutes later. He shook his head and spat on the floor. The cat had fallen asleep on a shelf.
The man’s eyes sliced through the space. There were a number of photographs hung here and there around the apartment. His gaze came to rest on a picture of a little girl of about six years old. His dried lips stretched and puckered. He scratched himself between his legs.
Then his gaze slid to the right, where the other photographs hung. In some, the girl was eight years old, in another she was nine, and some pictured a woman of more than thirty. “Oh, my Patricia, why did you have to die? I’d hoped that we would be together again.” He banged his hand against the cabinet.
On the far left side, where the cat was sleeping, were four photographs of another little girl. He stared at them for a long time and licked his cracked lips. “Bertha, my love, you disappointed me today. You didn’t show me even a thimbleful of respect. I cannot understand it.”
The cat lazily lifted its head.
“I guess I didn’t choose the best moment. She was in a bad mood. I’ll try again some other time.”




Chapter 67
___________________



“She could have taken better care of these cabinets. Look, the edge is all scratched. She was always so careless,” said Bertha and stared angrily at her husband.
Hunter nodded. “Yes, it’s true. Patricia must have banged on this cabinet with something.”
“And look at these scratches around the door. I don’t know how she managed to do that. We’ll have to replace them. Why would someone have such a gorgeous apartment if they didn’t know how to take care of it?”
Hunter leaned over and rubbed his hand over the scratches. He didn’t say anything.
They went into the bathroom. Bertha turned on the water and looked glumly at the bath. “It looks as if the maid used an abrasive cleanser.” Still in a bad mood, she turned suddenly and inadvertently stepped on Hunter’s toes. Hunter yelped in pain.
“Why are you standing right behind me?”
Bertha left the room and Hunter followed.
Surveying the living room up and down, she said, “I can already sense how much trouble we’ll have selling this apartment. People will want to know who lived here. I can only imagine how they’ll react when they learn that someone killed my sister here and cut her more than fifty times with a knife.”
“Don’t worry. We’ll find a buyer.”
“Patricia didn’t know how to care for beautiful things. Even as a child, she could destroy a toy in an instant. I remember a doll I played with for almost three years. It was beautiful and well preserved until she got her hands on it. Within a week she’d torn one of its arms off. Horrible.”
In the kitchen, Bertha discovered that none of the four burners on the stove worked. “I don’t know why she never called the serviceman. It’s carelessness, nothing else.”
She found a flaw in nearly every room and complained about them. Her husband walked behind her the whole time, shaking his head.
Finally, they went into the bedroom where Patricia was killed. Because no one had cleaned up the blood, it had turned dark brown, making the scene look even worse.
“My God, it stinks in this room. Where will we get a cleaning service to clean up this mess?” Bertha exclaimed.
Hunter remained near the door. “I feel sick,” he managed to say.
“Alright, alright. We’re leaving. I wanted to see how bad it was. I doubt we can save the bed.” She dropped to her knees and looked under the bed. “There’s dried blood all over the floor.” She scraped her nails across the marble. “Who knows if someone will even be able to clean this? Maybe I should do it myself.”
Hunter grimaced and said, “Maybe it would be better if you got someone else to do it.”
As they took the elevator down to the basement, Hunter still looked nauseous. His face was white as chalk.
“Stand up straight,” Bertha told him. “You look like a girl. So you saw a little dried blood.” She measured him coolly with her eyes. “You were always weak.”
“Leave me alone. I’ll be fine.”
They came to the second basement, where Patricia had a parking space. Bertha grumbled as she looked for Patricia’s car. “That journalist suspects that we killed her. Can you imagine? That little bitch! It’s time that someone took her in hand.”
“She suspects us because we stand to inherit everything. That’s only normal.”
She turned sharply toward him. “I’ll give you normal. That bitch will get hers.”
“I was only saying—”
“Here’s Patricia’s car. I can’t believe it. I knew it. Look!” She pointed at a deep dent in the car. “That idiot bumped into something. Do you see? She never took care of anything. The cleaning service alone will cost our whole inheritance. She was a spoiled brat, nothing but a brat.”




Chapter 68
___________________



The knuckles on Anya’s hands hurt but that didn’t stop her. She rubbed all the harder, making circular motions. The thought of how the bathroom would shine later gave her a pleasant feeling. The sense of cleanliness and order always made her feel calm, almost as if she had taken a pill. She often wondered if something was wrong with her because whenever she was anxious or irritated she had to clean.
When was the last time I scrubbed this bathroom? She tried to remember. Was it only two days ago? She licked her lips. Oh well, so what? It will shine even more with this new cleanser. She squeezed an extra dollop on her foamy sponge.
She thought about Bertha Hoff as she scrubbed. Could she have killed her sister for the money? What if her husband talked her into it? He always seemed suspicious to me.
What if they hired a professional killer? Whatever happened, tomorrow I’ll go to the neighbors and ask if they were really there for dinner.
But why would she have had Benny Martin killed? If Bertha and Hunter were behind it, it would be ideal if everyone thought Benny was the killer. Something is not right.
If I assume they didn’t do it, then who could the murderer be? Maybe one of her former patients. Patricia had dealings with a lot of disturbed people. Someone might have had a grudge against her. Who knows? In any case, I have a lot of work to do.
I’ll clean the toilet and then I’ll stop. What if one of Patricia’s patients fell in love with her and she wouldn’t let him get close? In that case, an attack on Benny becomes entirely logical.
Anya stood up and carefully straightened her body. She had hurt her back before as a result of making a sudden movement. She looked around her. With the bathroom impeccably clean, she almost purred with satisfaction.
She boiled water for tea. Holding her teacup, she felt suddenly nauseous and dizzy. She knew it was a result of the cleanser she used and went out onto the balcony for fresh air. It’s a pity that the best cleansers have side effects. I should use a protective mask.
Sitting on the balcony and looking up at the starry sky, Anya let her thoughts wander to Andrew. She remembered how much she desired him. She had never felt so good with a man. On several occasions, she had looked at him surreptitiously and felt an attraction she had never felt before. How many times had she wondered if she was attracted to men at all? Why had she never felt anything like this before?
She was attracted to Andrew. When she looked at his broad shoulders and strong hands, she longed to be in his arms. Not too quickly, of course. In the romantic books she had read, the man courted the woman for many months and sexual relations came only after marriage.
Anya longingly remembered the feel of his lips on hers. So, I am attracted to men. If I find Andrew attractive, then there’s nothing wrong with me. She had sometimes wondered if she was attracted to women. Once, she had bought a magazine filled with pictures of naked women and studied it closely. None of the girls were so attractive that she’d want to go to bed with them.
But she wanted Andrew. She wanted him more than she’d ever wanted anyone. She sighed bitterly. But when he started to fondle me in that dirty office …. The moment she had felt his hand under her sweater, she had opened her eyes and looked around at the filthy furniture. Rather than enjoying his touch, she had wondered when the office had last been cleaned. And when she felt his hand on her breast, she froze.
She felt better in the fresh air. She began to imagine how the story should have continued. We should have kissed for at least an hour. All the time, he would be whispering to me about how much he liked me and how he had never known a woman like me. His hands would caress me but not on the intimate parts of my body. She clenched her teeth. I don’t want him to touch me. A sudden flash of anger warmed her cheeks.
That evening, Anya thought about him for at least two hours. She kept returning to the moment when they first kissed. She didn’t think about the second part of the story that upset her. Finally, in a daze, she climbed into her bed.
As she pulled the blanket up to her neck and closed her eyes, she imagined Andrew kissing her good night. Yes, yes, kiss me and then go sleep in the next room. That would be wonderful. And she was already asleep.




Chapter 69
___________________



The reader stared deeply into the notebook with a hard blue cover. His eyes slid across the beautiful writing, suppressing sensations of rage, remorse, and passion. He wiped the drops of sweat that had gathered on his brow and wondered if they were the result of the emotions that overcame him or simply the excessive heat from the electric radiator.
He put down the blue notebook and picked up another, with a red cover. Looking through the window, he wondered if he should even read it.

Michael and I have been seeing each other for more than a year now, and yet we never slept together. I blame myself. From the very beginning, Michael tried now and again but I always pushed him away, saying it wasn’t the right time. Eventually he stopped and I thought he was being polite and respecting my wishes. Today he surprised me with the sudden statement that it was time for us to get married. As I opened my mouth to say that was out of the question, he told me that he was a homosexual.
How could he ask for my hand and tell me that horrible news at the same time? Michael likes boys and the whole time I thought I was the problem. Oh, how mistaken I was!
What should I do? I think it would be best if I called Bertha and spoke to her. She’ll know what to do.
“He told you he was gay? So what? He likes men.”
“How can you say that? I can’t marry a man who likes men.”
“Look, Patricia. Michael is very rich. He’s worth several million dollars. To be able to marry a man like that is incredibly lucky.”
“I was never interested in his money,” I said, horrified.
“Yes, I know. Still, it does matter. And you like him. You’ve told me many times how much Michael means to you. Isn’t that so?”
“Yes, I get along with him very well, but I thought—”
“Do you even want to sleep with men?”
I was angry with her for asking such intimate things. “I don’t really have those needs, but still ….”
“There, you see. Listen to my advice. Marry Michael. In the worst case, you can get divorced in five years and you’ll get to keep a cool million for your trouble.”
“It’s not the money I care about.”
“Do you love him or not?”
“Of course I love him.”
“Then what are you worried about? Marry him while the offer’s good. Now I have to go. I have lots of work to do.”
I was shocked by her response, but it gave me something to think about.
I slept more than three hours in the afternoon because I took a sedative. That wasn’t so smart, as I certainly will have trouble sleeping tonight. But the fact is I am calmer and cannot see what is so tragic about the whole situation. So what if Michael and I don’t sleep together? Is sex that important? What’s most important is that we love each other. Michael is my closest friend and I would hate to lose him. Bertha’s right. I lose nothing if I marry him.




Chapter 70
___________________



The following day, Anya paid a visit to Katelyn Wright, a pleasant woman in her forties with lively aubergine-purple hair. She owned her own hair salon where another stylist worked in addition to her. Katelyn immediately offered to style Anya’s hair while they talked about Bertha Hoff. Anya hesitated at first but when Katelyn persisted, she agreed.
“Have you ever thought about lightening your hair?”
Anya shook her head in confusion. She had no intention of changing the color of her hair.
“I really think you should lighten it a touch. And I would take about an inch off, to liven it up.”
Anya looked at herself in the mirror. “I don’t know ….”
“I don’t have any other customer at the moment. While I make you look like a princess, we’ll chat about Bertha. I won’t charge you a thing.”
“Alright,” Anya agreed at last. She thought, If the price for this conversation is my hair, then I’ll make the sacrifice. What else is left? Still, I hope she doesn’t ruin my looks.
Katelyn began applying the dye to her hair. “I like working on people like you the best. You have no time to visit a hairdresser and then, when you least expect it, I catch you in my net.” She laughed. “Wait until you see how great you’ll look. So tell me, what do you want to know about Bertha Hoff? Do you work for the police?”
“No, nothing like that. I’m a journalist and I’m writing a story about Patricia Bellows, who was Bertha Hoff’s sister.”
“Bertha was a nervous wreck because of that. I think she’s been taking antianxiety medication since then. It’s really had an effect on her.”
“How long have you known Bertha?” Anya asked.
“Oh, an eternity. We’ve been neighbors at least ten years, if not more.” She applied more dye to Anya’s hair. “You’re going to look gorgeous. I guarantee it.”
“I heard that they were quite close.”
Katelyn stopped for a moment and looked in the mirror. “Yes, Patricia was extremely closed to Bertha, constantly calling her on the phone. Bertha never complained, but I know it got on her nerves. I guess you could say that Bertha was also close to her.”
“What about her husband, Hunter?”
“Hunter’s a good guy. I’ve never known such a patient person. You know, Bertha can be quite difficult. He never says anything. He’s clearly very much in love with her.”
“I won’t beat around the bush. I should ask you directly. On the evening of Patricia’s murder, Bertha and Hunter said that they were visiting you. Can you confirm that?”
“Of course I can. Are they now suspects?”
Anya shrugged her shoulders. “I’d like to eliminate them from my investigation and that’s why I need a statement from you. So they really were with you that evening?”
The woman looked at her gravely. “Yes, I can state with certainty that Hunter and Bertha did not kill Patricia because they were with me.”
“How long were they with you?”
“Let me think. They came at about eight in the evening and stayed until almost midnight.”
“Alright. Then that’s okay.”
They chatted for another hour, until Anya’s hair was finished. The more she looked in the mirror, the more she liked the lighter brown color. The cut itself was fresh and fashionable. “I would like to pay you. How much do I owe?”
“You can pay next time,” Katelyn insisted. “I want you to be happy with it.”
“No, I must.” Anya hated the feeling of being indebted to anyone.
“Alright, if you insist. But come again sometime.”
Anya promised she’d come the following month.

*

She headed for the police station.
“Do you know anything about the diaries that Patricia Bellows wrote?” she asked special agent John Pickens.
“No, we don’t know anything about any diaries,” he responded. “You still haven’t given up yet. Don’t you remember that you almost paid with your life?”
She leaned in toward him. “I don’t know what you’re thinking, but I can tell you what I think. The Hoffs might have been the killers. Together they had an excellent motive. Bertha will inherit all of Patricia’s money. It is certainly a possibility. The only thing that troubles me is that Benny Martin was also killed. It doesn’t make sense.”
The special agent rolled his eyes and said, “We’re thinking pretty much the same thing.”
“On the other hand, one of her former patients might have killed her. What if one of them had fallen in love with Patricia? He might have killed her and later went after Benny Martin.”
“What about the girl who was with him?”
Anya scratched her nose. “I really don’t know about her. I hoped you would help me. Maybe she was an accidental victim.”
“Interesting idea. We’ve looked into her background. She was a prostitute.”
Anya was shocked. “I don’t understand how he could go out with a prostitute right after Patricia died. He told me he loved her.”
The special agent shrugged his shoulders. “Maybe that’s exactly why he went to a prostitute. Maybe he needed sexual release.”
Anya looked at him with disgust. “I’ll never understand how men can be such pigs.”
The special agent’s cheeks turned red. “You don’t need to generalize. I’m just thinking out loud.”
“Oh, I’m sorry!” She tucked a strand of hair behind her right ear. “But I can’t help wondering. If the diaries exist, as Bertha says they do, why did the murderer take them?”
“Hard to say. Maybe he didn’t want anyone else to know about her life.”
She nodded. “Yes, exactly that. Something happened in her life and we need to find out what it was.” Anya picked up her purse.
“Now wait a minute. You’re not supposed to be finding out anything. Leave that to the police.”
“Alright,” Anya said, “I will from now on.” She was already at the door.
The special agent called after her, “Take care of yourself, Miss Horvat.”




Chapter 71
___________________



Michael took a room about two hours from the city, in a small hotel with a view of a lake. The entrance was magnificent, lined with olive trees, and windows decorated with red and yellow blossoms. The spacious meadow in front of the hotel had a clearing with arranged tables and chairs, all adorned with bows and ribbons and other decorations.
Around the grounds of the hotel were plains and high woods. Sheep grazed in the pure landscape, not far from the building. It looked like a fairytale. Oh, and I forgot to mention the ice sculptures, which I hadn’t seen at that point. Those came later.
“Now, darling,” Michael said, “we have to go to the church, which is about two miles from here.”
I was speechless, frozen in place, still staring at the hotel. I felt guilty because I hadn’t helped in the planning of the wedding. At that time I had a lot of pressure at work.
“How many people are invited?” I felt sorry I hadn’t asked him before. I had mentioned once that I don’t like big crowds, and I suddenly had the overwhelming feeling that the seats at the long tables in front of the house would accommodate far more than thirty people.
He smiled slyly. “I have a big family. I had to invite them. You know that.”
I felt pressure in my chest. “How many will come, Michael?”
“I reckon there won’t be more than four hundred and fifty.”
“Four hundred and fifty? Have you gone mad?”
He smiled and only then did I realize what an adventure was in store for me. “Good heavens! How much money did you spend on this?”
“I told you I want a magnificent wedding. I want people to talk about us.”
I felt overcome by panic. “Oh, they’ll talk, that’s for sure.” I rummaged through my handbag in search of an antianxiety pill.
Luckily, Bertha was waiting in the church. I grabbed her and whispered in her ear, “It’s all your fault. He’s invited four hundred and fifty people.”
“What did you think?” she answered. “You knew he was rich.”
Michael accompanied me to a small room where two women I didn’t know helped me get ready. One took care of my clothes, the other put on my makeup.
“Smile,” Bertha said. “You look as if someone’s died.”
“Okay, okay. I’m trying.”
“It’s your day. You’re the princess. Everyone will envy you.”
I wanted to tell her that I didn’t care about other people, but one of the two women poked me in the ribs. “Hurry, madam, the groom is waiting.”
I was seized by panic again. “No, I won’t go! I don’t want to get married! It’s all your fault. Why are you forcing me into this?”
“Don’t be an idiot,” Bertha said through her teeth, shoving another pill into my mouth. “Here’s some water. Watch how you drink so you don’t ruin your lipstick.”
I don’t remember much after that. I only know that I resisted for a moment and then became numb. All of a sudden, I was in front of a crowd of people who were toasting me. I might have even smiled at them.
Soon I was standing in front of the altar and listening to the priest. I shook my head at one point because it felt as if it were in a cloud.
In the end, he asked me if I wanted to take Michael as my husband. I don’t know what I was thinking right at that moment. I only know that I turned toward Bertha, who nodded her head vigorously. My eyes lingered on the crowd, which was waiting, open-mouthed, for me to answer. And finally I opened mine and said “I do.”
A long and intoxicating kiss followed. Michael knew how to give a passionate kiss.
Only about an hour later, after I drank some water and had something to eat, did I feel like myself again. Even Michael said I had seemed strange. Who knew what kind of pill Bertha had shoved into my mouth.
I had a good time later. I danced with my father-in-law, who told me at least ten times how happy he was that his son had finally gotten married. I realized that he probably knew about, or at least suspected, his inclinations, and was relieved. I also talked with Michael’s mother. She told me many things about her son and wept throughout. I met his brothers and sisters and cousins.
“Why didn’t you introduce me to your family before?” I reproached him.
He explained that there hadn’t been time.
There were so many relatives that I couldn’t keep them straight. I only know I felt badly because none of mine had come. Only my beloved Bertha was with me, and my co-workers.
When I mentioned this to Bertha, she scolded me. “Don’t ever complain about this magnificent wedding. His family is now your family. So what if you have no parents? Be happy that you’ve found a wonderful and rich husband. From this moment onward, your life will be like a fairytale.”
“Yes,” I sighed, and hugged her tight. “My life will be like a fairytale.”
“Finally we’ll be alright again,” she whispered, and then disappeared into the crowd.
I didn’t understand what she meant by that. She already had a family and was happy. I don’t know how many times she had told me that she doesn’t need money. Oh, my beloved Bertha, she just talks and talks. I love her so much.
The day passed in a flash. Late at night, at about four in the morning, Michael and I went to the hotel apartment. He was quite drunk.
“The lady must be carried across the threshold,” he said.
“Oh stop,” I said, and resisted though his offer made me happy. He took me around the waist and easily lifted me. That was the first time I realized how strong he was.
He carried me straight to the bed and lay beside me.
“What do you say? Was the wedding grand enough for you?”
“People will certainly talk about it,” I answered.
“Oh, I’m sorry, darling. I got carried away. I almost forgot my duties.”
In an instant, he took off his shoes and his shirt and pants. In the next moment, he pulled down his underwear and I was terrified by his nudity. I had never seen him without his underwear before.
“Why are you staring at me like that? Haven’t you seen a naked man before?”
“Of course I have,” I answered, still feeling an indescribable fear.
“Are you ready for us to make love now?”
I looked away. Hadn’t he told me that he was a homosexual? “Michael, I can’t.”
“What do you mean? You’re my wife.” His tone was serious.
“I know. But I can’t. I drank too much and my head hurts.”
“You really don’t want to?”
“I really don’t. Maybe tomorrow or the day after.”
He shrugged his shoulders and pulled the blanket up to cover his swollen manhood. “I wanted to do you a favor. But if you don’t want it, then forget it.”
I was relieved.
“Did you see how pleased my father was?”
“Yes. He told me several times how happy he was that you finally got married.”
“He caught me a couple times with my schoolmate.”
“Really?”
“Yes, and since then he constantly threatened to disinherit me. Now everything’s alright. We’ll be able to fully enjoy his wealth, won’t we, darling?”
I didn’t know what to say to him. Fortunately, he fell asleep almost immediately.
All’s well that ends well, I thought, turning on my side and trying to fall asleep. But I kept seeing the naked Michael standing in front of me. He really scared me when he took off his pants like that.




Chapter 72
___________________



Lan impatiently paced up and down in his office as he waited for Bertha Hoff. He had no idea what could be so urgent. She had called that morning and demanded time for a meeting.
“I’m sorry I’m late. I’m on leave from my job and I have so much work at home that I barely managed to come,” Bertha said.
“Of course. Please sit down.”
“It’s nice and warm here. I admired your office the last time I was here. The entire hospital is quite cold, but it’s warm here.”
“Thank you.”
She crossed her arms over her chest. “You know, I sometimes have a difficult time expressing myself.”
“Just say what’s troubling you.”
“Alright, I will. I’ll say it straight out, without beating around the bush. I want you to take over the management of the hospital.”
The moment before, Lan had been leaning comfortably back in his chair. Now he leaned forward sharply. “What? What do you mean?”
“Exactly what I said. The hospital needs a capable and qualified director.”
“Oh ....” He was almost speechless. He had never thought of himself as the director of such an institution. “But we already have a director, Lisa Richards, she—”
Bertha Hoff smiled and lifted her gaze. “Look, Dr. Hampton. I’ve always been a good judge of people. When somebody is hiding something, I feel it and, up until now, I’ve not made any trouble. But that Lisa, I don’t know. Something’s not right there. Do you think I want to be here every day? I’d rather stay home and watch television.”
“But ….” He wanted to tell her that Lisa was a capable woman, but something held him back. The thought that he might be the director had distracted him and filled his mind with pleasant thoughts: he would have a higher salary and everyone would have to do what he said.
“Whenever I come to see what’s happening,” Bertha Hoff was saying, “some part of the work is poorly done. The hospital is in poor condition. The cleanliness in the kitchen is dreadful, not to mention the food. The rooms are poorly maintained; the bedding is poorly laundered. Believe me, I fear what else I might discover.”
Lan was still daydreaming. He thought about a different kind of psychiatric hospital. If he were the director, he’d paint the halls and the rooms. Get brightly colored bedding. Anybody who came in would have a feeling of being at home, would feel better already …. He’d install a sauna and a Jacuzzi, so patients could relax.
“What are you thinking about, Dr. Hampton?”
He jerked as if he’d just woken up. “Oh, I’m sorry. I got carried away in my thoughts. I am so grateful that you would even consider me for this post and I have many ideas. But all the same, I still think … well, there’s Lisa Richards.”
“Don’t worry about Lisa for a moment. What ideas? Imagine you are the director of the hospital. What would you change?”
He told Bertha the ideas that had passed through his mind.
“Amazing. I have a similar vision,” she said. “You’re a genius, Dr. Hampton.”
He blushed. “Oh, now, come on ….”
She got up from her chair. “Think about my suggestion. Take some time. Many things would have to be arranged. But in the near future ….”




Chapter 73
___________________



The moment the guard called Lisa Richards and told her that Bertha Hoff had paid a visit to Dr. Hampton, Lisa felt the uncomfortable sensation of crawling goose bumps. She went and listened at the door.
When she heard what they were speaking about, she couldn’t take her ear from the door. She listened until the very last moment.
That damn bitch, she thought as she returned to her office. It’s time for revenge. I can’t take this anymore.




Chapter 74
___________________



As Anya was putting the key in her car door, her cell phone rang. The number belonged to her boss, Pamela.
“Hello.”
“Hello, Anya. I called to tell you that the magazine was completely sold out by eleven this morning. Your story has obviously excited readers.”
“That’s fantastic,” Anya said happily. “How many issues did we print?”
“Good question. After much thought, I decided to print twice as many as usual. I couldn’t sleep all night, after I made that decision. Now, just think, we’ve sold everything. I called the printer five minutes ago. Tomorrow morning there will be six times more copies on the shelves than there were today. It’s amazing. If it continues like this, we’ll be completely out of our difficulties.”
“I’m really happy. And you really think it’s because of my story?”
“Definitely, Anya, it’s on the front cover. People keep calling and saying how brave you are. Even the competing newspapers have called. They want to interview you. You have my permission, if you want to. They’ll certainly pay you good money.”
Anya looked around her in confusion. “Does that mean that people will recognize me on the street?”
“Yes, I bet they will. From today on, you’ll be famous. Everyone will know how brave you were. Come to the office right away. We’re all so excited that we’ve stopped working. We’ve ordered champagne and food. We must celebrate.”
“I’ll be right there.” Anya hung up the phone.
On her way to work, she became more and more worried. What if the murderer sees the magazine? He could figure out about me from the details in the story. I’m not going to give any interviews, she decided. That’s all I need: for the murderer to recognize me.

*

The reception at her workplace pleasantly surprised her. Pamela hugged her as if she were an old friend and then gave a twenty-minute speech. She praised Anya’s selfless sacrifices and her efforts to save the magazine. Her co-workers congratulated and praised her and some were even crying from happiness.
“I … I don’t know how to start. … I never expected such a party. In the end, all I did was my job. And thank you, Pamela, for such a wonderful speech. I don’t know what to say. I’m so confused.”
One of her co-workers asked her, “How did you get the idea to follow Benny Martin?”
Anya shook her head and answered, “I don’t really know how I could have been so stupid!”
Everyone in the room laughed.
“I guess I didn’t have anything better to do. Everything pointed to Benny Martin.” She put her hand on her heart. “Believe me, if I knew what was going to happen, I never would have followed him onto that construction site.”
Pamela laughed so hard, tears ran down her cheeks. The others were also laughing.
At that moment, a young man and a young woman came into the room with trays of food.
Pamela announced to the gathering, “Today we won’t work. We’re going to celebrate the success of our magazine selling twice our usual print run by eleven in the morning. And all of this is because of Anya.”
More applause and toasts.
“Do you have any idea who really killed Patricia Bellows?” Pamela asked.
“No, unfortunately not. It’s clear that I’m going to have to figure that out. Either me or the police.”
“Who are the suspects now?”
“I have some ideas.”
“How horrible,” Pamela Barry’s secretary commented. “I would never dare follow a murderer. Brava, Anya, how brave you are.”
Anya was amazed at how self-confident she felt. The success and fame had gone to her head. Hadn’t she decided she wouldn’t continue with the investigation? She swallowed. “Where was I? Oh yes …”
Glasses of champagne were filled one after another. Later, Pamela praised Anya even more. The party lasted until six in the evening and some revelers were already so drunk they had to call taxis, as they were incapable of driving safely home.

*

Walking along the street, Anya tried to remember how many glasses she had drunk. She was wise enough not to attempt driving, preferring to walk instead.
She couldn’t stop thinking about Andrew. Why doesn’t he call? That kiss that he planted on her lips had left a lasting trace and she couldn’t help recalling the moment over and over again.
Maybe he’s no longer interested in me since I rejected him. What man would want a mature woman, nearly forty years old, who is afraid of sex?
She bumped her bag against the trunk of a tree that was growing beside the sidewalk. She realized in an instant that such behavior was not appropriate in public. How idiotically you act when you’re drunk. She tucked her purse under her arm and tried to walk straight.
She hardly realized that she was searching for her telephone. If he doesn’t call me, I’ll call him. Her heart was pounding loudly. How can I let a man drive me off the rails like this?
The phone rang and rang but nobody answered. Finally, she cut the connection and sadly gazed at a little girl playing by herself in a yard in front of a house. I guess he’s had enough of me.
After ten minutes, she felt so depressed that she started to cry.
Andrew called her five minutes after that. “Anya! Hello! I’m so glad you called. I didn’t hear it ring because there were so many people in the bar. You know how noisy it gets. How are you?”
“I’m fine. I was walking through the city and thinking of you. We had a party at work and I drank too much champagne. Then I went outside to get some fresh air.”
“It’s nice that you were thinking of me. I’ll join you if you like. A little fresh air would suit me too.”
He had surprised her again. She had called him because she wanted to hear his voice, but not to see him right away. “Why not?” she said impulsively.
She told him where she was and he said he’d be there in fifteen minutes.
There were so many things she wanted to talk about. What should I do? The people at work definitely want me to continue the investigation. But is that what I want? Do I really want to figure out who killed Patricia Bellows? Is it worth the risk? In the end, my life is at stake. What if the murderer decides to get rid of me? All he needs to do is buy a copy of Clarice to know that I am the one he pushed in that building. What if it’s a serial killer who has discovered his dark passion? These thoughts threw her into a panic again. I need to talk to someone.

*

She cheered up when she saw Andrew. He was dressed in black corduroy pants and a dark-blue jacket. He struck her as very attractive.
“Hello!”
“I called you because I wanted to talk,” she admitted. “So many things have happened and I have no one to advise me.”
“Of course. Tell me everything.” He gently held her by a shoulder and they continued to walk side by side.
“Remember I told you that I had to find another job.”
“Yes, you said you were looking and that you were very worried.”
She nodded. “Today everything changed. My story about following Benny Martin came out in Clarice today. By eleven o’clock, twice the ordinary print run sold out. Can you imagine?”
“They published your story?”
“If you buy Clarice, you’ll see it. My picture’s on the cover of the magazine.”
“Unbelievable.”
“I’m coming from the office right now. My boss organized a wonderful party for me and everyone praised my hard work. Pamela said I rescued the magazine, at least temporarily. We celebrated for hours.”
“That’s great. Now you don’t have to worry about your job.”
“Not for the time being. I’m not completely convinced that Clarice is out of the woods, but we can relax for a couple of months at least. But now there’s another problem. Everyone expects that I’ll continue with the investigation. I’m worried because of my picture on the cover. What if the murderer recognizes me? My life may be in danger.”
Andrew stood in front of her and put his hands on her shoulders. “Don’t scare me. You mustn’t take any risks.”
“I’m also scared. Everyone expects me to keep going. What should I do? And to tell you the truth, I really want to know who killed Patricia Bellows.”
“But is it worth risking your life to find out? I don’t want you to put yourself in danger.”
She looked at him gratefully. “It’s nice that you care about me, but I think I must continue all the same. I won’t put myself in danger, but I’ll keep asking questions.”
“I don’t know. Give it some more thought. I think it would be better—”
“I have a lot of information about Patricia Bellows. She was an extraordinary person. I think we were actually quite similar to one another.” She looked into his eyes. “I want to know who killed her. I think she deserves at least that.”
“That’s true, but do you realize who you’re dealing with? I don’t want anything to happen to you.”
“I promise I’ll take care of myself. But I don’t want to think about it right now. I’ll sleep on it. Then I’ll make a decision.”
They talked about other things for a half hour. He told her he had a small house about two hours from the city. “It stands at the foot of some cliffs and there are trees all around and a river flows by. It’s very beautiful.”
“I’d like to see it,” she said.
“It would be a pleasure to show you. We could go there right now. Or some other time.”
She looked at him in confusion. “Let’s go now. I have nothing else to do.”
He took her hand.
Only later, when the champagne in her blood finally evaporated, did she regret her impulsiveness. She sat nervously in the car and wondered how she would react if he showed his desire for her as he had before.
Fortunately, everything went smoothly. He was very considerate and showed her the house and its surroundings. It was a little over a mile off the main road, below some magnificent cliffs.
“It’s so quiet here,” she commented.
“Unfortunately, the house is awfully old and it needs some renovations.”
“Don’t change anything. I like it the way it is.”
They sat in the yard for about an hour and then headed back to the city. She was pleasantly surprised that he only twice caressed her hair.
They chatted easily during the drive back. She decided that she liked him more and more. She kept looking at him and at one point she wondered if she was maybe in love.
When he pulled up his car next to hers, she leaned in toward him and kissed him on the cheek, feeling very happy.
He turned to her. He wanted to say something but she put her finger to his lips.
“Shh.”
Their lips merged in a long, moist kiss.




Chapter 75
___________________



The reader skimmed through several more pages of the diary. The details Patricia Bellows wrote about her life with Michael Bellows were of little interest. The reader only stopped and lingered at a certain page.

I’ve been waiting more than two hours in the hospital. Michael had felt a sudden pain in his stomach. The poor man screamed so loudly that I finally called an ambulance.
“Hello, madam,” said the doctor. “You’re Mrs. Bellows, aren’t you?”
“Yes,” I said, and nodded.
“Michael has been here several times before. Did you know he was sick?”
“No,” I said, frightened. “He never said anything to me.”
The doctor paused for several seconds. “Your husband is very sick, Mrs. Bellows.”
“How sick? He’ll get better, won’t he?”
“May I tell you the truth?”
“Yes, of course.” My throat constricted.
“Your husband has colon cancer. Unfortunately, it was discovered rather late. Maybe he could have been cured, but Michael refused all medical treatment.”
“That can’t be true. How long has Michael been sick?”
“He first came to us about two years ago.”
“That’s when we got married,” I said quietly. I swallowed a tear that rolled into my mouth.
“I’m sorry I had to tell you this.”
“He should have told me ….” During our two years of marriage, he had become my best friend. And now this doctor was telling me how sick he was. “Are you saying there is nothing we can do? How much time …”
“It’s difficult to say but I think he only has a couple of months left.”
“A couple of months?”
“I’m sorry. I have other patients and I must go. I can bring you a sedative if you think you need one.”
“Thank you. I have my own medications.”
After he left, I telephoned Bertha. I was crying so hysterically that she hardly understood me. Thankfully, she came over to be with me.
“Hug me, Patricia. Hold me tight and cry. But first drink this.”
I have no idea what she gave me. I only know that it made things easier.
Poor Michael. I really love you. I don’t know how I’ll live without you.




Chapter 76
___________________



Lisa was driving her sports car so fast that its right tire banged up against the sidewalk. That was when she noticed the dark-skinned boys who had stopped playing basketball for a moment and were staring at her with open mouths.
Lisa couldn’t care less if she damaged the tire or anything else. She was angry and she urgently needed to talk to someone. She rushed toward the entrance of the tall apartment building.
“Who is it?” The voice came from the intercom.
“It’s me, Lisa. We need to talk.”
“Why didn’t you call?”
“It’s urgent.”
“Okay. Come up.”

*

When Lisa reached his door, a girl in her twenties was on her way out.
“I didn’t know about her,” Lisa said, staring after her.
“I just met her,” Ryan said, and closed the door. “What’s so urgent that it couldn’t wait until morning?”
“I can’t take it anymore. It’s all over.”
“You’re really a nervous wreck. What can’t you take anymore?” He locked the door and followed her into the apartment.
“Our business arrangement at the hospital is over.”
“What do you mean?”
“What I said. It’s only a matter of time before Bertha fires me.”
“Oh, come on now. You’re always complaining that she has something against you. Maybe it’s all in your imagination.”
Lisa looked for an empty glass and poured herself some wine. “I overheard her offering the position of director to Lan.”
“I don’t understand. Why him?”
She laughed foolishly. “It doesn’t matter who she offered it to. What matters is that I won’t be there anymore.”
“I can’t believe it. You must really rub her the wrong way. But she’s not the owner of the hospital.”
“Not yet, she isn’t. But she will be. As far as I know, she’s Patricia’s only relative. So she’ll probably get everything, won’t she?”
“Damn it!” Ryan pounded his fist on the table.
“Yeah, you can swear all you want, but it won’t help.”
He banged the table again and looked out the window. “It’s all your fault. You’re the incompetent one and now we’re both out of a job.”
“Wait one minute! How dare you talk to me that way? Shall I remind you that it all started in the kitchen, where you and your people don’t feel like working? And don’t forget the laundry service.”
“What? I was only away a week. It’s not my fault that I have incompetent employees. The minute I turn my back on them, everything goes to hell.”
“Of course, if you treat them badly. If you knew how to motivate people—”
He moved toward her. “Listen, you little bitch. You won’t tell me how to run my business.” He reached out with his right hand to grab her hair but she moved away from him.
“Get your hand away from me!” She kept her distance.
Ryan said, “I expect you to keep things the way they are. I have no intention of giving up the money from the kitchen and laundry services. If you don’t do something about it, I will.”
“And what would that be?” She picked up her glass and poured the wine into the sink.
“I’ll go public with all the things I know.”
“For example?”
“That you never finished school and your diploma is a fake.”
Lisa’s mouth gaped open. “How dare you! I never imagined you’d sink so low, Ryan. I came to give you a friendly warning and now you threaten me.”
“And that’s not all. There’s something else I know.”
“What is it that only you know?”
He sent her an ice-cold look. “I saw you with Benny once.”
“What do you mean?”
“Once, late at night, in your office, I saw the two of you.”
She angrily brushed him off. “Oh, that doesn’t matter. That was nothing.”
“What do you mean, nothing? You were kissing him.”
“Now you’re ridiculous. Yeah, we kissed once, but after that, nothing happened.”
“You’re lying!” He wagged his finger at her. “You’re lying! I’ll tell you what I think.”
“I can hardly wait.”
“I think you were jealous of Patricia for a long time. I can’t remember a day when you didn’t complain about her. ‘Patricia’s incompetent. I have to do everything … she talks and talks in her office, and I do all the work …. She has her lover and I have to take care of the hospital.’ I think you wanted to have everything she had.”
“What are you trying to say?” She hardly realized that her hand was opening the drawer of kitchen knives.
“You fooled around with Benny because he was Patricia’s. And when he gave you the boot, you decided on revenge.”
She could hardly believe what was coming out of his mouth. She had thought they were friends. “How dare you!”
“First you killed her and then you killed him.”
These words were too much for her. She picked up the biggest knife and hurled it at him with all her strength.




Chapter 77
___________________



Anya called Bertha the following day, Friday, and told her that she thought one of Patricia’s former patients must have killed her. She said that she had thought about it a lot and suspected that a person with psychological troubles must be the murderer. She hinted that the answer might be found on Patricia’s recordings. Bertha was silent for a moment and then responded that she had reached a similar conclusion. She told Anya that she was going to the hospital and asked to meet her there.

*

Bertha said, “The death of Benny Martin frightened me more than you can imagine. I was convinced that Benny had killed my sister, and now I don’t know what to think anymore. I hope you’ll help me find the murderer.”
“That’s why I’m here.”
When Bertha unlocked the cupboard where the CDs were, Anya was astonished by the quantity.
“Wait. This won’t do. It would take weeks to listen to all of them,” Bertha said. “I think we should first figure out who her patients were during the last four months. There’s no point in listening to the problems of patients who haven’t been here for years.”
Anya suggested, “What about the appointment book?”
Bertha nodded. “I’ll ask Lisa. She’ll know.”
She came back after five minutes with a large book. “Here are all the appointments with her patients.”
“Let’s exclude women, at least for now. I’m not sure, but I think it was a man who pushed me. I saw a large dark figure when I looked back,” Anya said.
“Alright,” Bertha said. “First we’ll listen to the men. If we don’t find anything, we’ll listen to the women.”
The patient on the first CD suffered from bulimia. He explained that he was capable of eating more than ten thousand calories each day. His only solution was vomiting; otherwise his stomach would burst. Patricia told him that food was like a drug to which he was addicted. Although the man did not want to accept this interpretation at first, eventually he did. She told him that eating, followed by vomiting, was like a drug for him and that he would have difficulty giving it up. He would need a lot of time and willpower to change years of bad habits. The man admitted that he’d been eating like that for over ten years and that his teeth were ruined as a result.
Anya looked at Bertha and shook her head. She listened to the next CD. The voice complained that despite taking sleeping pills, he still could not get a good night’s sleep. Patricia asked him if he had confronted the underlying problem.
“No,” he responded, “but the sleeping pills should help.”
“In principle, they should,” she answered, “but if you have problems at work, you’re going to have to speak to your superiors.”
“What if I lose my job?” the man said.
“This is your health we’re talking about, which is more important than any job.”
Bertha began to tap her finger on the table. “I think we can eliminate this man from our inquiries as well. He’s clearly having problems at work.”
“Who knows?” Anya said. “We need to be very attentive. Otherwise we’ll have to listen to them all over again. Let’s skip forward on this one and listen to some extracts. That will make things go a little faster.”
They carefully listened to the beginning of each recording and, if the patient didn’t seem suspicious, they only listened to a few sections.
The hours quickly passed. While Anya listened carefully, Bertha left the room three times when her phone rang. She waved her hand to let Anya know that she’d be back and it wasn’t necessary to stop listening.
By evening, the process had become wearying. As Anya listened to the variety of problems people had, she could only be happy that her life was relatively calm and well ordered.
Finally, Bertha paused a recording and said, “I’m exhausted. I can’t listen anymore. You can keep listening if you want, but I have no energy for this.”
“Yes, I also wanted to suggest that we continue tomorrow. If you agree, we’ll take a look at the possible suspects.”
Bertha nodded.
Anya took up a small pad of paper and started to read. “The first is named Anthony Yates. He’s forty-five years old, with occasional schizophrenic episodes. He’s attacked his wife several times, beating her. Then there was Howard Reagan, thirty-one years old, obsessed with jealousy. His certainty that women were never faithful to him inevitably led to the end of his relationships. The last one we decided on is Greg Cheek. He says that all people get on his nerves and he would like to live on a desert island.”
Bertha stretched her arms. “Yes, those three really were suspicious. Tomorrow we’ll listen to the rest.” She got out of her chair with difficulty. “Only now do I understand why Patricia was always so tired.”




Chapter 78
___________________



Today was the saddest day of my life. I bid farewell to my husband, Michael. I hope I can succeed in writing a few lines, as the tears do not stop pouring from my eyes.
Dearest Michael, the funeral was beautiful. More than five hundred people accompanied you on your last voyage. I saw your relatives who had been at our wedding. Everyone wept and gave me their condolences. The hardest hit was your father. The poor man has gone completely gray in his grief. And your mother, her face was also an ashen gray.
Why did you have to leave us? We all loved you so much.
I believe that you watched us from somewhere up above during the funeral. I believe you were an angel and you regarded us with your warm eyes. Smiling and waving.
Now that you are no longer here, I want to confide in you. Only once did you try and make love to me. I am sorry you never tried again after that. Later when I started to trust you and I knew that you loved me as a person, I lost the fears that come from some hidden place. I often watched you as you took off your shirt, revealing your broad shoulders and muscular chest. How many times I wanted to rub lotion on your body, but didn’t dare. How many times I looked for an excuse to touch you. I realized that I did not attract you in the same way you attracted me. And how many times did I wake up in the middle of the night, trembling, dreaming that we were lying in an embrace.
But now you’re gone. You’ll never come back and I don’t know how I’ll go on without you. I had grown accustomed to our life together. I’ll miss your breathing beside me in bed. Just so you know that I loved you in the way that a woman loves her husband.
I’m becoming hysterical. If my chin starts trembling like this, I know something terrible will happen. I feel my heart beating too fast.
Where are you, Bertha? You told me you would come in an hour. And now an hour and a half has passed. Where are you, so you can hug me and calm me? How can I remain calm in this enormous apartment? How can I?
I have cramps. I’m going to throw up. I’d better stop writing. Pain is tearing at my heart.




Chapter 79
___________________



Anya went into the bedroom after she finished cleaning the kitchen. Where is all this dust coming from? she wondered. She examined the shelves that she had polished only the previous week and ran a finger through the dust.
She opened the closet in which she kept the vacuum cleaner. This room needs to be thoroughly vacuumed. She turned on the switch and energetically vacuumed for some time and then turned it off again. She had the feeling that the vacuum cleaner was not functioning properly. She leaned over to check if the tube was blocked.
There’s nothing wrong. Slightly irritated, she continued with her work.
There was a loud knocking at the door. She turned off the vacuum and went to see who it was.
“Hello, Anya! Are you cleaning again?” Beth called through the crack between the door and the jamb. Because of the safety bolt, the door could open only a couple of inches.
“Oh, it’s you, Beth,” Anya said happily. “Come in! What brings you here?”
“I was worried about you, that’s all. You never call, and I started to wonder what was going on with you. If I know you, you probably haven’t stopped your investigation.”
Anya laughed. “No, I haven’t. Did you happen to see the cover of Clarice?”
“No. What’s on it?”
They moved into the living room and sat near the low glass table. Anya looked for a copy of the magazine. “It was sold out after only a couple of hours.” She told Beth about the party they had for her at work.
“And I’m the last to hear this kind of news. Why didn’t you call me?”
“I wanted to, but I drank too much champagne.” Anya didn’t want to tell her about getting together with Andrew. Beth would certainly want to know all the details.
“Do you mean you were drunk?”
Anya frowned. “I wouldn’t say I was drunk, maybe a little tipsy.”
Beth tapped her fingers on the table. “This would be a good opportunity to ask for a raise.”
“Are you out of your mind? I have a good salary. Pamela pays me more than average.”
“The magazine would have been finished without you. If I were you, I’d demand an ownership stake in the company.”
“What do you mean, ownership? I’m happy that I have a job for the next three months.”
“I’m not going to interfere in your life, but I think this is the perfect opportunity to set up a long-term career. Why should your boss get all the profits? You should have a piece of the pie, too.”
Anya rubbed her forehead. “Okay, okay, enough of this.” She started to tell Beth about Bertha Hoff and how she had become the prime suspect because she stood to inherit all her sister’s money. “The only problem is if it really was her, then why was Benny Martin killed? How would she benefit from that?”
“Maybe they were lovers. Have you thought of that?”
“Who? Bertha and Benny? You really are shooting blanks today.”
“Why not? Maybe Bertha got involved with Benny before he even knew Patricia. Maybe he left Bertha because of her.”
Worry wrinkles appeared on Anya’s forehead. “I didn’t think of that. But whatever, Benny is dead now and nobody else could confirm your theory.” She raised a hand. “But now I’m thinking about another possibility. What if one of Patricia’s former patients killed her? Maybe one of them was in love with her and when it wasn’t requited, he killed her.”
“And because Benny was also guilty,” Beth added, “the killer went after him too. Why not? That’s also possible.”
Anya told her that she and Bertha were listening to the recordings of Patricia’s sessions and had decided on three possible suspects.
Beth brought her hands up to the sides of her head. “My God! Do you two know what you’re doing? That’s breaking patient-physician privilege. How will you explain that?”
Anya shook her head. “I don’t know. I didn’t think about that. The most important thing is to discover the killer, no matter how we do it. What do you say?”
“I agree with you, but be careful. And watch out for other journalists. Today they may praise you to the skies, but tomorrow they could all turn on you—which you wouldn’t enjoy, I can assure you.”
“I promise I’ll be careful. You know me. I never like to expose myself to danger.”
“I thought I knew you. You lived a calm life and that’s what seemed to suit you, but what you’ve been doing recently ….”
“Let’s not talk about my problems anymore. Tell me about your new boyfriend. When will you introduce him to me?”
Beth related to Anya what had happened recently. They chatted for nearly an hour, and then Beth said she had to go home.
Anya thought she would finally get a chance to vacuum the bedroom, but then had a change of heart. I should go to sleep. It will be a new day. Who knows what I’ll discover tomorrow?
Lying in her bed, she thought of Andrew. She wished he were lying next to her, holding her hand.




Chapter 80
___________________



Bertha’s car wouldn’t start the following day so she ended up taking the bus to the mall. After she’d finished shopping, she stepped off the escalator hoping to get home in the shortest possible time.
Before she left, she went to the restrooms and closed the stall door behind her. The bolt didn’t work so she held the door closed with her hand.
While she was buckling her belt, someone violently pushed in the door and she almost fell to the tile floor. “What the hell!”
“Shut up!”
Bertha looked at her father in horror. “What do you want? Why are you following me? I’m going to call the police.” She opened her mouth to scream, but he lunged at her and covered it with a cold hand.
“Don’t scream! I just want to talk to you. Nothing else.”
The familiar odor of his sweat that had burrowed into her nostrils when she was a little girl agitated her. Trembling, she nodded her head.
“If you don’t scream, everything will end well.”
She heard a woman entering the restroom. His hand was still pressed hard against her mouth.
He whispered into her ear, “I came here because I missed you, but it seems you haven’t missed me. That hurt me a lot and at first I didn’t know what to do. Then it occurred to me that you could repay me for all the days that I took care of you. Do you remember?”
“What do you want?”
“If I’m not mistaken, you inherit all of Patricia’s money.”
“That’s not yet clear since they haven’t read the will.”
“You can’t pull the wool over my eyes. You go to the hospital almost every day. That much I know.”
He must be following me all the time. How else would he know that? she thought.
“I only want a little. Otherwise I have no money at all.”
“How much?” She felt nauseous from the smell of his hand.
“Twenty thousand dollars will cover my troubles when you were a little girl.” He put his hand down. “Agreed?”
“Yes, of course. But only if I get something from her. Otherwise ….”
“That’s clear, you little bitch. But if you try and cheat me ….” He pressed his swollen organ against her leg. “You remember my hero? I can push him into you again.”
She started to heave.
He stepped away at the right moment. “My, you’re nervous.”
She leaned over toward the toilet. Tears ran from her eyes as she vomited.
“I think we understand each other.” He stepped out of the stall and quickly left the ladies’ room.




Chapter 81
___________________



I talked with my beloved sister for nearly four hours. She came to see me at eight in the evening and now it’s nearly midnight. When I think about how unselfish she is with me, it brings tears to my eyes. I am so grateful to have her.
We talked about the root of my problems. Why I’m so often depressed, why I have attacks of hysteria. I know that I have problems. I know I should have managed to solve them long ago, but I can’t seem to do it alone.
I’ve only gotten worse since Michael’s death. Three months have passed and I’m still on antidepressants and antianxiety pills. Sometimes it’s so bad I almost want to kill myself. Yesterday evening I was crying so hard that I thought I would actually do it. What use am I, after all? I’m stupid, needy, and lack self-confidence. If I didn’t have my sister, I couldn’t even do my job.
Why didn’t you finish university, Bertha? I know you hate your accounting job. You should have graduated and become a psychiatrist. You’d already completed three years.
You’ve always been smarter than me. You got perfect grades in primary school while I could only stare blankly at the textbooks and get mediocre marks. Why weren’t you more persistent in your studies? It would be so nice if we were both psychiatrists.
I write and I write and it seems to be further away from what I want to say. It’s as if I’m running from my troubles. Yes, I have problems, and they are not insignificant. And I know that the past is guilty for that. Actually, I even know that my father is guilty.
I don’t want to think about him. That pig ruined my life. Even as I write this, I feel as if I’ll be sick. I don’t even remember many things.
Why am I so smart helping other people but can’t do anything to help myself? Bertha has told me many times that I must confront the past. But what can I do when it hurts so much?
I just drank a cup of tea. As I have so many times before, I tried to return in time. My heart does not want this but my mind demands that I do it.
How old was I then? Eight, I think. Bertha was thirteen and that’s why she took it better than me. She suffers few consequences. She hates him, that’s all, but me … I was too young.
I try to picture my father. My God, how big he was. I remember him well. My heart is beating like mad and I can hardly catch my breath. Oh, I see him. No, no, I don’t think I can do it! I can’t take it!
I just got out of the bathroom, where I put cold water on my face for ten minutes. I feel a bit better. I’ll try one more time.
I try to convince myself that my father wasn’t so bad. When my mother was home and when he wasn’t drunk, he could be quite nice. He often gave me gifts.
But when Mother worked nights and when he started to reach for the alcohol … oh my God, he was so rough then and … I can’t even think about it.
Horrible. Bertha pleads with him to leave me alone. Trembling, I hide in the closet.
Now I see him, how he’s unbuttoning his pants and ordering me to be still. Bertha tries to defend me but he hits her and she falls to the floor.
I cannot.
I was in the bathroom again. I washed my tear-stained face and accepted the fact that the time has not come when I can look at the past directly. Maybe some other time. I am tired and groggy because of all the pills I’ve taken.




Chapter 82
___________________



Lan was in a good mood. He had called Lisa an hour ago and she had told him she missed him and that she wanted to see him. He couldn’t remember when she had last said something like that.
For the second time that day, he showered and shaved. He hummed a tune and put conditioner in his hair. He wanted to look good for Lisa.
He rushed for twenty minutes because he didn’t want to be a second late.
While driving, he wondered if he should ask her again to marry him. No, that wouldn’t do. My Lisa has been too anxious recently. He also thought about Bertha and how she offered him the post of director. The future will tell if I can take on such responsibility. He would like to be director, but not on Lisa’s account.
He stopped at a florist and bought a bouquet of white tulips.
An unpleasant surprise awaited him as he parked the car in front of Lisa’s apartment building. One of the boys standing nearby tossed a cigarette butt toward his car.
Lan angrily honked and stepped out. “Are you completely mad? You’ll ruin my car.” He picked up the still-burning butt from the hood of his car and tossed it back at the boy.
When the group of young men turned and showed their angry faces, he realized that he might have a problem. They were black, tall, and broad-shouldered.
“What did you say, old man? Why’d you throw that butt at us?”
Lan looked at the cluster of boys. “I … the cigarette butt fell on my car and I thought you did it intentionally.”
“You don’t like people like us, do you?”
“No, no, I wasn’t thinking anything—”
Something struck him hard, from the side. A tall, rough-looking boy with an earring hit him in the ribs. Lan turned toward him to defend himself, but another one kicked him in the knee.
After this, the blows fell one after another. Somewhere in the background he heard the sound of a woman calling for the police from an open window. Nevertheless, the boys didn’t stop. They kept kicking him until he lost consciousness.




Chapter 83
___________________



“How’d it go?”
“According to plan. Don’t worry, Lisa.”
She sighed in relief. “Thank God.”
Ryan said, “They took your boyfriend to the hospital. I bet they’ll keep him there for at least a month. So he won’t be able to become the director, right?”
“What about a month from now?”
“Then you can fire him. By that time, we’ll have taken care of Bertha Hoff and you can do what you want.”
“Good.”
“And something else.” He paused for a moment. “You were a real tiger when you threw that knife at me. I don’t even want to think about what might have happened if it had hit me.”
“You’d be dead,” she said coldly.
“Save your hatred for Bertha,” he responded.




Chapter 84
___________________



“Finally, we’re home alone,” Bertha said, turning to her husband as they relaxed on the sofa.
“Yes, it really is nice to be without the kids now and again. When I told my parents yesterday that we were going to leave Tom and Jim with them, they were thrilled. But I’m sure I’ll miss them by tomorrow.”
“Me too,” Bertha said. She stared through the window at the Jaguar parked in front of the house. She knew her neighbors were jealous. Let the envy eat them up, poor fools. In any case, I won’t be here more than another three months.
“What are you thinking about?”
She laughed in confusion. “I was thinking of moving. With all that money, I have no intention of staying in this house. Once the hospital is mine, I’m going to sell it. Do you realize how much money we can get for it? The building alone must be worth at least eight million dollars, and then there’s all the equipment and the rest.”
“We’ll get that much money, at least.”
“I’m going to quit my job once the will is settled. As it is, I don’t know how I’ve taken it all these years. I’m going to tell my boss he’s incompetent. And then I’m going to go to the general director and tell him too. Then they’ll all know.”
“When do you expect the settlement of the will to be announced?”
“Soon, very soon. I have some acquaintances at the court. They told me the whole thing should be done in about four months. Don’t worry, Hunter, you’re going to be proud of me.”
“I already am proud of you.”
“Oh, and Hunter, do you see that glass on the table?”
He nodded.
“How many times have I told you not to put a glass on the table without a coaster?”
“Oh.” He sighed and jumped up to move the glass and wipe the area.
“And you should also clean the bathroom. Two weeks have passed since it’s had a thorough cleaning.”
Returning from the kitchen, Hunter said, “I thought I’d read the newspaper.”
“You’ll read the newspaper when the bathroom is crystal clean. Do I make myself clear?” She could see that he was not pleased.
“Alright then. Since I intended to clean it tomorrow anyway.”
“I’d like you to clean the kitchen tomorrow.” She sent him a reproachful look.
“Tomorrow is Sunday,” he said, taking his seat. “We could take a short trip somewhere.”
“We’ll see. If you finish your cleaning quickly enough, we can go for a walk in the afternoon.”
After a short pause, Bertha changed the subject. “The more I think about it, the less I understand.”
“What?”
“I don’t understand who killed Benny Martin. Who would benefit from it?”
“I don’t know. But does that mean that Benny Martin definitely did not kill Patricia?”
“Otherwise, we worked everything out so well. Every time you sent him a letter, they had an argument. Patricia told me about it each time.”
“I wrote him five letters altogether,” Hunter said, barely audible. “He told me he gave the letters to the police. Did you think of that?”
“Of course. That’s why we bought that old printer and then threw it in the trash. The police will try to figure out who wrote the letters but they won’t be able to.” She gave a dismissive wave of her hand. “But that doesn’t matter anymore. The fact is that something went wrong somewhere and I don’t know what.”
The phone rang in the hallway.
“Don’t get up,” she said. “I’ll get it.”
“Hello. Oh, it’s you, Anya. You’re calling because of the recordings, aren’t you? I have a headache today. I don’t think I’ll be able to do it. … What if you listen alone? It wouldn’t bother me at all. I trust you completely. Don’t worry about Lisa Richards. I’ll call her right away and let her know you’re coming. Fine. I suggest we speak later this evening and you tell me what you’ve found out.”
“What happened?” Hunter asked.
She told him about Anya Horvat. “Let her listen to those recordings. I don’t feel like it. It’s Saturday today. That woman is completely obsessed with work, like my poor sister was. She’s a real nut.” She sat in an armchair and put her legs up on the matching ottoman. “I don’t feel like doing anything. I should make lunch but I’m not in the mood.”
“How about if we go out for lunch?” Hunter said cheerfully. “I can’t remember the last time we’ve gone out for a meal.”
She patted him on the knee. “That’s not a bad idea. We could treat ourselves to a really expensive lunch. Think of all the money we’re going to get—”
The telephone rang again.
“Hello,” she said loudly from the hallway.
“Bertha Hoff, please.” The voice had a muffled sound.
She could hardly understand it. “Speaking. Who’s calling?”
She heard only the sound of breathing.
“Who’s calling, please?” she asked again.
“You have sinned, my darling.”
“What? Who is this?”
“Revenge will follow.”
She kicked the leg of the glass table on which the telephone sat. “What revenge are you talking about?”
Instead of a response, she only heard the sound of slow breathing that set her hair on end. Soon the line went dead.
Her husband stepped into the hallway. “Who was it?”
When she turned round to him, her face was ashen. Her thin lips had gone bluish. “Someone who told me that I had sinned and that revenge would follow.”
“It’s probably a prank call. Don’t worry.” He stepped toward her, opening his arms.
She pushed him away and continued, her voice trembling: “Somebody was threatening Patricia too. She told me many times. He said something similar to what he just said to me, about sin and vengeance.”
“Oh, come on, Bertha. Who would want to take revenge on you? You’ve never done anything wrong.”
She continued as if she didn’t hear him. “Anya told me that somebody was also threatening Benny Martin. Do you think it could be the same person?”
“Calm down. Nobody is going to take vengeance on you.”
“Why did he say that I’d sinned?”
“I don’t know. It’s certainly some random madman.”
Her lips remained tightly compressed. She couldn’t bring herself to believe him.




Chapter 85
___________________



I can’t believe it! My husband died, and oh my God, I inherited twelve million dollars from him.
This morning there was a hearing at the court and when they announced the amount, Bertha and I screamed out loud. She hugged me, cried, she was even happier than I was.
What should I do with all that money? I’m a psychiatrist by training, not an economist. I worry that I’ll do something stupid.
“You must invest the money well,” my sister advised me when we got home.
“May I first greet the children?” I resisted her. I held Tom and Jim close to me.
“Your aunt is a very rich woman now,” she told the boys.
“Hurrah!” they shouted.
“Now you can buy us lots of gifts,” Tom said.
“Don’t worry! You’ll definitely get too many gifts.”
Then we opened a bottle of champagne and began to debate what to do with the money.
“Why don’t you go to a financial advisor?” Hunter said.
I nodded in confusion.
“Why don’t you open a psychiatric hospital?” Bertha suggested.
“What do you think?”
“It’s very simple. You buy a building and start a mental health center there.”
I thought about it for a while. I liked the idea but … I said, “You have to have experience to embark on such a project. I’ve only been working for a couple of years and you know how I call you all the time to ask your help in advising patients.”
“So what? You’ll keep calling and I’ll help you. Imagine, you can put the profits in your own pocket. Of course, you’ll have to employ other psychiatrists who will work for you. What do you say? You can have rooms for patients who stay in the hospital for a month or two. You should treat patients with short-term psychological problems.”
“I don’t know what to say. I won’t be able to do it alone. I’ll need your help.”
“Of course I’ll help you. When haven’t I helped you? I have one more idea. Why don’t you open the psychiatric hospital right in the building where Michael ran his company?”
“What about the company and all the people who work there?”
“You’ll sell the company. All the employees will go somewhere else. Nothing easier.”
“I don’t know, Bertha. I have to think about it. The idea seems like a good one. If you’ll help me, why not? I wouldn’t dream of starting such a project alone.”
She embraced me. “Of course I’ll help. Don’t worry, little sister.”
Hunter watched us and smiled. “If the two of you have any money left over, you can always turn to a financial advisor. There are different investment funds where you can invest your money. And then there are—”
Bertha was gesturing for him to be quiet. “We’ll figure out what to do with the money. Won’t we, Patricia?”
At that moment I didn’t know what to think. I was sad and happy at the same time. “Yes, of course,” I answered.

*

Today I thought about her idea. The more I thought about it, the more I liked it. Why not have my own psychiatric hospital? The idea made the adrenaline race through my veins. That I would be the owner of a psychiatric hospital!
I reflected on all the things I would do. Actually very little, I concluded. Once I had the organization set up, I’d work as a psychiatrist, like I do now. I will take care of people with problems and help them. Yes, that’s what I want above all. If there is too much work managing the hospital, I’ll hire someone else to do it. No problem. Bertha is right. This is something I can do.




Chapter 86
___________________



Before Anya even had time to think, it was already afternoon. Listening to the recordings made her completely forget about the time. She did not envy Patricia Bellows at all for her work as a psychiatrist. She would have had difficulty absorbing all the negative energy that her patients brought with them. There was something else that surprised her. At certain points, though quite rarely, she had the feeling that Patricia’s voice wavered. At other points it seemed that she was uncertain what to say to a patient. She often requested a five-minute break during conversations, as if she had to go somewhere. That struck Anya as very strange. Why would she ask for a break during a conversation when each session in any case lasted only an hour? She could take a break between sessions. Something else seemed interesting to Anya. Each time she returned from a break, she seemed more self-confident. Her voice was certain again. In one recording, she even changed her statement afterward. Before the break, she told a woman that she was suffering from depression. When she returned from the break, she made a tactical change, stating that the woman suffered not from depression, but from conversion disorder.
Anya turned her head to the left and then to the right. What if she were taking drugs? she wondered. Why else would she need a break during the sessions? Anya began to massage her forehead. She looked around her at the enormous office. What if I take a look through some of these drawers? Nobody would know.
After undertaking a half-hour search, she came up empty-handed. There was nothing of interest in the office. She had almost given up, when she found a letter among the documents. The following was written on a folded sheet of paper:


Dear Patricia:

I have never met a woman like you before. Thank you for everything that you have done for me. I was a different person before, and I am grateful to you that I have finally changed. You are a truly wonderful person who wants above all to help people. You are one of the few psychiatrists who don’t work only for money. There were so many occasions when you kept listening even after the hour was up. There were so many occasions when you gazed at me with your warm eyes, nodding in understanding. Nobody ever listened to me the way you did.
The problem is that I have fallen in love with you. For some weeks, I can think only about you. My heart aches so badly that I would like to die. I don’t know what to do.
I love you.
H.

Who could have written such a letter? Is it possible that Patricia did have another love? Anya thought about Susan Hastings. She was her friend. If she doesn’t know, nobody will.
Her eyes came to rest on the CD to which she had just listened. The same three as yesterday were on her list of suspects. I’ll stop for today. It’s already five o’clock. Maybe in the coming days I’ll focus in on these three patients. I won’t even listen to the others for the time being.
Later she called Andrew, who was happy to hear from her. They agreed to meet in three hours’ time. She rushed home in an excited and happy mood.




Chapter 87
___________________



On that same Saturday afternoon, Bertha found herself unable to calm down. The threatening phone call had put terror into her bones. She feared it was the murderer who had called her.
When she finally couldn’t take it anymore, she picked up her car keys and went out. “I need some fresh air,” she said to her husband.
He asked where she was going.
“I won’t be long. I’ll take a short walk. While I’m gone, you can wash the windows in the kitchen.”
“You can see I’m in the middle of work. I’m putting together that model ship that you gave me for my birthday. And I finished cleaning the bathroom.”
“The model can wait. Who says it has to be put together in one day? But the windows cannot wait. They are so dirty you can hardly see through them.”
“Don’t be too long,” he said.

*

When she got to Patricia’s office, Bertha put her coffee and water on the glass table and sat in the armchair where her sister had usually sat. She crossed her legs. I could have been the one doing this if Patricia hadn’t constantly been burdening me with her problems.
She let her hands hang toward the floor. Fatigue spread through her body. She closed her eyes for a moment and dozed. Suddenly, remembering the threatening phone call, she jerked awake. I’m going to find out who called me. She got up and walked toward the cabinet where Patricia kept the recordings of the sessions. She took out one of the CDs.




Chapter 88
___________________



Lisa stared dismissively at the almost new Jaguar that had once belonged to Patricia Bellows. She greeted the security guard and thanked him when he informed her of the arrival of Bertha Hoff.
She walked up the stairs with her back straight and thought about how she would begin: Mrs. Hoff, I would like to have a conversation with you about my work. She held a sheet of paper on which she had written the positive changes that had significantly improved the efficiency of the psychiatric hospital. I’ll tell her about the challenges I have faced and the solutions I alone am responsible for introducing. Then she’ll change her opinion. Ryan was right. An honest conversation will solve the problem.
But when she stepped into Patricia’s office, Bertha immediately challenged her.
“Lisa, what are you doing here?”
“I’d like to talk with you.”
“Certainly, but not today. It’s Saturday.”
Lisa’s effort to be polite faltered. “I won’t keep you long. There are a few things I need to tell you.”
“Not today. If you like, we can talk on Monday.”
Disappointed, Lisa closed the door behind her.
Sitting in her own office, she came to a decision. Clearly, I have no other choice. I’ll have to put plan number two into action.




Chapter 89
___________________



They walked the length of the orchard and looked up at the twinkling stars in the vast sky. The trees, bathed in silver light, protected them from the wind, which had started to blow a bit. At one point, Anya realized that she was cold. Andrew wrapped her in his jacket and pointed up to the North Star.
They spoke of everyday things. He told her about difficult customers and his wish to go away for a week.
Anya also longed for a vacation but simply didn’t have the time.
All of a sudden, he said to her, “You’re afraid of me and I don’t know why.”
She stiffened. What he said was true, but she didn’t know how to answer him.
“I bet you haven’t had many good experiences with men.”
She looked at him. “I can count the relationships I’ve had on the fingers of one hand. Most of them ended before I would have wanted them to. And it’s true, I am afraid of you. I need time to get used to you.”
“We have as much time as you want. It means a lot to me that you haven’t had a lot of partners. I don’t trust women who are always changing men. I want to have an honest relationship where both partners are completely open with each other. I don’t like lies. Actually, I hate them.”
She stopped and stroked him on the cheek. “That’s the kind of relationship I also would like. I wouldn’t be able to live with someone without honesty and love.”
“I’d like to be your friend,” he said.
“And I’d like to be your friend too.” She smiled.
As they continued walking hand in hand, she said, “I’m still investigating the murder of Patricia Bellows and I want to find out who the killer is.”
He looked away and didn’t respond.
“There’s a possibility that her sister, Bertha Hoff, or her sister’s husband killed her, but the two of them were at a neighbor’s for dinner that night. Of course they might have hired a contract killer, which would be almost impossible to track. But I doubt they would have the money to do that. And then why would Benny Martin have been killed? And also why would a hired killer inflict so many wounds on Patricia and Benny?” She looked at Andrew and then stopped for an instant. “There is also the possibility that Patricia was killed by one of her patients. I’m starting to lean toward that possibility. I’ll tell you something that you must promise not to tell anyone else.”
His eyes sought hers. “Of course I promise. Anything you tell me will stay with me. But I’m worried about something else. I’m afraid for you. Are you even aware of the danger that you’re in? What if the murderer figures out that you’re rummaging around behind him?”
She reflected a while and then answered. “Yes, I’m also very afraid, yet at the same time I need to find out who killed Patricia. This need is stronger than any fear. I’ve thought about it a lot. After all, I never wanted to set out on this adventure in the first place. But believe it or not, I’ve started to enjoy it. It strikes me as more exciting than anything else I’ve ever done in my life. Even if I wanted to stop, I couldn’t. It isn’t only about justice, finding the killer. I also believe that Patricia was an extraordinary person. And on top of that, I’ve discovered that we are very similar.” She smiled at him. “Except for the fact that I’m not as rich and successful as she was.”
She wanted to say something else, but was interrupted by the sound of her telephone.
It was Bertha Hoff. “You won’t believe where I am right now.”
“Where?” asked Anya.
“We actually missed each other. I thought I would find you at the hospital. I got over my headache and decided to come here in the early evening.”
“I worked until five and then I couldn’t take it anymore. Did you find something interesting?”
“That’s why I’m calling you. I know who the murderer is.”
“Who?” Anya asked in astonishment.
“I’m not going to tell you over the phone. You have to listen to a certain recording and I’m sure you’ll come to the same conclusion. What if we meet at the hospital at about nine tomorrow morning? Does that suit you?”
Anya felt excitement running through her veins. “Of course. I’ll be there. I can hardly wait.”
When the call was over, Andrew asked her, “Is anything wrong?”
Visibly shaken, she turned to him. “No, nothing’s wrong. Quite the contrary. It was Bertha Hoff. She says she knows who the murderer is.”
“Really? Who is it?”
“She said she doesn’t want to give me that information over the phone. We’re meeting tomorrow at the hospital.”
“If she thinks she knows who the killer is, why doesn’t she go to the police?”
Anya smoothed down his hair. “It’s not as simple as you think. Right now, Bertha and I are doing something that isn’t legally allowed. We’re listening to recordings of Patricia’s patients.” She stared at him fearfully. “You promised I could confide in you. You mustn’t tell anyone.”
He looked at her for some time. “Of course I won’t tell anyone. But as you said, you’re breaking the law. I don’t think you should invade the privacy of other people, no matter what the reason. That’s my opinion, if I’m allowed to express it.”
“Your opinion means a lot to me. I feel guilty, but it’s also important that we find the murderer. Why haven’t the police done anything? Whenever I go to see them about something, they don’t seem to know anything.”
“What if they don’t want to tell you what they know? I wouldn’t underestimate the police.”
“I don’t underestimate them, but you know how many crimes remain unsolved?”
“All the same, I don’t think you should be listening to those recordings.” He took a step back. “How would you feel if you knew some journalist was listening to all your sessions with a psychiatrist?”
“I admit I’d be angry. But you don’t understand, Andrew. Nobody will find out. That’s exactly why Bertha didn’t call the police, because she can’t tell them how she got the information. The most important thing is that we find out who did it. Tomorrow we’ll figure out a way to tell the police.”
“Alright, Anya, take care of yourself. Above all, don’t put too much trust in Bertha Hoff. As you told me before, she might be behind everything, given that she stands to inherit all of Patricia’s money. If I were you, I’d double-check everything she says.”
“You’re right about that. I can’t trust anyone. But let’s not talk about it anymore. We’ll know everything in the morning.” She squeezed his hand. “It’s such a beautiful evening. Let’s keep walking.”

*

Anya did not sleep well that night. She came back late from the walk, at well past eleven. She quickly went to the bathroom, brushed her teeth, and smoothed on her nighttime moisturizer. Then she lay in bed with wide-open eyes, thinking. How could Bertha have figured it out so quickly when I have no idea who did it? What if Bertha is hiding something, as Andrew warned me?
Only when she started to think about Andrew and remember the feel of his soft hand did her anxiety fade. She finally managed to fall asleep with a smile on her face.
All the same, during the night terrible dreams entered her mind. She dreamed that she received a threatening phone call and someone came into her apartment. She screamed and screamed but no one came to help her.




Chapter 90
___________________



The reader set down the diary with the red cover and picked up a third journal, this one with a yellow cover. The reader flipped through the pages for a while and at last started to read.

Howard Reagan is obsessed with jealousy. To make matters worse, he has a transitional psychotic disturbance. And I, fool, went out on a date with him. Of course, I was unaware of his problems then.
When he told me his life story and mentioned his difficulties, which weren’t all that different from other people’s, I thought he was nice. After two months, I told him it wasn’t necessary for him to come to me anymore because he seemed fine. That’s when he asked me out for a drink.
Only after our first date did he really start to open up. He told me he had had few relationships with women and that was the main reason he came to see me at all. He confided in me that he became obsessed with women with whom he had relations. He struck me as very romantic. I thought about how nice it would be if he were obsessed with me. All women want that kind of man. After the second date, he asked me out to dinner and I allowed him to kiss me on the cheek.
Then he told me that no woman had stayed with him for more than four months. I didn’t take him seriously. I didn’t care if he was jealous because all I wanted was for someone to really love me.
We had our first argument when we got together the fifth time. He accused me of seeing someone else, which explains why I was always rejecting him. “We’ve been together for three weeks and you don’t let me do anything more than kiss you on the cheek,” he reproached me. His voice remained gentle and warm, even as he became wild and rough physically.
Of course, I didn’t allow him to upset me. I told him he wasn’t my type and, if he wanted to talk about his problems, he could come and see me in my office.
“Then you don’t love me?” He grabbed my hand and pulled me roughly toward him.
“Of course not,” I answered him. Fortunately, he let me go at that moment. It frightened me very much.
This morning, he apologized for his behavior. He confessed that he has problems and he doesn’t know what to do about them. I concluded that he really was excessively jealous and he sometimes perceived things that weren’t there.
When I asked Bertha for advice, she said, “That man might be dangerous. He said that his relationships never lasted more than four months because women couldn’t take him any longer than that.”
“Yes, that’s what he said.”
“Who could stay with a man who was constantly imagining things and becoming enraged because of them? If he doesn’t learn how to control himself, he’ll never be able to live with a woman. And there’s another problem. Didn’t you say that his jealousy triggers episodes of uncontrollable rage?”
“Yes, he mentioned that. He told me he starts to shake and he has anxiety attacks. He even confessed that he physically threatened one of his girlfriends.”
“Good Lord! That man sound likes he’s ready for the psychiatric hospital. But not the kind of hospital you run, the kind where they lock him up and never let him out. What would happen if he had a serious relationship with a woman? If he were with a woman for, say, two years? Do you think he could take it if she decided to leave him?”
“I don’t think so.” I got goose bumps all over my body. I really had been stupid to go out with him. Of course, I didn’t say as much to Bertha. “And what should I do now?”
“Good question. Write him a prescription for antipsychotic drugs. He needs either long-term therapy or to be locked up because he could be dangerous to others. That’s my opinion.”
“Okay, Bertha. I won’t trouble you with this anymore. I’ll do what you advise me to do.”
I have been extremely lucky that Howard confessed his difficulties to me. What would have happened if he had kept his secret for another couple of weeks?




Chapter 91
___________________



Dr. Katherine Fogg was so exhausted after a number of difficult sessions that she could barely walk. She had only one wish: to go home, eat something, and lie down in front of the television set.

*

“Apparently it was a robbery,” said one of the young police officers who came fifteen minutes after she placed the call.
“It’s horrible,” Katherine responded miserably. She leaned over, wanting to pick up a small vase.
“Don’t touch anything. Some experts are on the way over who will check for fingerprints.”
Katherine started to cry.
“They threw everything out of your closets. Have you noticed if anything is missing?”
“But that’s vandalism.”
The young officer repeated the question. “Did they steal anything?”
“Yes. My television and laptop are gone.”
“So it was a robbery. Did you have any money, credit cards, or documents in the apartment?”
“No, nothing like that. But why did they throw everything around?”
“They don’t care how they leave the place. They’re looking for things that have some value for sale.”
She noticed that one of her best evening dresses was torn. Despite the officer’s warning, she picked it up off the floor. “Look what they did. They ruined a dress that I loved.”
The office politely warned her again. “Don’t touch anything, please.”




Chapter 92
___________________



Lisa Richards sank into a full tub. She purred with satisfaction as the hot water touched her body. “Yes?” she said, answering her phone.
“I hear the water splashing. Are you in the bath?”
“You hear right, Ryan. Will you come join me?”
“No, thanks. I have other plans for today.”
“How did it go?”
“Without complications. We turned her apartment upside down.”
“Wonderful. I hope she’ll get the hint.”




Chapter 93
___________________



On Sunday morning, Anya went out to the balcony and took a deep breath. She rubbed her eyes and remembered the dreadful dreams of the night before. She shook her head, observing the people going about their Sunday morning business. The sun was about to send its warm rays over the city.
She ate her breakfast and left. Although the streets were almost empty, she drove slowly, thinking about Andrew.
When she arrived at the hospital, she noticed a Jaguar and three police cars in the driveway. She wondered what could be happening.
She ran into Hunter in the front hall. “What’s going on?”
“Up th-there,” he said. He pointed up to the second floor. “B-B-Bertha’s up there.”
“What happened?”
He was sobbing uncontrollably.
She sensed that something absolutely terrible had happened. “Calm down, Hunter, and tell me what happened.”
“Someone …” He tried a second time. “Someone … with a knife … more than thirty times … Bertha’s dead!”
“What! But that’s impossible!” She left Hunter and ran up the stairs.
First she saw Lisa Richards in the outer office, sitting calmly in a chair. She also told her that Bertha was dead. She added that police detectives were inside.
“I can’t believe it,” Anya said again. “She called me yesterday and told me that she knew who the killer was.”
Lisa’s hand clutched at her collar. “You promised you wouldn’t say anything about the recordings. The police must not know what Bertha was doing.”
Astonished, Anya stared at her. “You only think about this damn place! What about Patricia, Benny, that girl, and Bertha? Don’t their lives matter?”
In a threatening tone, Lisa said through her teeth, “Not so loud! I’ll let you listen to the rest of them, but you must promise that no one will know what Bertha was doing yesterday.”
“I don’t understand.”
“The police mustn’t know that she had come to listen to those recordings. If you let any journalists know, we’re finished. If you don’t tell anyone, I won’t either. In exchange for your silence, I’ll let you listen to anything you want. Are we agreed?”
Anya was amazed at how cold she had become. Finally she asked, “What if the police discover what Bertha was doing on their own?”
“I doubt it,” Lisa said. “I was the one who found her this morning. I put away all the CDs that she had set out on the desk.”
Anya couldn’t believe it. “How could you? You hid evidence.”
Then Anya went to the window and looked down at Hunter, who was crying in front of the building. “Poor guy.” She turned back and walked past Lisa Richards. “Agreed,” she said.

*

“Don’t thank me for driving you home, Hunter. I’m sorry about Bertha. I don’t know what to say ….”
“How could this happen?”
Anya sat beside him on the couch. “Everything will be alright. I’ll figure out who killed her. I promise.”
He opened his mouth and then closed it. He took a handkerchief from his left front pants pocket and wiped his eyes. “I’m sorry. I still can’t accept that she’s no longer here. Who could have done this to her?”
Anya waited until he stopped shaking. “She called me last night. She told me she knew who the killer was.”
“Really? When did she tell you?”
“It must have been at about nine thirty. She told me she went to the hospital to listen to the recordings. When I asked who the murderer was, she said she wouldn’t talk about it on the telephone. We were supposed to get together at the hospital at nine this morning.”
Hunter said, “Yesterday she told me she was going out for some fresh air. When I called her an hour later, she said she was at the hospital working. I called her again in the evening; she said she would be home late. Then I didn’t dare call again. In the morning I was awoken by the telephone. They were telling me that someone—” His voice broke.
“It’s terrible, Hunter. But why would someone first kill Patricia, then Benny and that girl, and now Bertha. I don’t see the connection.”
He told her that Bertha had received threatening telephone calls.
“The same as Benny and Patricia. Why didn’t she tell the police?” Anya asked.
Large tears streamed down his cheeks. “I don’t know. If only Bertha had loved her. Why did she hate her so much?”
“Hate who so much?”
He said the name through his teeth: “Patricia.”
Anya was dumbfounded. “What do you mean? They were so close.”
He slowly continued: “It looked like that from the outside. Actually she really hated her.”
“But didn’t they talk several times a day on the telephone? Everyone told me how inseparable they were.”
“Yes, Patricia was incredibly dependent on her sister and Bertha felt obligated to help her, but she got on her nerves. Oh, if you could hear what I had to listen to when Bertha was angry with her.”
“Why would she be so angry?”
He smiled coldly. “Jealousy. Patricia was so rich and successful. Yet she could never have achieved what she had without the help of her sister.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Patricia was incredibly unstable psychologically. I know that must sound strange since she was a psychiatrist. But I’ll have to tell you everything from the beginning, what happened to them when they were little girls.”
Anya stared at him in shock.
“Their father raped them when they were still very young. First he attacked Bertha when she was thirteen years old, then he sexually abused Patricia when she was hardly eight.”
Anya’s head spun and she felt a wave of revulsion. “He sexually abused them? But that’s not possible!”
“Yes, and he did it for many years, because their mother didn’t want to believe what was happening. Until finally Bertha ran away one day and took her little sister with her. Of course, they both suffered long-term consequences. Patricia never got over it. Their mother committed suicide from grief.”
Anya didn’t even realize that she was banging her foot on the edge of the armchair.
Hunter went on. “That was why Patricia was so unstable. She went from one depression to the next, and Bertha was always at her side. After they ran away, Bertha made sure they both survived. She worked all day, every day, and they were happy that at least nobody was touching them.” He looked at the little lamp on the wall. “Bertha enrolled in medical school, with a specialty in psychiatry. But because of her job and problems with Patricia, her life was not easy. Bertha had to constantly protect her and push her to do her exams. It was ironic that Patricia was the one to finish her studies while Bertha did not.”
“And that’s why she was jealous of her little sister?”
He shook his head. “No, that’s not why she was jealous. She still loved her very much then. Hatred came later.” He swallowed and continued. “Patricia was constantly calling her sister and asking for help with her most difficult cases. Bertha, who was always the more intelligent one and had a good deal of knowledge about psychiatry, was able to advise her. Although she had no contact with the patients, she provided diagnoses and proper treatment through Patricia.”
Anya was horrified. “Maybe she helped a lot at the beginning, but surely later ….”
“No, no, not at all. Patricia never stopped calling. Sometimes she even called ten times a day.”
Anya thought a moment. Then certainly Bertha knew about my problems. She started to tremble. “So that’s why they were on the phone all the time. People thought it was because they were so close.”
“That’s right. And they really were close, but only until the day Patricia got married. Before that, she was the poor little sister, but then she became spoiled and demanding. Her husband bought her beautiful clothes and took her out to fancy restaurants. He bought her a sports car and gave her a gift of precious jewelry almost every month. At first, Bertha was happy for her because she had found a handsome and rich man, but eventually the whole thing got on her nerves. Bertha had no money herself and hoped that Patricia would somehow help her.”
“She didn’t want to help?” Anya asked.
“Of course she helped, but not in the way Bertha expected. She expected concrete financial help, but Patricia gave her clothes that she no longer wore. She did the same with furniture. Bertha never refused, but Patricia’s behavior irritated her more and more.”
Anya listened with an open mouth.
“The worst was when Patricia’s husband died and left her all his money. Bertha was certain that Patricia would buy her at least a small house. But she was mistaken again because Patricia didn’t give her a penny.”
“Why didn’t Bertha say anything to her?”
“She was too proud.”
Hunter was silent for a moment and then continued. “Despite it all, Bertha kept helping her. Each time Patricia asked for advice, Bertha stood by her side.” He looked straight ahead and was silent again. “Then there were her depressed periods. Because of what happened to her in her childhood, Patricia often felt very low and only very strong pills, recommended by Bertha, helped. On the outside, Patricia looked like a strong and self-confident woman, but on the inside she was unpredictable and fragile. If Bertha hadn’t taken care of her, she would have broken down a long time ago. She simply couldn’t allow herself to do that. She usually had hysterical attacks at home or when she visited Bertha. I can’t tell you how many times my wife was utterly exhausted because Patricia had literally sucked her dry.”
“And she was afraid of men?” Anya asked.
“Yes, very afraid of men. Patricia deeply feared the opposite sex, which was why she was almost always alone. After her husband died—he was a homosexual and never touched her—she didn’t have any other relationships.”
“He never touched her?”
“Yes, but she was happy with him. Michael was very rich and he married Patricia because of his strict father. You should also know that the wedding never would have happened if Bertha hadn’t convinced her.”
Anya could not believe it.
“After the death of her husband, only men who were incredibly patient had any hope of success. There were very few of them. And, of course, it wasn’t her fault, poor thing. She tried to forget the past but she couldn’t do it. Despite the fact that she was a psychiatrist, she didn’t know how to help herself. And that’s not even mentioning her other problems.”
“What problems?”
He blew out through his nose. “One of her problems was her obsession with cleanliness. Patricia could not get rid of the feeling of dirtiness. Even though she had a maid, she was constantly scrubbing her apartment.”
Anya thought about her own habit.
“I’ll tell you something else. Maybe it will help you find the murderer more easily, because you have to find him.”
She nodded, looking worried.
“You remember Benny told you that someone had written him letters,” he said.
“Yes.”
“Those letters said that Patricia had a lover. Who do you think wrote those letters?”
“I don’t know,” Anya admitted.
“I did.” He wiped his wet eyes. “I had to write them because Bertha told me to. Her hatred for her sister had only gotten stronger over the years and she wanted Benny to kill her.”
Anya could not believe her ears.
“You have to promise me you won’t tell the police. I’m only telling you because I want you to find the killer. I’m worried that without my help you won’t be able to.”
“I won’t tell. I promise.”
He leaned back on the couch. He had stopped crying and his eyes were almost dry. “Only Bertha knew about Patricia’s resistance to men. She also knew that Benny had difficulty controlling himself and had killed his uncle. It was the ideal combination. She wanted the letters to make him enraged so that he’d kill Patricia.”
“But that’s horrible!”
“Yes, it is,” he admitted. “I tried to convince her not do it, but I didn’t want to rock the boat too much. Bertha could be very rude and insulting.” He was silent for a moment. “When they found Patricia dead, we were certain Benny had done it. That’s why my wife called you. She was frustrated with the police, who weren’t doing anything.”
Anya said, “The police couldn’t do anything because Benny didn’t kill her.”
“Yes, that’s right. Bertha was the only person who knew that Benny had killed his uncle, so she called you and confided her secret. She couldn’t tell the police because that would have damaged the hospital’s reputation.”
“And then I was also certain that Benny killed her.”
“Yes, until someone else killed Benny and that girl,” he added.
“And until that someone else also killed Bertha,” Anya concluded.
Hunter covered his eyes with his hands and started to cry again. “Yes, until that killer went after my wife. I don’t know who’s doing this, but it must be one of Patricia’s patients. There’s no other way the murders could be connected.”
Anya answered him with a cold voice: “That’s what I’m going to have to figure out.”



Chapter 94
___________________



Edgar Vann stared at the screen for more than two hours. He knew he had to be careful because the police monitored some Internet pages. As his fingers moved along the keyboard, the cat rubbed his legs and mewed loudly.
“Scat!” He angrily pushed it away. “Leave me alone!”
But the cat had no intention of leaving.
“Goddamn pest!”
The girl online had not yet answered, although she should have long ago, and this made him nervous.
The question finally appeared on the screen: “How are you, Ed?”
Ed was the short name that he used on the Internet. He typed: “You’re here at last. I’ve been bored.”
“Mmm.” Just those three letters.
“I don’t feel like being at home. I’d like to go out.”
“Not a bad idea. Where do you want to go?”
“Out to enjoy the sunshine. It’s a nice day. I’d get some ice cream, maybe go to a movie.”
“Great. Shall I come with you?”
Much to his surprise, she had taken the bait. The girl was thirteen years old and lived with her mother. Only the day before, he had said he was easily old enough to be her father, but this apparently hadn’t bothered her.
They decided to meet at the Portland Art Museum.

*

Astonished, he stared at the adorable little girl with narrow hips and long legs. She wore her abundantly wavy hair in two pigtails. She held a lollypop in her right hand.
“Now you’ve really surprised me!” he said.
“Why? I don’t understand.”
“Are you really only thirteen years old? You look at least seventeen.”
She smiled giddily and showed him her monthly bus pass. “Now do you believe me? You also look older than I pictured you.”
He frowned. “That’s my car,” he said. “Would you like to go for a ride out of the city? I know a place where they sell wonderful ice cream.”
Looking worried, she pouted and held her chin. “I don’t know. I promised my mother I’d be home in an hour and a half.”
He tried to calm himself by breathing deeply. “That’s no problem. I can get you home in an hour and a half.”
“I’d rather take a walk through town.”
“You don’t want to see my car?”
“Okay, but only if you promise I’ll be home in an hour and a half.” She skipped after him and he nodded in satisfaction.
In the car, he offered her a bag of chocolate candies.
“You bought this for me? Thank you so much. My mother is always hiding the candy. Where are we going, anyway?”
“Don’t worry. We’ll be there any minute now.”
As soon as they left the city limits, Edgar turned onto an unpaved road that led to an orchard. “We’ll park here. You’ll like it.”
Before parking, he rested his hand on one of her knees. The girl moved her leg away. “What are you doing?”
His face reddened and his eyes became strangely absent. “I want to play with you.”
“But didn’t you say we were going to go for a walk?”
He stroked her thigh again.
The girl turned and tried to get out of the car, but the door was locked.
Edgar Vann was shaking in agitation. “Don’t! I want to show you something.” He moved his big hand down to the zipper on his pants.
“No! I don’t want to see that! Please!”
“I’ll drive you home if you want, but you have to do what I say. It won’t last long. And afterward I’ll buy you whatever you want.”
“No!”
He grabbed her head and pushed it down.
“I don’t want to!”
“Oh, you’re going to do it!” He squeezed her head even harder.
“No!”
At that moment, three policemen arrived on the scene. Edgar released the girl’s head and looked around him. He tried to close his zipper but the metal tip came off in his hand.
“Open the door!” one of the uniformed men ordered. He was pointing a gun at Edgar.
Edgar unlocked the doors and cautiously eased from the driver’s seat.
The girl stepped out of the car. “Finally,” she said to an officer. “I thought you’d never get here.”
Edgar looked at her in amazement as she pulled off her wig with the two long pigtails. She had short red hair. She was at least twenty years old.
“You’re arrested for child abuse.”

*

Two hours after Edgar Vann was taken to the police station, an overweight officer entered his cell.
“My name is special agent John Pickens.”
“Why did you arrest me?”
“We’ve gathered a lot of evidence against you, Mr. Vann. I’ll tell you everything in due time. We know that you like young girls, very young girls.”
“That’s not true. I deny everything.”
“We’ve been watching you for two months now.”
Edgar nervously thought about what he’d been doing during that time. “I’m innocent. You have to let me go.”
John Pickens pushed a lock of wavy hair from his forehead. “Considering everything you’ve done, I doubt you’ll ever see the light of day again. They’re going to lock you up and throw away the key. But one thing at a time. First, I’d like to know why you were following your daughter, Bertha Hoff.”
“My daughter?”
“Yes, your daughter, who was found dead yesterday at a psychiatric hospital. You killed her, didn’t you?”
“What on earth are you babbling about?”
“You also killed Patricia, your other daughter, her lover, Benny Martin, and one other girl. You might as well confess.”
For some time, Edgar Vann looked as if he had no idea what to do, and then he started to shake his head and cried uncontrollably.




Chapter 95
___________________



Anya went to visit Susan Hastings again, first telling her in detail about everything that had happened. She added that she suspected one of Patricia’s former patients and asked if Patricia had ever talked about her patients.
Anya listened, head in hands, as Susan told her that Patricia had occasionally joked about some of them, but never mentioned their names.
“Try to remember. Any information could be very useful to me.”
“No, I can’t remember anything. I’m sorry.”
Disappointed that Susan could not tell her anything useful, Anya wanted to leave and go back to the hospital, so she asked the waiter for the check.
“Do you really have to leave?” Susan asked.
“I don’t have much time. I have to find out who killed them and I don’t think it will be easy. Who knows who will be next?”
Susan grabbed her hand as Anya stood up from the table. “Wait, please! I do remember something. She mentioned a man named Howard at least twice.”
“What? Howard, you said?” She sat down quickly.
“If my memory doesn’t betray me, she might have said that this Howard was in love with her, and Patricia was angry because of it. I don’t know how it turned out.”
Anya thought, In her letter, she had underlined the letter H. It could be him. A cold chill went down her spine. Howard? He was one of the three men she suspected from the recorded sessions. She remembered well that he suffered from exaggerated jealousy and psychotic disturbances. No woman could stay with him more than four months because he followed her every footstep.
“I don’t know if that’s any help, but it’s all I can remember. As I said, Patricia rarely talked about her patients.”
“Thank you for everything. I’m really in a hurry, Susan. Thanks again for taking the time to talk with me.”

*

Anya noted the absence of police in front of the psychiatric hospital.
“I came because I thought …”
“Fine. That’s what we agreed on,” she said. Lisa led Anya to the room where the CDs were stored. “If the police find out you’ve come into Patricia’s office, both of us will be in a lot of trouble. They told me quite clearly that nobody has the right to enter this place while the investigation is ongoing. I hope you know what you’re doing.”
Anya was grateful despite Lisa’s unpleasantness. “I promise everything will be alright. I want to ask you something. The most suspicious patient was named Howard. I’d like to listen to his sessions. Do you perhaps remember him?”
Lisa looked up. “Howard Reagan. Of course I remember him. A very pleasant man, at least a pleasant exterior.”
“I’ve received information that he was in love with Patricia.”
“In love with her? It’s true that he sent her a bouquet of flowers once, but I thought he was simply grateful for her psychiatric help.”
“I think it was more than gratitude, but I need to confirm that. Where can I listen to the CDs?”
“It would be best if you do it in my office. I have other work to do.” She put her hand up to her chin. “My goodness. I would have a hard time believing he was the murderer. He was a very pleasant fellow.”
“We mustn’t lose any time. There have been four victims so far. Who knows who will be the fifth?” Anya ran her finger down the various titles on the CDs. “I can’t find his name. Can you help me?”
Lisa stared into the cabinet for some time. “Somebody stole them.” She looked around her as if the CDs must be close by.
“What if he took them?” Anya asked in agitation.
“I find that hard to believe.”
The two women looked for the CDs of his sessions for the next ten minutes, but did not find them. Anya asked for his address.
“I can’t give you that,” Lisa said. “What could you possibly say to him? What excuse would you come up with to make him even open the door?”
“What if I don’t say anything? What if I follow him and watch him?”
“No, I’m sorry. I won’t give you his address.”
“Then you have to tell me if his sessions were among the ones that Bertha listened to.”
“I don’t know. There were a lot of them. Do you think I was capable of working those things out with her dead body lying right next to me? I was completely beside myself. I put all the CDs away in the cabinet. That was all I managed to do,” Lisa said, almost shouting.
Anya raised her voice as well. “I don’t know if you realize this, but you are concealing evidence. So you, in fact, are helping the murderer. You could be put in jail for that.”
“Alright, have it your way. I’ll tell you where he lives. The hell with you if you want to take down our hospital.”
“Always your hospital! What about Patricia, Benny, Bertha, and that poor girl?” Anya waved her hand in disgust. “Give me his address, please. I’ve already lost too much time.”




Chapter 96
___________________



Hunter would have preferred not to wake up Monday morning. The sudden death of his wife had shocked him so much that he could hardly move. Fortunately, his parents were on the way. They were scheduled to arrive in a little more than an hour and he would be free to arrange all the details of the funeral. Hunter did not know how he would be able to handle the loss of Bertha. I must be strong, he thought, the children need me.
After his parents came and they discussed what to do, Hunter decided he had to take some action.
That damned hospital, he swore on the way in his car, that damned hospital is to blame for everything. I’m going to finish at the hospital what my beloved Bertha started.
The security guard said, “Hello, Mr. Hoff. My sincere condolences.”
“I’d like to speak to Dr. Lan Hampton.”
“That won’t be possible,” he said pleasantly. “Didn’t you hear? Some young kids beat him up. He’s at the NE Second Avenue hospital.”
“Alright, then. I’ll go see him there.”

*

The body and head of Dr. Lan Hampton were bandaged. He didn’t even notice the stranger standing at the foot of his bed.
Finally he turned from looking out the window. “Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t see you.”
Hunter introduced himself. “My name is Hunter Hoff. I came because I want to talk to you.”
Lan’s mouth fell open, and then he offered his condolences.
Hunter could hardly speak. “I heard you were beaten up.”
“Yes, it’s true. A group of black boys attacked me for no reason. I still don’t know why it happened.”
“I know why,” said a woman’s voice from the hallway.
Both men stared toward the door.
Katherine was standing there.
“Oh, Katherine, you came to visit.” Lan introduced Hunter to her. “She also works at the psychiatric hospital.”
“Pleased to meet you,” Hunter said pleasantly.
Katherine offered her hand and they were silent for a moment.
Finally Lan said, “You said you knew something?”
Nodding her head, Katherine sat on the bed. “Although you’ll find it incredible, I think that Lisa is responsible.”
“But that’s outrageous!” Lan blurted out.
Hunter lifted his hand toward Dr. Hampton.
“Can I finish?” Katherine asked.
“Of course. Tell us what you think,” Hunter said, encouraging her with a nod.
“Although you won’t like what I’m going to say, Lan, I’ll tell you my opinion. It seems incredible that some boys would attack you like that. Not to mention that someone would break into my apartment at exactly the same time.”
“Oh, come on, Katherine, your assumptions are completely—”
“It wasn’t an ordinary theft. My most beautiful dresses were torn. All my clothes were shredded and closets destroyed. Since when do thieves do that sort of thing? If you ask me, I think Lisa was behind it. She wanted revenge on me because I resented her, and on you, Lan, because you were the only person capable of running the hospital. She was afraid you were going to replace her.”
Lan became upset, but Hunter interrupted him. “That’s exactly why I came here. I don’t really know what is happening at the hospital. My wife didn’t like Lisa Richards. She had discovered some shortcomings and I think it was only a question of time before she was going to make a change.”
“So I was right,” Katherine said. “Bertha Hoff was going to inherit everything.”
“Yes, my poor wife was the sole heir.” Hunter covered his eyes with his hands and was barely able to hold back the tears. “I came because I wanted to finish what she was doing. If I am not mistaken, she offered you the position of director. Isn’t that right, Dr. Hampton?”
Lan looked first at Katherine and then at Hunter.
“How long are you going to be in the hospital?”
“Not long. I could start working tomorrow.”
“Even though you have broken ribs and a broken arm?” Hunter asked.
“I didn’t say it would be easy, but I could do it.”
“Good, then it’s arranged. Lisa Richards will be fired tomorrow.”
“But why?” Lan said.
“That’s my decision, Dr. Hampton, whether you like it or not. From tomorrow, you are the director of the mental health center. Goodbye.”
“Lisa is a capable woman who …”
But Hunter was already striding down the hallway.




Chapter 97
___________________



Anya could hardly concentrate on driving. She thought about what Hunter had told her. Poor Patricia and Bertha. Both had been raped.
There was terrible traffic on the road. Her car moved even slower than the passing pedestrians. She banged her fist on the seat out of anger. “Come on, faster!” she called out to no one.
Tension and fatigue were combining into an uncontrolled hysteria that increased from minute to minute. Unpleasant thoughts invaded her mind.
At one moment, when it got so bad that her eyes clouded over, she stopped in a parking lot next to a business complex. She turned off the engine and started to sob. How could that have been allowed to happen? She could not understand how such people could exist.
Men, she thought. Only they can be so disgusting.
She hit the steering wheel and then buried her face in her hands. Why didn’t anyone help them?
She was looking for a tissue in her bag when she was suddenly carried back more than twenty-five years, to a time when she was nine years old.

*

“Get out of here!” she yelled at her father when he entered her bedroom. Anya knew he was drunk.
“I don’t know why you’re so difficult.” He leaned on the doorframe. “I’m nice to you.”
“I want to be alone. I don’t care if you’re nice.”
“I think you need to be taught some good behavior. Mother went to the market and she won’t be back for an hour.”
“Get out, please!”
She could never remember what happened afterward. In some blurry place in her mind, there was the memory of him throwing her a dirty kitchen rag and telling her to wipe the blood between her legs. And why was she dressed only in her underwear?
My God!
He never touched her again after that.
My God, my God … she kept repeating to herself while shaking her head sharply. No, no, it’s not possible. She was breathing as if she were running a marathon. Is it true that I was also raped? Is it possible that I erased the incident from my memory?
First her hands started to shake, then her legs, until she was shaking all over and sobbing loudly.




Chapter 98
___________________



Special agent John Pickens’ yelling was so thunderous that the walls shook. “How could you let Edgar Vann escape!”
The young uniformed office had a bitter expression on his face. “I don’t know how it happened,” he said. “Somehow he knocked me to the floor.”
“You mean he attacked you?”
“Yes, of course that’s what I mean. He physically tackled me, stole the keys and my pass, and then ran out.”
“I can’t believe it. Why wasn’t he stopped at the exit?”
“One of the officers had gone to the bathroom right at that moment. Vann threw the other one on the floor, same as he did me.”
“No, no. I can’t believe what I’m hearing.”
“I’m sorry, boss. It was my fault for closing the door behind me. I thought—”
“Damn you! You’re going to pay for this! You’re going to be fired! A criminal escaped from your custody.”
“I’m really sorry.”
“Oh, you better be. That man is a pedophile and a serial killer. He’s already killed four people. Oh, God save us!”
“I’m sorry.”
“Out! Get out of my office!”




Chapter 99
___________________



Anya went to the address where Howard was supposed to be living. In the lobby, she looked for the buzzer with his name on it. When she didn’t find it, she took the elevator to the top floor and went down, searching from door to door. To her disappointment, she was soon on the ground floor again.
An elderly woman came out from her apartment to speak to her. She was of small stature, with curly gray hair tied back with an elastic band. “Who are you looking for?” she asked.
“A man by the name of Howard Reagan,” Anya answered.
The woman smoothed down her hair. “I take care of the order and cleanliness in the house. I knew Mr. Reagan well. He was a pleasant young man, but, unfortunately, he doesn’t live here anymore. He sold his apartment.”
“Would you happen to know where he moved to?”
She shook her head. “He said he was going to Idaho.”
“And when did he go?”
“If I’m not mistaken, it was about one week ago.”

*

When she got home, Anya made herself a cup of relaxing chamomile tea. Because of the tension she felt in her stomach, she couldn’t even sit down. She walked from the living room to the kitchen and back again. She thought about herself and about Patricia. How could she have worked as a psychiatrist with so many unsolved problems of her own?
What if it wasn’t possible for her to solve them? What if the childhood rape left her with irresolvable problems?
“No, no! I don’t want that!” Anya cried aloud and stamped her foot on the floor. “I don’t want to be like her!”
She took a sip of tea and turned around. I don’t want to be alone until the end of my life. I want children, and more than one. Even though I’ll suffer, I’m determined to have them.
She remembered her last conversation with Patricia. I was angry because she started to talk about sexuality. Only now do I realize that she wanted to help me. She should have been more forceful with me.
Or did it also make her sick to talk about it? I went to her at least six times and we never progressed. I’m sure it was hard for her too.
She opened the window because the apartment was stuffy and she had started to feel sick.
I need to talk to someone even it does turn my stomach to talk about it. I have to look the past in the eye, but I won’t be able to do it alone. She went decisively toward the telephone.
“Andrew. It’s Anya calling.”
Her voice was tense and he asked if anything was wrong.
“No, nothing in particular. I need to see you, though. How would you like to get together at my place?”

*

While she was waiting impatiently for him, her friend Beth called. “It’s nice of you to call but I must tell you I’m expecting someone. So I won’t be able to talk long.”
“It’s okay, Anya. I was only calling to chat. How are you?”
“Fine, fine.”
While they talked, Anya opened the mail that was on the table in front of her. There was the water bill and electric bill, and one letter that surprised her.
“Beth, I can’t believe it. I got a letter from the newspaper agency of the Daily News, where I went for that interview. They write that there was a mistake and they wanted to hire me from the very beginning. They’ve invited me to come in for a meeting.”
“That’s wonderful!”
“I don’t know,” Anya said calmly. “They probably saw me on the cover of Clarice and know how many copies it sold. That’s the only reason they want me.”
“What’s wrong with that? If they want you because of that, it means you can ask for more money, that’s all.”
Anya sighed deeply. She felt nervous because of Andrew’s impending arrival. “I don’t know, Beth. I don’t think it’s okay. If they didn’t want me then, why should they now? I’ll have to think about it. I’ll have to see what the future brings.”
“Don’t rush into anything. But I won’t keep you anymore. One last question. Does it have to do with that man you see from time to time?”
“Who says it has to do with a man?” Anya laughed.
“I’ve known you for a long time and you would never be this nervous because of a woman.”
“Yes, it’s Andrew, who I’ve been seeing lately.”
Beth put on a teasing voice. “And you’ve even invited him to your place? You really deserve a medal. I hope you’ll keep me informed. Have a nice day!”
“You too.” Anya hung up the phone and looked around her apartment. It struck her as dirty and untidy. She remembered Hunter’s remark that Patricia was obsessed with cleanliness. From a kitchen drawer, Anya retrieved a cotton rag. Aren’t I also obsessed with cleaning? My God. Is it possible that I’m like that because of …. She angrily opened the cupboard where she kept the garbage can and tossed the rag into it. I’m not going to clean anymore, damn it! I’m going to struggle against that!

*

Andrew took off his jacket and shoes. When she showed him around the apartment, he commented, “You keep it very nice and clean.”
And she thought it was dirty. Trembling slightly, she offered him a drink and put a small bowl of salted mixed nuts on the dinette table.
They sat together at the table and exchanged pleasantries for a while. He praised the furnishings and design. She told him that he was nicely dressed.
Finally she gathered her strength, walked over to lean against the kitchen countertop, and forced herself to begin. “You know, Andrew, there’s something we should talk about.” The words came off her tongue with more difficulty than she’d expected. She wanted to start by talking about her past but it didn’t work, so she turned to the subject of Patricia. She narrated the details about Patricia’s life that Hunter had told her.
“But that’s horrible. You say that both of them were raped?”
“Yes, that’s right.” Anya went on to say that it had severe consequences for Patricia, that she was often depressed, and obsessed with cleanliness. She swallowed hard.
After a while, she said with some difficulty, “You know, I’m obsessed with cleaning too.”
He stared around the apartment. “I’ve never seen such a clean apartment.”
“You see, that’s what I wanted to talk about. Today I realize that in all likelihood I was probably also—” Her voice broke.
Andrew finished the sentence for her: “Raped. You want to tell me that you were raped?”
“Yes.” She clenched her teeth. The knuckles on her right hand were white from squeezing the kitchen countertop so hard. “I was raped.” She couldn’t believe she was finally saying it aloud. “I was raped.”
“Come to me,” he said. “Why are you standing there leaning against the countertop? I know it’s hard for you. It must have been awful.”
He stood and wrapped his arms around her. Feeling his warmth, Anya started to sob uncontrollably.
“My father raped me,” she said with disgust. She could actually see it clearly now, how he forced himself on her. She sobbed even louder.
“It’s alright, darling, it’s alright.” He stroked her hair. “Everything’s going to be fine. We’ll get through your troubles together. I’ll be gentle with you. I won’t let anyone touch you. I’ll be with you all the time.”
Anya told Andrew that after that night her father never touched her again. “I actually erased the incident from my memory. As if it never happened. I don’t know how that’s possible.”
“I understand.” He kissed her on the cheek. “You don’t know how much I love you.”
“And that’s why I’m the way I am. Whenever anyone tried to get close to me, I ran. I was afraid.”
He put his hands on her cheeks and they looked into each other’s eyes. “I have to confess that I was sometimes angry with you. I didn’t know what was the matter. I thought you weren’t attracted to me.” He kissed her lips. “I love you, Anya.”
“I think I also love you, Andrew. And you do attract me, but …” She kissed him back. “Now that I’ve told you everything, it’s easier for me. As if a weight has rolled off my heart. Because of Patricia, I succeeded in looking the past in the eye and recalling the event that, as a child, I erased from my memory.”
“Everything will be fine now.”
She leaned her head on his shoulder. “Don’t hold it against me if I can’t sleep with you right away. I sense I might be able to do it soon.”
“Shh. Of course I don’t hold it against you. And I understand you, darling. There’s no hurry. When you’re ready, we’ll make love. Not before.” He ran his fingers through her hair.
“You’re very strong and I feel good when I’m with you. I’ve never enjoyed touching a man before.” She rubbed her nose against his neck. “And you smell so good.”
He held her by the chin. “You’re an extraordinary woman.”
He urged her over to the sofa where they continued gently holding each other. And that’s how they remained until evening, when Anya finally calmed down.
When he left, Andrew kissed her on the forehead and hugged her once more. “I can’t tell you how happy I am that I met you. Good night. Sweet dreams.”




Chapter 100
___________________



Lan decided that, despite everything, he would talk to Lisa and ask her some direct questions. He could not believe what Katherine had told him, but a bad feeling was bubbling up inside him. Recently Lisa had rejected him almost constantly. Whenever he called, she said she was too busy to see him.
What if those were only excuses? The troubling thought grew in his mind. What if there was something else?
No, no. Lisa is not like that. She is just unwilling to sacrifice her free time because she’s professionally ambitious, and I understand that.
Then he remembered the rumor that she had been kissing Ryan. Nonsense. Lisa would never cheat on me.
He paused in front of Lisa’s door because he felt a pain in his chest. As he lay his hand on the doorknob, he overheard Lisa talking to someone.
“That lunatic just fired me.”
“You’re not going anywhere!” Ryan yelled at her. “You won’t let him do that!”
“We didn’t plan on this, did we? We couldn’t know that Bertha’s husband would come.”
“Because of your incompetence, we’re both going to lose a lot of money. Do you realize that, Lisa?”
“Ryan, leave me alone. I can’t take it anymore. I tried.”
“And who’s going to run the hospital now?”
“He told me that Lan was taking over the management.”
“That’s not possible. He’s in the hospital.”
“Apparently you’re not as competent as you think you are. You said you’d put him out of commission for at least a month. It didn’t happen that way. He’s coming back to work today.”
Lan had heard enough. He quickly disappeared into his own office.




Chapter 101
___________________



Hunter Hoff awoke at ten in the morning with red eyes. He asked his parents to take the boys to the zoo.
As he was buttoning his shirt, he heard the doorbell ring. He made his way to the door.
“You ….”
Lisa Richards was standing at the door.
“Yes, me. I’m sorry to bother you at home, but there is some information I think you need to know.”
He put his hand up to his forehead. “What do you want from me? I am in the midst of organizing my wife’s funeral.”
“I am really very sorry, but you must let me in.”
He didn’t know what to do. He stepped back and said drily, “Alright. You have exactly three minutes.”
She walked in. “I’d like to tell you certain things about Patricia.”
“I’m listening.”
“Patricia was a very capable psychiatrist. All her patients were satisfied with her. She worked constantly, which is why she had no time to manage the hospital. Who do you think handled the hiring of new staff, paid salaries at the end of the month, defined professional policies, etcetera?”
“Look, Miss Richards, I know what you want to tell me. I already know all of that, but the fact is that my wife had detected a number of shortcomings in your management of the hospital and that’s why she wanted to replace you. I had to listen to her every day about it—”
“What shortcomings? I worked so hard. You have no idea.”
Hunter moved back toward the door. “Once I decide something, I never change my mind. I thought you had something else to tell me, such as who killed my wife and Patricia. But now I have to ask you to leave.”
“No. We have to talk. I can prove that I am a capable manager. Let me have five minutes to give you the facts.”
He sternly put his hand on the doorknob. “Don’t bother. If my wife wanted to replace you, she had a good reason for it. Otherwise, your story is of no interest to me. Dr. Hampton will be running the hospital from now on.”
Lisa stared at Hunter with an open mouth and shook her head no. “You can’t do this to me.” She reached into her bag with her right hand.
Hunter noticed that she was looking for something. “Please leave my house now or I’ll have to call the police.”
“I know who killed your wife,” she said coldly.
“Who?” He was frozen to the spot.
She lifted her hand. Something shiny glistened in it.
“What the hell?”
Hunter saw a surgical knife shimmering in her hand. Before he could say anything, she had already rushed toward him.




Chapter 102
___________________



Jane Wells called Anya two days later and gave her Howard Reagan’s last available address. Anya was disappointed to see it was the same address she had already visited. He had moved but not officially changed his address. Jane also said he had not had any business with the police. Anya thanked her for her precious help and promised they would get together soon. Then she had just enough time to go to the store for some food. She had decided to make a strong vegetable soup since she wasn’t feeling well.
As usual, she wanted least of all to be bothered by the telephone. When it rang, though, she lifted the receiver up to her ear. Anya heard only hollow breathing on the other end.
“Who’s there?” she asked firmly.
A muffled voice said, “You will pay for your sins.”
She paused for a moment. “Who are you? What do you want?”
“All who sinned must be punished. And you shall also be punished.”
“What are you talking about?” She was beside herself, convinced she was talking to the murderer. “Howard, is that you? Howard!”
The line went dead.
Holding her head, Anya paced up and down her apartment. How stupid! If it was the murderer, I made him aware of my suspicions. What an idiot I am!
She ran to the front door to make sure it was locked.
She was so nauseous she had to sit on the edge of the bed. She recalled that Patricia and Benny and Bertha had all received threatening calls before their deaths. I mustn’t panic, she said to herself. She put her hand to her throat and breathed rhythmically.
Then she started to think about weapons. Why don’t I own a gun? How will I defend myself if I’m attacked?
She thought about Andrew and called him in a panic. “The murderer just called me. He said I would pay for my sins. Maybe it was a joke, but I’m afraid it was serious. I wonder if you own a gun. I can’t stay at home. He must know where I live.”
“What kind of gun? What are you talking about? Hold on a minute. I can barely hear you. I’m in the bar.”
She closed her eyes to stop the tears. She didn’t want to hurt anyone. She had only wanted to find the killer. And I, idiot, asked it if was Howard. If it is him, I’m done for. He’ll kill me for certain.
“This is what you’re going to do,” Andrew said. It sounded as if he’d gone outside. “You are going to sit in your car and drive away. If you like, you can come to me.”
“Could I go to your little house at the foot of those cliffs? The place you took me last time?”
“Of course. Why not?”
She sighed. “I’ll never forget this.”
“But why don’t you go to the police?”
“Don’t worry. I will go to the police. But first I have to think about what I’m going to tell them. Right now I want to hide.”
“I have to do something here at the bar, but I’ll join you in about an hour. How does that sound?”
“That would be perfect.”
“Make sure no one is following you. That’s very important.”
“Don’t worry. I’ll keep my eye out for anybody following me.”
“Do you know where the key is?”
“Yes, you left it under the doormat.”
“Good girl. And drive carefully. I love you.”
“I love you too,” she answered, and then quickly slipped her car keys into her pocket and left the apartment.

*

Her car didn’t want to start at first, but she struck the steering wheel twice and promised to replace whatever needed replacing. The engine finally started. The whole time, she had the feeling that someone was watching her. Only when she was on the ring road, convinced that no one was following her, did she start to relax. She drove well over the speed limit.
Anya bought a map at a gas station and carefully studied her route. She bought a sandwich and two sodas. Before she sat down in the car again, she looked at the people around her. Nobody seemed suspicious.
She listened to the local radio as she drove. They were talking about the coming elections in which she was not the least bit interested. She constantly thought about what she should do. First I’ll talk to Andrew and then, if he agrees, I’ll go to the police. She remembered her promise to Lisa Richards, that she would never tell the police about the CDs. Lisa and the hospital can go to hell. What about me? It’s my life.
She turned the dial and searched for a station. If she hadn’t moved the CDs, the police would have figured it out and now they’re flying blind. I’m certain they have no idea who the killer is.
But what if the killer is a completely different person? Then why would he threaten me? What have I done that would make him phone me? She looked anxiously in the rearview mirror. The road was empty.
No, I’m convinced it’s Howard. He realizes that I’m on his trail and that’s why he wants to kill me. Oh my God.
Once she got to the small settlement, she easily remembered the way. Only a little farther through the woods and she came to the isolated house.
She looked for the key under the mat and unlocked the door. She stepped in with a smile on her face. Only then did she allow herself to relax.
Going into the kitchen, Anya plugged in the refrigerator. Then she put the sandwiches and drinks inside it. Taking off her sweater, she looked around at the thick layer of dust on the furniture. Yes, that’s exactly what I need. Cleaning will relax me.
She turned on the faucet and light-brown water gushed out. She let it run for a few minutes until the water was crystal clear. She put some detergent into a bucket and filled it with water. For nearly five minutes she searched for the right rag.
From minute to minute, she felt herself growing more relaxed. Remembering that Patricia had also been obsessed with cleaning, Anya thought, What do I care if I’m sick too? I can’t do anything different right now.
During the next hour, she wiped all the surfaces in the kitchen and removed the cobwebs. Then she swept and mopped the floor. She shook out the broom with satisfaction, marveling at how so much dust could gather in a closed space.
She touched something under the bed. She wondered what it was and pulled it out. She found three thick notebooks stacked one on top of the other. One was blue, one red, one yellow.
She sat on the floor with her legs crossed and opened the first notebook. Oh my God. Andrew keeps a diary. She snapped the book shut.
She swept under the bed and put the diaries back in the same spot. But later, when she was filling the bucket with water again, her curiosity got the better of her. Andrew writes a diary? What if I read the first page, just to see how he writes? It’s probably a childhood diary.
And she hurried back to the bedroom with a naughty smile playing about her lips.




Chapter 103
___________________



After only a few sentences, Anya realized that a woman had written the diary. She immediately thought that Andrew had saved the diaries of a former lover. But why would a lover give away her diary. It’s a personal thing that belongs exclusively to the one who writes it. Except if … except if the lover has died.
She kept reading.

I don’t know why I record only important events in my diary. Yesterday, for example, was an ordinary day that will remain in my memory because of what happened last night. I went for a walk with Benny. Even while I’m writing this, my heart beats faster. Thinking about him makes my body feel different.
I keep asking myself if Benny Martin is the right man for me. I don’t think so. But all the same, something attracts me to him. Why am I unable to resist him? Why do I tremble every time I see him? So many whys, and I don’t know the answers. I only know that I feel good with him, that inside he is well meaning and honest.

Oh my God, but this is …. Anya bit sharply into her lower lip. Why is this woman mentioning Benny Martin? A first wave of fear flooded her heart. She turned a few pages and started reading again.

I was walking in Waterfront Park and thinking about my life, when somebody tapped me on the shoulder. It was Benny Martin, who had come out of nowhere and banished in a moment the bad mood that had settled over me. I had to take a couple of deep breaths because I suddenly had the pleasant sensation of goose bumps all over my skin and my heart was beating rapidly.
He was wearing blue athletic shorts and a sleeveless T-shirt. He was sweaty and the muscles on his arms and legs shone.
He said, “What are you doing here? Taking a walk?”
Staring at his powerful arms and still in shock at seeing him, I only succeeded in nodding. It was as if someone had taken away my power of speech.
“That’s nice.” He offered to accompany me.
Only then did I recover. I told him that I wanted some fresh air and had decided to go for a walk. I should have said I was on my way home. I shouldn’t have allowed him to start a conversation.

Oh, it can’t be true! Because of the shock of the situation, she almost screamed. But what if my Andrew …? But how …?
Anya picked up a second notebook and her eyes jumped from sentence to sentence. On page eight, the name of Howard Reagan appeared. So it really is Patricia Bellows’ diary. Oh my God. Her heart was pounding wildly.

Howard Reagan is obsessed with jealousy. To make matters worse, he has a transitional psychotic disturbance. And I, fool, went out on a date with him. Of course, I was unaware of his problems then.
When he told me his life story and mentioned his difficulties, which weren’t all that different from other people’s, I thought he was nice. After two months, I told him it wasn’t necessary for him to come to me anymore because he seemed fine. That’s when he asked me out for a drink.
Only after our first date did he really start to open up. He told me he had had few relationships with women and that was the main reason he came to see me at all. He confided in me that he became obsessed with women with whom he had relations. He struck me as very romantic. I thought about how nice it would be if he were obsessed with me. All women want that kind of man. After the second date, he asked me out for dinner and I allowed him to kiss me on the cheek.
Then he told me that no woman had stayed with him for more than four months. I didn’t take him seriously. I didn’t care if he was jealous because all I wanted was for someone to really love me.

Anya shook her head, confused. But why does Andrew have her diary? Didn’t Bertha say that the murderer had stolen the diaries? Oh, this can’t be true.
She heard a car rolling up in the driveway. Without looking out the window, Anya knew that Andrew had arrived. She instantly put the three diaries under the bed and, trembling, continued with the cleaning.




Chapter 104
___________________



Lan had a lot of work to do. He said to the head nurse, “You’ll have to assign all my patients to different psychiatrists. Also, call all the employment agencies that we work with and tell them that we urgently need two new psychiatrists and one nurse. If there are any calls from journalists, tell them we are not answering any questions for three days.”
The nurse wrote everything down. “Anything else, Dr. Hampton?”
“Nothing else for the time being, thank you.”
All of a sudden, Lisa appeared in his office. “Hello, Lan!”
He flinched in surprise. “Oh, it’s you.”
“Don’t be embarrassed. I’ve come to get my things. You’ll be able to continue with your work right away.”
He didn’t know what to say. He stood up. “Can I bring you anything from the kitchen?”
“You only have one hand to work with,” she said with a smirk. Then she said, “No, Lan, you’re too kind. If I need anything, I’ll get it myself.”
He nodded and looked away. After a while, he said, “I’m sorry.”
“It’s not your fault. It wasn’t meant to be, that’s all. I’ll find a job somewhere else. Don’t worry about me.”
The nurse left the office, and they were alone.
“I’ve thought a lot about us, Lan,” Lisa said at last.
“Yes.”
“I’m completely happy that you’re going to run the hospital. In the end, everything ended well.”
He looked at her with mixed feelings.
“Now there will be more time for us.”
“Pardon me?”
“I’ll no longer be burdened with this job. I mean, you know, I think maybe it’s time that we could get married.”
He could hardly believe his ears. “After I was beaten up, you didn’t come to visit me even once in the hospital!”
“I’m sorry. I wanted to, but I had too much work. The police were here because of Bertha’s murder. I couldn’t ….”
A long silence followed.
At last, he threw caution to the wind and said, “I don’t feel anything for you anymore, Lisa.”
“What? What do you mean?”
“I loved you once, but not anymore.”
Her face stiffened. “It’s because of Katherine, isn’t it?”
“Maybe. If nothing else, she’s sincere and she cares about me.”
“Oh, no. That’s not right.” Lisa moved toward Lan. “You don’t even love her. What are you talking about?”
He held up his bandaged hand. “Didn’t I just say I don’t love you? Why are you pushing yourself on me?”
“You’ll see what it means to push!” She picked up the crystal vase from the table and broke it against his chest.
He roared in pain. “Stop, Lisa! That hurts!”
She hit him again. “You’re going to marry me whether you like it or not.”
“Help! Help!” he cried.
Then Lisa opened one of the drawers and pulled out a long, sharp letter opener. “You will marry me!”
“Lisa, what are you doing? Calm down! This isn’t normal. Help!”
But it was too late. She lunged toward him.




Chapter 105
___________________



Howard felt terribly bad about Anya. He had finally found a woman who entirely suited him and now he would have to get rid of her. Why did she have to go sniffing around where she had no business?
He thought about the day when he first saw her. He had noticed she was having trouble with her car, but because of the rage boiling inside of him, he had no intention of helping her. The way she came after him made him even more enraged. She struck him as one of those spoiled women who think they deserve everything. He didn’t even turn toward her, yet she persisted and he finally gave in.
It didn’t escape him, while he was looking at her engine, how arrogantly she regarded him. Whenever he said something, she didn’t look him in the eyes but ordered him about. Nevertheless, something about her made him think of her several times later that day, something that made him call her later.
He liked it the first time she wouldn’t let him touch her. He wanted a girl who wouldn’t run around with other men and who would be faithful to him. Yes, Anya was like that, like Patricia.
I’ll try to speak to her, it dawned on him, and if she loves me, she’ll forgive me.
He thought he saw her peeking through the window. She’s expecting me. How sweet!




Chapter 106
___________________



As Edgar Vann walked through the crowds of people, he had an uncomfortable feeling. He felt like everyone was staring at him. He didn’t know where he could hide from the police. His picture was on the front page of three newspapers, with the headline: Pedophile and serial killer.
The hell with them! he swore, stepping into a darkened bar. I’ll think about what to do here.
But only five minutes later, a fat woman turned toward him and stared with bulging eyes. It looked as if she recognized him. He gestured to the waiter and paid for his drink.
Edgar returned to the small, out-of-the-way apartment he had rented and pondered what to do: I don’t want to go to jail. What should I do with my life? He trembled at the thought of what would happen to him inside. Nobody likes pedophiles. They’re tortured and humiliated. Some are even killed.
No, I’d rather hang myself than let them lock me up. He thought of all the boys and girls he had sexually abused. Strange that they never caught me before.
The more he thought about things, the more depressed he got. His eyes wandered to the electric cord of the light above the kitchen table. It doesn’t make sense anymore. I’m old and when I look back on my life I don’t see anything good: only horrors.
What if the devil sent me here? Who knows? What god would want me to seduce little girls and boys? He thought about his daughter. Bertha was always rebellious. She always had to defy me. And now she’s dead.
Then he thought of his other daughter. Oh, Patricia. There was always something special about you. So shy and sweet. I’m sorry for everything I did to you. And you also had to die.
He went to get a bottle of brandy. He tilted it back and took several long swallows.
Life is worthless.
When the bottle was half empty, he started to cry. The alcohol only deepened his terrible thoughts.
There’s no point to it.
First he unplugged the kitchen light from the socket. With a butcher knife, Edgar cut the electric cord. He made a noose and, after removing a few ceiling tiles, looped the other end around a sturdy pipe he located in the space above the ceiling. He hoped it would hold.
Both of my daughters are dead, I’m completely alone, and I don’t want to go to jail.
He stood on the chair and put the noose around his neck. He emptied the bottle of brandy down his throat. He looked one last time at the cat staring back at him with its big eyes, and said: “Goodbye, my friend.”
Then Edgar Vann counted to twenty and kicked the chair away.




Chapter 107
___________________



“I came as soon as I could.” He greeted her with a light kiss on the cheek.
Anya was so scared she could hardly speak.
He looked around the house, going from one room to another. “Wow. It’s completely clean in here.”
“It was a pleasure,” she said briefly, while in her mind the thoughts churned: Is it possible that Andrew isn’t Andrew at all, but Howard? And by what coincidence did I meet him? She kept saying to herself that it wasn’t possible.
“Even the bedroom is all cleaned up. The floor is shining as if it were brand-new. Did you also clean under the bed?” he asked, his voice slightly less pleasant when he returned to the living room.
“Under the bed? No, I didn’t clean under the bed.”
He frowned. He sat in an old wooden chair opposite her and took her hand. “Tell me, Anya, what are we going to do? Have you thought about how to solve your problem?”
She pulled back her hand as if his touch disgusted her. “Perhaps it would be best to go to the police.”
“And what will you tell them?”
“I’ll tell them what really happened.”
“And what really did happen?” His eyes had an almost glassy sheen.
“I’ll tell them that I got a threatening phone call. And that’s why I left my apartment.”
“But didn’t you say that you couldn’t tell them everything? What about those CDs? Are you going to tell them you did something illegal?” His voice had an accusing tone.
She didn’t know how to answer him. “N-no, I won’t tell them that.”
“You seem very tense. Did you maybe find out something else, something that you don’t like?”
With difficulty, she looked into his cold eyes. “No, no. Otherwise everything is fine. I’m not tense.” She gave herself away again. She made a mistake by defending herself. “But I don’t know what to do. I’m afraid, Andrew.”
“There’s nothing to be afraid of here. It’s just the two of us.” His face approached hers. “I like you.” He put his hand on her leg.
Anya stiffened. “Oh, Andrew, I …”
She felt his tongue in her mouth and it felt as if she were eating a live snail. She pushed him away because she would have screamed otherwise.
“What’s the matter?” he asked her.
“Oh, nothing. I’m agitated. I wouldn’t be able to—”
“But before, you said everything was fine.” His lips approached hers again.
“No, please! I can’t!”
“You don’t want to kiss me?”
She pushed him away.
“Goddamn it! Why did you dig your nails into my hand?” He grabbed her by the shoulders and shook her. “What is the matter with you? Tell me the truth. I know you cleaned under the bed. Why are you lying to me?”
She wanted to escape from his grip but couldn’t. “Please, you’re hurting me. I’m not lying.”
“Why are you always looking away?”
She didn’t say anything.
“I’ll tell you why. Because you found something under the bed that you shouldn’t have.”
She shook her head stubbornly.
“Even though it was a personal thing, you had to stick your nose into it.”
Finally she exploded. “What if I did? What then? Who are you, anyway? Maybe you should tell me your real name. And why do you have those diaries under your bed? How is that even possible?”
His fingers loosened their grip. “Finally. I thought you were going to keep lying.” He was quiet for a second and then continued. “Everything is possible, my darling Anya. And I think you already know the answer. In the end, it’s all your fault.”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you remember when we first met? You had a problem with your car. Do you remember how you called out to me? You literally ordered me, a stranger, to help you. That was the day I argued with Patricia. I was on my way home. I didn’t want to deal with anyone and I ignored you deliberately.”
She would have preferred to cover her ears and not know any of this. “I didn’t order you, I needed help. My car had broken down, and—”
“You practically yelled at me.”
“I didn’t know, Andrew.”
“Stop calling me Andrew. I just made up that name. You know very well who I am.” He waited with a cold smile on his face. “Go ahead. Say my name.”
She shook her head sharply.
“Go ahead. Say it. Is it so difficult? It’s a nice name.”
“Howard.” She exhaled through her teeth and stared directly into his eyes. “Howard’s your name, isn’t it?”
“Yes, that’s right.”
“But why? Why did you do it?”
“You mean why did I kill Patricia?”
“Yes.” Her mouth was dry.
He stood up from his chair and started to pace. “Patricia told me she liked me. She even spoke of love. At first I didn’t take her seriously, but she was the one who talked about it first, that she’d like to settle down, that she needed someone, and so on. I had never experienced with any other woman what I had with her.” He reflected for a while. “And then she threw me out like dirty laundry. I simply didn’t interest her anymore. I thought it would pass, but it finally sank in one day. It was Benny Martin who made her stop loving me. He ruined everything.”
“Is that why you killed him?” Anya asked. “You did it in that building? And the girl?”
“Yes, of course. That brute got on my nerves from the very beginning.”
Although Anya was afraid for her own safety, she asked, “But why did you kill Patricia’s sister?”
“You’re certainly curious. Alright, I’ll tell you. I don’t know why, but Patricia consulted with her sister about nearly everything. I was horrified when I read her diary. You won’t believe how many pages she wrote about me. In the diary, Patricia wrote that Bertha recommended I take certain pills that might help me. If they didn’t, she recommended locking me in a psychiatric hospital. Can you imagine?” He made an odd circular movement with his left hand. “Do you remember on Saturday evening, we went for a walk and you told me that Bertha knew who the killer was? That’s when I decided I had to get rid of her.”
“You shouldn’t have done that … Howard.” Anya could only say his name with difficulty.
He took a sharp breath in through his teeth. “Do you think that maybe you can forget about all of this? Do you think you would be able to erase the filthy past and start a new life?”
Now the words erupted from Anya’s mouth: “Alright, I’ll tell you the truth, Howard. And I’m convinced you already know it. The truth is you can’t trust anybody. You’re consumed with jealousy, you can’t control it, and you need treatment. You know that Bertha was right. How many people do you intend to kill before you admit it?”
“You’re pretty damn bold to talk to me that way since you know that the same fate awaits you. I’ll kill you and that will be the end of it. I won’t have anything more to do with women since none of you can be trusted.”
“That’s nonsense. Sooner or later you’ll fall in love again. And sooner or later you’ll have to kill someone again. You know that as well as I do.”
He slapped her across the face. “Shut up! You don’t know anything about me!” He hit her again.
Now she was certain that she couldn’t convince him with words. She made the sudden decision to attack him. She kicked him in the stomach with all her strength and pushed him away.
“Bitch!” he shouted after her, almost panting. “You won’t get away from me.”
She was outside in an instant. She ran toward his car, hoping that he had left the key in the ignition. She could hear him bursting out of the door and running toward her. The key, unfortunately, wasn’t there. There was nothing she could do but run away as fast as she could and hope she was faster than him.
“Leave me alone!” she screamed.
“I can’t leave you alone, Anya! I have to kill you.”
She bit her tongue from fear and tasted blood. “Please don’t kill me! Please!”
“I can’t trust you.”
She ran next to the steep cliffs, down a slope, past the trees, and toward what looked like a shallow river. The whole time, she heard his heavy steps behind her and became increasingly hysterical. “Help! Help!” she screamed.
“Nobody will help you. You just keep screaming.”
“Help!”
She could sense him getting closer. She gathered her strength and made longer strides. She didn’t know where he was exactly. She hoped he wouldn’t grab her.
The river was not as shallow as it had looked from a distance. If she wanted to get to the other side, she would have to swim.
“Stop! You have no chance! You know I’ll get you sooner or later.”
“No! Please!”
As she jumped over an obstacle, she slipped on a wet rock. Though she lost her balance only for a second, he took advantage of it and jumped on her like a wild animal. Together they fell into the icy water.
Anya screamed all the while, as they turned in the water and the current carried them downstream. The cold water locked her in a vice, disabling her. Howard struggled to push her head under the water. Somehow she managed to free herself from his grip and then grabbed him and tried to push him under. But he was stronger than her and again she went under the water. She tried to bite him, to scratch him with her fingernails, but nothing helped. She knew she had only seconds left. She would drown.
But she succeeded in getting her head out again. The rushing river helped her by tossing them both about. As she was fighting for air, she sensed that his head struck something hard. He was still holding her by the throat with one hand. With the other hand, he defended himself from any new blows.
She made use of the opportunity. The river was shallower at this point. She picked up a rock and struck him on the forehead. A curtain of blood undulated upon the surface of the river. At last, his iron fist loosened its grip and she pushed him away.
Anya scrambled out of the water, onto the other bank, and ran painfully up the slope. She saw Howard stagger out of the water holding his head. The thought that he might grab her again made her run faster, bent over, clutching at the soil.
Suddenly, opening up before her was an open meadow bathed in warm sunlight. Howard was a good fifty feet behind her. “Help!” she screamed and ran onward.
She ran as fast as her remaining strength allowed and succeeded in maintaining the same distance between them. She kept her eyes on the ground because she was determined not to slip again.
“Wait, my darling! Not too fast! Who will help you when you get to the forest?”
“Help!”
She approached a line of trees and, when the light was no longer so bright, she thought she could make out a rooftop in the distance. Her heart pounded like mad. Her eyes were filled with tears.
It looked like it was a large farm that stood in the foothills, in the shadow of a vast rocky plateau. She heard some cows moo while grazing in a nearby meadow.
“Help!”
“I’ll get you! You’ll see!”
As she approached the big house, Anya screamed again, “Help me!”
“Stop screaming!”
Almost with ease, she leapt over a wooden fence. The cows shifted nervously. Some lowed, others flicked their tails and chewed their cud. She jumped over a second fence and rushed toward the house.
The heavy oak door swung open on its hinges. She slammed it shut from the inside and looked for a latch. She noticed an old man looking out the window.
“What are you running from, girl? The door doesn’t lock. There’s nobody here.”
“I’m sorry to burst in on you like this. Please call the police!” She ran up the stairs.
“I don’t have a telephone,” he answered nervously. “Is someone following you?”
When Howard entered the house, the old man blocked his way. “Why are you chasing that girl? Leave her alone!”
“We just got married,” Howard answered, and pushed the old man aside.
“Leave the girl alone!”
Anya lost no time. She ran up to the attic and slammed the wooden door behind her, raising a cloud of dust. Sadly, it also had no lock. She pushed an armoire against the door and added her strength behind it to prevent Howard’s entry. Anya noticed a wooden paddle leaning against the wall.
Howard jiggled the knob and, leaning his body against the door, moved the armoire aside enough to poke his bloody head into the attic. She screamed loudly from sheer terror, knowing he would get in. When she stepped backward to grab the paddle, he shot forward and lost his balance, falling onto his hands and knees. Anya smashed the wooden paddle over his back and head.
She tried to climb through the attic window and out onto the roof, but he grabbed her feet and pulled her back. He held her tightly and dragged her across the floor. Before she even realized what was happening, his hands were around her neck. She fought back but her slender fingers could do nothing against his stronger ones.
He eased his grip for one instant, and she managed to catch her breath.
She begged him, “Please, Howard, don’t kill me!”
But his fingers tightened again. “I’m sorry, Anya, but I have to.”
The spinning of the space around her was a sign that she would soon lose consciousness. Her lungs felt about to burst. The end was near.
The pressure around her neck suddenly stopped. Her lungs filled with air. When she turned around, she saw the old man with the wooden paddle in his hand and Howard lying on the floor.
“Quick! Let’s get out of here!” she said. “Do you have a car? We must get to the city somehow.”
“Only a tractor,” he answered.
“Then let’s take the tractor. He’ll wake up soon.”
They left the dusty attic and ran down the wooden stairs to the barn, where hay was drying and equipment was stored.
In order to get the tractor out, the old man had to move a sprinkler and the attachment for fertilizer. Then he opened the two-winged door of the barn. Anya looked toward the house, hoping that Howard wouldn’t appear. She was still completely wet and so cold that her teeth were chattering. It was still chilly outside.
The old man started the engine of the tractor. A thick cloud of smoke filled the space.
Anya jumped on and said, “Hurry! Let’s go!”
The old man put the tractor in gear. “Don’t worry. We’re on our way.”
Anya was worried. The tractor made a lot of noise, which increased the chances that Howard would regain consciousness.
And, sure enough, she suddenly saw him. At first his legs were unsteady and he had to find his balance, but soon he was running after them.
“Doesn’t it go any faster?” Anya pleaded.
The old man put it in the highest gear and stepped on the gas. His withered hands gripped the wheel.
Despite the farmer’s efforts, Howard caught up with them and climbed onto the tractor. He pushed both of them roughly down from the vehicle.
Anya started to run back toward the farm, looking behind her often. She saw Howard hit the old man in the stomach. Then he grabbed the keys to the tractor and put them in his pocket. He kicked the old man again.
She ran to another farm building and opened the narrow door. There were about ten pigs crowded in the small space. The pungent smell of manure struck her in the face. She would have wanted to leave the pigsty, but Howard was so close behind her that she had no choice but to jump over the fence and join the animals. The pigs routed with their dirty fat snouts at her feet and snorted.
Howard laughed out loud. “Where are you going? Better to come to me. Or do I have to go among the pigs to get to you?”
An acrid smell permeated the air. Anya’s shoes were soon covered with soft mud. Wildly, she pushed the pigs away and tried to get to the window at the other side of the pigsty.
“Oh well, if that’s what you want.” He strode in among the pigs and they started to rout at him with their pink snouts.
Anya watched powerlessly as he approached her. Her frightened eyes scanned the place trying to figure out what to do. “Please! Leave me alone!” she screamed.
“You know too much about me. If I let you go, they’ll find me and lock me up.”
She noticed a bag filled with shiny yellow corn hanging on the fence. Sunbeams pouring in the little window bounced off the kernels, making it look as if the bag were filled with gold. A damp mist turned in the shafts of light.
“They’re going to lock you up no matter what you do. Did you think you could cover up all these murders? You’re sick, Howard. You need medical treatment.”
“Now you’re being smart with me.”
She had to step over two large pigs to get to the fence. The animals gathered around her. She only managed not to fall in the mud. She held on to the fence and sunk her hand into the bag. Now the kernels shimmered in her hand. One of the pigs nibbled at her feet. She kicked it away.
“I’m going to get you,” he said.
She threw the corn in his direction.
The pigs stampeded toward Howard.
“What the hell?” Howard tried with all his might to stay on his feet but the hungry pigs, unaccustomed to good manners, knocked him over in short order. He toppled across their backs, into the black manure. Anya clambered quickly over the fence.
Howard managed to get back to his feet, but then he slipped again. He tried to hold on but fell, taking down one of the swine with his right hand, and getting a face full of mud. Anya watched in horror as one of the pigs bit his hand, drawing blood. He struggled to get away but the pig held fast to his hand. Another started chewing on his ear. Anya almost wanted to help him but thought better of it when she saw him struggling to get to his feet again.
“I’ll get you, you bitch!” he screamed, before falling down again.
The last thing Anya saw was a pig biting him in the back. She ran outside, into the fresh air. The old man was coming toward her. He pointed toward the pigsty.
“He has the keys to the tractor. We’re not going anywhere.”
“Oh no! What will we do now? Who can help us?”
“Do you know how to ride?” he asked her.
“Ride? When I was a little girl, my father once put me on a horse. That’s all.”
The old man decisively pulled her by the hand. “Come on! You’ll be able to do it. I put a saddle on that horse. I’m too old to ride, but you ….”
They ran toward the fence where the horse was already waiting. Anya thought about Howard and grimaced in disgust.
Holding on to the horse’s mane and with the old man for help, she tried to pull herself up. The horse was calm, but the old man wasn’t strong enough and they both fell to the ground.
“Stop, you bitch!” The words rebounded through the air.
Both Anya and the old man were on their feet again in an instant. She tried to mount the horse again and this time she succeeded.
“How do I ride?” she asked.
“Gray will take you to the city. Encourage him slightly with your legs.”
She did as instructed, and the horse galloped forward.
Howard was already beside the old man. His face was covered with mud. Something like grass was hanging from his chin. In his hand, he held a saddle that he had found in the barn. “How dare you? I told you she was my wife.”
He pushed the old man to the ground and ran toward one of the other horses.
Anya’s horse ran at a gallop toward a wooden fence. “Please, no!” she cried out, but the horse was already in the air. She grabbed the harness and squeezed her legs together, but nevertheless didn’t succeed in staying mounted. She fell onto the grass. Howard, who had been trying to get one of the other horses, suddenly turned toward her. “Now I’ve got you!”
Anya was overcome by unbearable pain but she struggled to get to her feet. When she saw Howard, covered with blood and mud, approaching her, she quickly scrambled over the fence and once again onto her patient horse. “You’re a real cavalier,” she praised him, and the two rode into the forest.
Howard quickly saddled one of the horses and rode off. Soon he was racing in the same direction as Anya.
Riding was even harder than Anya imagined. Her horse ran with great speed across the meadow, through the forest, between trees and bushes. She was barely able to hold on and the branches, to which the horse was indifferent, whipped her across the face. It wasn’t long before she heard Howard behind her and she called out fearfully for help.
There was suddenly very little distance between them. Only once did she dare to look back and she saw his muddy face and angry eyes. Her horse ran even faster, though she could barely keep her seat.
“Leave me alone!” she screamed.
“I can’t!”
“They’re going to catch you. Sooner or later they will!”
“No, they won’t!”
“Let me go!”
He reached out his hand to grab her.
“Help!” she screamed again.
His fingers gripped her leg. Now she knew that help would not come. He would pull her from her horse and she would fall onto the ground and break her neck.
“No, you won’t!” she gasped, pulling her leg back in, and the horse ran away from him.
The forest suddenly ended and a valley opened before them. She saw a cluster of houses nearly a mile away. She urged the horse on with her knees and rode on. Howard was about ten feet behind her.
When he tried to grab her again, she remembered the leather belt she was wearing. She took it off quickly and struck at the head of Howard’s horse. That frightened it and the distance between them grew. Howard had to force his horse to pursue her again. She struck his horse again. The horse hung back.
“You damn bitch!” he yelled.
They were getting closer to the houses. Anya kept screaming for help. She screamed and screamed but she didn’t see anyone.
And then she felt a blow. Howard was beside her and he kicked her in the hip to make her lose her balance. Though she tried mightily, she couldn’t keep her seat and went tumbling to the ground.




Chapter 108
___________________



Special agent John Pickens nervously ate a chocolate cookie and thought about his difficult day. He thought about Anya Horvat. Although she had a nervous and irritating manner, he had come to like her. He admired her bravery and her persistence in reaching the goal she had set for herself. Who knows if she’s still investigating and what sort of information she has gathered?
Then he felt a pang in his heart. Maybe the murderer was on her heels already. He decided he had to warn her.
She didn’t answer her cell phone. He assumed she must have put it on silent to take an afternoon nap. I could send one of the boys to make sure she’s alright. Oh well, I’ll call her again in an hour or so.
About a minute later, he received a call saying that the body of Edgar Vann had been discovered. He’d committed suicide. John could not believe it. He made the person on the line repeat what he had said, that Edgar Vann had hung himself.
“Thank God. The murderer has delivered judgment on himself!”
He ate a couple more cookies and headed over to Edgar Vann’s apartment.




Chapter 109
___________________



“It’s all your fault!” Lisa screamed.
Ryan defended himself. “How dare you? If you weren’t so stupid and incompetent, everything would be alright now.”
“If anyone is stupid, it’s you! Not me!”
“You’ll see!” He punched her in the jaw and she fell to the floor. As she tried to stand up, he kicked her in the stomach. “You’re not going to tell me I’m stupid!”
The doorbell rang.
“Who is it?” Ryan called out.
“Police. Open up!”
Ryan looked at Lisa. “You whore! You led them to me. I have a large supply of ecstasy under the bed.”
“Open up or we’ll break the door down.”
Lisa, holding her hand on her aching jaw, looked at Ryan. When she saw that he was holding a bag of pills above the toilet, she went to unlock the door.
“There he is,” she said. “He’s flushing some drugs down the toilet.”
Eight armed policemen entered the apartment. Two held Lisa Richards, the others headed for Ryan Fletcher. Though he moved quickly, they prevented him from dropping the drugs in the toilet. They slapped a pair of cuffs on him.
“Whore!” he yelled, showing his teeth. “I’ll get back at you! Wherever you are, I’ll find you and kill you!”
“Watch what you say,” said one of the policemen. “It can be used against you.”
“I don’t care!” he yelled. “I’m going to kill that whore. I swear I’ll kill her.”
Two policemen held Lisa by the arms. “What’s your name?” they asked her.
“Lisa Richards.”
They put handcuffs on her as well. “We finally found you. You’re arrested for the attempted murder of two people. You attacked Hunter Hoff with a surgical knife, wounding him, and then did the same thing to Dr. Lan Hampton.”
She didn’t resist. She let them lead her away. She was smiling. “Life’s great, isn’t it, Ryan?”
“I’ll kill you!”




Chapter 110
___________________



Gregor Vojadinov wiped his brow and watched the tree fall slowly to the ground, a huge oak that he’d been working on for nearly two hours. Its gnarled roots had been blocking the forest path. The path had been here for decades and the oak unfortunately had to be removed.
He kept checking his watch while cutting the heavy branches with the chain saw. He had promised to take his father to the village.
Gregor loaded the branches onto a trailer.
He looked at his watch again. Father will be angry. I’m late, as usual.
On the way home he thought about his life. Ever since he and his father had left Russia, he had been happy at the farm. He was twenty-seven years old, with brown eyes and long wavy hair. Though it shone in the sun, it sometimes bothered him when strands got stuck to his damp forehead.
“Why don’t you find yourself a wife?” his father often asked him.
“I don’t like anyone well enough,” he always answered.
Gregor was not unattractive. To the contrary, he had a handsome and manly face. He was nearly six feet tall and very strong because of all the physical labor he did. Many girls in the area were interested in him. However, because he never asked them out, they spread rumors that he liked boys. Those lies irritated him and he got into fights with some of the young village men who had laughed at him.
Gregor didn’t like girls who forced themselves on him and dressed provocatively, revealing much of their ample breasts. He wanted to meet a modest girl who valued family life and wanted lots of children.
His father often scolded him for being too choosy and warned him that in the end he would be bitter and alone. “I won’t live that much longer,” he said. “Who will you talk to then?”
“You didn’t marry young,” Gregor retorted. “You met Mother when you were forty.” It was precisely because of his mother’s untimely death that his heart ached and he was afraid to love. “Then I’ll be alone,” he concluded grimly, “because I won’t marry a girl I don’t love.”
He drove the tractor with one hand and looked back, afraid that a branch might fall from the trailer.
He adjusted his hair and admired the beautiful landscape onto which the sun sent its amber beams. He could already see the outline of the farm. He would be home in ten minutes.
As he grew closer, he saw with amazement the old tractor parked some fifty feet from the farm. He then saw his father lying motionless on the ground, and rushed to his side.
“Father, what happened?” he asked.
His father’s eyes opened. “Oh, it’s you. You must help this girl. You have a phone. Call the police! Quick!”
Gregor was certain his father had lost his mind. “Calm down, Father, and tell me what happened.”
The old man told Gregor as quickly as he could about the girl and the man who wanted to kill her. “You have to believe me,” he panted. He pointed to the bloodstains on his jacket. “The man punched me with his bloody hands. That’s why I fell. Quick, go help the girl! They left on horses, in the direction of the village.”
Gregor obeyed his father. He ran like a shot to the barn, grabbed a saddle, and put it on the remaining horse. A few minutes later he had already arrived to the edge of the forest where he could see from a distance a man bent over a prone woman. Gregor was at the scene momentarily.
“Get off her!” his deep voice boomed.
Howard flinched but didn’t let go of her throat. “She’s my wife.”
“Let her go!”
“Don’t interfere!”
Then Gregor grabbed both of Howard’s shoulders and pulled him off.
“Who said you could—”
Gregor pushed Howard down to the ground.
“Damned farmer!” Howard used his hands to get himself back up on his feet.
“What have you done to her, you brute?” Gregor looked at the woman, whose eyes were closed.
Howard lunged at him and tried to strangle him as he had been strangling Anya. “You’ll see what will happen to her! I’ll do it to you first!”
But Gregor easily straightened his knees and stood up again. He used his left elbow to strike back and then punched Howard in the stomach. A sharp blow to the jaw followed and soon Howard was lying unconscious on the ground.
Gregor was surprised by Anya’s beauty. “Please breathe,” he whispered to her. He remembered the techniques for artificial respiration and placed his lips on her mouth. He carefully filled her lungs with his own breath. Then he waited for her to begin breathing.
But she didn’t move and so he again placed his lips on hers and exhaled.
Then he massaged her heart. He regretted not having listened more carefully in class. He wasn’t certain he was doing it right.
Then he breathed into her lungs again, this time with more force.
Gregor sensed a movement to his right and realized that Howard had regained consciousness. He would have wanted to stand up and punch him straight in the mouth but he didn’t dare leave the woman.
He breathed into her mouth once more and looked up at Howard. If this girl doesn’t wake up, he thought, I’m going to kill him.
But now, all of a sudden, he felt her warm breath, which meant that her life had not been extinguished. She was so beautiful that he wanted to pick her up in his arms and take her home.
She took a sharp, whistling gasp of air. He didn’t dare touch her. He merely clasped his hands above her and prayed to God that she would be alright.




Chapter 111
___________________



Anya’s pupils widened as if she had seen something terrifying.
“Everything’s going to be fine,” the man said.
But it was too late. Howard had picked up a large rock and smashed it into Gregor’s head. He fell to the ground.
“Oh, my darling has woken up. Did you think that the farmer boy was going to save you?”
Anya was still struggling for breath. She looked with horror at the broad-shouldered man lying next to her.
“Go to hell!” she yelled at Howard, and got to her feet.
“Run, Anya, run!”
“Leave me alone!”
“What? You again!” said Howard.
She turned and saw Gregor grabbing Howard’s foot as he was trying to get up.
“Now you’ll see who’s the farmer!” Gregor said.
Anya saw the broad-shouldered man lifting Howard easily in the air and throwing him several yards away. Then he picked him up again and tossed him down on the ground. The man was so big and strong that it took her breath away. His fists rained down on Howard and only stopped when Howard’s limbs were flailing lifelessly around his body.
“Thank you for saving me.” She remained where she was, as she didn’t dare to approach.
“Don’t be afraid,” he said, still out of breath. “Now it’s over. I won’t do anything bad to you.”
She pointed at Howard. “He could wake up again. He’s already killed four people. He’s very dangerous.”
“How do you know him and why did he want to kill you?”
“That’s a long story that I’ll tell you some other time. But now we should call the police.”
Gregor nodded and picked up Howard by his belt. Before Anya could say anything, Gregor slung Howard over his right shoulder. The sight was almost amusing. It looked as if were carrying a lamb.
“Watch out! What if he comes to?”
“Better for him if he doesn’t.” Gregor pointed to the nearby settlement. “We’ll call the police from there.” He tossed Howard over the neck of the horse and mounted. “He stinks like hell, this guy. Will you be able to follow me?”
“I could, but where’s the other horse?”
“Don’t worry, ma’am, I’ll call him.”
“Miss,” she corrected him.
Their eyes met. Anya blushed. Gregor whistled loudly. Gray appeared from where he’d been hiding.
“There you are, miss. My horse is at your service.”




Chapter 112
___________________



Anya’s face was pale and tired, her clothes filthy. She was still in shock. All this time, she had thought she was in love with this man—who had killed four people. How could I have not seen it? What should I tell the police?
A gentle hand on her shoulder reminded her that she wasn’t alone. Gregor Vojadinov was sitting beside her. “Stay calm. It’s over now.”
She nodded and smiled at him. “Did I thank you yet for saving my life?”
“Yes, you did. Twice.”
She wanted to hug him. She wiped the tears that were running down her face.
“You’re going to be fine.”
But she started to cry uncontrollably and didn’t stop until John Pickens arrived. She was surprised that they had discovered her whereabouts so soon. They drove her to the town police station where they all sat down around a big table and Anya started to talk. She told the story from the beginning, as she understood it. She did not mention Patricia’s past. She did not want to blacken her name. She simplified the story and said that Howard had become infatuated with Patricia but she had rejected him because of Benny Martin. He became enraged and killed both of them. She also mentioned Bertha Hoff’s call during which she reported that she knew who the killer was, and that was why he had to kill her as well. She spoke for over an hour and everyone simply gaped at the horrible chain of events.
“My God!” Gregor exclaimed. “And you had to meet him, of all people?”
She squeezed her eyes closed and rested her head in her hands. “Yes, only I would have such luck to fall in love with a man who was a murderer.”
She paused a few moments in order to control her sobbing. She then told them about the diaries she had found under Howard’s bed.
“You’re very lucky, Miss Horvat,” special agent John Pickens said.
Anya nodded and blew her nose.
“And you’re an amazingly strong woman,” he added. “Allow me to congratulate you.” He took her trembling hand and squeezed it in his.
A police officer from the village also chimed in: “It’s true. You are extremely courageous. What you’ve done is worthy of great admiration.”
And afterward, Gregor warmly shook her hand. “I’m so honored to have met you.”




Chapter 113
___________________



Anya was desperate and terrified because of Howard the first week. But by the second week she was wondering about the broad-shouldered man who had saved her life in the woods. Countless times, she relived the moment when he had grabbed Howard and slung him over his shoulder with ease. She precisely remembered his look at that instant. He had a nice face with warm eyes, surrounded by light-brown hair. She also remembered his large hands with which he had touched her shoulders on several occasions.
At the end of the third week when she had calmed down a bit and journalists from other newspaper agencies had stopped calling her so often, Anya decided to return to the farm and thank both Gregor and the old man for saving her life.

*

As she approached the house, she felt warm waves flood her body and her heart beat rapidly. I must be afraid of the memories here, she thought.
“Anya’s come! I knew she’d come sooner or later! I knew it!” The old man ran toward her with open arms. “How wonderful that you’ve come to visit us!”
They embraced warmly.
“I knew you would come. Please come in.” He hugged her again. “Oh, how happy I am!”
“I’m also happy to see you.” She looked around to see if Gregor was there.
The old man spoke as if he read her mind. “My son is working in the woods. He’ll be back in an hour or so. He’ll be so happy to see you.” Gregor’s father took her hand. “Come, come. I’ll make you a cup of tea or coffee.”
“I’ve came to thank you for helping me. I’m sorry that I ran onto your property, but I had no choice.”
“Don’t talk like that. I helped you because you needed help. Gregor too. He’ll be so enthusiastic to see you again. I shouldn’t say that he’s been thinking about you all the time. I’m not supposed to mention it.”
Anya was worried. “I hope he’s not upset about something.”
“Not at all. Don’t be silly. I know my son very well and I know what’s on his mind. He should see it himself. He’s always grumbling and in a bad mood. He was a cheerful fellow, happy with life, and now he’s all moody. I shall tell you a secret. He has cut all the photographs of you he found in the paper and keeps them in the credenza in his room. As far as I know, he looks at them every evening.”
Anya felt embarrassed. Her cheeks turned a rosy pink.
“You know, he’s afraid he’s not good enough for you. I decided to tell you because he won’t say anything.”
Then the old man said, “My name is Boris Vojadinov and I come from Russia.”
He told her what he had done in his life and Anya listened with interest, until they heard the sound of heavy steps echoing on the floor in the entry hall. Anya straightened her back and put a hand to her heart.
Gregor took off his boots and his sweater. Without looking into the kitchen, he called out a greeting to his father and walked up the stairs to the upper floor.
“Where are you going, Gregor? Won’t you eat anything?”
“No, Father,” came his dull answer. “I’m not hungry.”
Vojadinov turned toward Anya and winked.
Anya smiled wanly. She was as nervous as could be. She heard the heavy footsteps on the floor above.
“Gregor!” Boris called again.
“What do you want, Father?”
“Come down. We have a visitor.”
“Really?” Now his voice was different. “Why didn’t you tell me right away? Who is it?”
“Come and see.”
“It’s you.” Gregor gave his father a hard look. “Why didn’t you say right away that Anya had come to visit?” He stepped up to her and squeezed her hand warmly.
He looked even better than she remembered him. His hair was shorter and his face was tanned from the sun. She couldn’t speak when he held her hand. She had prepared a whole speech that she was going to say to him, but now she only stared at him.
“Will you have a glass of wine?” Boris said.
“Yes, that would suit me fine,” Gregor answered him.
Anya said, “I came … I came to thank both of you with all my heart for helping me. I am so sorry that I ran onto your farm. I didn’t know—”
“Oh, nonsense,” Boris said. “It’s a good thing you came to us. You’re a very brave woman. If we hadn’t all gone against him, God only knows what might have happened.”
“Yes, it’s true,” nodded Gregor. “It is a good thing you came here.”
“I’m so grateful to you both, that I got you gifts.” She looked around for her plastic bag. “You can see how confused I am, I forgot it in the car. Wait here and I’ll be right back.”
When Anya returned, she placed two wrapped packages on the wooden kitchen table. She pushed one toward the son and one toward the father. “Thank you so much for your help.”
Boris opened his package first. “This really wasn’t necessary,” he said, picking up the red woolen hat and gloves. “Oh, what a surprise! Exactly what I wanted.” He stepped up to Anya and kissed her on the cheek. “This must have cost you a pretty penny.”
“It’s my pleasure,” she answered, and turned toward Gregor, who still hadn’t opened his gift.
“What are you waiting for?” teased his father. “Open it.”
Gregor received a blue wool sweater and a matching scarf. “Thank you, Anya. It’s very nice.”
The old man smiled. He went up to his son and shook him by the shoulders. “You’re standing there like you’re made of stone. Go to her and give her a nice kiss.”
Gregor moved forward and then stopped as if he were afraid to go on. At last he moved his feet again and his warm mouth touched her cheek.
When Anya felt the softness of his slightly moist lips, she closed her eyes with pleasure. The ice was finally broken. Everyone sat at the table together and began to talk. Anya told them about what had happened to her in the last three weeks and both listened with interest.
After a while, the father made a suggestion. “Gregor, why don’t you take Anya around and show her the farm?” He stood up from the table. “I must apologize. I’m old and should go and rest,” he murmured. “Please promise that you’ll visit us again. It’s been so nice to sit and chat with you.”
“Of course, I’ll come again.” She noticed him winking at her.
Gregor stood up. “Come with me, then. I’ll show you the farm.”
Anya was enthused. She admired the green fields that sloped down toward the valley. She inhaled the fresh air with pleasure and enjoyed the song of nature, the birds and crickets chirping, along with the setting sun. An owl hooted in the distance and the horses happily swished their long tails.
Gregor and Anya walked on a narrow pathway that led toward the fiery sphere of the setting sun. The sky had a gray color, while the horizon was a bright orange red.
“I love this place,” Gregor said. He told her that he had been thinking of moving to the city but had changed his mind. “Not only because of Father.” He kicked a stone on the path. “But because the farm makes me happy. I would miss all the trees and the animals.”
“And it’s right to stay on the farm,” Anya said. “If you love this life, then you mustn’t go to the city.”
She spoke of herself for a while as well. She explained about the magazine she worked for and how she liked to read in her spare time.
They returned when it started to get cold. Anya once again thanked him for everything he had done for her, and he said at least three times that he hoped she would come again.




Chapter 114
___________________



The prosecution of Howard Reagan was long and painful. He hired one of the most capable lawyers around who managed to convince the jury that Howard’s actions were the result of his subconscious and his wild jealousy over which he had no control. The people in the courtroom were horrified. The trial had to be interrupted several times because of loud outbursts in the courtroom.
After three months, it was time for Judge Adam Jonson to announce the verdict. Howard Reagan received his sentence: twenty years of treatment in a closed psychiatric unit at the Oregon State Hospital in Salem.
The people in the courtroom were furious. Some whistled, some yelled. Anya also could not believe her ears. How could this happen? He murdered four people.
Jane Wells was waiting for her in front of the courtroom. “That’s no judgment at all.”
“The prosecutor said he would file a complaint in a superior court,” Anya said in confusion. She still remembered the defendant’s look as the police accompanied him out of the courtroom. He stared at her straight in the eyes and smiled.
Jane reached out and shook her. “I can see you’re in shock. Let’s go get something to eat. I know a restaurant nearby.”
“That’s a great idea,” Anya said, rousing herself. “I’ll treat. I want to thank you, Jane, for all your help and priceless information. Without you, I would have never come as far as I did, never discovered what happened.”
“You don’t have to worry about Howard for at least twenty years.”
Anya shook her head mutely. Again, she remembered his smiling face. As if he were saying to her: We’ll see each other again.




Chapter 115
___________________



Anya’s eyes were focused on the computer screen when the phone rang. She picked it up with irritation and said, “Hello!”
“I’m calling because your last article touched my heart. I’m sure your other readers also loved it.”
“Yes, I wrote it with my heart.”
Beth said, “I sense a change in you. You’re different.”
“I’m not different. I’m just in a good mood.”
“No, no. You are different. But why didn’t I think of it before? You must be in love.”
“No, I’m not.” Anya angrily pressed her fingers against her forehead where it had starting to throb. “Why on earth would you think that?”
“Yes, that’s it. I know you so well. Tell me what his name is.”
“I’m not in love,” Anya insisted.
“You can’t fool me,” Beth said. “That’s why you wrote that romantic story. Your heart is burning with love. Admit it.”
“No, I won’t.”
“I want you to tell me his name. Otherwise I’ll keep nagging you all day.”
“Oh, stop, Beth. You don’t know how much work I have. My head is going to explode. Please leave me alone.”
“The name.”
“No, no, and no!” This was followed by a long, desperate sigh. “You always call when I am completely overwhelmed with work.”
“His name?”
“Okay, fine. It’s true, I did meet someone.”
“I knew it.”
“He lives on a farm about two hours from here and I’m in the city. It won’t work out.”
“Don’t tell me you’re talking about your savior?”
Anya frowned. “Yes, it’s him.”
“Oh my God, how romantic. And what are you waiting for? Why aren’t you with him now?”
“Didn’t you hear me? He lives on a farm and I live in the city. I’m not going to move.”
“I can’t believe it. Didn’t anyone ever tell you that distance is no barrier to love? You have to call him right away.”
“I don’t even have his telephone number.”
“Then get it. And don’t wait too long. Life goes by so fast. You have to take your chances when they come.”
“Alright. I’ll tell you everything you want to know, but right now you have to leave me alone.”
“I won’t leave you alone until you promise to go visit him again.”
“Oh, come on.”
“Promise me.”
Anya gave in again. “Fine, I promise. Now let me finish what I’m working on.”
And then after three weeks, Anya at last set out for the farm again. If she resisted one more week, she would probably have become depressed. She had to see him.

*

Gregor jumped for joy when she appeared. His father, Boris Vojadinov, was also thrilled and served some cake. But after a half hour, he announced that his back hurt and he withdrew.
“Come again sometime soon,” he said, winking at her.
Anya smiled warmly, took a deep breath, and turned toward Gregor. Their walk passed as quickly as it did the first time.

*

In the coming five months, she visited him four times. The problems were all in Anya’s mind. When she was home, she missed him. When she went to visit him, she was overwhelmed with fears. He was too big and strong for her taste. Because of her unhappy encounter with Howard, her phobia about the opposite sex had only intensified.




Chapter 116
___________________



Lan was an excellent hospital director. Since he took over the leadership, conditions had improved. He hired a new cook who knew how to make excellent specialties and some patients even started to gain needed weight. He also changed the laundry services and the bedding was now crisp and clean. Because he was a sympathetic and pleasant interlocutor, he got the journalists on his side. He managed to convince them that the hospital had top specialists and even invited them to talk to some of the patients who were more than satisfied with the hospital’s services.
Katherine was always at his side. Whenever he was tired, she made him tea and a tasty sandwich. “Everything will turn out,” she encouraged him. “You’re a wonderful director and everyone likes you.”
At last, he realized that Katherine was the most unselfish and sincere woman he had ever known.
All the late nights at work began to take a toll. He was sitting exhausted in his armchair one evening and Katherine was massaging his shoulders. He felt a sudden and irresistible attraction. He rested his hand on hers.
They locked the office door and started to rip each other’s clothes off. Their lovemaking was wild and passionate.
And when everything was over, he said to her, “Incredible. I’ve never enjoyed it more. Why didn’t we do this before?”
She held him close. “I didn’t dare, Lan, but I enjoyed it too.”

*

From that time onward, they were inseparable. Four months later, Katherine noticed that her stomach was growing unnaturally large. Lan was thrilled when she told him she was pregnant. He asked her to marry him.
“Of course, I want to,” she said through tears of happiness. “I’ve always wanted to.”




Chapter 117
___________________



Since journalists had praised Anya to the skies, people stopped her on the street and talked to her. She was flattered the first few times it happened, but then it started to bother her. The only advantage to her fame was that the sales numbers at Clarice went up sharply. Now there was no worry that the magazine would go under. They worked harder than before because Pamela added several new and exciting sections.
Anya felt her worst in the evenings when she got home. Instead of being satisfied and happy because she had a good job and didn’t need to sell her apartment, she felt depressed. Thoughts of the past tormented her so much that even tears didn’t help. The thought that she would even touch a man defeated her and yet she was lonely. She didn’t relish the thought of being alone for the rest of her life.
Beth constantly pressured her. At lunch one day, she said, “I don’t know what’s with you recently. You’re always at home. I have a feeling that you’re not doing well.”
“I’m fine. Everything’s okay with me.”
“And how is your savior?”
“He’s not my type. I already told you that.”
Beth looked at her suspiciously. “There’s something going on. You can’t fool me. I’ve known you for too long. You like Gregor but you can’t forget Howard.”
“How can you say such a thing? Howard’s a murderer.”
“But all the same, you felt something with him, and now you can’t trust another man.”
Anya did not respond.
“I suggest you go and visit Gregor again. The poor guy probably doesn’t even know what to think.”

*

One morning Anya woke up with a terrible pain in her head. The night before she had drunk too much and sunk into a depression. She went to see Gregor the next day, after work.
They sat with their backs against a large elm tree at the edge of a field some distance from the farm. Anya kept taking deep breaths because she was wound as tight as a bowstring. She told him that she could no longer trust men and that what happened with Howard had left its consequences.
Gregor looked toward her and said, “I knew it. You don’t like me because I live on a farm.”
“No. That doesn’t have anything to do with it.”
“I don’t know. Ever since I saw you the first time, you touched my heart. I want you so much, but I sense that you are not attracted to me.”
“No, Gregor. There’s something else in my past.”
“What is it? What else is wrong?”
She looked into his sad eyes and wanted more than anything else to hold him. But instead she shook her head, saying, “I can’t tell you.”
“Why not? Please tell me what it is that prevents us from being together.”
She opened her mouth and clenched her fists. She didn’t have the strength to tell anybody else what had happened in her past. “I …”
“Tell me. Whatever it is. I deserve to know the truth even if I never see you again.”
“I’m sorry, but I can’t.”
“Please.”
And then she started to talk. Although it was hard for her to go through it again, she told him about the dreadful event that had happened to her when she was a little girl. Once again, tears ran down her face until she couldn’t even see what was in front of her. She talked and talked, sobbing all the while. She didn’t even realize that Gregor was holding her, that she was clasped against his strong, wide body, and that her head was resting against his chest.
And suddenly, as if a miracle happened, something changed in Anya. She became aware of his body and felt an incredible attraction to him. Her hands passed over his muscular arms. Rather than being afraid, she felt excited by them. She lifted her face and made her lips available to him. At first he gently kissed her, but before he knew it she had put her hand behind his neck and was passionately pulling him in closer. She barely knew herself what she was doing. Gregor could hardly take a breath because she wouldn’t let him go.
When she did, her lips formed a sweet smile. “I want you. If you promise to be gentle, you can make love to me.”
He looked at her seriously. “Right now? Don’t you want to think about it a little longer?”
“I don’t want to think about it. I’ve been thinking about it all my life and now I understand everything. And I find you very attractive. I want you. I really want you. Take me right away.”
Gregor gently kissed her forehead, her eyes, her lips. Then he took her by the hand and led her toward the forest. They stopped along the path several times and kissed.
“You have to promise me something,” he said.
“Anything.”
“If you don’t like it, you have to tell me, and I’ll stop right away. We can always do it later.”
She kissed him on the cheek. “Thank you. That means a lot to me.”
He led her to a nearby secluded area carpeted by grass and moss and, while embracing, they lay down together. Then they played love games that lasted nearly two and a half hours. He kissed every part of her body. Of course, there were a few difficulties. At first she shook like a reed in water and was covered with goose bumps. Gregor, after giving her a reassuring smile, keep kissing and caressing her. He bit her softly and danced with his tongue over her body until at last she started to relax and enjoy herself. For a while, the thick undergrowth scratched her back and troubled her, but later she wasn’t aware of it.
When she was begging for it with her eyes, he penetrated her. Little by little, gently and slowly.
“What are you doing, Gregor?” she sighed. “It feels so good.”
“I like it too.”
They rocked in a gentle rhythm.
“Oh, my love. Never stop.”
“I won’t. I promise.”
Anya marveled at what was happening to her.
“My love,” he murmured.
“Love me,” she replied.
They sailed along on their sensations. Only now and then was a growl or a sigh heard.
“Don’t leave me ….”
“I won’t. Ever.”
Their rocking was eternal. They submerged themselves in kisses and soft sighs. Anya felt that something in her was growing and she closed her eyes.
A storm rose inside of her. She held him tightly because it felt as if she would explode from the inside out. The repeated throbbing made her cry out loud. At first she was afraid, but then she realized that she was experiencing the most beautiful thing in life.
Then it happened to him too. She waited for him to grow calm and pulled him even closer. Anya hoped that the moment would never end.
She spent that night with Gregor in his bed, and was late for work the next day.




Chapter 118
___________________



Hunter looked over the spacious back lawn that extended all the way to the silver spruces, covering several thousand square feet. He took four steps forward and imagined the large pool that he would have built. The boys, Jim and Tom, who were happily somersaulting on the grass, interrupted his thoughts.
“Quiet, boys! You don’t want to get the neighbors angry right away, do you?” He smiled to himself, knowing they wouldn’t obey him.
He gave a wave of his hand. Let them play, poor things. A lot of tears had been cried in the last twelve months. Tom especially had been very close to his mother. Jim hadn’t cried as much, but Hunter knew that it had also been very hard on him. The loss of a mother leaves serious consequences on any small child. Because of them, Hunter had bought a new house some sixty miles away from Portland, in a suburb where businessmen and other wealthy people could afford to live.
Hunter was also grateful for the help of Miriam Holloway, who had a good understanding of children. She often stayed longer than arranged, saying that she had little to do at home anyway. Only in the last three weeks, when the two of them had stayed up late talking in the candlelight, had Hunter noticed that Miriam was a very attractive woman. A widow who had lost her husband four years before, she was about his age, with a slender build. He admired her light-green eyes and her natural brown curls that fell around her shoulders. She had a nice nose and small lips.
A woman would be good for me, Hunter thought. The children need a mother. He thought about Bertha and sighed deeply. Even though she had always grumbled and criticized him, he still missed her.
He stared back at the façade of the big house and observed Miriam, who was cleaning the windows. She waved to him. He returned her wave and smiled at her warmly. She’s such a good woman.
His mind traveled back to the courtroom, to the moment when he was named the heir of all of his wife’s assets. That included the psychiatric hospital, the seven-room apartment in which Patricia had lived, and the luxurious Jaguar. He was completely stunned. And when the judge told him that in addition he would receive nearly two million dollars in cash, and of course the house in which he had lived with Bertha, he thought he was dreaming.
Someone knocked on the window behind him. It was Miriam telling him that lunch was on the table. He waved to her and called the children.
When they didn’t respond, he called even louder. “Stop playing immediately! It’s lunchtime!”
Only then did they stop.
They really do need a mother, he thought again as he walked into the house, his arms around the boys. And Miriam is such a pleasant and hardworking woman.




Chapter 119
___________________



Susan Hastings was fed up with being depressed. Several times, she thought about getting professional help and once, when she was really drunk she actually picked up the telephone book and called the first name she found.
Dr. Watkins was a pleasant man of about forty years old, with a high forehead and thick glasses. For their first session, they talked for more than three hours. Susan told him her situation honestly, and Dr. Watkins concluded that she had been depressed for many years. He told her that her condition was serious but not tragic and urged her to come back two days later.
Three months passed and Susan Hastings was very much in love. She feared her love was not reciprocated.
In the fourth month, she gathered her courage and confessed her love to Dr. Watkins. Despite his reservations that arose from medical ethics, they met for dinner that same evening and ended up in Susan’s bedroom. Their happiness together lasted several years.




Chapter 120
___________________



Anya Horvat was deeply entranced by the painting on the wall. She was so deep in her own thoughts that she didn’t even hear when Pamela opened the door of her office.
“What are you thinking about?” Pamela asked her.
“Oh, nothing special. You know that I visited Stephen Dawkins yesterday? He was sentenced to fifteen years in prison for killing his wife. His story was extremely interesting.”
This wasn’t true, that she was thinking about the story, but it was easier than saying her mother had called and reported that her father was in jail. Anya was surprised at herself for taking the news so coolly. When Anya asked for the reason, her mother had refused to answer. Only after some ten minutes had passed and Anya had yelled into the phone did her mother tell the truth: her father had been charged with the sexual abuse of minors. He had attacked a ten-year-old boy.
“That’s quite surprising,” Anya’s boss said. “Our readers would love to hear that story. Can we meet for lunch?”
“Yes, of course. Call me in an hour.”
Anya thought about Pamela, who was no longer her boss but her friend and business partner. A year ago, when she put Howard Reagan behind bars, all the newspapers and magazines had written about her and made her famous. Since that time, the circulation of Clarice had risen until it was more than seventy times the original numbers. Pamela offered Anya a better salary, gave her a 20 percent share in the company, and the position of director. Pamela only visited the company now and then. She preferred to stay at home and write the love stories that regularly appeared on the back page. Anya redid her office in her own taste and was planning the move of the magazine into a new and more luxurious space.
At six in the evening, Anya turned off her computer and said goodbye to her co-workers. She was happy to finally be going home. She thought about her mother and wondered if she had known about her father’s tendencies. In the elevator, her hands went up to her eyes to catch the tears.
Then she lowered her hands. I must forget the past. I must live for the present and the future. My father can go to hell!
In the garage, she sat in the elegant BMW that she had recently bought. I’ve worked hard, she thought. At the least, I deserve a good car.
She drove toward her home. That morning, the real estate agent had called Anya and told her she had found a nice couple. After doing some research, Anya had decided to rent out her apartment. She sent Gregor a message that she would spend the last night at home because she had to get up early the next day. He understood and said he would miss her.
Returning to her apartment, she could no longer imagine living there. She had become so accustomed to being with Gregor the last few months that she could hardly envision another life. She had been driving directly from work to the farm, where she slept. Life surrounded by nature filled her with energy and, at the same time, she didn’t have to sacrifice life in the city and her career.
It’s so empty now, she thought, looking at the closets and shelves. Her eyes lingered on some dust on one of the shelves. Almost automatically, she went to get a cleaning rag.
No! she said to herself. I won’t clean! I’m still too obsessed with cleaning.
The cleaning lady she had hired had been there only two days ago, so there was no reason for Anya to start wiping and scrubbing again.
She remembered the conversation she had had with Dr. Katherine Fogg. “With great effort, you can get over this insidious need for cleaning. We both know where it comes from. You feel dirty because of what happened to you in the past. It would be best if you hired a cleaning lady and you completely stopped cleaning.”
Anya sat on the couch, feeling bored. She didn’t know how to live without Gregor anymore.
The agent rang the bell after a half hour and introduced the couple, who were enthusiastic about the apartment. They discussed the amount of the rent and when they could move in. When they left, Anya felt it odd that strange people would be using the furniture that had been hers all these years. But, on the other hand, she realized that it was senseless to keep the apartment empty and not rent it out.
She realized also that this would be the last night that she would sleep in her own bedroom.
The doorbell rang again. Oh, the agent probably forgot something.
She opened the door and saw who was waiting in the hall for her. She tried to slam it shut but it was too late.
“You didn’t think you’d be able to get away just like that?” A strong hand grabbed her neck and pushed her into the room.
She barely managed to scream, “No, Howard, please, no!”




Chapter 121
___________________



Special agent Pickens and his wife were packing the car to go on a short trip with their children. He was putting the bag of food and blankets in the trunk of the car. The children were misbehaving.
“Yes,” he said, answering his ringing cell phone. “Who escaped? Oh my God! No! Come pick me up right away.”
His wife gave him an irritated look. “What happened now?”
“Something terrible. Howard Reagan escaped. You know, the one who killed four people and was put into a mental institution. What the hell? How did he manage to get away?”
“But John,” his wife said, “you promised the kids.”
“I can’t. This is an emergency.” He apologized to the boys and waited for a patrol car to pick him up.

*

“Where should we look for him?” Pickens asked angrily. “Who knows where he would go?” Then he remembered Anya Horvat. “Quickly! We have to notify that journalist. Call her immediately.”
In less than five minutes they had the number of her cell phone. The endless ringing infuriated Pickens all the more. “Damn! Why doesn’t she answer her phone?”
One of the patrolmen said, “Boss, we got the number of Gregor Vojadinov, the guy who caught Howard. He’s waiting on the line.”
Pickens grabbed the phone. “Do you know were Anya Horvat is? We keep calling her but she doesn’t pick up her phone.”
“Why?” Gregor asked. “She should be at home, in her apartment. Is something wrong?”
Pickens sighed deeply. “Don’t panic, but we’ve been informed that Howard Reagan has escaped from the psychiatric institution where he was being held.”
“Oh, no!” Gregor said. “Send a patrol car to Anya’s apartment. You have to help her!” He told them the address.




Chapter 122
___________________



What Gregor didn’t tell the police officers was that he himself was already on his way to her apartment. He couldn’t imagine sleeping without his arms around her and so he had decided to surprise her.
Now he raced like a hurricane toward the towers where she lived and ran up the stairs to the fourth floor. Gregor pushed the front door open with his powerful body.
Howard looked up. He had his hands round Anya’s throat. “What? You again? You country bumpkin!”
“I’ll show you country bumpkin! Let her go!”
And he lifted Howard up into the air and threw him onto the kitchen table. Gregor quickly looked at Anya and saw her move. He was determined that this drama would finally be over and he pounded Howard with his fists until the police arrived and pulled him off.




Chapter 123
___________________



They lay on the grass hugging each other and listening to the warbling birds. The late-afternoon sun moved over their faces. Two elegant horses grazed nearby.
Anya held Gregor even more tightly to her. She sighed deeply. “What peace,” she said. “Look at all those birds flying to the tree crowns.”
Gregor purred like a cat.
When she held his hands, she felt the scabs on his knuckles. She remembered the words of special agent John Pickens: “Your friend broke almost all the bones in Reagan’s body. They couldn’t help in the hospital. He died a couple of hours ago.” She knew that Gregor would have to answer for his actions in court, but she was also relieved that she would never have to see Howard again.
“You know what,” she said after a while. “We could get a dog. I’ve always wanted one.”
“We’ll get one, if you like.”
She gently stroked his cheeks. “You’re too nice to me. You always spoil me.”
“What can I do? I can’t say no to you.” He kissed her forehead and then her lips.
For a while only the whinnying of the horses could be heard.
Then Gregor asked her, “What’s Slovenia like?”
Anya sighed quietly. Her heart was filled with a sudden pain. “Slovenia is the most beautiful country in the world. It has high mountains and other stunning natural treasures. You should see the Soča River that flows—”
“Don’t you think it’s time for you to pay a visit to your home? You could take a week of vacation.”
A long silence followed.
“Why not?” she said suddenly. “The main thing is I won’t have to see him. And if you go with me, it will be easier.”
“I’d love to see Slovenia.”
“Great. Then I will take a week of vacation.”
Again she looked at the setting sun and reflected. A faint smile played at the corners of her mouth.
“You know what?” he said after a while.
“What?”
“I love you.”
She lifted herself up on her elbows. “I love you too.”
“Do you love me enough to marry me?”
Her eyes opened wide. “I thought you’d never ask. Of course I love you more than enough. I can’t wait to be your wife.”
They embraced so tightly it took her breath away.
“Now I’m going to cry from happiness.”
“And I’ll kiss away your tears.”
“Then I’ll never stop crying.”
The sun touched the horizon. An orchestra of cicadas sang their soft melody.
All of a sudden, Anya looked toward her horse, Gray, who had mounted the mare. “My goodness, they’re going to do it right here?”
Gregor smiled. “Oh, let them do it.”
She pointed toward the fiery setting sun. “Do you see that little clump of bushes?”
“Yes.”
“We could hide there. I mean I have this terrible desire ….”
“What?” He sat up. “But we’ve already done it twice today.”
“And?” Her eyes were playful. “We could do it really quickly.”
“If those two can, why not us?” Gregor said.
“I hope you won’t take me for some kind of a wild girl. I just need to make up for lost time.”
“You can keep on making excuses.”
Hand in hand, they walked toward the setting sun.




* * * * *




About the Author

Ian Fox was born in Slovenia (EU), and has also lived in the U.S.A., France, and Germany. He is fluent in English, French, and German. Because of his extensive international experience, his books are set in the U.S.A. or Europe. Ian’s books have enjoyed great success in Europe. He has published three crime novels that have sold very well and been ranked among the top 100 most borrowed library books in Slovenia. He is currently working on two new novels. Enthusiastic readers write to him, saying they can’t put his books down and read them in a few days. Individual libraries have ranked his works among the top ten, sometimes even the top five most-borrowed books.




Connect with me online:

Website: http://ianfox.si/

Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/ianfoxwriter

Twitter: @IanFox2

My blog: http://howtopromoteebook.blogspot.com/




About other books:




Listen to the Silence – a 10-minute short story



Elderly Gordon Oregon has not been feeling his best recently. Nausea and vomiting are sapping his energy, and it is getting worse every day. The news that his son and daughter-in-law have died in a car accident is a great shock to him. But then his condition starts to improve. ...




Fatal Mistress – a 10-minute short story



Gary Nelson has problems with his father-in-law, the CEO and majority holder of the Trionid Corporation, who likes to make life difficult for Gary, the finance director of the same company. His father-in-law’s sudden violent death puts Gary in the CEO’s shoes. But now that Gary has everything a person could possibly want, he gets bored. Recently he has even felt that someone is following him. Finally, he realizes how to spice up his daily life. ...




Only the Strongest Survive



The novel opens with a hair-tingling scene, as two men kidnap Emely Donnovan, one of the wealthiest women in America, and bury her alive. What is behind this horrific crime?
Raised in a strict religious institution, Emely never knew her parents. Fearing a life of poverty, she starts up a small business that deals mainly with buying and selling stocks. Thanks to her extreme dedication and knowledge, the company grows over time into a major conglomerate. In her desire for ever greater financial security, this beautiful, ambitious CEO has accumulated a number of enemies.
But now she finds herself locked in the basement of a remote house in the middle of a forest, watched over by one of her captors who makes her buy and sell stocks for him so he can get rich. Her challenge to survive becomes even more complicated when Emely’s captor falls in love with her. …




Promise Me Eternity



Dr. Simon Patterson is a successful and well-respected neurosurgeon at Central Hospital in the town of Seattle. Married, though without children, he keeps himself so busy that one day is not much different than another. Until, that is, he saves the life of the powerful mobster Carlo Vucci.
At a dinner in honor of Dr. Patterson, Carlo Vucci introduces him to his alluring wife Christine. Simon is entranced by her beauty.
Three weeks later, Christine shows up at the hospital, complaining of terrible headaches. Dr. Patterson offers to help her, but Christine did not come to see him just because of her headaches. A series of shocking events follow that turn Dr. Patterson’s life into a nightmare. Among other things, he finds himself in court being accused of murder in the first degree. …
