THE PROMISED LAND

By

Jamaine Johnson

SMASHWORDS EDITION

* * * * *

PUBLISHED BY:

Jamaine Johnson on Smashwords

THE PROMISED LAND

Copyright 2013 by Jamaine Johnson

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author’s work.

* * * * *

This ebook is dedicated in loving memory of my friend Amy Leanne Barton. We all miss you.



THE PROMISED LAND


CHAPTER 1


Fannie Mae's Ice Cream Shoppe was furnished with six booths each one occupying a large window giving the ice cream lovers a fine view of main street. The booths flanking the left and the right of the entrance was preferred mostly by the older folks where they could enjoy their sundaes and banana splits and gossip about the goings-on around Paraloma and still be able to see who came into town, (and when they made it home they would call another good friend and say guess who came into town today?) and would strike up a new conversation with the passing of a new familiar face and on and on is the way that went.  The young folk and teenagers primarily took the back corner booths where the young girls would snuggle up with their boyfriends and share a milkshake or whatever their young minds desired. Business was slow during the weekday. On weekends many men and women would come to town with their sons, daughter’s or both and bring them over for an ice cream treat. The men preferred the stools directly in front of the counter where Mrs. Fannie Mae conducted her business.  She had owned the Ice Cream Shoppe for some time now. She was a soft-spoken brunette in her mid-forties and divorced with two kids. She had a nice two-story house up on the hill. Her husband, he was another story. Word was he had got in some trouble up in Little Rock and Mrs. Fannie Mae didn't want herself, nor her kids involved in the mess. It sure was a good thing too because one month after the divorce was settled Mr. Charles Rogers was found dead in his new house. Shot twice in the back of the head. It was a shame but life goes on.  There were two signs in the window of the Ice Cream Shoppe: OPEN and WHITES ONLY. Every colored kid in town knew what that sign meant regardless if they could read or not.  Russell Prewl was at the counter sitting on his favorite stool, he was thirty-five years of age, but he didn't look it. With fine blond hair, dark steely blue eyes, and a very handsome face. He was the type of man that could woo a woman just by smiling at them, young or old. It didn't matter. He didn't pay attention to most of the women around town. However, today there he sat on his favorite stool his eyes were riveted on a little girl in one of the booths close to the entrance. Such a pretty little girl. She couldn't be no more than twelve or thirteen years old. He could see she was wearing a pretty little summer dress, pink in color. Her hair was done up in two braided pony tails with two pink ribbons attached to their ends. He had saw her come in with a man, most likely her father. He didn't know him very well but had saw him around town a few times. He believed he was some kin to the Faulkner’s, but didn't know for sure. This was the first time he had known the man had a child. He had come in and bought her an ice cream soda. He'd asked Fannie Mae if she'd mind keeping an eye on his daughter while he went and had a word with Dale. He had left then walking in the direction of John Herrald's. Russell Prewl rose from his stool he looked around they were the only ones inside the store besides Mrs. Fannie Mae. He gave her a quick wink and a flashy smile and she returned a smile of her own turned and went through a narrow hallway leading to a restroom believing all was fine. Russell Prewl slid into the booth beside the little girl and said. 
“Hi my name is Russell, what’s yours?”
 The girl looked up from her ice cream soda with beautiful emerald eyes seemingly not surprised a complete stranger was sitting next to her .
“Hi my name is Ellen Rose.” She said with a shy smile. 
“How old are you?”
“Twelve.” 
“Do you live far from here?”
“No.” She shook her head. “My Mama and Papa bought a big new house by the church.” There was only one church in town except the nigger one, it was on the outskirts of town. Besides wouldn't no decent white folks live next to a niggers church. So that one didn't count. He knew exactly where she was talking about. 
“I hope to make some friends soon so I'll have someone to play with this summer.”
 Russell looked around. Mrs. Fannie Mae was still in the bathroom. They were still alone. This is how he chose his victims. He didn't want to scare her but he took advantage of what she had just said. He said the magic words. 
“I'll be your friend.”
She giggled at this. He could see her face turning a deep red. 
“You're too big.” She finally managed to choke out between giggles. 
“That may be so but I'm a lot of fun, we can be friends. It can be our little secret.” He said in a whisper. “I'll be your secret friend and you'll be special because you will have a friend that can do grown up things and not get in trouble. What'll you say cupcake?”
Ellen Rose liked the idea of him calling her "Cupcake.” Sometimes her Dad called her Mom names like that .She eagerly shook her head yes. 
"You'll like that.” Russell said.
 At that same instant Mr. Joseph Wilkins stepped into the Ice Cream Shoppe.
Joseph was a good man and many of his friends would tell you the same. He was one of those men that believed in taking care of his family and you could see in his eyes that he was a hard worker. Joseph smiled at Russell Prewl .He smiled back in return, more in relief than politeness, He knew he probably looked guilty as legion. He figured it would be wise to speak first so he did. 
“Good afternoon sir, would this happen to be your lovely daughter?” 
“Why yes it is Mr. er-?” 
“Prewl. Russell Prewl. I hope you don't mind me keeping your daughter company here while Mrs. Fannie Mae went to the john?”
“No, there's no problem at all.” Russell Prewl swept his hand through his hair. He had wanted to get the hell out of there as fast as his legs would enable him but he didn't want to seem as if he was in such a hurry. He didn't want to dash out so quickly that the man would become suspicious.  Joseph was a good man. Suspicions weren't on his mind at all. He saw a nice young man, concerned about a young girl sitting all alone in an Ice Cream Shoppe. Plain and simple. 
Russell swallowed. “I was on my way out when I saw your little girl sitting here all by herself. I figured she would be okay in here with Fannie Mae in the john and all but I didn't want to take any chances. There are some freaks out there if you catch my drift.” 
Joseph reckoned she would have been alright also but the man did have a point. Two young girls had vanished last month right here in town and they hadn't been heard from since. He held out his hand. “That was really thoughtful of you. I really appreciate it.” 
Russell waved him off. “It was nothing.” He said with a grin. Then with a more serious face. “You wouldn't happen to be Joseph Wilkins would you?”
“Yes, that's me.” 
“God you were a kid last time I saw you. It's been what twelve, thirteen years?”
“That’s about it, yes sir.”
“Your Pa making a small fortune from his printing press I bet. I read the Paraloma Tribune everyday. I'm sure he's happy his only son is back home.” 
Joseph’s eyes flickered over to the window, he could see two young black boys walking down the sidewalk by the post office, after a long pause Joseph said. “Sure.” 
Russell Prewl not wanting to overstay his welcome slid out of the booth. “Well you have a fine evening, it was nice meeting you, maybe I'll see you around sometime.”
“Sure, alright.” Joseph said. 
“It was a pleasure meeting you also Ms. Ellen Rose,” giving her a quick wink as she looked up at him. 
“Thank you” was all she could think of to say. 
At the door Russell waved at Fannie Mae who had finally returned to her counter. He smiled again, turned and stepped out of the Ice Cream Shoppe. 
Joseph found himself thinking about those two little girls that had disappeared last month. He'd picked up a Paraloma Tribune from a news stand about a month ago. On the front page in big block letters it had read: Black Sisters Missing! Further on down it read: May 14, 1960. A Mrs. Ann Marie Black reported her children missing yesterday afternoon. A Miss Mary Black and Miss Susan Black of Paraloma. When asked what happened Mrs. Black told the officials here she was waiting in line at the towns post office she was having a package delivered to some kin in Alabama. She said that her daughters had been in her sight until she had started speaking with the clerk about the proper shipping arrangements and cost for her package. She had only been speaking with him a moment when she noticed her daughters weren't in the post office anymore. Assuming they had wandered outside to wait on her she exchanged a few more casual words with the clerk then she had exited the post office believing her daughter’s to be out front but they were not. They were gone she had ran down main street calling their names, there hadn't been a response. They had vanished. Sheriff Bates has come to the conclusion that the girls have been kidnapped. It’s very unlikely the girls have run off. As of right now the police force do not have any leads or evidence. The father had passed away years back so he was not in the picture at all. There did not seem to be any type of struggle. Many volunteers have already begun searching since last night. Sheriff Bates comment was we'll search every crevice and corner of this town until those girls have been recovered. It had been a month since those girls had been missing. They had still not been found. It was a terrible thing that had happened and had shocked the small town. Nothing like that had ever happened in the promised land before as far back as the old timers could remember. Yes, some of the black kids had went missing before but never any of the white’s. 
With his daughter’s hand in his Joseph made his way over to the General Store. “
“I thought we were going to John Herrald's?” Ellen Rose asked her Pa. 
“No ma'am, I've already spoken with him and now we're going to have a word with an old friend of mine.” They entered the General Store, the aroma of fresh produce filled their noses. Ellen Rose noticed an old white man standing behind a counter with a large cash register on one side. She also noticed all the candy the jars were holding on the opposite side. The man was predominately bald on the crown of his head. There were wispy curls of white on the sides of his head that met around back. He had clear blue eyes and wore some workers overalls. He met Joseph eyes and a bright smile came to his face. Joseph walked over to the counter, Ellen Rose following behind him. 
“Well if it ain't Joseph Wilkins all grown up. You happy to be back in the promised land?” 
“Yes sir I am. I see much haven't changed since I've been gone.” Joseph felt a slight tug on his shirt. 
“What is The Promised Land Pa?” Ellen Rose asked looking up at her father. 
“Well look e here!” The old man said smiling down at Ellen Rose. “Isn't she as cute as rhubarb pie?”
If the old man had had more hair and a beard Ellen Rose would of thought he'd looked like Santa Claus, and what was rhubarb pie anyway? 
“Yes, she is quite beautiful just like her mother Joseph announced with pride.” 
“So how is the wife? Fine I hope.” 
“Fine and dandy.” Joseph said. 
The old man caught Ellen Rose's eyes peering at the candy in the jars. “Well yes of course!” exclaimed the old man suddenly. “All kids love candy. What’s your name?” 
“Ellen Rose.” 
“Well I’m known as Papa Bill around these parts. Now come on and pick you one out.” 
She hesitated at first, then looked up at her father. 
“Go ahead.” He said with a smile and a nod. The jars were full of Twizzlers, Lemon Heads, Fireballs, Sugar Daddies, Tootsie Rolls, Chic-O-Sticks and Peanut Patties. There were even a few she had never heard of. The choices were endless. While she pondered her choices Joseph commenced a conversation with Papa Bill. Ellen Rose was so intrigued in the delicate candies that she almost didn't hear the little bell jingle above the door as the two black boys came walking in. They seemed to be in a deeply classified but not well disputed conversation. They entered into the store not paying any attention to where they were walking and almost ran into a lady on her way out with a sack full of groceries in her arms. The lady screamed something like damn young’uns. Ellen Rose had to muffle her laughter. The boys continued walking never missing a stride and walked on into the back where she couldn't see them anymore. Where she had grown up there hadn't been any black people around. She eased away from the counter trying to catch another glimpse of the two boys in back when Papa Bill said. 
“So which one will it be?” 
She quickly turned back to the counter and examined the jars again. She liked the jaw breakers they were big and almost filled her entire mouth, plus they lasted for a long time. The Tootsie Rolls were good too. She had a habit of biting the Jaw Breakers before they were soft enough and it would hurt her teeth. A Tootsie Roll she finally piped up in a small voice pointing at the selected jar. About this time James Dean and Rufus were approaching the counter. They had got the beans Rufus mother had sent them to the General Store to get, actually neither one knew if they had the right ones. They were still in discussion when they had come to a halt right behind Ellen Rose and Joseph. 
“I'm telling you, she told me to get some kidney beans.” Rufus said. 
“You sure she didn't say Pinto beans?” James Dean asked. 
“Stop asking me before I can't really remember which one she said to get in the first place!” Rufus said annoyingly. 
“I think she said pinto beans. What ya'll having for dinner?”
Rufus answered but James Dean never heard what he said. There was a girl standing in front of him. A white girl. She had red hair. It was long and went down past her shoulders. She was reaching up toward the counter to get a Tootsie Roll from Papa Bill. He could see little freckles on her arms. They were almost the same dark red as her hair. The man kept on talking to Papa Bill her father James Dean assumed. Rufus was saying something about chicken and cornbread when the girl turned around and looked directly at James Dean and turned back around so quick it didn't seem like she had even moved at all. He did notice one thing though. She was the prettiest girl he had ever seen. With big green eyes and a small pair of pink lips and little freckles that were carelessly scattered over her porcelain face which made her look even more beautiful. Papa Bill and the man finished up their conversation and the man and the little red-haired girl walked out of the General Store hand in hand. James Dean had hoped she would turn around and look at him again but she hadn't. While James Dean stared out the door in a daze it wasn’t her father's hand she was holding, it was his and they would walk through the entire town so everyone could see them. Papa Bill brought him back to reality. 
“Say boy, why you grinning such?” 
James Dean’s eyes focused on Papa Bills. “I didn't know I was sir.” 
“Well you was and you must have been thinking about something.” 
“No sir, I wasn't thinking nothing.” 
Rufus had already paid for the beans. Papa Bill retrieved two Butterfingers from a jar and placed them on the counter. James Dean was about to reach up and get them but Papa Bill hadn't taken his hand away yet. 
James Dean met Papa Bills gaze for the second time. Papa Bill rolled his tongue around in his mouth. The choppers he was feeling he knew weren't his at all. He was getting along in years now but he still remembered what it felt like to be a kid. He'd seen the girl look at the Polite boy. He'd also seen the expression on her face after too. Quick as a cobra she was. 
“Watch yourself son.” 
Rufus clutching the beans. James Dean clutching Butterfingers they fled the General Store. Rufus looked over at his best friend as they walked toward home. 
“What was that about?” 
James Dean still had an image of the girl in his mind. He'd never seen a girl as pretty as she was. He'd never experienced anything like he was experiencing now. He'd never felt like this toward anyone before. Rufus looked over at his best friend again. He seemed to be in deep thought. 
“Hey James Dean you see that white girl look at me?” 
“What you talking about man?” 
“That white girl with the funny red hair, you see her looking at me?” 
“Nawl you got that wrong.” James Dean said.
“What! What girl want to look at you? Especially a white girl!” They both had to laugh at that. 
“Okay.” James Dean said. “Maybe she was looking at both of us.” 
“Yeah, both of us.” But Rufus knew the truth. 
The other side of Paraloma was only a couple of miles outside of town. Rufus and James Dean both lived on this side. There was mostly black people that lived on this side let alone a few white folks. The Creek ran straight down the middle of the two parts of Paraloma. Rufus and James Dean crossing the bridge they could see The Creek making its continuing flowing cycle until it eventually poured out into the Saline River. After making it to Rufus house they broke off. Rufus silently praying he had the right beans as he walked up the dirt pathway to his house. James Dean on the other hand quickly made his way two houses down to his house on the left. It was somewhat bigger than the rest of the houses on this side of Paraloma and it always made James Dean feel a little uneasy when his friends would come over. When the front yard came into view he could see his mother sitting in a wooden rocking chair on the front porch shelling peas. She was humming a song. The closer he got the more familiar it sounded. It was one of the hymns they sometimes sung at church. It went like this:
 We'll break bread together on our knees on our knees.
 Lord, Lord we'll break bread together on our knees.
When he steeped onto the porch she looked up from her pea-shelling with a small grin. “Where ya'll boys been off to?” 
“Rufus and I've been playing down by The Creek.” 
“Is that right?” 
“Yes ma'am. We also went to town to get something for Mrs. Ellis.” 
Phyllis nodded her head in return. “Ya'll didn't get too hot out there did ya? Cause I done told ya'll to come up out of that sun if ya'll got hot.” 
“No Mama, we made sure to stay in the shade.” 
“Well ya'll better make sure and mind me you here?” 
“Yes ma'am.” 
“Now bring me that other bag of peas over here.”
James Dean dragged the bag over beside his Mama and picked up the now empty paper bag on her other side. 
“Now fold that bag up nice and neat, cause there ain't no telling when I'll need another one.” He did as his mother told him and carried the brown paper bag into the house. He knew exactly where to put it because she kept a hundred of them in the pantry all folded inside of one big paper bag. After putting the bags up he went out the back door and made his way over to the barn. It was a nice-sized barn one of the nicest ones in Paraloma actually, along with a hay loft that required a ladder to get to it. Previously the barn had never been painted. That was until last summer James Dean had taken some of his birthday money down to John Herrald's and had purchased a couple of buckets of red paint and a brush. His father had been coming from the pasture when he had noticed his son had taken a brush to the barn. The first thought that had run through John Deans mind was where did he get some paint? Not, why he was painting the barn. It so happened that many of the folks in town (that were able to afford it) were beginning to paint their houses. Also many farmers were painting their barns a brilliant shade of red. The barn was a refuge for James Dean. Whenever he wanted to read, play or just daydream about the things that little twelve year old boys daydreamed about. This was the ideal place. He looked up in the hayloft. There wasn't much hay in the born now but in early August he and his Dad would go out in the hayfield on the tractor and the first thing they would do is cut the hay. Then after cutting they'd rake it up in fine rows. This is when the bailers job would come in.  We would hook it up to the tractor early in the morning and go out and bail the hay into nice forty-five pound squares. Lastly his Dad would hire a few of his friends and they would go out in his old pickup with the long-bed trailer attached and would haul the hay to the barn. During hay season he would have a lot of fun. He was too small to actually throw a forty-five pound bale of hay onto the trailer so on their first load he would drag as many bales as he could to complete the first stack. After that he would watch the men stack the bales six-high sometimes even seven. What he was good at was not letting any stray bales fall loose from the top of the trailer. While his dad maneuvered the pickup through the bumpy ride from the hayfield to the barn. Once there he would enjoy in pushing the bales from the top while his Dad's friends stacked them in the barn. Then they would go for another load. Those days were a special time in his life and in his mind he just knew these everlasting days would never end. The loud motor of a Ford tractor echoed from the pasture and he knew dinner was certainly close.
The following day was a hot one. The sun was blazing like a hot coal. James Dean was outside on the porch when Rufus finally showed up. 
“What took you so long?” 
“Well somebody got me in trouble. Told me to get the wrong beans.” 
“The wrong beans? You got in trouble for getting the wrong beans?” 
“No, I got in trouble because you told me to get the wrong beans.” Rufus almost yelled. 
James Dean broke into a grin now, he knew his best friend really wasn't mad. 
“Hey man I was just trying to help, you know that. Besides all black folks eat pinto beans don't they?” 
“That’s got nothing to do with it, son. My mama said get some kidney beans. Come high water, come Jesus we should've come back with some damn kidney beans.” 
“Whoever heard of some kidney beans in the first place?” James Dean asked.
“I don't know. I ain't ever heard of  them but we should’ve come back with some. You know how my Mama is.” 
Rufus stood up on the porch and turned his lips down into a frown. He threw an imaginary bag of beans into James Dean’s lap. 
“What is this? He asked with one hand on his hip and the opposite hip cocked out to the side. Rufus looked and sounded just like his mama. It took James Dean quite an effort not to burst out laughing. He looked down at his lap in bewilderment. Rufus raised one eyebrow. 
“Don't make me ask you no more.” 
“They the beans you told me to go fetch at the store, yes'um.” 
“Boy!” Rufus said now one hand still on his hip. The other now stabbing a finger at James Dean. “Don't make me snatch a knot out of yo ass. Didn't I tell you to get some kidney beans son.” James Dean couldn't help but giggle this time. He had seen Mrs. Ellis in action before and no one could dish out threats better than she could. 
“I'm sorry Mama.” James Dean yelled between giggles. “I don't even know what kidney beans is!” Becoming so tickled he started slapping his knee and Rufus collapsed in a heap on the porch stairs beside his best friend and they rolled in laughter. 
“Hey.” James Dean said after a while. “Can your mama really snatch a knot out of someone’s ass?” 
Rufus looked over with a mild grin. “She's whooped my rear pretty good before that I thought something was coming out of there.” 
“Well I just hope my mama doesn't learn how to do it.” 
Even though it was already hot it seemed to get even hotter as the friends walked down the dirt road. The Creek was a great spot for all the kids to play but was also dangerous in a way. No one had ever gotten hurt, or drowned since they'd been going down there but once James Dean’s father had told him that one of his friends had disappeared down there. His friend had went swimming by himself and was never heard from again. They had searched for him in the Creek but had come up empty-handed. The Creek was positioned in a small thicket of woods not too far from the black school house. After walking about five minutes they took a small path on the left that appeared to have been created by cows, deer’s or some other similar animal long ago. Hardly taking a glance at the tracks James Dean said. 
“Somebody cows done got loose. Hope they aren't ours.” 
“No I hope they aren’t ours.” Rufus said aimlessly maneuvering through cow patty cakes. “Me and my Pa were out chasing cows until sundown the other day. A few of our heifers got loose after that little storm that came through here last weekend. Blew some old rotted out trees down over the fence line over by the swamp. That’s where they crossed over. Old Sheila was running them. They'll follow her anywhere. I'm just glad the bull didn't get loose.”
James Dean bobbed his head understandingly. There were pine cones and pine needles littering the forest floor around them. Rufus picked up one of the clovers of pine needles, he tore a single green pine needle from the rest and stuck it into the corner of his mouth. James Dean on the other hand had selected a single brown pine needle over to his left that had been there since Autumn or perhaps the Autumn before it. He stuck it into the corner of his mouth and they resumed walking for another five minutes, when James Dean said without warning. 
“This son of a gun taste like barbecue!” 
Rufus didn't quite believe him. He told him so. 
“No it don't.” 
“Uh-huh yes it do.” 
Rufus looked over but James Dean kept on walking and kept his eyes pointed forward. Rufus chewed on his needle a little bit. He made a face from the bitter taste. He wanted to spit but didn't dare. He wanted to say his tasted a little like Spearmint gum but something in his head told him that it was a lie. Instead he said. 
“Let me see.” 
“Let you see what?” A smile. 
“Let me taste it.” 
“Taste you own.” A big grin. 
“Crap man, you said yours taste like barbecue, let me see.” 
They had come to a clearing now. The path had ended and the boys now walked on soft green grass. They could hear the familiar tinkle of the current as it lazily pushed the water down the creek. The dirt road was behind them, so were the adults and the brown pine needles that Rufus so achingly wanted to taste. Why hadn't he ever tasted one of the brown ones? They came down here quite often and they always picked up pine needles and shoved them into the corner of their mouths. Rufus always green James Dean always brown. In reality the first time they had ever put one to their lips they had been pretending to smoke cigarettes. It had been two years since that day. They had been mimicking the older kids that pretended they were smoking too. Some would even go to the extinct of rolling up grass into notebook paper and actually lighting up. The following day they had forgotten all about smoking and nonetheless fell into the routine of having a pine needle hanging from their lips when they visited The Creek. Rufus always green. James Dean always brown. As a kid you rarely thought ahead. Didn't really care what was ahead because you knew tomorrow would come. Just knew you would always be a kid and all you wanted to do was play, play, and play some more. Let them drop an atomic bomb, as long as it wasn't in Paraloma, Arkansas. 
“You ready to cool off?” James Dean asked. He had taken off his shirt and now he balled it up and targeted Rufus head with it. Come on, lets go. They ran down toward The Creek shedding the rest of their clothes as they went.

CHAPTER 2


Ellen Rose wasn't what they expected. Gorgeous. Yes. Charming. Yes. But intelligent, nice and respectful. No. With her beautiful big green eyes and lovely red hair, her rich parents, and grandparents for that matter. They didn't want to meet her. They didn't want to have a thing to do with this Ellen Rose Wilkins. With no doubt she was stuck up and rich. Wore dresses of satin and slept in silk pajamas in her silken sheets. It just made Anna Bell sick to her stomach. Just picturing all the things this other girl could have at the grasp of her hands, maybe with a tantrum or two, but oh no, no tantrums for her. She probably got everything she asked for and more. Probably had every single Betsy Wetsy doll ever made. Maybe even a few customized so she could be the only little girl in the world with one. Okay maybe Anna Bell was being a little too optimistic. Maybe even a little jealous. She had seen her share of spoiled girls with rich parents that bought them almost anything they wanted. Anna Bell was only thirteen years old but she knew how to spot a spoiled kid. After meeting Ellen Rose for the first time she told herself she'd never judge a book by its cover again. It was a Thursday morning that Anna Bell and her younger sister Abby Gail were forced over to the Wilkins residence. They lived right across the street so they couldn't help but see the big two-story house. Much bigger than theirs, much prettier. Maybe she would just kick this Ellen Rose, make her cry. Yeah, she knew that it wasn't a nice thing to do but it would make her feel better. The Wilkins had a great big manicured front lawn. A shiny new Ford was parked under a shade tree on the right side of the driveway. Carol Wilkins was out on the porch taking a much needed rest after having the washing and cleaning done. She'd hoped to go out and get some fresh air. Perhaps a cool breeze, but she'd gotten neither. It was a very hot and humid day. The wind wasn't stirring at all and she'd picked up an old Paraloma Tribune folded it in half and began fanning herself with it. She'd only been sitting down a few moments in one of the rockers when she saw two little girls and a lady come walking over into the yard.  Carol saw they were a nice looking bunch and from the look of the girls they were about the same age as her little Ellen Rose. She knew that would make her happy to know she had two playmates right across the street. As they neared the porch the lady put up a timid wave. 
“Hello, my name is Betsy Owens and these two here are my daughters Anna Bell and Abby Gail.”
Both girls dished out the respectful repeated line how do you do ma'am. 
“Fine indeed I am dears.” Said Carol. 
“We thought we would come over and welcome you all to Paraloma even though it's been a couple days. I thought it only polite to let you get settled in a bit first.” Betsy proclaimed. 
“Well I'm quite touched by you and your daughters taking the time to welcome us. I'm sure we will all become good friends. Speaking of friends I'm sure my daughter would like to meet the two of you.” Carol said smiling. “Please do come in, follow me.” 
Anna Bell and Abby Gail both looked at each other at the same exact moment. This was it. They were going to take this Ellen Rose down. Carol lead them through a long hallway. They eventually came to a grand room that was surely the living area. 
“Everyone please have a seat. Refreshments anyone? I'm sure you two would like some iced lemonade?” 
Anna Bell and Abby Gail eagerly shook their heads yes. Carol was still preparing the drinks when Ellen Rose came bounding down the stairs. She actually came bounding down the stairs, unaware of her visitors. Upon seeing them she stopped in her tracks. Almost falling with the effort. The strangers in her living room had given her a fright. She didn't know if she should run, or scream for help. Then she recognized the two girls with the big grins on their faces. She had seen them playing across the street yesterday. She had been too shy to go over and talk to them, now here they were. If only she'd known what they were thinking. If only she'd known why they were grinning that way. 
Slip! Fall! Yes! Anna Bell thought mischievously rubbing her hands together. Fall on that pretty face of yours but she was as graceful as beautiful and she immediately caught her balance on the last step. For a second they all stared at each other and only Carol coming in with the tray of lemonade broke the silence. 
“I'll have to go up and fetch Ellen Rose, she's probably…” 
That’s when Carol saw her on the staircase. She gave a big smile to her guest and said. Ellen Rose this is Mrs. Betty and her two daughters Anna Bell and Abby Gail. They're our new next door neighbors. While the adults stayed inside and talked about grown up things even hitting on the subject of the Black girls that had disappeared last month. Ellen Rose with a jump rope and her new friends went out into the front yard. It didn't take long for the sisters to realize Ellen Rose was a nice girl. They all took turns jumping rope and counted to see who could do the most jumps without messing up. Ellen Rose could have done more but she gave out on fifty. Anna Bell saw what she was doing and gave out on forty. Abby Gail being the smallest felt outdone by Ellen Rose, she had done more jumps than her sister and she was counting on her to show this Ellen Rose who was boss in Paraloma even though she hadn't caused them any trouble at all, yet. At least she was sharing her jump rope with them. Maybe she wouldn't have to kick this Ellen Rose after all. Her sister handed her the jump rope. 
“Show Ellen Rose who's the best jumper around here.” Anna Bell said. 
The remark brought a smile to Abby Gail’s face and she started jumping. Her golden hair gleamed in the sunshine as she pushed herself in an effort to jump and swing the rope down over her feet before they touched the ground again. She was relieved when she got to twenty, and surprised when she got to forty. A big grin came across her face when she got to fifty and she could feel a giggle coming along by sixty. Ellen Rose was clapping her small hands together and Anna Bell was cheering her on. She stopped at seventy, her golden hair in her eyes now and her face turning red. She dropped the rope and they all laughed together. Ellen Rose almost to tears, she wiped her eyes and saw a boy about their age looking over the wooden fence from next door. He was merrily just looking at the girls. Abby Gail and Anna Bell didn't seem to notice him until Ellen Rose pointed over and said. “Who's that?” 
The girls looked over and said. “Oh, that’s just Jimmy. Hey Jimmy, come on over and meet our new friend!” Ana Bell yelled.
He looks perplexed for a second then he disappears. The girls see a board coming loose from the gate. It swings upward as the boy steps through the opening just as easy as day and the board falls back into place making the fence not look out of the ordinary again. Ellen Rose has never seen this trick done.
“Wow!” She exclaims. “Did ya'll see that?” Apparently they have seen this spectacular trick done before because they don't look as stunned as her.
Jimmy is dressed in dark trousers and shirt. He promptly joins them and asks. “Who is she?” 
“This is our new friend Ellen Rose from Louisiana.”
Ellen Rose shyly says hello and Jimmy replies with hi. Ellen Rose looks over behind her house and asks if anyone knows where the trail leads to that’s there. She had seen it on her first day there but didn't dare go into the woods for fear of getting lost. 
“Oh, that trail leads to The Creek.” 
“The Creek?” 
“Yeah that’s where some of my friends and I go to play and swim.” Jimmy said. 
“Can you show me how to get there?” Ellen Rose asked. 
“Sure. Just follow me, it’s not that far.” Jimmy said shrugging his shoulders. 
Jimmy and Ellen Rose started walking towards the backyard when they realized Anna Bell and Abby Gail were still standing by the apple tree. 
“Aren't ya'll coming?” Ellen Rose asked looking back. 
“I don't know if we should.” Anna Bell said. “I've heard some mighty awful things about that Creek. I don't know if ya'll should go down there either.”
“That’s that nonsense house-woman talk. I've been down there myself a hundred times. There ain't no ghosts or anything down there. I would've done seen them. I go down there and swim all the time.” Jimmy said. 
“I don't know…” Anna Bell started. 
“Well ya'll don't have to go.” Jimmy stated. 
Ellen Rose didn't want to leave her new friends. Next time they met they'd probably kick her. Before she could say let’s forget about it. 
Anna Bell said. “Okay but if anything happens to us it will be up to you to protect us.” 
With that they were all agreed. Abby Gail didn't have to voice her opinion. She would follow her sister anywhere.
Upon entering the woods Jimmy told them to stay on the trail and they would be fine. Jimmy was in lead, Ellen Rose behind him, Anna Bell behind her and Abby Gail taking up the rear. The pine needles were what caught your eye. The forest was full of life. Birds were chirping and swooping through the brush. Squirrels were scaling trees. There were two colorful butterflies seeming to play follow the leader as they lazily flapped through the air. There were various other insects and critters hiding in the woods that they couldn't see but they cold hear the sounds around them. The woods weren't very thick which enabled them to see the clear blue sky above. They had been walking on the trail for a few minutes when all of a sudden Jimmy stopped. 
“Hey ya'll want to see something?” He whispered looking over his shoulder at the girls. Their eyes were as large as tangerines. From fear or excitement he couldn't tell. He showed them the armadillo lounging in the shade first putting a finger to his lips, letting them know to keep quiet. Seemingly from nowhere he produced a sling shot. The girls eyes as big as tangerines increased to cantaloupes. 
“Don't hurt it.” Ellen Rose whispered, lightly touching his arm. 
“I'm not going to hurt him but I'll show ya'll something neat.” With a grin on his face Jimmy produced a small rock from one of his trouser pockets and set it. He pulled the band set his sights, and let loose. What happened next passed in a matter of seconds. The rock connected with the armadillos tough scales. Frightening the armadillo at least into a three-foot vertical leap. The girls began screaming and ran off down the trail as if the armadillo was chasing after them but it only scattered off in the opposite direction under some bushes. 
“Come back!” Jimmy yelled, but they kept running and screaming like the Black Gorilla Monster was after them.

CHAPTER 3

James Dean heard them first. The current was gently pushing The Creeks water down into the Saline River. The gentle lapping of the waters passing was inviting to the ears. The boys had finally begun to cool off in the refreshing water when the screams rang over the hills into The Creek bed. James Dean had stood up and cocked his head to the left. 
“What’s wrong with you son?” 
“Hush!” James Dean commanded putting a pruney finger to his lips. “I heard something.” 
“I don't know.” Rufus said in a hushed voice cleaning out his ears at the same time. 
James Dean was about to sit back down when the screams seemed to explode over the hills frightening Rufus into a panic. He bolted up out of The Creek, nothing on his mind but going the other direction when he realized James Dean was headed toward the screams. Damn, he said to his self. James Dean the brave. There was nothing he could do except turn around and join his friend and meet whatever horrible death God had forecasted for them. The girls had left Jimmy behind and were only screaming now like mad fools to amuse themselves. It never crossed their minds that if anyone was near enough to hear them or that if there were any ghost or spooks around their screams would have led them right towards them. They were out of the woods now and were standing on the crest of a hill. They had stopped screaming and were only giggling now. The girls were all facing back toward the trail waiting for Jimmy to emerge. 
“I've never seen anything like it!” Ellen Rose exclaimed aimlessly brushing her hair out of her eyes. “I never knew armadillos could jump so high. That Jimmy Carver I'm gonna give him a well tongue lashing serves him right I will.” Anna Bell fumed tightening her fists. 
By this time Jimmy had come trotting up the path with a grin on his face. “What's wrong with ya'll running off like that? It was only an armadillo.” 
“I almost peed on myself I was so scared. Don't you ever do anything like that again. Or I'll... I'll... bop you on the head.” 
While they had been talking they didn't hear the boy approaching from behind. 
“Hey what's going on here?”
Ellen Rose was the first to turn around and see him. He looked so young but so much older. Especially in his voice. His shorts were dripping wet, his brown skin shone bronze in the sunlight. There was a moment of silence that seemed to stretch on for a long period of time. 
“Hey what are you doing down here?” Jimmy asked. 
“Rufus and I were down in The Creek. What's going on here you messing with these girls?” James Dean asked trying not to stare at the red-headed girl. 
“No, these are my friends, Abby Gail and Anna Bell and this here is Ellen Rose, she's from Louisiana.”
“Hi.” James Dean said.
“Hello.” The girls said in return.
“I was just showing Ellen Rose here where The Creek was, she just moved into that big house next door to me. They think there’s ghost down here.” 
“No we don't!” Anna Bell said in a furry approaching Jimmy. He only skidded to the side and hid behind James Dean. “I'm gonna bop him.” She said.
“He deserves it.” James Dean said with a smile.
“I only said that we'd heard stories about The Creek. I didn't say that they were true.” 
“Don't worry Anna Bell, I've never seen any monsters at The Creek.” James Dean said. 
“Hey James Dean, I thought you said Rufus was with you?” Jimmy asked. 
That's when the real screams started. This can't be happening James Dean thought as he ran back towards The Creek, hadn't Rufus been right behind him? What will I do if he's hurt? Why did I leave him? (I thought he was right behind me.) He put those thoughts aside by the time he had ran down the hill turned left at The Big Oak Tree. The Creek had come into view because he could see someone laying on the ground. He didn't know who it was but thank goodness there kneeled Rufus in front of the person laying on the ground. James Dean skidded to a halt beside his best friend. He looked him over and saw that he was unhurt. Laying there before them turned out to be a young girl. She looked to be about their age, maybe a little older. Her light brown eyes were wide open. She was wet all over. She trembled but didn't say a word. 
“What happened Rufus?” James Dean asked. 
He seemed at a loss of words at first. “I saved her.” he started. Seeming unsure of himself. “She was in The Creek, I think she was trying to drown herself.” 
Jimmy, who had ran after James Dean now knelt down beside Rufus. “Ya'll messing with this girl here?” 
“This is for real.” James Dean said looking over at his other friend. “Rufus said she tried to drown herself.” 
“What happened?” Jimmy asked. 
“I thought I was seeing things but she was real. When the screams started and you took off, James Dean I was right behind you but a body floating down The Creek caught my eye. Man I thought she was dead. She was just floating along like a cork. Then just like that.” Rufus said snapping his fingers together. “She went down like a snapping turtle or something had gotten a hold of her. I was scared I'm telling you. I was right on the edge of the bank trying to spot her you know when she came by. I waited and waited. I figured I'd waited long enough that’s when I started yelling for you. I didn't know what else to do.” Rufus shoulders slumped an inch or two. A look of shame came over his face. “I forgot all about the screams. I didn't know if you were in trouble or not. I was stuck. I couldn't make up my mind. Something told me to go get you. I never felt so funny in my life. Not as in laughing funny, but... it... was like I couldn't move. I couldn't control my body. It was strange.” Looking down at the girl he regained some composure. A smile lit up his face. “I didn't leave and I'm glad.” He added. “Looking into the water there she was. Right in front of me. I lunged into the water and pulled her out just like that. That's all there is to it. She was coughing and spitting up a little water but she'd stopped by time ya'll got here.” 
The boys looked over their shoulders and saw Abby Gail, Anna Bell and Ellen Rose. They were standing a few yards away huddled together beside some bushes. They looked scared out of their wits.
“Who the.. what the…” Rufus stuttered comically. 
“Just a minute.” Said James Dean. “Lets get her over in the sun.”
“That’s okay.” The girl said surprising the boys. She stood up and wrung the water out of her two long braids. She looked over at the girls. “Are all of ya'll friends?” 
Ellen Rose came forward. “Yes, we're all friends.” She said looking around at everyone. “What's your name?”
“Lily.” 
“Well Lily my name is Ellen Rose. I'm new in town and I hoped to make some new friends.” Lily shook her head. “No one has ever wanted to be my friend. You won't want me to be your friend.” she said pitifully.
“Sure we will. Right guys?” Everyone agreed while Rufus looked on dumbfounded. “We'll make a pact.” Ellen Rose said.
“A pact?” Lily looked confused.
“A pact is an agreement more like a promise.” James Dean said. “I learned that word in the newspaper.” 
This earned a big smile from Ellen Rose and from that day on James Dean did everything he could think of to make her smile. It was that beautiful. 
“Yes, so we'll make a pact then that we'll be friends forever.” Ellen Rose said. 
“Forever is a long time.” Lily said.

CHAPTER 4

The Big Oak Tree was no less than one hundred years old. It was special to James Dean and Jimmy and held a special place in a small clearing. It stood in between two paths. The one going left lead to the creek bed. On the right the path lead to the wooden bridge when crossed took you to the other side of Paraloma. The kids had gathered around the tree. Abby Gail, Anna Bell and Ellen Rose were standing with their backs towards the tree hands clasped in front of them. Jimmy and Lilly had seated themselves on some thick roots protruding from the ground. Rufus had tugged James Dean a little distance away. 
“What the hell is going on here? Who is all them white girls? And ain't that the one we saw at Papa Bills.” He declared pointing. 
“Yeah it is son, now stop pointing at her.” James Dean whispered pulling down his arm. “Dang! Ain't got no respect.” 
He usually wouldn't have said anything to Rufus but he didn't want to scare the girl off. He really wanted to be her friend. 
“Hey just cool down.” James Dean advised. “Look here. I was introduced to these girls. They're Jimmy friends so its just as well they’re our friends too.” 
Rufus was extremely uneasy. He didn't mind being friends with a white boy, but three white girls and one had red hair, how ridiculous was that?
“You know if my folks find out about this I'll never see the light of day again.”
“Don't worry.” James Dean said. “They won't find out and even if they do you…”
“I don't want to hear it!” Rufus interrupted. “Your folks don't care I know, but mine they hate white people! They went crazy when they found out we'd been playing with Jimmy. The only way I can safely play with Jimmy is when we're all together. My parents wouldn't stop me from seeing my best friend which is you, but three white girls! Are you hearing me?” 
“Yeah, yeah. Its just that I got this weird feeling when I saw all of them up on the hill. Weird, but good you know. Then when I heard you screaming like a girl.” They both smile and laugh. “Serious though, when I came running and knelt down beside you and saw Lily, whatever I had been feeling on the hill was stronger. Just looking at her made me feel good, and not just because she's pretty.”
Rufus looked stunned. “You think she's pretty?”
“Yeah, don't you?” James Dean asked.
“Oh, yeah she's alright.”
“Alright?”
“Yeah, alright.” Rufus said forcefully. “Come on man just introduce me and we can talk about everything else later.”
“Bout time!” Jimmy raved as James Dean and Rufus approached the Big Oak Tree. “I don't know why ya'll are whispering like some little girls. What was ya'll talking about over there anyway?”
“Nothing.” said James Dean.
After everyone had introduced themselves they tallied around for a bit. Ellen Rose reminded Jimmy that they better get back before her mother started worrying where she was. They promised to meet up in the bottoms the following day. After they left it was only James Dean, Rufus, and Lily. She wanted them to walk her home. James Dean was dieing to ask her if it were true. Had she been trying to kill herself. Instead he asked, 
“Where do you live?” 
“Graves Chapel.” She told them as they walked back toward Road 243. Graves Chapel was a small town right on the outskirts of Paraloma with a measly population of around 30 people. This was one of those towns you could easily miss if you blinked an eye. Lily told them she lived in a big brown house with no sisters, no brothers. Only her father and Uncle Wily. Her pet dog Cowboy was the only friend she had out there to keep her company. He wasn't very brave but was a cute and friendly dog. She'd found him when he was a puppy on the side of the road right in front of the driveway. He'd been inside of a black trash bag along with his brothers and sisters. He'd been the only one to survive. He had sustained an injury to his left hind leg. It hadn't been completely broken but it never healed correctly. Cowboy always limped a little when he ran. She was sure some bastard had put all the puppies in the trash bag and while driving chucked them out the window. It wouldn't be the first time and it sure wouldn't be the last. Graves Chapel was known for its stray wild dogs and that’s one good reason James Dean and Rufus never ventured that way. The town was only about a mile from James Dean's house. Lily also told them her mother had died two years ago. They told her they were sorry to hear about her loss like they had been taught to do, but Lily kept right on talking as if she hadn't heard them at all. 
“That's when things started to get bad.” She said. “I'd lost my Mom, really my best friend. I was really sad at first. Of course my Mom was dead but then I had to begin doing everything my mom used to do. The cooking, the cleaning, the washing, taking care of the garden and the small animals. We have a lot of chickens. Yes I used to help my mom with all of the chores, but now that I was doing them alone it made me really see my mom was gone. That she was never coming back. My daddy said she's in Heaven but I don't believe it.”
“Why not?” Rufus asked.
“Don't ya'll feel like that's just what grown-ups say to make us kids feel better. They've been telling the lie so long even they believe it now.” 
James Dean and Rufus didn't comment. They were brought up in a Methodist Church and they taught your loved ones went to Heaven after they passed away. (Never to Hell.) 
“I've been reading the Bible since my mom died. It seems a lot of things our preacher preached wasn't right. It wasn't what the Bible said anyway. I'm sorry.” Lily said. “I shouldn't be telling ya'll all of my problems. I see none of ya'll have anything to worry about. I bet ya'll family treat you good and they love you.”
“Why were you in the creek Lily were you really trying to drown yourself?” James Dean asked.
They were back on Road 243 now. James Dean could see his house in the distance. Lily abruptly stopped. They were on side of the road in the ditch and the boys had to stop and turn around to look at her. 
“It's something you wouldn't understand.” 
“Just tell us what it is and we can help you.”
“Really? Ya'll are not scared of nothing and now I have ya'll as my friends. That's why I'm happy now. That's why now I want to live okay, so don't worry about me.”
“You won't try nothing like that again will you?” Rufus asked.
“No.” 
“Promise?” The boys demanded.
“Okay, I promise.” She huffed but smiled nonetheless. 
Rufus and James Dean in turn pointed out their house to Lily as they continued walking down Road 243. There was hardly any houses if none at all after they passed J.D. Parkers pasture. There weren't any markers or signs welcoming you to Graves Chapel. In an instant you were just there. 
They passed the African American Church of Christ. Half a mile later they passed a small business called The Bait Shop. They sold a variety of goods but was known for its many different fishing baits, plus they sold gasoline. There was an ad in the front window showing a bottle of sparkling Pepsi-Cola and a pretty, smiling black lady with a pencil stuck in her hair above her left ear. The ad proclaimed: WHY TAKE LESS... WHEN PEPSI'S BEST!
They walked for about another half a mile with nothing but trees on either side of the road when Lily stopped again. 
“Thank ya'll. I guess this is far enough.”
“Okay, but where is your house?” Rufus asked.
Just then they could hear  a dog begin to bark in the woods somewhere.
“It's right up that dirt road.” Lily said pointing on their left. Barely visible they could see it winding into the trees. “That's Cowboy.” Lily said as the barking got louder. “He knows someone is with me, he usually never barks at all. I gotta get going. I'll see ya'll tomorrow okay?”
“Okay.” The boys said.
With that Lily started down the dirt road and she seemed to vanish right before James Dean and Rufus eyes.
When Joseph Wilkins arrived home he could see Ellen Rose playing with some kids out by the apple tree. When he came walking up the drive he waved at them. They waved back and resumed playing whatever game they were playing. He was pondering his job choices. His Dad wanted him to come work for him at the Paraloma Tribune, but he had been offered a top paying job at Best Bank. It was an important job. He didn't have any room for error, and it was a well deserved job change. He'd been working construction in Louisiana and even though the jobs paid decent wages they had been dangerous. For instance, once he'd worked with a guy named Dustin. He was young and had a pretty wife. An adorable little girl and another kid on the way. They'd been in Baton Rouge working on a building. One day Dustin tripped over an air pressure cord, hitting the ground head first. Put him into a coma. He stayed that way for six months, might have been longer if his wife hadn't demanded the hospital to end his life. He hadn't heard from the boys family since. 
There had been other accidents. One man had actually died right in front of him. Fell many stories onto a Bulldozer. He didn't know what his family would do without him. He didn't even want to think about it.
After Carol had introduced Joseph to Mrs. Owens and had talked a little bit about things around town. Mrs. Owens rose to leave.
“I really must be going, though I have enjoyed your hospitality and your lemonade. I'm quite sure you could teach Fannie Mae a thing or another.”
Carol didn't know Mrs. Fannie Mae so she only smiled sweetly and said thank you. 
“Feel free to come by anytime, you and your girls.” Joseph added.
“Thank you.” Mrs. Owens said again. She exited the front door and called to her girls. “Anna Bell! Abby Gail! Come on we have to go meet your father at the church.”
Joseph and Carol watched as Mrs. Owens ushered her children across the street.
“She sure is a nice lady.” Carol said. 
Joseph nodded his approval. “I think we're going to be happy we came back.” 
“I think so too.” Carol said gazing adoringly at her husband and daughter. “Don't ya'll stay out too long. Dinner will be ready in about an hour.”
“Okay love.” Joseph said as Carol walked back inside to prepare dinner. Joseph looked around at his yard, his new house, the new car in the driveway and he felt very happy. He sat down in the rocker remembering when he'd just been a young man. He eighteen and Carol seventeen. They'd gotten married and had left Paraloma with no more than one suitcase with both of their belongings and about sixty dollars. His mother had been the most upset. She had even went as far as calling Carol and her family white trash.  He'd been so mad he hadn't talked to his mother an entire year. He'd known Carol since she was ten years old and everyone had picked on her and her brothers and sisters. Carol had never talked to him very much, but Joseph would walk home with her everyday because half of her siblings worked during the day and her younger siblings either left school early or didn't come at all. So a lot of the teasing was thrown at Carol. She was so beautiful, or at least Joseph thought so. He knew it took Carol a little while to register he liked her. She'd been afraid, and why not? People had been trying to hurt her, her entire life. A poor pale girl like her that lived on the black side of Paraloma associating with a boy that lived on the other side of Paraloma, and not only that his folks were rich. Joseph could basically see the thoughts tumbling inside her head. Her Sunday clothes didn't look as good as his play clothes. She had to share a room, a bed and blanket with three of her sisters and various other items. Her mother had worked as a caretaker but it was nearly impossible to take care of seven kids by herself. She'd been doing her best since her husband had died on a crab boat. John, Carol's father hadn't been able to see his youngest daughter wedding but he had known little Joseph had taken a liking to his daughter. Especially when he had started showing up at their house everyday. This is when they had first become friends and Joseph's mother had been oblivious of the fact. She wouldn't find out until two years later Carol was his girlfriend. He had skipped school to attend John’s funeral with Carol. Of course Joseph's mother had found out he was there and had scolded him dearly. When he told her Carol was his girlfriend she had went ballistic. That dirty little red-headed girl! She had screamed. Have you lost your mind? Our kind don't associate with their kind. It was something he didn't understand at the time and still didn't understand today. His mother's ranting and raving had went on for some time. Even so Joseph and Carol had gotten married in 1947 and had left Paraloma for destinations unknown. The first night they had stopped in a bustling city called Texarkana. It was right in the middle of the Arkansas and Texas borders. They didn't have any certain destination at the time but knew they wanted to stay down south. So Joseph had gotten on highway 82 South and drove until he got to a town called Salem. They stayed there for a couple of weeks until they found out all the good jobs were in New Orleans. That’s where Ellen Rose had been born. For the first year he had worked at a fish market. Then he had found the construction job. That had lasted six years until he became an accountant for two years then they had moved back to Paraloma and he was offered the job at Best Bank. He and his family had come a long way. He thanked God every single day.
“Papa are you alright?” Ellen Rose asks. 
Joseph seems to shake himself, then yawns. “Yes baby, Daddy's alright. I must have been dozing, sorry honey.”
“Its okay Daddy.” She said looking up seriously. She sat down in the rocker beside her Papa. “I think I'll like it here. I've made a lot of friends already.”
Joseph smiled as he remembered the two little girls from across the street and the little boy from next door. “You sound surprised. I told you that you would make a lot of friends..
“I just hope they really like me.” 
“Trust me Elle, just be yourself and you won't have any problems. Besides who wouldn't like you? You're an angel.”
“You're my Papa, you're supposed to say I'm an angel!”
“Well it's true.” Joseph said 
Ellen Rose smiles up at her Papa. “Papa what is The Promised Land?”
“The Promised Land,” Joseph gestured with his hand toward the front yard. “This here is The Promised Land.”
“Our house?”
“No not just our house Elle. All of Paraloma.”
“But why?”
The sun has just set and Joseph is looking up at the first stars to appear out to the east. It's a beautiful sight. He just smiles to himself because he's remembering something a man told him a long time ago. It just is Elle, it always has been and always will be. And with that they watched the sky darken into night. The sky was clear and brilliant and the stars shone so elegantly bright. They seemed so close Ellen Rose fathomed she could just reach up and grab one. They stayed out late that night, and never even spoke another word after the sun had went down, but unlike the city the country has that effect on you. Only Mrs. Wilkins call broke their trance and they went in to wash up for dinner.
Russell Prewl lay fully clothed on top of his bed, his hands folded neatly over his chest. He looked like a peaceful man, just taking a catnap, a sane man. There’s nothing out of the ordinary in this picture, nothing disturbing. Even in this dimly lit room the fact that this man is laying in bed fully dressed doesn't seem out of the ordinary but wait, there's a smile on his lips. A queer smile. A smile of brightened delight. The room is dimly lit with nothing more than an old candlestick. The blinds are open. If you looked you could see the sun fast setting over the horizon. Russell Prewl closes his eyes and remembers... The ice cream had been good. That’s all that he had wanted but he had gotten a double treat. He was driving from Mrs. Fannie Mae's. The roads had been unusually deserted. As he passed the post office he saw three people. Ann Marie Wells and her two youngest daughters, Mary and Susan. He slowed down and they waved at him as he passed. He was going to keep going, but he turned into an alley behind the post office. He doesn't know why but he gets out of his car. The girls come out of the post office and skip down the stone steps. He comes a little ways out of the alley, hoping, more like wishing the girls will come out alone, he looks and there they are. The girls see him, they smile and wave again. Instead of waving back he beckons to them. They hesitate at first. Then walks over to the alley hand in hand. Things start to go really quickly from this point. He remembers telling them nicely he has something they would like in his car if only they would just come over and see. They refused. He remembered getting very angry and he ran toward the girls. He hit one of them very hard in the head. The other one screamed. He turned to her and kicked her in the chest as hard as he could. CRACK! He grabs both of them and throw them into his car while they're unconscious and drives back home. It's nothing more than a picture show to Russell Prewl. He slowly rises from his bed. That is all it is to him now anyway. A picture show that is becoming old. Still good, but old. He looks around the room as if taking in every object, as if he's remembering something, but he only shrugs his shoulders and walks out of the room. All he's thinking of now is a new picture show. Never ever seen before by anyone. He smiles his approval. He opens the bathroom door, grabs a towel, drops his pants and begins wiping up the semen running down his left leg.

CHAPTER 5

When James Dean woke up Saturday morning it seemed even before he could open his eyes to see or even move he could smell the sweet smell of country sausage popping in a pan full of grease all the way downstairs. He hurried up to wash up and threw on some old pants and a grey shirt. He devoured his breakfast quickly but politely when his mother stole glances his way. He finished up and dashed out the front door. His Mama yelling after him to be careful. He cleared the porch steps without touching one. Turned the corner and ran head along into someone. The someone said. 
“Ouch! Watch where you're going.” 
“It's my yard.” James Dean said picking himself up off the ground.. It took him a second or two to register the two long dark braids. The beautiful light brown eyes peering out from a young smooth cocoa brown face. She smiled.
“We were just coming to get you.” Lily said.
“We?”
“Yes me and Rufus. He told me to wait here and ran off back there somewhere.” She indicated towards the rear of the house. They both walked around towards the back. They found Rufus throwing pebbles at James Dean window. It was a funny sight watching him throwing pebbles but James Dean Mama would kill them both if she found out.
“What you doing!”
In mid-throw Rufus whirled around looking badly frightened. Once he saw it was James Dean he relaxed a little and demanded, “where have you been?”
“At home where else.”
“Well when you didn't answer I thought…” he trailed off.
“Why didn't you just come through the door like you always do?” James Dean asked.
“Because I had her with me.” Rufus said pointing nastily toward Lily.
“What's the difference, you still could have told her to wait here and came and got me through the front door. Stupid!” Rufus appears to consider this. “If my Mama heard you throwing rocks on top of the house both of our asses is grass.” Rufus shakes his head in disgust.
“I'm sorry, all this is my fault.” Lily said.
“No it's not, don't even worry about it.” James Dean assured her. You're one of the gang now. You're welcome at my house just like everyone else. All of my friends are.”
It was summer time, actually it was the beginning of summer, and during this summer in 1960 seven kids lives would be changed forever. As the three kids aimlessly walked down Road 243 (what the old timers called Buckeye) they found themselves headed toward the bottoms. They weren't even near the cut off yet up by the school but they knew exactly where they were going. Their bonds of friendship were already growing strong. Maybe a little bit too fast for Rufus.
“You running me off the path!” Rufus screamed in frustration. There was a well worn path as old as Moses you could say on the side of the road that Rufus and James Dean always stuck to so they wouldn't get ran over on the dirt roads. Lily was in between them but was walking considerably closer to Rufus. Occasionally brushing his arm. The more he inched away from her it seemed she inched back towards him twice as much. Rufus had noticed about half a mile back but he hadn't said anything. 
“What are you trying to do get me ran over? Dang!” He was in the road now and just then a truck came around the corner and he quickly descended back onto the path, putting his head down as the dust from the dirt road flew in the air as the truck passed them.
“Sorry, I didn't mean anything by it. I just like you.”
Now my Mama said she ain't never seen no black man blush. Now I tell you I would have proved her wrong right then and there. That’s nothing I would really ever try to do, that is if I didn't want any teeth knocked out of my head, but all the same Rufus was blushing.
Seeing the stunned reaction on Rufus face Lily hastily followed up with, “I like both of you.” turning toward James Dean now. “For letting me tag along you know. For being my friend.” 
Rufus was still burning up.
“Yeah, no problem Lily.” James Dean said. “Come on, let's get going. I want to see if Jimmy has made it down to the bottoms.” Well yes he wanted to know if Jimmy was there, but really he was only thinking about Ellen Rose and if she would be there also. He couldn't wait to see her again. He had spent at least two hours last night trying to get to sleep, but he couldn't stop thinking about her. How he had saw her for the first time. How she had taken a sneaky look at them at Papa Bills. Then how they had met in the bottoms yesterday. What did the church folks call that? Fate? Destiny? Some funny word like that but what wasn't funny about it was that it could be true. They were almost to the cut off.”
Lily wasn't walking so close to Rufus now. There was a hurt look on her face. Rufus was examining his fingernails. He knew if he looked at Lily again he would break down. He would hold her hand if that's what she wanted. It would take all his strength and courage just to do it.
“Hey, where ya'll young'uns headed to?” 
It was Clive Dallas. He was an old man of about seventy years. His house ( about as old as he was) sat right next to Paraloma Methodist Church. Cataracts had gravely afflicted his eyesight around five years ago, he didn't go out anymore. He was still a happy man with a good pair of ears. He would smile and wave at anyone that he heard pass. He and his Mama always went over Mr. Dallas place after church to have a few words, and read anything if anything needed reading. That was James Dean job. Augustine always had a foil wrapped plate to give to Clive right before they left. There was always a little of everything on the plate that she had prepared for lunch that Sunday. Lots of times the main dish would be fried chicken, rice and corn, with a slice of sweet corn bread. Maybe some neck bones and green beans with some sweet potatoes, and you can't forget about the dessert. Last week had been fried fish, mustard greens, hot water cornbread and strawberry cake.
“Ya'll mind giving an old man a hand?” Clive couldn't quite see who he was talking to from his porch but he could see the figures were black and they resembled the build of young kids.
“Sure Mr. Dallas.” said James Dean.
Lily looks over at him surprised. “You know him?”
“Yeah, come on.”
They crossed the street and climbed the wooden stairs. Some had cracks in them. Mr. Dallas was in a rocking chair. There was a sofa on the porch also. Lily thought it weird he had a sofa outside but Mr. Dallas loved the outdoors and he got plenty of company. He was indeed an old black man. Wrinkles lined his forehead, however he still had a head full of hair. It was grey though. There was a bottle of gin sitting on the floor next to him.
“Well I'll be, if it ain't young James Dean.” Mr. Dallas said. “How ya mama doing boy?”
“Fine sir, just fine.”
“That's good, that's good. I guess I'll be seeing ya'll up this way Sunday?”
“Yes sir.” 
Mr. Dallas nodded his head then paused as a gust of wind blew hard enough to disturb some dust in his front yard. It whirled around for a few seconds forming a small tornado. It whirled then disappeared as fast as it had come. 
“How would ya'll like to earn a quarter a piece? “Mr. Dallas said suddenly. 
The kids were all ears now. “Yes sir!”
Mr. Dallas rose from his rocking chair, knees and back popping. “Follow me.” He said. He led the kids down the porch steps, making sure to be careful on his way down. He didn't want to fall in front of these young'uns and embarrass himself. He hitched up his britches as they walked around side of his house. No matter that he wore a belt, no matter he wore suspenders too. His pants just didn't want to seem to stay up anymore. They passed the old stone well in his back yard.
“James Dean get me those two white buckets over there.” Mr. Dallas said pointing toward an old shack, “and don't mind the bees.”
Don't mind the bees? James Dean could hear them buzzing as he approached.
“Hurry up boy! Those bees ain't studying you!” Mr. Dallas said.
So fearing the worst he eased lightly but quickly toward the shed. There were only three walls to the shack. Apparently that was the way it was intended to be constructed from what he could see. There was no hint of a fourth wall ever being there. It was like walking into the mouth of a cave. He couldn't see one bee but oh could he hear them. He was sure an entire drove of them would appear and sting him in the face. He quickened his pace. There was an old picnic table in the middle of the dirt floor shed. He could see odd varieties of tools hanging on one side of the shack wall. On the other wall he could see two saddles hanging on two large rusted nails. The saddles were clean, about the only clean things in there. They looked expensive too. There were some horse reins hanging beside the saddles also. Underneath them next to an old bag of feed were two buckets. He grabbed them and hurried back outside. Mr. Dallas was looking at him in an amused way.
“You lose your tail or what in there boy?”
“No sir, it just took me a few seconds to find them that's all.”
“Okay, well I got three plum trees over yonder. I was hoping ya'll could fill these buckets up.”
So Rufus, James Dean and Lily picked plums. They were ripe and plump. Some were so juicy they almost exploded if you squeezed them too hard. When they finished they walked back around front. Mr. Dallas was back in his rocking chair having a smoke. His gin had been replaced with Pepsi Cola.
“Just sit those buckets over there and grab a Pepsi out of that cooler there if you want one. He indicated with a wave of his hand.
They did. They sat on the sofa. James Dean easily popped the top of his Pepsi. Lily was looking at him as he took a satisfying gulp. He opened Lily's but Rufus stubbornly refused. They all sipped Cola. Rufus looked on angrily. He couldn't get his to open. They sat there for about a minute when James Dean asked.
“Why don't you get someone to exterminate those bees for you? I seen my daddy do it one time, I know how. All you need is some gas and some-”
“Exterminate!” Mr. Dallas cried. Chuckling to himself. “How does such a big word come out of a mouth so little?”
“I learned it in the papers. The Paraloma Tribune. Word power is what it's called. There's a list of five words every week.”
“Is that right? Well I haven't been in that shed for a long time.” Mr. Dallas said. I keep those buckets right in front so I can see'em whenever I need'em. They've been out there those bees for a few years now. Mayhap longer, I don't know. Besides I don't worry about it. I don't need to go out in that shed anyway.” 
“Why not?” James Dean asked.
Mr. Dallas pretended not to hear him. “Well I guess ya'll be wanting to be on ya'll way. Kids ain't made to be sitting around with an old man like myself, no sir-re.” He dug in his pocket and pulled out three shiny coins. “Here you are.” Mr. Dallas put three shiny quarters in three small black hands. “Now don't spend it all in one place. I want to thank ya'll for helping an old man out.”
“You're welcome.” They said.
“Ya'll be careful now.”
They left Mr. Dallas house in a run. They cut off on the small path by the school. They stopped long enough to pick up pine needles. James Dean brown. Rufus green. They stuck them in the corner of their mouths. Lily, watching all along looked at them in an odd way.
“Hey, this is just something we do. Don't look at us like that.” Rufus explained.
“I didn't say anything.” She said. She stooped down, picked up a pine needle and stuck it in the corner of her mouth. Rufus saw that it was green.
While James Dean, Rufus and Lily were still making their way toward the bottoms Jimmy kept his head down. He knew he was close to The Big Oak Tree, but he might as well been lost. He was in a bad situation. There were two men out there with guns. They hadn't seen him yet because he'd been belly crawling for the last ten minutes. Now he was sheltered by an old dead tree trunk that had finally fallen over after being struck by lightning. He's a little scared. He'd be a fool if he weren't but this was something he could handle.
SNAP!
Holy crap! There was one at twelve o'clock. He had stepped on a twig and was looking around cautiously. He's going to walk right by me! He's going to see me! Jimmy thought.
SNAP! 
Damn there it goes again. At his three o'clock is the other man. He's stopped dead in his tracks. He looks at his partner and says something to him. Jimmy can't understand them. They sound foreign, maybe Indian, or Chinese... Jesus Christ! Japanese! Japs here in Paraloma. Oh, they've picked the wrong place and the wrong guy Jimmy thinks. He looks to his left and by the goodness of God there lays a good ole American boys M-16 rifle. He scrambles for it still on his elbows and knees. He checks the cartridge. It's fully loaded. He lights up a Marlboro and readies himself.
“For my country.” He mutters to himself. In a blur he's risen and jumps over the dead tree. They don't see him at first. Jimmy thinks he's screaming but he hasn't uttered a sound. Not until he pulls the trigger does the screams force their way from his mouth as the bullets are forced out of the barrel of his American boys M-16 rifle. A couple of bullets drill into the mouth of the first Jap. Jimmy sees blood and flesh fly away from his face, but what his eyes really focus on are the teeth. Five white teeth seem to slowly fly to the left. Five more to the right. What remains fall straight down in front of him. There's blood flowing out of his mouth in rapid succession. The other Jap whips around briefly seeing his comrade dead but still falling towards the ground. Jimmy is in a clearing now and sees the other Jap bring up the muzzle of his gun to meet him but he's already dead in Jimmy sights. He pulls the trigger again. Hot lead spits from his American boys M-16 rifle. Jimmy is screaming and now he can really feel the recoil hitting his shoulder as he pours it all on. Ten bullets or more have ripped through this guys chest, yet he's still pulling up the muzzle of his gun! 
Damn it! Jimmy, faster than Pecos Bill, faster than lightning, aims for the second Japs head and lets off three quick bursts. His shots are successful but it doesn't matter. The second Jap is now aiming at him and gives him a taste of his own medicine.
“Anna Bell you cheating! I shot you a million times, you're supposed to be dead!”
Anna Bell smirks then points her stick back at him. “Bang! Bang! It's just a game Jimmy so don't get mad.”
“I ain't mad.” Jimmy said with some irritation. He looks at Abby Gail as she gets up off the ground, brushing away leaves and dust off the back of her bottom. At least she plays right he thinks.
They had come to the bottoms about an hour ago. Jimmy usually came down alone. He enjoyed being out in the woods. Watching all the different types of animals. Sometimes he would go fishing but what he liked to do most was swim. That's where he had met James Dean. It had been last year. James Dean had been down in The Creek that day when Jimmy had come running by. He had saw him pass in a hurry. Jimmy didn't see him because he was running for his life. His pursuers didn't see James Dean either because they were focused on Jimmy's dust cloud that trailed behind him as he ran down the dirt path right along side of The Creek. Jimmy figured he could make it if he got past The Big Oak Tree and crossed the bridge to the other side of Paraloma. This was kind of a boundary for the white folks. They didn't go on the black side of town because they didn't have to. The blacks coming into the white side of town was not a problem. They were too ashamed to stay for long. That's why most black families only came into town once or so a week or sent their kids to pick up what they needed. So a white boy crossing that bridge was not common at all. Many had lost bets because they were afraid to do it. Maybe they thought the Black Gorilla Monster would get them. Jimmy passed the big oak tree that day and saw the bridge coming into view right before him. It was a simple bridge. Nothing spectacular. It was wide enough for two fat adults. It appeared to be able to withstand a ton maybe, but of course no one ever tested it. He went running across the bridge. Never thinking twice. Never knowing what would happen in the next minute or two. Jimmy had never been on this side of the bridge before. Looking over his shoulder he could see the two boys that had been chasing him stop dead in their tracks. There was no way in hell they would cross that bridge. As it turned out they didn't have to. Jimmy still running, still looking over his shoulder lost his footing and went sprawling to the ground. There was a yelp of surprise as the pup he'd been carrying leapt from his arms. It was a small pup. A mutt his dad would have called it. Only about five weeks old. The pup landed on its side crying out when it hit the ground. Jimmy was a little dazed from the fall, when he looked about himself, to his horror the pup was running back across the bridge, running the wrong way. The two boys on the other side were whistling and beckoning the pup over. The pup not understanding the danger, not even really paying attention to the other boys ran back across the bridge because it was frightened. By the time it looked up and saw the ugly faces of Curtis and Jonathan it was too late. The boy named Jonathan grabbed the pup as it tried to dodge around him. Jimmy screamed. “NOOO!”
The pup seemed to sense the danger now. The hands that held him now felt different. Nothing like the ones that had been holding him a few minutes ago. He liked that boy. He didn't like this one. He tried to break loose but he couldn't. Whining now, still struggling, instinct sank in and the pup bit down on Jonathan's hand.
“Shit!” He yelled, but he held on to the pup and before his eyes Jimmy watched Jonathan start to strangle his pup to death. Screaming, crying and swearing Jimmy ran back across the bridge. Curtis was there to meet him and socked him in the side of his face. It hurt like hell but seeing his pup, his eyes wide in shock, suffocating, dying before him filled him with rage. He struck back out at Curtis. He caught him in the cheek, then the eye. If Curtis hadn't been three years older than him and a hundred pounds heavier he might have fallen from those powerful blows, but he seemed energized and rushed at Jimmy with one eye clamped shut. Jimmy hit him again but it hardly hit solid. Curtis plowed into him and grabbed him in a bear hug. Jimmy tried to break loose but he had him good. He realized he couldn't breath. He was going to suffocate just like his pup. He looked over at it and saw it wasn't struggling anymore. There was a dull look in its eyes. Blood and what looked like tiny air bubbles was coming from the it's nostrils. Fresh tears burst from his eyes. In his sorrow it took him a second to register the fact he could breath again. From the ground he looked up just in time to see a black boy swinging a branch roughly the size of a 2x4. It struck Curtis on the left side of his head. Blood spurted from his nose and his eyes rolled up in his head. He hit the ground this time and didn't get up. There was a look in this boys eyes. A look he'd never seen before. Jimmy was still lying on the ground and scooted back a ways as James Dean walked past him. He was staring at Jonathan and carried his branch like it was a part of his body. It looked more like an ax to Jonathan, but he had a reputation to keep. He was going to kick this nigger's ass. 
“Oh you shole done messed up now, then gone and hit my cousin. I'm going to have to kick your ass now!” 
James Dean stopped about ten yards from him and threw down his branch. James Dean was seething. He hadn't known any of those white boys, but he'd followed them when they came running by The Creek. Something just hadn't felt right. He hadn't wanted them to see him and was curious as to why they were there. He'd never seen them before down in the bottoms so he had followed them. He hadn’t taken the path, he went around through the woods and had come around on the side of them right beside the bridge. By the time he had arrived Jimmy was already in Curtis bear hug and he'd already assumed the two big boys were picking on the smaller one. He grabbed a heavy branch, there were plenty. There was no being quite as he ran from the bushes with his branch. Curtis had dropped the little guy and as he turned around James Dean hit him as hard as he could. Then looking over at the other boy first there was shock, then anger. He had his hand cinched tight around a puppy's neck. What he was seeing wasn't right. He looked at the smaller boy on the ground. Tears covered his face. James Dean knew he wasn't crying because he was hurt, he had just watched his puppy being killed right in front of him. James Dean didn't know any of them but he knew this one in front of him was cold-hearted. He advanced toward Jonathan then threw his branch to the ground between them. Jonathan looked a little surprised at first.
“Come on! You don't want to mess with me!” He said throwing the dead puppy at him then charging forward to grab the branch.
James Dean dodged the puppy and caught Jonathan before he could get the branch. He went to grab for it. He had it in his hand but James Dean stepped down on it.
Jonathan screamed, trying his best to wrench his hand free James Dean only ground his hand deeper into the ground. 
“Let it go!”
“No!”
“Let it go!” James Dean yelled again as he put all his wait down on Jonathan's hand. There was a small audible pop.
Jonathan screamed louder than ever jumped to his feet when James Dean took his foot off of his hand.
Cradling his injured hand to his chest he yelled. “You broke it you stupid nigger!”
“Shut up and get out of here.” James Dean said and took a menacing step toward him.
Jonathan hadn't wanted to fight anymore especially with two or three broken fingers. He ran over to where his cousin lay, conscious now but still a little disoriented. He helped him up as best as he could with his good arm and they both high-tailed it out of the bottoms.
James Dean and Jimmy buried the puppy up under The Big Oak Tree. That entire summer they spent down in the bottoms playing and swimming, fishing and catching crawdads. They became good friends and knew sooner or later Jonathan and Curtis would be back. James Dean had been relieved when Rufus had come back from visiting family in Ashdown, then there had been three of them and if those clowns came back they would have had a surprise, but they didn't see them for the rest of the summer and they put Jonathan and Curtis in the back of their minds.
The girls were getting restless and so was Jimmy. They weren't too far from the big oak tree and they had found some shade to cool down in. Jimmy could tell by the sun that it was about noon. It was just getting hot sitting around thinking about sitting around in the sun.
“Lets just come back later.” Anna Bell said.
“I'm hungry.” said Abby Gail rubbing her tummy.
“Hold on I want to wait for the others. They should be here any second I'm sure.”
Only a few moments passed before they could hear voices approaching. They looked over across the bridge and saw that it were them.
“Hey!” Jimmy called. “We're over here.”
Rufus, Lily and James Dean crossed the bridge and found a seat with their friends.
“So where ya'll been?” Jimmy asked.
“Well, we were on our way here but a man wanted us to pick his plums.” Lily said.
“Pick his plums?” Jimmy looked astonished. “Did ya'll?”
“Yeah.” James Dean said. “He paid us a quarter a piece and gave us free Pepsi-Cola.”
“You're kidding right.” Anna Bell said.
“No, look.” Rufus said raising up his bottle.
“Hey thanks.” Jimmy said taking the bottle away from Rufus. “Now these are good friends.” He said looking toward Anna Bell and Abby Gail. “Saving us some Pepsi-Cola.: With a sharp-tipped rock he pried open the top took a sip and sighed. 
Rufus looked outraged.
“Too bad Ellen Rose had to miss out on this refreshing drink. It's still a little cold too.” He passed it over to Anna Bell.
James Dean started at the mention of Ellen Rose's name. “Um she didn't want to come?”
“No, son she just wasn't home that’s all. Her mom said to check later.”
“Oh, okay.” James Dean said feeling as if everyone was staring at him.
“You know since there's seven of us now I think we should have a club house or something.” Rufus said. “You know a place we can call our own. A place we could go to if we were in trouble.”
The Pepsi had finally cycled back to Rufus and he took a satisfying gulp.
“You would be there all the time.” James Dean told Rufus. They all had a laugh about that. After they finished laughing James Dean said. “He's right though, it would be cool to have a place of our own. So who wants to build a club house?”
They all raised their hands. James Dean passed the Pepsi to Abby Gail after taking a sip.
“What will we use to build it?” Anna Bell asked.
“I think my dad has some stuff he would let us have.” Jimmy said. “Don't worry though I'm sure we'll find enough material.” 
Just then Abby Gail's stomach growled loudly.
“Come on, I want to show ya'll something, but first let's get something to eat.” James Dean said.
With Jimmy's eighty-two cents they had one dollar and fifty-seven cents in all. The Barbecue Place was down on the east side of town on Road 237. The establishment was ran by two brothers. Charlie and Glenn Howard. They had lived their entire life in Paraloma, and it was said they made the best barbecue in the south that you had ever tasted. Glenn was out back grilling today. Charlie was behind the counter. He had just finished taking a customers order when Lily, Jimmy, Abby Gail, Anna Bell, Rufus and James Dean piled into The Barbecue Place.
At first Charlie didn't know what to think. He'd never seen any white kids in his restaurant before. On the weekends a lot of white men came. Usually alone, but he didn't mind. However, seeing these white and black kids together really put him on edge. He wondered if their parents knew. More than likely not.
“How you doing Mr. Howard?” James Dean said in a friendly tone.
“My, my if it ain't young James Dean. Mighty fine. Everything going alright with you?”
“Yes sir. Everything is fine, but we're a little hungry.”
“Well you shole came to the right place. What will it be?”
Charlie waited and watched while they discussed the matter. Finally they ordered six cheeseburgers. Charlie knew James Dean and Rufus, he had grew up with their parents. Every other weekend on Friday nights, sometimes Saturday he would go have a few drinks at the Jook Joint. For the blacks this is where it was happening. Darrel and John Dean could usually be seen there anywhere from 9:00 p.m to midnight but no later because they were married men and were looking to get back to their wives before they came looking for them. He had always liked those two. They never drank much. Whenever you needed a favor these men you could rely on.
He'd gotten in a scuffle one night with Adam Greene, well it was more than a little scuffle. The Jook Joint had been really jumping that night. The new James Jones record Hot Buns had already been played twice that night. Every time it came on the women would go crazy. They'd find a partner and run out onto the dance floor. Now Hot Buns was a good song. Charlie didn't fancy himself as a great dancer. Matter of fact he hardly ever danced, but this night he was looking out on the dance floor. He knew just about everyone in the place. The atmosphere was calm and he was enjoying himself. John Dean and Darrel was to his left at the bar conversing with Pete Scoggins who served up the drinks. Then it happened. The Hot Buns number started back up. The women all with a man in tow ran back onto the dance floor. Charlie Greene still looking out onto the dance floor spotted Katie Morgan, by far the finest thang in Paraloma. The thing was, what he couldn't believe she was beckoning him over with her index finger. Her smile was so bright and beautiful. She was standing in the middle of the dance floor all alone and Charlie found himself drifting toward her, literally drifting because his feet didn't seem to be working at all, they felt like they were asleep and somewhere in the back of his mind he was praying to God. Please let me be able to dance and not look like a complete fool in front of Katie. She was wearing a powder blue dress that hugged her body. How she'd gotten into it he would never know. It just didn't make any sense how he could see every curve of her body. She looked like a white girl from across the room. If you didn't know her and her folks you would have suspected she was. At least half-white anyway, but when she talked you knew she was a sister. Her skin was the color of banana cream, she had black hair that went down past her shoulders. Her eyes were light brown and she had a few freckles on her nose and cheeks that complimented her beauty.
“What's up brother?” She had said. “I hope you can dance 'cause this my song!”
She threw her hands up in the air, swinging her hips left to right and popping her fingers a look of determination and sexiness in her eyes. Charlie had looked into those beautiful eyes and danced with her step for step. It was by far his best performance ever, but he hadn't realized it. He was drowning in her eyes. He felt like he could feel her like he had never felt a woman before. He felt like he knew her, like he could actually see into her brain and catch certain images of what she was thinking at that very moment.
Not only Charlie was intrigued in their fiasco, so was Katie. They didn't see Adam come into the Jook Joint. No one saw him come in, or if they did they couldn't have known what he was thinking. He spotted Katie and Charlie on the dance floor and he made a straight course towards them. He walked across the floor forcefully pushing people out of his way. All he could see was his girl Katie dancing with some punk. He pulled the pistol out of his jacket when he was a few paces away from them. He pointed it in Charlie's face. There were screams as some people could see the scene that was unfolding, others went on dancing. Charlie appeared as if he was trying to say something, however he never had a chance. Katie rushed in between them.
“No Adam, don't. I ain't yo girl no more. I don't know why you so mad. It's yo fault. He ain't got nothing to do-”
Adam shot her twice, once in the chest and once in the head. There was no mistaking the danger now as people scattered left and right. Everyone was trying to make it to the one exit. Charlie and Adam were the only ones standing still. They were covered in blood and they both were looking down at Katie in disbelief, shock maybe. John Dean and Darrel looking cautious but alert came over. The presence of other people brought them both back to life. Charlie started trembling uncontrollably wiping the blood from his face. He could see some of Katie’s brains oozing out of her forehead. She’d landed on her back but her head had come to rest leaning toward her right shoulder. He’d never forget it. They were oozing out. John Dean and Darrel had saved his life that night. Before he knew what was happening Adam was pointing the pistol at him again. The first bullet caught him in the upper shoulder. The second one smashed through the roof. It had been Darrel that had knocked the gun out of Adam’s hand. James Dean had wrestled him to the ground and held him there until the police had arrived. It had happened about ten years ago. He hadn’t thought much of it over the years. He thought about Katie yes but not that particular day. The kids laughter brought him back to reality.
From the back Glenn yelled out “six barbecued cheeseburgers!” 
Charlie Howard disappeared towards the back and returned a few seconds later with a large white sack.
“Here ya’ll go.” Charlie paused as he handed the sack over. He appeared as if he wanted to say something more but he only shook his head and handed it over to James Dean.
“Have a nice day! Say hello to your Pa also.” Charlie told them as they left the Barbecue Place.
There was a small park right across the street. They found a couple of picnic tables and dived into the sack. They were hot, covered in sizzling  barbecue sauce with a dash of lemon. They were delicious.
“So tell me.” Jimmy said with a mouth full of cheeseburger. “What are we going to do today?”
“Build our club house today?” Lily asked hopefully. Wiping barbecue sauce off of her mouth with the back of her hand. This only smeared the sauce more profoundly on the side of her face.
“Well, I want to show ya’ll a place.” James Dean began. “I think ya’ll will like it.”
“Well let’s get going I gotta see this.” Rufus said.
Jimmy had an agreeing look of delight on his face. So did Abby Gail and Lily. Anna Bell looked nonplussed.
“This better be good.” She said as she rose up from the picnic table holding her barbecue coated hands at arm lengths. She walked over to a nearby fountain to rinse them off when she felt eyes on her. Five pair to be exact.
“What!” She bellowed. She could see the rest of the gang sucking their fingers clean. “Don’t look at me like that!” “Ya’ll fingers aren’t clean!”

CHAPTER 6

Under the impression that it was an afterthought  James Dean reckoned they could stop by Ellen Rose’s house and see if she was at home yet. So they had made their way over to Main street receiving gawking stares from some of the kids that happened to see them pass. They picked up Ellen Rose at her house and took the path that headed towards the bottoms to get to the hill behind Sammy’s Fix-Er-Up.
Sammy’s Fix-Er-Up sat out on 237 West right off of Main Street once you passed the Paraloma Church of Christ. Larry Brown’s father had built the filling station over fifteen years ago and when he’d succumbed to lung cancer in 1955 he’d inherited the entire business. They specialized in oil changes, replacing brake pads, batteries, headlights and taillights and various other minor installments. What they were widely known for though was tire service. Larry Brown was proud of his business, not just because it earned great profit but just like any man would be proud of his own business. He served customers with a passion and went out of his way to have every brand of tire available. Even though he had plenty of hired help and could have relaxed all day giving orders it never crossed his mind. He’d been working ever since he was five years old out in the cornfields. He was a worker and he enjoyed what he did. If you lined him up in a row with his staff it would be difficult to pick him out. There was a tire pile out back where they would haul all of the bad tires. They only did this at the end of the shift when the Fix-Er-Up closed for the day. If anyone would have happened to walk out there around lunch time they would have spotted seven kids committing some of the most hilarious acts.
“You’re next! You’re next!” James Dean cried helping Abby Gail into a tractor tire. “Whatever you do don’t let go of the tire. Hold on to it like this.” He demonstrated. “Okay.”
“Push her! Push her!” Jimmy yelled up at them from the bottom of the hill.
“Hold on!” James Dean yelled.
“Get out of that tire!” Anna Bell wailed.
“Alright, one-two-three!” James Dean and Rufus pushed the tire down the hill. 
Abby Gail whooped and hollered in glee as she seen her world go upside down and right up again. Wind rushed up into her face and her dress flittered around her as she went head over heels once twice more times that she could count until she was dizzy from laughter and the ride. Jimmy had went first and he caught everyone after they had descended the hill and there was hardly enough force to keep you rolling or you would fall over on your side. 
“Faster!” Jimmy yelled
“Shut up!” James Dean shot back laughing.
Ellen Rose went next, then Lily. Anna Bell had to act so stubborn and said she wasn’t going.
“I ain’t getting in that tire and that’s that.”
“It’s not dirty or nothing.” Rufus said.
“It’s a tire.” Anna Bell said. “They spend their entire lives on the ground.”
Rufus looked more closely at the tire as if he was inspecting it for dust. It was quite dusty.
Without a word James Dean went over to Anna Bell, scooped her off her feet and said. “Rufus hold that tire steady.”
Anna Bell seeming flabbergasted, like she’d just witnessed a flying saucer, she was hardly able to react before James Dean had thrust her into the tire. When she regained her voice it came like a hurricane.
“How dare you? How dare you pick me up? Get me off of this filthy tire! I’m going to bop you I swear it!”
She tried to step out but James Dean placed her legs back into the middle of the tire.
“Hold on!” He yelled and they began pushing the tire down the hill.
“No! Stop! Stop!” Anna Bell screamed.
“We can’t stop!” The boys cried as they let loose.
Anna Bell was scared at first there was no way she was going to get in that tire she thought but that wicked boy James Dean had moved so fast now here she was tumbling around in this tire but gee golly it wasn’t so bad! She could see the sun and it looked like it was tumbling with her. Her screams of fright gradually turned to laughter. Close to the bottom of the hill her tire struck a loose rock. She wobbled, bounced, then soared into the air. This was somewhat ten times more fun than rolling down the hill. She went airborne, for only a couple of seconds. It seemed longer to her though. When she hit the ground she shot out of the tire like a backfire. She was still laughing but her friends must have thought she was crying because she saw their worried faces. Jimmy made it to her first, then next came her sister and Ellen Rose. She even saw James Dean which should have taken him longer to get to her because she was at the bottom of the hill where her other friends clustered around her. She marveled at how fast he was. Rufus arrived last puffing, sucking in air. Someone said. 
“Are you alright?”
Anna Bell laughed and said. “Lets go again!”
Later that day the friends decided to head up towards town. On Saturday afternoons Mrs. Bernice, an old lady that lived by the baseball field handed out free ice cream cones. Usually it would be homemade vanilla but at least once a month she would have chocolate and it didn’t matter on what side of Paraloma you lived. If you were a kid you would not miss Chocolate Ice Cream Day. That’s what Rufus called it anyway. No one really knew how old Mrs. Bernice was. She was one of those women that seemed to have a sixth sense when it came to ailments. If you were sniffling she insisted you had a spring cold she would feed you a strange concoction that smelled strangely like honey but taste like those bitter tarts you could get at Papa Bills for a penny. This would clear you up quickly and if you happened to have the flu, her unknown medicine was effective nonetheless. Banana cream and cocoa butter for cuts and bruises. 
Most houses in Paraloma had a front door and a back door. Some kids thought it weird Mrs. Bernice had a front door, a back door and one on the side of her house. When the friends arrived there were already a lot of kids getting their ice cream cones. They got in line noting how a lot of the other kids were staring at them. When they got their ice cream cones they sat down in front of Mrs. Bernice yard while the rest of the kids ran over to the baseball field. The boys talked about baseball and air rifles while the girls talked about school and clothes. After the ice cream was gone and their butts had gotten stiff from sitting so long. The friends got up to head toward the baseball field when someone shouting caused the friends to stop and look around. Riding up the road on shiny new bikes were four boys. They stopped right in the middle of the street. Right away Jimmy and James Dean recognized the blond boy that dismounted from his bike and put his kickstand in place. He strolled confidently up to them with a big grin on his face and said.
“Well look who it is.” 
Curtis and two other fat boys they had never seen before still sat on their bikes with huge grins on their greasy faces.
“You two boys are gonna pay for what ya’ll did to me.” Jonathan said.
“You brought it on yourself, Jimmy ain’t never done anything to you!” James Dean yelled. “Neither have I.”
“You broke my wrist!” Jonathan screamed.
“You killed my puppy you son of a bitch!” Jimmy yelled.
If it hadn’t been for Rufus Jimmy would have launched himself on Jonathan. Then there’s no telling what would have happened. Especially with the girls there. They hadn’t said a word. Besides they didn’t know what had happened last year. Curtis and the other two fat boys jumped off their bikes letting them fall to the road. They hurried forward clenching their fist. Ready to battle. Rufus still held on to Jimmy. James Dean was conscious of the girls behind him but he’d always been a fighter and if these guys were going to pummel them he would go down swinging. If he could hit Jonathan first, just right, and knock him out it would be three on three. Still a lopsided fight because Curtis was gigantic and the other two fat boys were almost as huge. When everything looked to be escalating to a bruising and bloody day Mrs. Bernice appeared in her doorway.
“What’s going on out there?”
“None of your business lady now go on.” Jonathan yelled.
She stood there for a second then said. “Looks like I’m gonna have to get my shotgun.” She turned around and disappeared back into her house. 
Jonathan and his oversized companions jaws dropped. “Did she say a shotgun? I’m out of here.” Curtis ran for his bike. The two fat boys were already in front of him scrambling for theirs. Jonathan pointed a menacing finger at James Dean and Jimmy. “We’ll get you later.” He said. All the while his eyes darting toward Mrs. Bernice door.
“No.” James Dean said. “Let’s get this over with, today. I challenge you Jonathan to a race. If you win I’ll do whatever you say but if I win you have to leave us alone and never come back into the bottoms again.”
“That doesn’t sound like a very good deal.” Rufus said. “What if you lose?”
James Dean looked at his best friend with disbelief. “Have I ever lost a race?”
“No.” Rufus said.
“That’s enough said then.”
“I’ll accept your challenge.” Jonathan said. “However if I win don’t worry you won’t have to do anything. That girl though has to be my girlfriend.”
James Dean looked to where he was pointing and almost screamed aloud No!
“The pretty red-head girl has to be my girlfriend.” Jonathan said.
“We’re going to have to talk about this.” James Dean said. 
“That’s’ the only way I’ll do it.” Jonathan said. “So if she won’t do it forget it.”
James Dean and his friends huddled into a circle a little ways off and the first thing he said was. “I know I’ll win but you have nothing to do with this.”
Ellen Rose only shrugged. “I don’t care, if you know you can beat him we should just do it so they will leave all of us alone.” 
James Dean looked around at everyone. No one said it but he could see it in their faces. What if he lost? Why did Jonathan agree? If he agreed it had to be because he thought he was fast, or he was.
“Lets go to the baseball field. We’ll begin in the outfield and race to home plate. First one there is the winner.” Jonathan said.
James Dean began to sweat, he was really nervous. He had to win. He liked Ellen Rose. He couldn’t let this jerk make her be his girlfriend. He was going to win. So everyone walked over to the baseball field.
“Alright, ya’ll will start right here.” Jimmy said. He stood in front of James Dean and Jonathan out in the outfield. Everyone else was waiting behind the foul line of home plate. 
“When I drop my arms. That’s when you take off, no sooner or you forfeit.” Jimmy said. Everyone looked nervous. James Dean looked up at the sky. So beautiful he thought. The sky was so crystal clear. The air smelled so crisp and clean. Everything seemed so perfect here in Paraloma and across that finish line stood Ellen Rose the prettiest girl he had ever saw in his life. He could do this.
“On your mark!” Jimmy yelled. “Get set!” He dropped his arms. “Go!”
James Dean took out like a bat out of hell, dust billowing from behind his feet. He was not going to leave anything up to chance he was pouring everything on in his body. Jonathan wasn’t anywhere is his peripheral vision. He was really going to win, and easily. That’s when he heard a quick and steady tap, tap, tap of shoes on the ground behind him. That’s all he could hear at that moment his lightning fast tick tick tick tick but Jonathan was gaining on him, he could hear it. Tap, tap, tap. Maybe he had burned all his energy too fast. James Dean was getting tired and they were barely passed halfway. Third base was coming up and coming quick, that’s when he saw only a blur of Jonathan, he was almost beside him. I told them I wasn’t going to lose James Dean thought. I have to do something now. He pushed his self harder, farther than he ever had before he focused his eyes on Ellen Rose she was cheering and jumping up and down, smiling and waving him on. All of his friends were. He looked down and saw that he had passed home plate foul line. He fell and all of his friends came over and helped him up.
Had he won? He looked around and saw Jonathan. He was just standing there but he hadn’t even passed home plate. What happened had he stopped?
“You won.” Jonathan announced. He sat there looking too calm even sad maybe. 
He was going to ask for a rematch James Dean thought.
“I will keep up my end of the deal.” He said. “I wont mess with ya’ll guys anymore. I’m sorry.”
Okay something incredible had just happened. What in the world was going on?
“You gave us your word, it better be the truth.” Ellen Rose snapped.
While he was running he had heard a voice in his head say stop leave him alone. It sounded like what the voice of God would sound like he just wanted to get home now, quick.
“It’s the truth, I don’t have a choice. Come on lets get out of here!” Jonathan yelled at his comrades.
“That was too weird.” James Dean said. “He was right there with me. For a second there…” 
Ellen Rose came over and hugged him. “You won, thank you.”
“Seems like someone else got a girlfriend.” Jimmy snickered.
James Dean blushed somehow this time and said. “Shut up.”
“We better get home. It’s done got awfully late.” Anna Bell said. 
For once Jimmy agreed with her. The friends said goodbye. James Dean, Rufus, and Lily crossed over the bridge and the rest of them headed home to the other side of Paraloma. It didn’t take them long to get to Ellen Rose’s house. Ellen Rose looked up at the sky and saw dark grey rain clouds pushing their way into town. She waved at Anna Bell and Abby Gail as they crossed the street. 
“See you tomorrow.” Jimmy called, then let himself in through his magic fence tilting the board up and letting it fall in behind him. 
Ellen Rose was mounting her front porch steps when she heard someone say her name. She turned around expecting one of her friends but she didn’t immediately see anyone. She went back down the stairs looking around the area she thought it had come from. Surely she wasn’t hearing things. She walked over to the side of the house.
“Ellen Rose.” This time it was her Dad. “What are you doing over there? Come on inside.”
“Okay Pa, I thought I saw someone in the bushes.”
It was Russell Prewl. He had been hiding there when they had all come walking by. Not one of them had saw him. He had saw the delight on their faces when they had come by. Only the happiness and joy you could feel as a kid. He could practically feel their happiness seeping out of their skin. He had an idea how it would be to feel that way again. His childhood hadn’t been the greatest and he really didn’t know what it felt like to have friends. Growing up in Paraloma in the late 1920’s with his sick mother was hard. The doctor had told his mother to get everything in order. She didn’t have much time. Russell Prewl hadn’t known his mother was dying until one day he looked up and saw she resembled a broomstick dressed in a sackcloth. He had somehow blamed himself for not being around. Even though he didn’t have any friends he spent many hours out in the woods alone playing games by himself. His imagination was beyond extradionary. His mother used to call him Little Einstein. Russell Prewl couldn’t quite remember when her health had started declining. He had known she had went to see Dr. Phyllis but she hadn’t spoken a word to him about her visit. She’d died only a few weeks later. The night that it happened he’d had the misfortune of finding her naked and dead in their old bathtub. There was no exact reason for him to have awakened in the middle of the night. Thinking back on it he hardly ever did. Passing on his way towards the kitchen to get a drink of water he’d noticed his mother wasn’t in bed. He’d checked each and every room which didn’t take long. The house was small. He’d already been in the kitchen. She wasn’t in the living area nor the front porch. The house only held two bedrooms. What remained was the bathroom and that’s where he had found her. Slumped over the tub. Her torso was hung over the rim, her forehead touching the floor. It looked as if she had tried to crawl out but hadn’t quite made it. He’d saw she was nothing but skin and bones. Her shoulder blades poked out grotesquely, as if any minute they would rip out of her flesh. Her spine was no better. He was sure if he raised her up he could count each and everyone of her ribs without a problem. He had saw her bony ass sticking into the air. Even though he was disgusted and hurt (his mother was undoubtedly dead!) it gave him a feeling he hated just looking at her bony ass sticking up in the air. He had touched her arm. Her unnatural cold arm. He had called the police next letting them do the necessary. 
There had been a lovely funeral (so said the old folks) life had went on as normal for everyone else that is. Russell’s mother had known she was dying. He hadn’t even thought anything was out of the ordinary when his mother had showed him where she kept their life savings. She had known she was dying and hadn’t said a word. The Prewl’s had been poor. Mr. Prewl was nowhere to be found. All of the other kids used to make fun of Russell on a daily basis. From the first day of school on up until 1930 when things really started going down hill for him. In those days class had been taught in the old Church of Christ on Main street Monday through Friday. There was only one room and kids aged eight through eighteen were taught by Ms. Sharp. Many kids stopped going to school altogether by age sixteen or so. Either to help out at home or to start jobs of their own to help out the family as best as they could. Russell Prewl didn’t have money to buy much of anything. Ms. Sharp always kept small cartons of milk and juice on ice that she sold for a penny. Of course the kids made fun of him because he didn’t even have a penny to buy a juice or a milk. One day Ms. Sharp kept him late after class.
“Why don’t you make any friends?” she had asked him.
“Because I’m different, I’m not like them.” Russell had answered. “Besides, they don’t want to be my friend they make fun of me when you’re not paying attention.”
Ms. Sharp sighed. “Well never think you don’t have a friend. I’m your friend, everyone needs a friend.”
Ms. Sharp had stood next to him patting his shoulder. 
“Also I’m sorry.” She said.
“For what?” Russell Prewl asked.
She never said. She only handed him a penny. She slipped him one everyday so that he could buy himself a juice or milk to go with his lunch. She was the only friend he had ever had. No one ever found out. This didn’t stop the other kids from finding something else to make fun of about him though.
The Prewl’s only went to town on Saturday and Sunday. On Saturday they bought groceries from Papa Bills. On Sunday they attended the Church of Christ. Russell Prewl hated going to church. He only went because his mother insisted that he went. He didn’t like the church folks, the way they would sit in their church and listen to the preacher proclaim that everyone else was going to Hell except the religious ones, the Godly devoted. If anyone was going to Hell it would be each and every member of the Church of Christ. Right after Russell Prewl’s mother passed away all the townspeople of Paraloma called a meeting to discuss what was best for him. Some thought he was old enough to take care of himself. Others did not agree, but none were willing to take him in.
Russell Prewl left Paraloma the same night they held the community meeting to discuss his future. He’d hitchhiked for a couple of days and slept in a park one night. Another, out in a dusty old barn on a mound of hay where two old mangy dogs appeared in the middle of the night and bedded down beside him. They had snuggled up next to him and he had patted their coats and fed them some crumbled cornbread he’d had. (The last thing his mother had ever baked.) He knew the dogs had most likely been abandoned and they were running away just like him.
After his mother died Russell Prewl primarily raised himself. He learned a lot and saw a lot of things when he was bringing himself up. He hung out in places where no kid should ever had been admitted. He had sex with women twice his age. He’d dealt with guns, he especially dealt with knives. He loved knives, switchblades. He always kept at least one on him. He’d possibly been killed when he was eighteen. He had bought a ticket in Tulsa down to Dallas, Texas. This is where he spent most of his time before coming back to Paraloma. He had killed the first girl in an old abandoned apartment complex right behind Hookers Lane. The street of course wasn’t named Hookers Lane. It was really Crawford. Most everyone that did hang out there only knew Hooker Lane, Skeezer Street. Some men came down just to watch the girls. To see them strut, prancing about in revealing clothing. Others came just to have conversation believe it or not. He had just got paid and wanted to spend  a little time with a lady friend. He walked the length of Hooker Lane looking for a little number named Sarah. She was tall with dark hair and knew how to please any man. He passed two hookers on the corner flashing their breasts to anyone looking. He saw a couple of more hookers in a car but none resembled Sarah. He walked the street again hoping to see her but he didn’t. He decided to call it a night and go home when he saw a woman beckoning him into an alley. He thinks twice before going over but decides it couldn’t hurt. What you looking for honey she had asked him. You wanna have sex with me? She was skinny with brown eyes and blond hair. Not bad at all. Russell Prewl shook his head yes. She grabbed his hand and lead him into a building with no doors. There had been a recent fire. Charred wood, a table, what looked like it had been a desk and a few chairs lay in a pile at one end of the wall. She lead Russell Prewl passed this into a hallway that broke off to the left and right. He could see the alley to the left, there was a big chunk of wall missing. To the right they went. No damage had touched this side. Russell Prewl found himself in a small room at the end of the hall. She started sucking him as he stood. Then next his knees buckled and he was sitting on the floor as she continued sucking him, stroking him. There was a knife under her skirt, she slid it out. Now if it hadn’t been for Russell Prewl prematurely ejaculating, that night may not have went in his favor. He shot hot semen down the skinny hookers throat. Now it wasn’t that the hooker wasn’t used to sucking down semen nine or ten times a day. She was just cut off guard. She choked and almost dropped the blade in her hand. To Russell Prewl’s surprise he jumped up as the hooker slashed at his penis. She missed the first time but kept slashing away. Russell Prewl kept backing up until his back hit the wall. The hooker flew at him. Suddenly he felt a terrible pain in his abdomen as the skinny hooker kept thrusting the blade into him.
“Die motherfucker! Die!” She had screamed.
He pushed her off of him in a rampage, scared and screaming himself. He pulled the blade out of his stomachand blood spurted out of him, but he didn’t worry about it at the moment. The bitch had tried to cut his dick off. She had tried to kill him. The skinny hooker was scrambling, trying to get off of the floor.
“You fucking whore!” Russell Prewl had screamed. He stomped on her face once, twice, three times. He lunged on top of her stabbing her over and over again until his arm was aching and he felt like he would pass out. His blood and hers was everywhere. He slid the knife into his belt and ran out of the building. Of course he wasn’t thinking straight. He had just killed someone. He ran out of the alley never looking back. He holed up in his apartment for two weeks, sure the police would be kicking his door in to haul him off to jail. He did see a small bit however in the Dallas Times of a young street walker being stabbed to death. Over sixty puncture wounds were found in her body. The killer was never found and Russell Prewl got comfortable walking around knowing he had killed her. He hadn’t asked for forgiveness. All in all he should have. He carried the hookers blade for around a year until he met Big D. Big D was from New York and he had collected knives from many different states. He had set up on a street corner and that’s where Russell Prewl first saw him as he headed down to catch lunch one day. 
“Nice knives.” Russell had commented and Big D had told him all about the special he had going on and Russell Prewl had left with half a dozen.

CHAPTER 7

Harry Newman was missing three heifers, he’d woke up early like he did every morning and was feeding his cows when he noticed three of his heifers were missing. He owned eighty acres out on Road 237 West. After putting out some corn Harry headed to the back of his pasture where his cows usually got out. The barb-wired fence looked fine there but he did see some muddy tracks headed east so he tracked them about half a mile before he found where the heifers had squeezed through the barb-wire getting over onto the land owned by a man named James Earl. Harry crossed over at once becoming worried seeing many vultures overhead. Harry knew James Earl had around a dozen cow head but he didn’t see any as of yet. He walked a little further into the pasture, maneuvering through cow patties, suddenly something did catch his eye. Taking one long unbelievable gaping look at the two little girls they couldn’t be no more than eleven or twelve years old. They were hanging directly in front of him from a pine tree by their entrails wrapped and coiled around their necks. Their faces looked bloated and warped. Their skin appeared grey in the slivers of light finding their way through the top of the trees early that morning. A sickening wave washed over him as his stomach began to feel as if it had become unattached from its proper position and was spinning around nonstop in his digestive system. He fell to his knees gripping his mid-section and began to regurgitate his breakfast. A moment later, tears sliding down his face combining with his saliva dripping from the corners of his mouth. Ignoring the foul stench coming from the ground directly in front of him. Oblivious of the small chunks that had somehow found the front of his jeans. The sour taste in his mouth. The woodpecker that was hammering away on a distant tree, a doe peering out from the brush on his left… He staggered to his feet and tried to avoid looking at the little girls again. They were naked. Without even realizing it he was looking at them again. A slight breeze had begun to make their lifeless bodies sway. Left to right. Left to right. Whoever had done this is a madman thought Harry. He hadn’t noticed at first the front upper-part of their bodies had been gouged out it seemed. No chest, no stomach, no nothing. Someone or something had gutted them like a fish. Harry fought against the urge to vomit again but lost. After regaining his senses he quietly made his way back home and made a call to the sheriff’s department.

The Paraloma Tribune June 07,1960
Two Missing Black Girls Found Dead!
Sisters Mary and Susan Black were found hung and mutilated in Harry Newman’s pasture yesterday. The two girls had been missing since May 14. The investigation has been ongoing since headed by Sheriff Bates. The investigation had been at a standstill because it seemed the girls had disappeared without a trace. Now, finding the girls dead had been their first break. The police department is not giving many details or if they have any evidence or suspects at this time. Sheriff Bates did say that they had found something very interesting at the scene that could help crack the case wide open.
“Now, will the congregation please rise for the opening Psalm.” Reverend Carter said raising his arms toward the heavens. The choir was already standing, they began to bellow out Jesus Keep Me Near the Cross. 
James Dean and Rufus was sitting on a pew near the back of the church. Service had just begun. James Dean’s mother and father along with Rufus mother were up near the front. James Dean and Rufus only mouthed the words as if they were really singing. Singing they could do alone, but not in front of a lot of people. They partially listened to the Reverend when he was preaching. That is when they weren’t whispering to each other or trying to sneak in a game of cards. 
“The title of my sermon today is What Really Matters in Life. First off I want to tell you a little story.” Reverend Carter said. He retrieved a white handkerchief from his breast pocket and wiped his forehead. Reverend Carter was a very dark man, tall, lean with perfect white teeth. He was very clean thought James Dean also because he would wipe his forehead between sixteen to twenty times throughout the entire service and his handkerchief stayed white. He and Rufus would sometimes take count just to pass time. Reverends high score was twenty-eight which occurred last summer. 
“There was a man, a movie star. He had a dream one night and in his dream God spoke to him. Give all your money to charity and give your house to someone in need of a home. One month passed without the man giving away all his money and his home. He had a second dream where God spoke to him saying you will not need money anymore nor a house.” 
“How will I live the man asked? You will not, you will die. The man didn’t want to die so he kept all his money and his house thinking if he didn’t let it go he would not die. He had a wonderful life he thought. He could have anything he wanted, anything he desired. Life was good. People loved him. Men and women wanted to be just like him. He was a star! You know what church people? God damned him to Hell. God was inviting him to the Promised Land, all he had to do was obey! He wouldn’t need money anymore, he wouldn’t need a great big house. He was going to be living with the Lord if he had obeyed. Everyone must die and in order to live you must die. It may not make much sense to some of you the Reverend said. Producing his white handkerchief and mopping his forehead with it. “As great as this world may seem I would leave it in an instant, not thinking twice of my decision to be with my Lord. There’s nothing greater than Him! I used to be afraid but no more! God is still alive today, whether you want to believe it or not! He has told me to not be afraid. Dying is only the beginning! I don’t know about you people today but I’m glad today!” Reverend shouted. “I’m glad! I’m overjoyed! Nothing going to stop me from being with my Lord. He is the Creator, He is our Father can I get an Amen?”
“Amen! Gone head Reverend!”
“Do not let anyone bring you down brothers and sisters. When you’re sad think of the Lord. When you’re hurting think of the Lord. When you ain’t got no money in your pocket book think of the Lord. Because in the end God will prevail, God is the only one that can save you, but let me tell you how good God is. Have you ever been hungry?”
“Yes sir! Yes sir!”
“I say have you ever been hungry? You didn’t have a nickel nor any food and you might a started crying, or you might a been angry mayhap asked to borrow some money from a friend or family member, maybe even just a loaf of bread and a carton of eggs to make it through the week.  Some of us have been turned down on occasion. Sometimes relatives can’t spare a nickel or two or even a loaf and carton of eggs. Some of us are so shamed we’d rather go hungry than ask somebody for something, but ohhh!” The Reverend shouted jumping up and down. “For those of you who prayed, sweet Jesus! Did he not provide? Did he not provide?”
“Yes He did! Amen! Hallelujah!”
“It don’t matter if you found a dollar in the street, or money came in just the knick of time, or even if I have brought someone a plate to their home for who else could have known you were hungry. God! As I close today remember, no matter what God will always be there for you, especially when it seems like He’s not. At times life will seem to stretch on forever and some of us may even get in the rhythm of thinking we will live forever, we will not. We will pass and all that mattered will be if God says well done my child enter into the kingdom of Heaven forever. Or…” the Reverend says dramatically. “I know not thy face be gone from me. In the end it will be you and only you. Now may God bless ya and keep, Amen.” 
“Amen.” The congregation spoke in unison.
After church services they always had lunch outside on some wooden picnic style tables in front of the James Wesley Methodist Church. Like every Sunday after they finished eating Augustine, James Dean’s mother fixed an extra plate for Mr. Clive Dallas and they would ride over to his house in their Cadillac stopping in to have a few words with Clive and tell him about the heck of a service he had missed. James Dean usually just listened on feeling as grown as his Ma and Pa and the ever exuberant Mr. Dallas. After his parents parted ways, usually but not always James Dean would stay behind while Mr. Dallas sat in his rocker out on the porch eating his plate. He would say go on inside and get the paper and he would read the headlines and Mr. Dallas would say if he wanted to hear the article or not. After reading to him about the two missing Black girls he laughed and said.
“Shit I really thought the article was about black African American girls. Those were Mrs. Ann Marie Black girls. I know her, my mother worked for her a few years before she passed away. Mrs. Ann Marie is a good woman I hate that had to happen to her girls. They sure gonna blame this on a black man and ain’t no black man in his right mind or crazy would do this. What you think James Dean?”
“I guess not. I never heard of some white girls getting hung or even cut up like that.”
“Who would cut up some girls like that?” Mr. Dallas asked. He looked over at James Dean. “You look like you want to say something.”
“Maybe it was the Black Gorilla Monster.”
Mr. Dallas chuckled. “No, Black Gorilla Monster wouldn’t do anything like that.”
“So you don’t think I’m crazy.” James Dean asked. “You know, believing in the Black Gorilla Monster.”
“No son, besides it was around the time when I was a young man when the talks of a so called Gorilla Monster had killed them white boys that jumped on Mrs. B boy. No one ever saw it but I did see The Creek full of blood and body parts. That’s something you just don’t forget. Someone must be trying to cause some trouble in Paraloma or there just might be a real killer out there. The only people that got killed here were black people. For stealing, messing around with a white woman in more ways than one. For being black and in the wrong place at the wrong time. Yeah Mr. Dallas went on some of those white men have gotten drunk and went up and shot each other up once or twice but nothing ever like this.” 
Ellen Rose woke from a dream. No a nightmare she thought putting her hand to her chest feeling the pulse of her heart beating rapidly. It had not been real after all. Ellen Rose cleared her throat and wiped at the sleep in her eyes with the back of one hand. She went back over her dream. Wondering if it meant anything at all. They had been in the bottoms. Jimmy had been there, Lily, Abby Gail, Anna Bell and Rufus. They were walking a few paces in front of her. James Dean was beside her. Everything seemed so nice. All of a sudden there was a loud racket as something charged through the brush heading straight toward her on the path. Suddenly a wild boar burst from the foliage at the brush planting its tusk into her leg. She screamed something awful because it hurt and the boar scared her. It’s eyes. It’s muddy beady eyes seemed to resent her. She pulled back feeling searing pain in her left leg. Incredibly now she was in a vast clearing a pasture of such and her friends had disappeared along with the bottoms and the path they had been on except for James Dean he was there and so was the wild boar. There was a great deal of pain and blood gushing down her leg. There was a gruff squeal from the wild boar now it turned on James Dean charging at him.
Oh no! Ellen Rose thought. He has nothing to defend himself with. As if the fleeting thought of her distress a large rock instantly appeared in his hand as if painted there in a mere second with her imagination. He began bashing the boar as it reared on him. He bashed it over and over again until blood began spurting into his face and shirtless chest his dark brown skin glistening like it had that first day she had met him. Ellen Rose looked down at her leg it was still bleeding badly and hurt like hell. Have you ever wanted something you could never have? asked James Dean conversationally.
 Whoa. What? Looking up Ellen Rose saw the blood had magically disappeared from him. What do you mean?
Then he was speaking but either nothing was coming out or she had been struck deaf. Then she had awaken. Did the dream have any significance or was it just another weird dream that was already fading in her mind like most did. As she settled in her bed thinking it would be gone most likely when she slept and awoke in the morning.
Many miles away Judd could see the dark clouds approaching over the horizon. At a glance they could have appeared like towering mountains in the far off distance. Rain was due sure enough in Paraloma, but Judd hoped it wouldn’t spoil Watermelon Days to be held on every first Saturday annually in July. Kids and adults alike looked forward to it during the summer. It was actually one of the only events the white’s and black’s joined in together. The sky was blue and cloudless toward the north, east and west but yet the mountainous clouds from the south somehow dominated all. Judd strolled through his watermelon patch after taking his eyes off the sky. He figured he had a winner in this years Watermelon Days. His prized Carolina Cross was weighing in at sevent-eight pounds so far. Thunder rumbled in the distance. It would mean a lot to Judd to win. His father had produced some of the largest watermelons in Watermelon Days history. He had won first prize five times. Last year and the year before 1958. Three times in a row back in 1951, 1952 and 1953. Judd had been in his early twenties back then living life to his fullest not even much concerned about his future. He still had his father that treated him much still like a teenage boy. In affection only. He was not a spoiled child at all. He worked hard everyday. He had his own house, his dependable Ford and his girlfriend Tabitha Mellows that lived over in Cowlingsville. All accumulated he believed with his father’s advice. That most of the time he didn’t understand. However his father had never steered him wrong. He was a successful farmer, whereas Judd didn’t mind the farm work. It never occurred to him in his mind he would take over the farm. It was more of being young. Not thinking, caring or interested in five years down the road. Hardly two or three years. Not many men in their early twenties were doing any preparing for anything at all. Yes preparing to get some hot young lady in bed. Preparing to find a job to purchase a vehicle to drive that hot young lady around in. Get the picture? Alright, all young men aren’t constantly thinking of passing time with some young hot lady. Okay maybe half in that age category, as for Judd he was having an incredibly painless life. He worked with his father, not necessarily for him as many townspeople would say when gossiping or just about going over the highlights of the day in small town Paraloma. Such as one going around. When will the Crosslin boy marry Papa Bill’s niece Tabitha Mellows? It’s just a matter of time. Crosslin’s boy is just as amiable as Crosslin himself, and yes he works for his father as well. I hear he pays him and all his workmen equal. That’s a good thing I think as well as…
Bob Crosslin Judd’s father had died last year suddenly of a heart attack leaving all his property and allowances to him. Which many people didn’t know a third of the property and many acres Bob Crosslin owned had been given to Judd when he was six years old. Only once the full responsibility of taking lead rein of the estate did Judd see that farm work was not what he wanted to do the remainder of his life. Hard work was not a problem, the reason he had enjoyed it because he was always around his father. Not always but sometimes Bob would come out and pick corn with them. He always had a smile on his face and he loved to tell jokes. The last one he ever told they had been out late that August evening. Mechanical problems had actually stalled them and that was the main reason Bob had come out that day being concerned only one hour after his boy and crew hadn’t made it back to his farm house for their paychecks. He had pulled up in his ancient Ford dust billowing out from the rear as he pulled up onto the makeshift trail from the gravel road onto his pasture out on Road 217. Judd had been under the big 250 they used for transport.
“So how it goes?”
Judd had slid from under the 250. “The transmission.” Said Judd.
Bob had then said. Let me get a look at her.” After about five minutes of poking around and asking for various tools Bob slid off from under the 250. “Gearshift wouldn’t budge. You got a machete?” Bob asked. He went into the cab and went to whacking away. Judd had thought at first his father had went mad. From the look on the other men’s faces they were thinking the same. “Judd hand me a crowbar.” Bob said as he paused and went to whacking Lord knew what. There was a crowbar in the back of the 250’s bed. He grabbed it and handed it to his father. 
“Um… Ahh..” Judd started but Bob interrupted. “I’ll have you fixed up in just a few minutes.” There were a few audible clicks as if Bob was shifting gears. “Yes that’s what I thought.” Bob said to himself. “The trans just fine. For some reason the gearshift have locked up. Look.” 
Judd peered over his father shoulder to see he had tore open a hole right in the middle of the floor about the size of a fist. He had the crowbar inserted into it and he could hear the clicks again. “I’m shifting back into park now.” 
“I would have never thought anything like it.” Judd said. 
“Sheet! I set on my cheesh. Said Buddy. He pulled a brown squashed bag from his back pocket. “Sheet!” He said again. He had migrated from Yucatán Mexico about a year ago. Had never spoken English in his life but he was getting better at it. A little. 
Bob burst out laughing. “Hey, have ya’ll heard the one about the black man, the white man and the Mexican man?”
“I don’t think so.” One of the hired men said.
So Bob had started, with the sun barely cresting over the horizon back toward town. “The white man came up with the friendly bet. They would just have to acknowledge which cheese was the best. So the black man went first. He stopped in at the grocery looking around until he decided on good old government American cheese, familiar and good he knew. The white man went next down to the grocery already knowing which cheese he would select. Swiss he told the young man behind the counter so he came back and the Mexican went next. As he arrived at the grocery he tried to figure out what he was going to do he had no money. As he walked inside he saw a black woman waiting at the counter. It just so happened the young man was wrapping up some cheese and handed it to the woman. On her way out the Mexican came up from behind her and snatched it. While he was running away she screamed that’s not cho cheese! That’s not cho cheese! He got back and the black and white man asked what kind of cheese you got. Nacho cheese.” 
The men burst out laughing along with Bob all except Buddy. After Bob had put much emphasis on the word not cho cheese seemingly so close to nacho cheese he laughed the hardest. Bob had driven the 250 home with Judd in the passenger seat and Buddy following in his ancient Ford. It was a day Judd was sure he would never forget. He always had an answer for everything. He not only showed Judd how much he loved him. He told him, yes on special occasions like Happy Birthday you know I wouldn’t forget. I love you son as he would show up unannounced at his home, or those long conversations they had had when he had went off to Virginia to work off shore for two years always ended with I love you and talk to you later. His father knew they were powerful words and used them because they were true, but they lit his sons eyes up unlike he ever saw them even when he gazed at Tabitha, but Judd knew none of this bouncing around in his father’s head but without a doubt he knew his father always loved him dearly and he strived to make him even prouder every chance he got, but death had come for him prematurely thought Judd, but death comes for us all does it not at that destined time? Judd remembered someone saying we begin dying as soon as we’re born. True in logic we’re born to die but what is so bad about death? Yes of course besides losing a loved one that could sum it all up. Yet having no pain, no crying, no suffering, living forever in the Kingdom of Heaven, everlasting life. God. Jesus Christ. Would he give up everything right here and now. His life, Tabitha, the money, the property, everything. End it all, where his life was heading toward anyway ever since he was born. Yes he would be hoping to see Tabitha in the Kingdom of Heaven and yes he would be united with his loved ones. His father. The idea was very tempting at the moment but his death watch had been wound just like everyone else’s when they were born and depending on how far God wound it would determine how much time he spent on Earth. The unknown is always frightening like taking a big green pill with no markings without knowing what it did. We all have taken this hypothetical pill and we’re waiting to see what will happen to us for that hypothetical pill stays with us until the very end.
Watermelon Days turned out no rain but infinite sunshine and families all around Paraloma and surrounding towns as well as far off as Texarkana came for the event. “Be careful now with them melons.” Billy Joel directed here and there to some young boys he had hustled up. “Careful now, I say careful!” Billy Joel standing in OshKosh B’Gosh overalls with his hands synched around the suspenders spat out a wad of tobacco juice. “There will be a real brawling if any of those melons get busted now.” Billy Joel’s 60th would be the 20th of July and he had lived out every year in Paraloma. Wouldn’t think of living anywhere else he would reply if asked. The boys continued unloading the trucks of their burdens. “All together now!” Billy Joel cried referring to the watermelons the boys were placing so far apart. “Prized melons at away.” He advised pointing toward a line formed at a picnic table off to itself to a couple and young boy toting a very large watermelon in a Radio Flyer. More folks came and Billy Joel directed and advised where he saw fit here and there. Judd waved at old man Billy Joel on his way to register his watermelon.
“Look who it is! Judd Crosslin. That’s a big damn melon you got there and it looks quite delicious.”
Judd smiled as he sat his watermelon down to register. “You can buy it after its taken first place.”
Laci Stevens laughed. “If it wins first place.”
“We will just have to wait and see but I already have a good idea.” He placed his watermelon in the bin now with a sheet of paper taped to it with his name on it and watermelon type. He turned to leave but Laci’s words stopped him.
“Then again you might have an edge over everyone your father did win last year.”
Judd hesitated before saying. “Yeah, you’re right.” Then hurried off.
Watermelon Days was always held on Road 243 next to the baseball diamond. The Watermelon Olympics were actually held on the baseball field while the flat clear area next to it is where most of the spectators roamed. Judd passed by lemonade stands, shaved ice and little shops with homemade souvenirs and the like. He picked up a lemonade for five cents and found a picnic table off to himself. He looked down at his watch. Tabitha would be meeting him pretty soon. He looked around just to pass the time. He recognized Fannie Mae Rogers that ran the Ice Cream Shoppe. A senior couple that had been friends of his dad. Off to one side he saw five or six kids. Upon further count he saw there were seven of them. Four girls and three boys. He saw something he liked very much. He felt how his heart seemed to be slowly rising from his chest. It was love he was feeling. Most people went about their day, their so important unimportant business never paying much attention to anything. Here he saw true friends. Happy children with that worry free look on their faces all kids seemed to lose around age thirteen or so. They were linked hand in hand in a circle spinning round and round. If one of them let go at least half of them would take a tumble but none of them would let go. He could see it in their faces. Something special was going on between them. He felt left out, an outsider. He had been a boy and enjoyed it and thought he would go back if God gave him power to do so.
Watermelon Days was an entire day event. There was the Watermelon Olympics which paired local teams against each other in the melon roll, melon-toss, seed spitting contest and the all but welcome watermelon eating contest. It was one of those days kids would never forget forty years down the road. There had been Watermelon Days before this particular one and would be many more after. For the kids that attended this years in the summer of 1960 would undoubtedly say this one was the best as of present. We could assume it was some of the best weather that day, or it could have been Tabitha Mellows beautiful breast popping out of her tank top during the melon roll, maybe even been that Papa Bill had snaked a water hose to the well behind the men’s and women’s restroom and limped around spraying any kid in sight, some allowing him to splash them, or it could have been Russell Prewl. He had showed up in one article of clothing. Tight dark-green shorts with one white strip running down each side. His chalky pale skin was so bright. He looked very much like he’d been rolling around in talcum powder. Seriously. His dark sunglasses hid his light brown probing eyes. Shade was nonexistent on the field where most of the spectators had set up large beach umbrellas and just to amuse himself Russell Prewl imagined everyone in bathing suits. Nothing too revealing though. No that wouldn’t do. He watched Judd bring in First place for weight of his melon. He enjoyed watching the seed spitting contest as well as the melon roll and watermelon eating contest. Russell Prewl was having a great time. Everything seemed to be going his way. Now that the watermelon eating queen was crowned for the first time, anyone wanting free watermelon could come up and get some. The day was almost coming to a close. Yes it was a fine day indeed until Russell Prewl saw his mother. The gazebo was dead center of the outfield beside the baseball diamond. The Esther boys were playing one of their originals. It was a beautiful country song about a maiden waiting on her husband a soldier to return from war. Russell Prewl was way in back but he could clearly see his mother. She was in that same horrible position she had died in. She was crouched low to the ground, ass sticking in the air. Something was totally strange. A large scorpion tail was protruding from her asshole. She was scuttling quickly across the grass. She had no eyes but yet she could see him, he just knew it. Russell Prewl went barreling through the crowd hollering. “Don’t let her get me! Don’t let her get me! Please!” He pushed his way through the crowd knowing he couldn’t hide. The Esther brothers continued on playing. His mother was almost upon him now.
“No! Don’t!” He cried. Shying away and tripped over someone. Now many people were staring at him sprawled on the ground in his green shorts with the white strips.
“No!” It couldn’t be his mother but yet it appeared to be her. She scuttled onto him legs and hands feeling prickly. The stinger flew high into the air.
“It’s me mother!” He screamed. He jumped, bucked and writhed each time the stinger plunged into him. The Ester brothers finally stopped playing as he blacked out.

CHAPTER 8

They all met down in the bottoms like always the day after Watermelon Days. They were all itching to talk about it. Jimmy started the conversation.
“Have you ever seen anything like that? I wonder what happened to him.” 
“Was that guy crazy or something?” Said James Dean
“No. We heard he had a seizure or something. Yes but it was weird how he was screaming out mother no! It really looked like something was really hitting him.” Anna Bell said.
“Yes it was really weird.” Ellen Rose agreed.
“You think it was a ghost or something?” Abby Gail asked.
“It wasn’t nothing like that.” Jimmy said quickly. “Ain’t no such thing as ghost, monsters, or spooks. I done told you already. That guy was just crazy. It would have been funny if he hadn’t fainted because I thought he was dead.”
“Let’s forget about that.” Ellen Rose said. “Let’s have fun today. Aren’t we supposed to be building a clubhouse?” 
Lily eyes brightened. “I know exactly where to get some material for our clubhouse. On my trail I found some lumber someone just left lying around.”
“Where is your trail?”
“We can get to it from taking a short cut from that trail on the side of the bridge going toward the other side of Paraloma.” Lily said. 
There was silence for a split second then Anna Bell and Abby Gail said. “There is no way. We can’t go on the other side of Paraloma!”
“Me neither.” Ellen Rose said. “I was told by my mother not to go anywhere near the other side. If I was to cross that bridge I would be in more trouble than in my entire life. That’s what my mother told me.”
“So she didn’t give you any explanation on why not to go? What about ya’ll?” James Dean asked Abby Gail and Anna Bell. They just shrugged their shoulders.
“Bull crap!” Jimmy proclaimed. “Let me tell you something white folks are afraid to go to the other side of Paraloma because of what happened last time some white folks went over there.”
James Dean and Rufus laughed.
“It ain’t funny. My grandpa told me he was one of the men that was in the lynch mob. They had chased the black man from his job at the mill to the main bridge that crosses over by the ball park. My grandpa said he’d never seen a human being run so fast. Somehow he must have known they were coming he shot out the back door with his head down and didn’t look back once. Someone fired their rifle and he fell as if dead but sprung right back up without missing a step. My grandpa said he remembered there being very little light. The sun was setting fast. They chased him all the way to the main bridge. Grandpa said the only reason he’s still alive today is because once they got onto the bridge, which is very bumpy in an automobile he fell off the pickup and hit his head. It was nothing serious but enough to not get him back on the truck, so the boys went with his blessing and never came back. It had been six of them. He said while he was walking home he swear he heard gunfire. Anyway the men never made it home. The next day their body parts were found floating in the Saline River with a dark black substance smeared over most of the body parts. It was gorilla shit, so was born the Black Gorilla Monster.”
“Come on you serious?” James Dean and Rufus said together.
“Word for word what was told to me from my grandpa so that was it. No one tried to figure out exactly what happened just blamed it on a monster. Some local men got riled up and demanded the sheriff do something about it as far as they were concerned the blacks had lynched the lynch mob and as some type of African voodoo smeared shit all over them and chopped them to pieces. So the sheriff sent two of his deputies and the local men that volunteered to go find the murdering black bastards.”
“Really?” The gang said.
“Word for word.” Jimmy said. Trying not to laugh, it was just the way they were looking at him.
“Just let me finish.” Jimmy said.
“Yea just let him finish I have a feeling I want to hear all of this.” James Dean said sarcastically. 
“The sheriff at that time demanded they did not go but couldn’t lock them all up. In all seventeen men left, not a single one came back and the Saline River was called the Red River for about two days straight. The same thing occurred again like a horror movie. Body parts smeared in gorilla shit floated down the river. Even losing two men the sheriff was too scared. He ordered everyone to forget about it. He was not going to cross over that bridge. So for sure someone was killing those men. They all had weapons so it’s a mystery how someone could have killed every single one of them.”
“Well whatever happened they deserved it. Trying to lynch an innocent man.” James Dean said.
“How do you know he was innocent?” Jimmy asked. 
Everyone looked at James Dean.
“My grandpa told me before he died he remembered that day well because he and Carlton had been down in Ben Lomond all day fishing. The same day someone said they saw Carlton sneaking out of that white ladies house.”
“So Carlton was his name the man they were going to lynch?” Anna Bell asked. 
“Yes.” James Dean said. 
“So what happened he really didn’t do it?” Jimmy asked.
“My grandpa wouldn’t lie about something like that.”
 “Do You know what happened to Carlton?” Abby Gail asked.
James Dean picked up some stones and started trying to hit an old Pepsi can someone had left on the ground.
“I don’t know he never told me and as far as I know no one ever heard from him again. That’s scary leaving your hometown, your family, everything. Anyway we done got off the subject you can come to the other side of Paraloma. The Black Gorilla Monster ain’t real and even if it was those men were looking to kill Carlton. You all wanna kill someone?” James Dean asked.
Ellen Rose, Abby Gail and Anna Bell shook their head no.
“Then ya’ll come on, ya’ll don’t have nothing to worry about.”
“Yeah it’s not that far.” Lily said.
James Dean wanted to laugh. The look on the girls faces appeared as if they had just talked them into sitting down in the electric chair.
The friends made their way over to the bridge by the big oak tree. It took a few minutes for the girls to go. If Jimmy hadn’t crossed over and they saw that no monster apparated to tear him limb from limb and shit on him they may have never came. After a couple more promises of ice cream cones the deal was done. Abby Gail, Anna bell and Ellen Rose crossed over onto the other side of Paraloma. 
Russell Prewl watched the kids walk by he could get every last one of them right now if he wanted to. There wasn’t a soul around. He had recovered from his episode at Watermelon Days. He had never experienced anything like it. He knew his mother was dead but yet she had come back and he had the slightest clue why. He knew she wasn’t alive it was just stress of some sort that had him dreaming awake. He got out of his car and followed the kids. They weren’t paying attention to shit. They were all playing outside. There was a little girl that caught Russell Prewl eye. She stayed outside while the other kids went into the house. He knew he wouldn’t have much time. He quietly walked up behind the little girl as she was playing. He didn’t have time for sweet talk today even though he had the sweetest tongue you’ve ever heard. They would be back outside shortly. He towered over her from behind as she crouched playing with dolls in the grass. He think she may have seen his shadow but it was too late. He clamped his right hand over her mouth and began to drag her backwards. Out of the yard towards the Cadillac he had stole over in Cowlingsville. He dumped her in the trunk and jumped smoothly into the drivers seat unaware the girls father happened to be next door looking out a window at a kicking, struggling blonde haired girl that looked very similar to his daughter.
Russell Prewl sped off so he didn’t see the man come running outside yelling his daughters name. He didn’t see her brothers come outside saying she was just playing in the yard or the girls father jumping in his pickup with the shotgun across the back window and yelling at his boys to stay inside. For Russell Prewl things were about to get bad.
The stolen Cadillac rolled down 237 West Street. It rocked, rolled and swayed in a way that would have put a baby to sleep. However the girl in the spacious trunk was wide awake. She was disoriented having the slightest idea of where she was going. It hadn’t taken her long to realize she was inside of a car trunk. Russell Prewl cracked a smile as he took a hit from his joint. Everything was going well. He had grabbed the little girl in Ben Lomond just the town over. It hadn’t been anything he had planned on doing. Sometimes his urges just got the best of him. He checked his sides and rearview mirror. There was a truck coming up fast behind him. The man was hanging out of the window screaming which caught Russell Prewl off guard and rammed the truck into the back of the Cadillac. Russell Prewl lost control and flew around into the ditch on the side of the road. The man jumped out of the truck with a shotgun. 
“Give her back!” He screamed.
“God damnit!” Russell Prewl threw the door open of the Cadillac and rolled out onto the ground. He could see the man approaching with a shotgun. 
“I swear by God I’ma kill you dead! I’ma shoot your head off if you just don’t give her back.” The man said. 
Russell Prewl crouched behind his Cadillac and pulled his .38 out of his waistband. The sun was beaming, it felt like he was sitting on top of a furnace. He had his doubts. Maybe he had went too far. 
“Come out God damnit! Just give me back my daughter!”
Russell Prewl peered over the Cadillac. “Put the shotgun down!”
“Give me back my daughter! She’s all I got!” The man yelled.
Russell Prewl drew a bead on the man this was one mistake, he never thought he would have to use it, it was still on safety and the man pulled the trigger of the shotgun blasting the upper part of his body. He fell over blood pouring from his body. The man ran over pulling open the back door of the Cadillac.
“Kaile! Where are you!”
“I’m in here dad, please help me!” Kaile screamed. 
Kaile’s dad ran over to the trunk. “I’ll get you out baby just hold on one second.”
Kaile’s dad turned around to find the keys that’s when he saw Russell Prewl leaning on one elbow looking up at him .38 raised. He fired twice into the mans head ending his life. Russell Prewl could feel his right shoulder burning he got up and headed slowly towards the back of the Cadillac he inserted the key and popped the trunk. The little girl screamed and kicked out at him. He looked her dead in the eyes and shot her twice in the chest.
After walking through Lily’s trail the gang crossed back onto the other side of Paraloma by Sammy’s Fix-Er-Up. They all heard the crash when the man ran into the back end of Russell Prewl’s stolen Cadillac. They saw everything. The men shooting each other. When Russell Prewl shot two shots into the trunk of the Cadillac. They saw him stick a rag into the gas tank and light it up with his Bic. James Dean wanted to do something but had the slightest idea of what to do and was scared, very scared. All of them were. They saw the man sit there for a moment watching the flames flicker and lapping downward into the gas tank. He sat there watching the Cadillac for a moment then he walked away just as the car blew up shooting fireballs. 
Russell Prewl ran towards the side of the road. He knew there was a trail behind Sammy’s Fix-Er-Up. This had went worse than bad and he needed to get out of the area quickly. He ran around the back past the tire mound that’s when he thought he heard something. He ran further down and looked over through the trail and saw James Dean and Ellen Rose looking back at him.
The gang took off running. James Dean as well as Ellen Rose spotted Russell Prewl as he was looking dead at them. The kids ran to the bottoms as fast as they could. 
“We have to hide, he’s coming!” Lily screamed
The gang hid in a grove of bushes, waiting, anticipating just when they thought they were safe Russell Prewl appeared down the trail. Sweat pouring down his face. He held the pistol in his hand in a death grip. His knuckles were skeleton white.
“I know you little fuckers are out here! Come out and I won’t tell your parents.”
Ellen Rose looked at James Dean, she was scared the man would kill them.
“I’ve seen him before Ellen Rose whispered. I think he knows my dad. What can we do?”
“Nothing.” James Dean said.
Russell Prewl’s first thought had been to disappear. That little boy and girl had saw him. They could describe both cars even though he had stolen it. They had saw too much. They would believe them. He remembered the red heads father. He would believe his daughter and go straight to the police. He did not have an alibi. He still had the pistol in his hand. He walked over to The Creek and tossed it in. He had to find those kids and find them fast. They couldn’t’ have gone too far. When he found them he would kill them. Drown them so it didn’t seem too suspicious.
“I will go to your house and kill your family! I swear to God! I swear to God I will, now come out!”
James Dean had to hold onto Ellen Rose. She was actually going to go out there!
“He’s going to kill our families!” Ellen Rose whispered.
“He will kill us if he finds us. We must make it to your house and get the police. They will help us.”
James Dean looked up out of the bushes and saw Russell Prewl staring right at him. He slapped his hand over Ellen Rose mouth.
“Hey you! Get out of there! Get over here!”
“Run!” James Dean roared. Kids ran in all directions. Russell Prewl zeroed in on James Dean and Ellen Rose. They ran hand in hand. He dashed right after them. They were running wildly. Then all of a sudden they split up. He would catch the boy. He had to. He knew where the girl stayed. He would deal with her and her parents if need be. The boy was fast. He was losing ground. They passed the Big Oak Tree and the little bastard ran across the bridge to the other side of Paraloma. Russell Prewl stopped dead in his tracks and gave James Dean a death stare. James Dean heard him stop. He turned around and looked at the man chasing him. “So you think I’m scared little boy? I am not afraid of any boy or man!” He slowly inched onto the bridge. “And especially not of some fairy tale Gorilla Monster!” The chase began again. James Dean jumped over broken limbs, rocks, and pinecones. He knew he was fast but he was getting tired and could hear the man behind him. Russell Prewl laughed as he ran. A spooky laugh.  “You won’t get away!” He cried. The giant creature rampaged out of the woods. Trees fell as it barreled straight toward the man and boy. Russell Prewl gawked and his bones turned into Jell-O. James Dean looked on in disbelief and tried to run at the same time.
The Black Gorilla Monster was at least eight feet tall. It looked just like that a gorilla, but it had large claws on its hands and feet and teeth like a saber-tooth. Russell Prewl screamed and tried to run away. He twisted and kicked to no avail. The Black Gorilla Monster grabbed him, bit into his chest and ripped his body into half. “Oh shit!” James Dean screamed. This can’t be happening he thought.
However the Black Gorilla Monster only looked at him and silently merged back into the shadows. James Dean had unknowingly fell onto the ground. As he got up, shaking he quickly made his way home. He just couldn’t believe what he had just saw. The rest of the gang had made it safely home. Things went on normally in Paraloma. The friends never told anyone about what they witnessed. James Dean told his friends about the Black Gorilla Monster. How it was real and how it had saved him. Sheriff Bates never solved any of the child murders. The gang however was sure Russell Prewl was to blame. There weren’t anymore child murders after his disappearance. James Dean and Ellen Rose got married in 1967 at the AME Methodist Church by Pastor L. Willis. They are living happily ever after.  There’s no longer a Fannie Mae Ice Cream Shoppe in Paraloma, Arkansas as of present. However there is a Country Store where it used to be. There you still can find seven good friends that meet every Sunday and reminisce over the good times and thank God for the blessing he has bestowed upon them and letting them in their old age return to where it all began. The Promised Land.
