A Hot, Bright Light

by William Zanzinger

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2013 William Zanzinger

http://www.williamzanzinger.com/

The moral right of the author is asserted.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thankyou for respecting the work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means whether electrical or mechanical, now known or hereafter invented, without the express written permission of williamzanzinger.com.

Cover photograph Copyright Herval. Reproduced under licence.

Table of Contents
A Hot, Bright Light
Also by William Zanzinger
Contact the author

By the same author:

Filthy Night
Death of a Messenger




A HOT, BRIGHT LIGHT

Bonnie said, ‘A woman came to see you today.’
St Cloud stopped, a forkful of linguine held just below his mouth. ‘What sort of a woman?’
‘I don’t know. She was nice.’ 
‘Nice in what way? Fuckable nice?’
‘You’re so bad.’
‘Yes yes. Well?’
‘Nicely spoken. BBC English.’
‘Oh.’
She said mischievously, ‘Doesn’t that count?’
‘Not in isolation. It can contribute.’
‘Well, then you’ll have to see. She wants you to go and see her.’
‘Me? Why?’
‘Because she has a problem.’
‘What kind of problem?’
‘Actually it isn’t her who has the problem. It’s her friend.’
St Cloud ate the linguine. He let it go down and followed it with a glass of cheap Chardonnay. They were economising, this afternoon. He said,
‘Are you sure?’
‘Sure of what?’
‘Sure it was her friend who had the problem. Or was it one of those so-called friends people make up when they want to pretend it’s not them. Like when people tell you their friend fancies you.’
She wrinkled her nose. ‘Do they?’
‘Yes. Didn’t you know?’
‘No. People normally just tell me– ’
‘Yes, yes I get it.’ He got it. ‘What is “the friend’s” problem, anyhow?’
‘The friend has lost somebody.’
‘Is that all?’
‘Yes.’
‘Lost somebody because they died? Didn’t you tell her – they have nice places called funeral parlours where people say a lot of soothing things about worlds that don’t exist and then you can go and set fire to the remains.’
‘Don’t joke. That’ll be you, someday.’
‘I want a Viking funeral. One of those where they set fire to a boat and send the body out to sea.’
‘You’ll probably end under floorboards.’
‘Only if I really piss you off.’
‘I didn’t say our floorboards. Anyway, it isn’t that kind of losing somebody. The friend has lost somebody who’s still alive.’
‘What does that have to do with me?’
‘She didn’t say, exactly.’
‘What was her name?’
‘Keppel. Miss Keppel.’
‘Miss?’
‘Dirty dog.’ She got up and walked to the window. ‘I told her you’d go and see her this evening.’
‘You did? Why on earth would you?’
‘I thought you’d want me to.’
He said provocatively, ‘It doesn’t sound like proper work.’
She replied, ‘You don’t know that.’
He said, ‘I thought you hated me doing that kind of work. Especially if it isn’t proper work.’
‘I do.’
‘Well, then – ’
‘I’m going out with friends, anyway.’
‘Oh.’
‘Don’t say “oh” like that.’
‘Oh.’
She put her plate down.
He said, ‘Don’t you want any more?’
‘You have it.’
He sighed, pulled the plate towards him, and polished it off. He said, ‘You eat like a sparrow. A beautiful sparrow.’
‘I’m just not hungry at the moment.’
‘You keep saying that. Don’t tell me any nonsense about you being fat or I shall force feed it to you.’
‘It’s not that.’
‘What is it, then?’
‘It’s nothing.’
‘Oh.’
‘Don’t say “oh” like that.’
‘Oh.’
‘Miss Keppel wants you there at eight o’clock. 157 Dante Gardens, SW something, 3 I think.’
‘Miss Keppel will find me punctual and attentive. I hope it’s not one of those cases where her husband went out to buy a pint of milk in 1967 and never came back.’
She got up. ‘It isn’t. I’ve remembered. It’s a girl.’
‘A girl?’
‘Yes. That’s who she’s looking for.’ She got up from the table. ‘I’ll be late home.’
She stood for a while and looked out of the window. He finished her linguine. Other people’s leftovers never taste quite as good as they ought to.


Earl’s Court station is a curious place. It is the confluence of five different incarnations of the District Line, and boy, is it confusing for the uninitiated. For a start it is neither outside nor inside, being instead a cavernous, cold tin shed. In this way it is like a concentration camp. And not just in this way: like one of those places, people are not really there by choice; they have been corralled. Each of them has been firmly and masterfully told to “take the first available train and change at Earl’s Court”. So the result is a lot of frightened sheep and a smorgasbord of train tracks running hither and zither. All this could be ameliorated by a little rigour, but unlike other tube stations Earl’s Court eschews modern electronic displays for an eccentric business involving a long list of potential destinations for the next train and a spectral white arrow appearing alongside, apparently without rhyme or reason. All this might add up to a lot of charm but some hidden miasma within the place makes everyone feel cold and disenchanted. This might have something to do with the fact that the tin shed has become the hub of a lot of nasty things: the old rich, the new poor, the old spivs and the new chavs, men with wide ties and narrow hips, women with thin noses and fat ankles; and Australians. These last are ubiquitous, coming to visit the elderly relative and offering what visitors do – decent grapes but shitty conversation.
Once outside the station St Cloud negotiated the road outside and crossed into Dante Gardens. It was August, and London was bright and tired, and all around were those pretty girls with lots of skin who magically turn ugly in autumn and go hibernate in winter. He picked up an Evening Standard from the free stand and pined for the old days when it cost something and was worth something. He scanned the front page, pretty usual fare: exaggerations about how hot the tube trains were getting, a photo of St James’s Park crammed tight with sunbathers, a man with a blanket on his head going into Bow Street. He had a quick scan of the caption of the latter to see if it was one of his old cases, but it was just one of the blaggers charged with the Blake Hollis business back in the spring. He folded the paper over and tucked it into the pocket of his jacket, so that it hung there square and thick, like he did it every day of the week.
Dante Gardens is a wide, short avenue full of old redbrick mansion blocks, with wide front gardens and wide front doors, and 4 x 4s built to climb the rocky tracks to the Berchtesgaden Alps jammed up against one another in the flat, smooth street – bumper to fat bumper, like Botox queens kissing. He found 157, picked up the entry phone, and said, ‘Miss Keppel, please.’
‘Mr St Cloud?’
He saw what Bonnie meant. It was a voice to whittle glass.
‘Yes.’
‘Take the lift to the top floor, please.’
‘You have a lift?’
‘Yes, please.’
The door gave a buzz and a click, and St Cloud opened it and found himself faced with another set of double doors. These were oak and solid and opening them was like doing a bench press. Once through he found himself in a square little lobby. The ceiling went halfway to heaven, the walls were papered in a stripy brown-and-gold-leaf affair, the floor was marble and polished clean, and between the latter two things was a skirting board that could have done service as a crash barrier. In the middle of all this stood the elevator, a gorgeous contraption of brass and polished wood, all gleaming panels and buttons hidden inside a brass metal cage, like Heath-Robinson might have dreamt up if he’d been born fifty years earlier and ten times richer than he was. Above in polished brass a square cage ran up through the ceiling. Surrounding this was a spiral staircase with a sweeping, curving wooden banister so buffed up he could have used it to powder his nose. He walked into the little elevator compartment and found buttons marked “Ground”, “2” and “3”. He guessed that the first floor had once been the servants’ quarters; nowadays a couple of millionaires would have to put up with walking the shopping bags up.
A sign on the outer door of the lift said: “Please remember to shut this door after use, or the lift will cease to operate when summoned”. St Cloud smiled. It was the politest – and most verbose – sign he had ever seen. He did as he was bade, pulled the outer door to, and pressed “3”. Nothing happened. Then he realised it wasn’t quite as automatic as all that. He reached out and grabbed a brass grille, and hauled it across to the other side, where it clicked into place. It was old and tired and only just about able to stretch enough to do the job. That made two of them. Then he pressed “3” once again, and finally, with a great wheeze, the lift headed upwards. Through the open sides St Cloud watched the outside fall past, with the pretty wallpaper and the curving staircase and the buffed up banister. Then with an ache it stopped, teetered for a second, and clicked a couple of times. He released the brass grille back to its retirement home, pushed open the door, just about remembered to shut-the-door-after-use-so-that-the-lift-would-not-cease-to-operate-when-summoned, and looked about him. To his left was the top of the spiral staircase. Above his head was a high, high ceiling and an old, fancy skylight, framing Venus. Beneath his feet was a thick terracotta carpet. And to his right was a door, and standing in the way of it was a woman.
She was about forty, with ramrod-straight black hair and no make up. She wore a dark green dress with bunched up shoulders and buttons in strange places. She had black eyes, a severe look, and a nose to hang a coat on. He took all this in, and reflected that one thing she certainly wasn’t was fuckable-nice, however elongated her vowels. He said,
‘Miss Keppel?’
She nodded, and said: ‘Come through, if you would.’
He would. She wore flat shoes and it added a couple of pounds to her calves, which were already like a couple of pink aubergines. When she walked she swung her arms a little, which wasn’t a problem because the hallway here was wide and easy. They passed a few doors, one open to an old-fashioned kitchen, one to a bathroom with a Butler sink and a stained glass window, and passed through the last into a large, dark sitting room. There were two old, matching chintzy sofas and a motley crowd of armchairs, and they all had white covers on them. On the walls there were pictures hanging from rails, all original oils with thick, buttressed frames, black and gloomy pre-Raphaelite renditions of firelight gospel tales, and they made the room feel like the lights were on a dimmer switch. They were probably worth a mint. St Cloud thought they were hideous. The rest of the room was gloomy, too: in between the paintings was a flood of vermilion wallpaper, and everywhere else there was dark, shiny wood: a mahogany dresser, a stained teak table, and a dumb waiter. The room was lit by a dim glow emanating from ornate little wall lights, and – despite it being August – an open, roaring fire. Seated next to this, in an armchair, was a woman.
She was pale-skinned, white haired, and supremely old. She had tremendous wrinkles: it looked to St Cloud like somebody had tried to fold each cheek over, like a piece of paper; each had a crease so thick you could push a pencil down it. Her neck, hidden behind pearls, was smooth and rubbery like a chicken’s. She wore a black shawl around her shoulders, which covered a thick fabric dress, about three sizes too big for her; escaping from it were two white hands, wizened and scabrous and decorated with rings, and two stick-thin legs ending in thin slippers. On a table to the side of her was a bottle of port and a half-empty glass. The old woman looked straight into the fire. 
Miss Keppel said, ‘This is Mr St Cloud.’
The eyes switched from the fire to the visitor, and then straight back again. Other than that the woman did not move.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Mr St Cloud, will you take a seat, and I will introduce you. This is Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. She is the lady who wishes to ask you to perform a service.’
St Cloud sat in the armchair opposite. Then he got up and took off his jacket. The fire flared a little. It was hot as Port-of-Spain. Miss Keppel took one of the sofas. She didn’t seem to notice the heat. For a minute or so they all looked at each other. Then St Cloud said:
‘You lost somebody, I hear.’
Miss Keppel nodded. ‘That’s correct. I called on you this afternoon. I met your – ’
He broke in, ‘That was Bonnie.’
‘Ah, yes. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd asked me to call on you. We were hoping you might be able to look for her.’
‘Her?’
‘A young lady.’
‘How did you come to lose her?’
The fire crackled. The old lady kept her eyes on it. Miss Keppel said, ‘Well, she came to be here with us, for a while. Since May 23rd.’
‘She lived with you?’
‘She worked for Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd.’
‘She didn’t live with you?’
‘Yes.’
St Cloud loosened his collar. If the Keppel woman didn’t speed it up he was going to melt. He snapped:
‘Yes she did live with you or yes she didn’t live with you?’
‘She worked here, principally, for Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. But she also lived in.’
St Cloud furrowed his brow. ‘I didn’t think people had servants, any more.’
Miss Keppel said coldly: ‘You misunderstand, Mr St Cloud. The girl worked here, and as part of her remuneration she received board and lodging. It was a convenient arrangement for us and for the girl herself.’
‘What kind of work are we talking about?’
‘She performed secretarial duties to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. It was a not unimportant position.’
St Cloud pushed his seat back from the fire. ‘This girl. I take it she doesn’t continue in this position any longer, whatever its importance.’
That got the bird, in somewhat understated fashion. Miss Keppel raised her eyebrows. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s eyes flicked towards him for a moment, and then went back to the fire.
Miss Keppel said, ‘She left quite suddenly, a fortnight ago.’
‘Exactly a fortnight ago?’
‘More or less. It was the 4th August. A Wednesday.’
Fifteen days ago. St Cloud said, ‘When you say she left quite suddenly, that isn’t the same as you having lost her. Maybe she didn’t want to continue.’ He almost said, “Maybe she got fed up with that bloody fire.”
Miss Keppel replied, ‘Oh no, Mr St Cloud. We’re quite sure that isn’t the case. She left so suddenly, you see.’
He remarked, ‘People are allowed to leave their jobs. Unless you’re running a sugar plantation or a chain gang.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘No, no. The girl gave no impression of either wanting to leave or being about to.’
‘The proof I suggest was in the pudding. She did leave, didn’t she?’
‘Yes, I’m afraid she did. Without a word.’
‘No bust-up? You didn’t chuck her a P45?’
‘No. Not at all.’
‘No arguments? You’re sure?’
‘None, I tell you. She went out during one evening – ’
‘August 4th?’
‘Yes. She did not return. We did not notice her absence until the following morning. We found no note, of any sort, and her bed had not been slept in.’
St Cloud sighed. This was going to be hot and terrible. He looked at the Keppel for a moment, then switched his attention to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. She carried on looking at the fire, so he gave her a long, hard stare. That didn’t change anything much, so he said:
‘This girl. Does she have a name?’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Her name is Alice. Alice Dolores.’
‘That’s a pretty name. Dolores the surname or another first name?’
The Keppel said, ‘No, no, that is her surname.’
‘“Dolores” is Spanish. She Spanish?’
‘No.’
‘Oh. Well, let’s move on. Where did Alice Dolores come from, before she came and worked for you?’
There was a look between the two women. It lasted all of half a second, but St Cloud noticed it all the same. Then Miss Keppel said, ‘She had done other secretarial work, I believe.’
‘You believe?’
‘Yes.’
‘How did she come to work for you?’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd placed an advertisement.’
St Cloud looked at the woman by the fire. ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd did that?’
Miss Keppel said, ‘That is correct.’
St Cloud switched back to her. ‘And what happened next?’
‘Alice wrote in response.’
St Cloud thought that was a pretty good lie. He didn’t know why they needed to lie about such a thing, but that little look told him they were lying their heads off, all the same. He raised a hand and fanned himself. 
‘This was May, you said?’
‘May 23rd, yes.’
‘You have any other responses to the advertisement?’
They shared another look, and Miss Keppel said, ‘No. She was the only one.’
‘So you offered her the job?’
‘We interviewed her before we offered her the position.’
‘You do that?’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd did that.’
‘Where did you interview her for this’ – he almost said “not unimportant”, but stopped himself – ‘position?’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Here in this sitting room. She seemed perfect.’
St Cloud shifted in his chair, and looked around him. From above the firelit pre-Raphaelites preached dark homilies. He pushed his chair back a little further. That fire was a fucker, and no mistake.
He asked, ‘Perfect in what way?’
‘In every way.’
He chewed this over, decided it was bullshit, and ploughed on.
‘And was she perfect, when she started work? How did she like it?’
‘She appeared to enjoy it.’
‘She appeared to?’
‘She enjoyed it.’
‘The secretarial duties?’
‘All of her duties.’
‘Okay.’ 
Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd threw the slightest glance in his direction. The eyes were old and rheumy, and full of the dancing firelight. St Cloud said:
‘I’m a little confused. You’ll have to forgive me. If Alice Dolores worked here for you, then that’s fine. If she stopped working for you and went somewhere else, then that’s fine, too. But something isn’t fine, or I wouldn’t be here. Are you saying this Alice Dolores is missing, absent without leave, gone west?’
Again the two women exchanged glances. Then Miss Keppel said, ‘That’s correct.’
‘Well, in that case, have you told the police?’
‘No.’
‘Why not?’
‘We didn’t feel – ’ Miss Keppel looked to the floor, ‘we didn’t feel as if it was our place, somehow. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd is only her employer, after all.’
‘Anybody can report a person missing, you know.’
‘We didn’t feel as if we should.’
That didn’t make a lot of sense, either. He wondered if he was just being thicker than usual. But something was up: the Keppel looked at the floor, and Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was so rapt by the fire it might have been the final reel of Vertigo. So he decided it was probably them, after all.
‘On what are you basing the fact that she’s missing? That she didn’t turn up for work one morning.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Well, she certainly didn’t. She would have called us. She often went out in the evenings. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd had explained that if she was delayed anywhere, or unable to get home, that she should call.’ She looked up at St Cloud, and said momentously, ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd received no such call.’
That seemed thinner than the skin on those white hands. He asked, ‘Why did you call for me?’
Miss Keppel said, ‘We were led to understand that enquiries might be made. We were given your name by a mutual acquaintance.’
He looked around at the hideous paintings, at the dark wood furniture, at the old corpse by the fire and said, disbelievingly, ‘A mutual acquaintance?’
 ‘Yes. I understand you had done some work for them.’
‘This mutual acquaintance has a name?’
‘They would prefer it was reserved, at this stage.’
Like hell they did. St Cloud ran a hand through his hair. He wondered if anything in this conversation wasn’t going to be a curveball. He said, trying to keep the irritation out of his voice, ‘What did your mutual acquaintance say? “St Cloud knows where to find girls”?’
Miss Keppel wrinkled her nose, as if she’d noticed her roast pheasant was a little high. ‘Really, Mr St Cloud. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was informed that you used to work for the Metropolitan Police, in one of the civilian departments. It is also noted that you had something of a distinguished career.’
He snorted. ‘Well, objectively speaking, that may be correct. But it’s a little like saying the Titanic had a damned impressive journey before it hit an iceberg.’
There was a silence. He continued:
‘And it doesn’t completely explain why you called me. The work I do,’ – he bit his lip – ‘the work I used to do – was in the less traditional areas of police work. Finding wayward secretaries isn’t really in it – so to speak.’
Miss Keppel said:
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was informed that during your distinguished career, you had developed something of a speciality in the finding of missing persons.’
‘Ah.’
St Cloud gave a wry smile.
‘It was thus natural that she should send me to call on you, in this hour of need.’
He wondered whether he ought to tell them that this great speciality in finding “missing persons” involved archaeology, ground-penetrating radar and dogs that were trained to get find the scent of decomposing flesh. Or that the only missing persons he had ever found had been rotting or crumbling to dust. He decided it probably wouldn’t assist the conversation. Instead he said,
‘Have you tried the conventional ways first?’
‘As I said, we haven’t reported it to the police.’
‘I was thinking of simpler ways. Phoning her, for instance, or sending her an email.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘There would be a difficulty with that course of action.’
He thought of the Keppel calling on him in person, and had a sudden thought. ‘Don’t tell me you don’t have a phone?’
‘Of course. But I’m afraid Alice does not.’
‘No cellphone? I mean a mobile phone?’
‘No. She did not use one.’
‘You’re kidding. ’
‘No.’
‘I thought even the hill-tribes of the Andes have bluetooth, these days.’
‘Not Alice.’
He chewed this over. ‘How old is Alice, Miss Keppel?’
‘Twenty-three.’
That made the whole phone thing ridiculous, of course. He asked, ‘What about on a computer? Did she send emails, or use Facebook or Twitter or another of those things?’
Again Miss Keppel shook her head. ‘We do not have such a thing here in the flat.’
‘She didn’t have a laptop?’
‘No.’
He said, disbelievingly, ‘Not even an ipod?’
‘That is a musical device, I believe. No, she had no such thing.’
He was flabbergasted. He looked between the old women and wondered if that little elevator had taken him back to some distant age, where nobody had any fun and people talked in tongues. He asked, half in desperation, ‘Is it possible she had these things, and you didn’t see them?’
‘No.’
‘I thought she did secretarial duties. She did that without email, or a word processor?’
‘Alice’s task was principally to organise Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s letters and her other archive material into files.’
‘Computer files?’
‘Paper files. Proper, bound files.’
‘Oh.’ He wondered what was so damned special about Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s letters that they needed such attention. ‘What about when she went out? Did she use internet cafés, that kind of thing?’
Miss Keppel replied, ‘She may have visited such places. Neither Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd nor myself would be aware of whether she did or didn’t. Alice was not forthcoming about how she spent her evenings. However, most of the time she was here.’
St Cloud asked, ‘Here? What did she do, watch TV?’
‘We do not – ’
‘ – have one of those, either. I saw that coming.’
‘She spent most evenings in her room, reading books.’
‘They must have been page-turners. What about her friends? Did she bring any of them back here?’
‘That was a condition of employment.’
‘That she brought them all home for group games?’
‘That she did not.’
‘Oh. Well, who did she go out with, mix with?’
‘I’m afraid I am unable to tell you. I did not meet any of Alice’s friends. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd would be unable to answer also.’
St Cloud looked at the old lady in the chair for some kind of confirmation, but didn’t get any. He wondered what was in it for the Keppel, being this vicarious agent for the half-dead. Maybe she got paid a fortune. Maybe she got to inherit the flat. He gave up with the old woman and turned properly to the other. He asked:
‘Why don’t you just get another secretary?’
Miss Keppel said evenly, ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd prefers to continue with Alice.’
‘Unfortunately Alice didn’t seem to feel the same way.’ He wiped sweat from his brow. ‘Okay, perhaps we can move this along a little. Do you have a photo of this girl?’
Miss Keppel got up and crossed to a piece of furniture on the side of the room. ‘Only one, I’m afraid. She supplied it along with her particulars when she applied for the position.’ She came back, clutching a small, passport sized photograph, which she handed to St Cloud. It was blurry and it showed a girl with mousey, collar-length hair, square black-framed little spectacles and a look of bored neutrality. Miss Keppel said, ‘I’m afraid it is not the best likeness. Her hair is quite changed, now. And she doesn’t wear the glasses.’
St Cloud said, ‘Don’t you have a better one?’
‘I’m afraid not.’
The way things had gone he should be grateful it wasn’t a miniature, or a pencil sketch. He had another look at the photo. There was enough in it to recognise the girl, he decided, if he ever came face to face with her. He looked back up and from one of the women to the other. This went on for about a minute. Then the fire crackled and his resolve broke.
He said roughly, ‘Okay, let’s get this straight. You want me to look for a girl who may or may not be missing, who doesn’t have a phone or email, and the only way I know what she looks like is an old, blurry photograph that could be pretty much anybody. Is that right?’
Miss Keppel and Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd shared glances. Miss Keppel said, ‘Well, I – ’
A voice croaked: ‘Please.’
They both turned to look at the old woman. The voice was faint, and rattled like gravel in a tombola. She puckered her lips a couple of times and stuck St Cloud with an icy glare. She said:
‘Mr St Cloud, you are a young man – ’
‘Hardly – ’
‘Please. A clever young man, no doubt. You must try to understand what we have told you. Alice came into my home to assist me. She came to support me. In this regard she was an excellent help, really she was. You will think me foolish when I say what I am about to. You will think me old-fashioned, no doubt, and laughable. I took a liking to the girl. A liking. I felt a liking for her. I do not know if that assimilates in your world, your very different world, in this year and in this century. But you must understand. Her disappearance – for that is what it was, Mr St Cloud, a sudden disappearance, there was no resignation, this was not a choice – grieves me inordinately. I do not feel culpable. I do not feel constructive in this event. No. I feel only grief. Do you understand? Only grief. I wish the girl to return. I am sure if she were found, she would return.’
There was silence. He murmured, ‘How can you be so sure?’
‘Oh, I felt a very great warmth for her. A very great warmth. When she understands that a little more deeply, I am sure she will return. When you find her you will tell her, tell her of the warmth which I feel. You see, she must return, she really must.’
She slumped back in the chair. The fire roared on. St Cloud had had warmth enough for one evening. He said, ‘You seem very confident she’ll be found.’
The old woman nodded shakily, and mouthed, ‘I am.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘She must rest, now.’
St Cloud said, ‘Okay,’ then, without knowing why he added, ‘I will look for Alice.’
The old lady formed the ghost of a smile.
Miss Keppel said, ‘That would be excellent.’
He said, ‘You might not think so when you see the bill. I charge £500 a day plus expenses. Don’t ask how many days or what kind of expenses, because right now I don’t know what they will be.’
Miss Keppel looked across to the other, but the old eyes were fixed fast on the flames. She looked back at St Cloud and said, ‘Yes. That will be satisfactory.’
He rose to his feet. ‘Before we shake hands and sign contracts I have two questions. Firstly, is this girl tall, short, fat, thin?’
Miss Keppel said, ‘She is around five feet six, slim, with long blonde hair. It’s quite a lot blonder than that in the photograph, I’m afraid. Oh, and she has blue eyes, pale blue eyes.’
Long blonde hair and pale blue eyes sounded like the best thing he’d heard all evening. He nodded, and said: ‘Secondly, I’d like to see her room.’
 Miss Keppel said, ‘I’ll show you.’


He got shown back down the passageway to a door he hadn’t taken much notice of on the way in. He opened it and wandered in. Miss Keppel hung behind like a basset hound, the kind with sad faces you want to throttle. The room was small and square and had no windows. The only thing in its favour was the fact there was no fire. In one corner was a single bed which was nicely made up – awaiting the lamb’s return to the fold – and opposite this a small chest of drawers and an old monolith of a wardrobe, the kind children find lions and witches in. There was an unframed mirror on the wall, a small plain rug on the parquet flooring, a square light below a ceiling rose. Other than this the room was bare. It was a zillion miles from the Old Curiosity Shop down the hallway. There were no ornaments, and no photographs, none of the zigzags or jigsaws of life. Miss Keppel said,
‘All Alice’s clothes are in those drawers. Oh, and she has some in the wardrobe.’
St Cloud asked, ‘What was she wearing when she went?’
‘I’m afraid I don’t know.’
‘What about the old lady?’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was absent on the evening Alice went out.’
St Cloud remarked, ‘That doesn’t make it easier, of course.’ He scrabbled in his pocket for a pen and a small, bent over notepad. ‘You said she was twenty-three. Do you have a date of birth for her?’
‘2nd October 1989.’
He wrote it down. He asked, ‘Did she have a dentist, do you know?’
That baffled the Keppel. ‘A dentist? No, well – I don’t know, not really.’
‘She didn’t use Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s, then?’
‘Oh, no.’
No doubt Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s dentist had a name that started with “Sir” and a price list that read like Google’s profits. He said, ‘What about yours?’
She flushed. ‘Alice never mentioned such things.’
He took this all evenly, and said, ‘While we’re on the subject of her dental health, have you still got her toothbrush?’
She nodded. ‘Yes. It’s in the cabinet in the small bathroom.’
‘You have two bathrooms?’
‘Yes.’
‘Fine. What about a hairbrush?’
She shook her head. ‘I don’t think so. That would probably be in Alice’s handbag. She kept that with her whenever she came and went.’
‘Okay. Did she have a doctor? A GP?’
She said, ‘Not that I know of.’
‘She was here almost three months. She never saw a doctor in that time?’
‘Not that I know of.’
‘Fine. Do you have anything of her’s, at all? Anything she wrote to you, her CV, her letter about the job, anything?’
‘Not exactly. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd might have retained such material. However – ’
She stopped.
St Cloud said, ‘Go on. You were about to “however” me.’
She hesitated, and looked from him to the floor. Then she looked back up and said, ‘I was only going to say that Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was very fond of the girl, and she might be reluctant to part with any such material.’
Her mouth settled back in a crooked line. St Cloud caught the cold blast of air. He thought about scratching some more, and decided it could wait. Instead he said,
‘Did Alice keep a diary?’
‘No.’
‘You didn’t ever see her write anything down?’
‘If she had done, I expect it will be in her handbag.’
‘Would she have done written work for the old lady, in all that file business? I’m looking for things where she might have touched paper or some other absorbent surface, or licked a stamp or two?’
‘Of course, there are the documents in Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s archives. But she would have handled those wearing cotton gloves.’
Nobody was going to make this easy, of course. He looked around the room, then decided to straighten things out a little. ‘Miss Keppel, this is where it gets a little harder, a little dirtier. Shortly I’m going to have a little search through Alice’s clothes and the other things in the room. It won’t take long. After that I have some advice for you. Some rather delicate advice.’
‘Go ahead.’
‘First I want you to go and rescue Alice’s toothbrush and keep it locked away in a safe place. Then, when I leave the room, I want you to keep the door closed and locked and don’t let the Filipino or the cleaner or anybody else in here, not even Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd.’
‘Oh, I couldn’t possibly do that.’ She narrowed her eyes. ‘Why on earth do you make such a request?’
‘It may be that the police will want to come here and make an examination for fingerprints.’
She looked around. She didn’t get it.
He said, ‘They may need to use them as a reference set.’
‘A reference set?’
‘For Alice. Prints they know belong to Alice, you see.’
‘Why would they need her fingerprints?’
He took a breath. ‘They may need to find out if someone they turn up is her, or not. Fingerprints are final in these matters.’
‘Mr St Cloud, that is ridiculous. Why, myself or Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd would know her and she would know us.’
‘She may not be in position to know you.’
‘Oh, come – ’
‘She might not be breathing.’
The little room was silent. Then Miss Keppel said ‘Oh,’ in a small voice, and then, ‘But still we’d know – ’
‘And you might not be able to recognise her.’ He muttered softly, so she might not hear, ‘It’s been two weeks and it’s August.’
She blanched, and took a step back. He wondered if the dentists and toothbrushes thing might click into place next. Miss Keppel just looked blank. He looked back around the little room. ‘So keep it closed up, if you will. And try and keep hold of anything else Alice touched – and not with gloves. I’m going to be in here a short while. When I’m done, I’ll come and find you.’


He closed the door after her with his foot. Then he sat on the bed and contemplated the little box in which Alice Dolores had spent two and a half months, between May 23rd and August 4th. It was a horrible little room, no more than six feet across, and ten feet long. In a mansion flat of these epic proportions that made it virtually a cubby-hole. Whatever feelings Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd had developed for the girl they didn’t correlate to floor space – or country views, for that matter. It might have been the depths of winter for all one knew, sitting in here. He looked around him. The walls were white and pale blue paint, and although the skirting boards might have cut the mustard, that was about all: there was none of the picture rails or the heavy fabrics or the William Morris wallpaper that washed across the rest of the flat. Above his head the shade was plain too, yet the bulb was harsh and white: it cast unpleasant little shadows in the corners of the rooms. There was little mystery here, he felt: if he had to live in this little coffin in the middle of the giant flat, with those women and that brown furnace of a sitting room, stacking tedious old letters into folders, then he’d probably have cut his own throat. The only mystery was that Alice Dolores had stuck it for thirteen weeks. That and the fact that during the time the old lady had grown so inordinately fond of her as to be willing to part with hundreds of pounds to ask St Cloud to perform the impossible and try and persuade her back – if he ever found her. He thought about what the old lady had said: I took a liking to the girl. I felt a liking for her. It was damned odd, at best. That liking had bridged about seventy years and a gulf in class. And yet there had been something in those old, cloudy eyes, a strange intensity, a persuasion. He dragged himself back into the room. There was no reason why the girl would want to come back to this. None at all.
 He took the chest of drawers first, and found only what he expected to find. There was underwear, mostly for comfort but the odd one for show, and a variety of clothes that all looked new enough to be bought since May, from those franchise stores that paid models to look as thin as the Manchurian children who slaved to sew the seams. Nothing about them said a word. The pockets were unerringly empty. There were two dresses in the wardrobe, both size 8, and they both would have looked like sacks on a plain girl and like heaven on a pretty one. He wondered which of those Alice Dolores was: the photograph showed only mousey hair and the square spectacles; it looked a little dated. If she had lost a few pounds, made herself up and had her hair done she would be a fox. If she smoked a lot of fags and bought a lot of takeaways she would be a whale. Beyond the square glasses there was just a sea of neutrality, of human wallpaper. It told him nothing. He clutched the dresses and held them to his nose; there was no smell of cigarettes, but there was the remnant of perfume, pale and oleaginous, and quite distinctive. 
There were four pairs of shoes, two of which had heels. There was no jewellery, no condoms, no vibrators. And of course, there was no handbag, or purse: the things of importance were carried to her, close, out of his reach. He had a skirt around the bed and the floor hoping to find a magazine or a crossword or a love letter to an old woman. He found none of these things. He checked the plug sockets for secret ipod or laptop chargers and found only dust. He checked over the wall from the skirting board to the ceiling, looking for those little five-bar-gates people make when they’re locked up for life. He didn’t find any of those, either. 
Finally he took all the bedclothes off, and pulled the bed away from the wall. The bed was an iron-framed thing, old and heavy and probably only still there because nobody could face trying to get rid of it using that dandy little lift contraption. There was nothing hidden in the folds of the blankets or under the mattress – except the perfume smell, which was here as well – and the sheets were unstained and unworried by sexual adventures. Hardly surprising with the Keppel and the old bird in permanent residence. He looked in vain for hairs or lipstick on the pillows but it was all clean, so damned clean. He put the sheets and blankets back on the bed and made it up nicely again so the women wouldn’t notice anything amiss. He was about to put it back against the wall when he noticed a small, dark square in the very corner of the room, darker than the surrounding shadows. He pulled the bed out properly and wedged himself in behind. Then he ran a hand down the wall and found that the square was a rough little recess where the plaster had long cracked away and a space of about half a brick was missing from where the floor met the far wall. Below this on the carpet was a little powdery mound of brick dust. He was interested: somebody else had found that recess recently. He reached a hand into it and his fingers closed around a flat, cold object. He wondered if it was a wartime grenade, an Edwardian mousetrap, or a servant girl’s lock of her lover’s hair. He edged his fingers around it, and pulled.
To his surprise, it was a phone.
Battered and scratched, an old generation Samsung, dead as a doornail. He tried to bring it to life but it didn’t respond, so he slid off the back cover and shook the battery out. The inside looked a little worn and torn but other than that all was normal, with a Vodafone sim card trapped in place. He replaced the battery, slid the cover back, and weighed it in his hand. Then he got his own phone out, slid it up to illuminate the display, and shone it into the recess. There was nothing there except a lot of dust. He levered himself back out into the room, and replaced the bed. Then he got out the Samsung and gave it another look. Of course, it had to be her’s – Alice’s. Nothing else made any sense.
So she did have a phone, after all. And alone of all her worldly possessions, she had kept this thing hidden – and left it behind.
Maybe that was because it didn’t matter to her.
Maybe it was because everything else was easier to dispose of.
He slipped it into his pocket and went out of the door. Miss Keppel stood hovering in the hallway outside. In her hand she held out an old-fashioned cheque, of the paper sort. She said: ‘I’ve made this out for £1,500. As a start.’
He looked at it. It was signed “on behalf of Mrs G. E. J. Jermyn-Lloyd”. He asked, ‘Is it just you who signs the old bird’s cheques round here?’
She looked blank. ‘What do you mean?’
‘Alice. Did she have any access to funds, or anything like that?’
‘None at all. She was the mere secretary.’
That word “mere” had been marinated in lemon juice and washed down with battery acid. Miss Keppel stood, with legs planted wide apart, like Venus Williams does when she thwacks a wayward tennis ball. There was something tough in her look, like a bulldog past its prime but ready to holler the house down if someone mentioned passing by the vet for a shot of the sleepy stuff. All this toughness, and the little box of a room he had just vacated, made St Cloud feel a little aggrieved on Alice’s behalf.
He said:
‘You’d tell me if Alice had any good reason for her to up and leave without warning, I take it. Such as a bust-up with you, or with the old lady.’
She said, ‘There is no such reason.’
He nodded. He thought about telling her about the mobile phone hidden in the wall cavity, but somehow he didn’t feel like it, not with those fat calves standing in his way. There would be time for all that when he had to give the soft soap about taking the grand and failing to find her, or at least failing to persuade her to come back to the one-room life and the ugly sisters. He dodged past Miss Keppel and out of the front door and said his goodbyes as he went. He pressed the old-fashioned button and the lift whirred arthritically into action. Somebody had been good enough to shut the door on the way out. He was thankful for that.


He took the phone to a dodgy little market stall on the ground floor of the Elephant and bought a charger that fitted it, and took it home to Cadiz Street. It was another hot day: although the breeze cooled his ankles there was a warm hand on his neck. When he got back home Bonnie wasn’t up so he took the charger and plugged it into the Samsung. For about ten minutes nothing happened at all, which made St Cloud think that the stall-boys at the Elephant had pulled a fast one on him, but then it showed a weak little battery icon and started to power up. He thought about turning it on, decided it could wait another half hour, then made coffee and eggs and smoked a couple of cigarettes.
When he’d finished all those he waited to see if Bonnie was going to make it out of bed before midday, decided she wasn’t, and attended to the phone. It was an old slide job, grey and square and with cracks across the buttons and scratches on the screen. He powered it up and watched it take forever to find a network. Then he sat back and gave it five minutes to see whether any new messages arrived. They didn’t. Then he went to the Missed Calls: there weren’t any. All that probably meant that the phone had been deliberately switched off rather than run out of power, and maybe for longer than the two weeks that Alice had been missing from Dante Gardens. Next he went to the incoming and outgoing calls. The most recent was outgoing, an 0207 - Central London - number. It had been called on 3rd August: the day before she went missing. All the other calls on the list were incoming, and most of them were from a mobile number – the same one.
This was odd, he decided.
All of these calls were at least three months old. Which meant that but for one single call, Alice hadn’t used the phone at all during the time she was at Dante Gardens – either that, or she had deleted all the calls she had received. He went to the text messages. There were only four in the Inbox, and nothing in the Sent. The four in the Inbox were all from the same mobile number. It looked like the same one that was on the list of calls. The first said: I can’t stop thinking about you. X. St Cloud had sent Bonnie one of those once and got them both in trouble. Then he went to the next: I’m so happy we found one another. I realise now it’s what I was waiting for, that everything else was nothing. Nothing. I’m sorry if I hurt you. I realise now that everything else is nothing. X The other two were more of the same. All of them were old, many weeks old, like most of the calls. 
The empty Sent box surprised him. He’d have thought those kind of texts were worthy of reply, even if it was just fuck off mate, get a life. It was always possible that the liaison was unreciprocated and she had settled on the silent treatment, or that it was illicit, or that there was some other reason for her to be taciturn. No, he sensed another load of deleting going on. Maybe they were even more embarrassing and soppy than those in the Inbox.
But his biggest surprise was yet to come: the Contacts list.
It was empty.
That explained one thing, of course: why the soppy-text mobile number was shown as just a number and not a name. But hell, he was confused. Maybe Alice was a technophobe and didn’t know how to save her contacts. Maybe she was lazy. Maybe she didn’t want somebody finding out who sent her soppy texts. Finally he let his thumb play with the little joystick and he explored all the other phone applications, a radio and an MP3 player, empty – of course. Then went to the final opportunity: photographs. There were two of these. The first was a picture of a tall girl with short dark hair at an ice skating rink, hands outstretched, trying to balance before she landed on her backside. She was smiling and she looked about thirty, bright-eyed, and all at one with the world. Behind her were other skaters, all a blur. He studied the face: it was strong-boned but clear and quite pretty. She could have been anybody. What she wasn’t was 5’3” with blue eyes and mousey hair, lately turned blonde. He clicked on to the next photograph. This showed the same girl again, but in a different setting. She stood framed by a metal stand, with clay and plastic pots of various sizes grouped around her on the floor. She was giving a thumbs up for the picture, looking younger than the other photo and a little green. Above her head was a sign, the letters emblazoned in a bright cherry red.
‘What’s that?’
He looked up. Bonnie wiped sleepy eyes.
He said simply, ‘“Love blooms”.’
She looked at him quizzically. 
He said, ‘That’s what it says on a sign in this photograph.’
‘Oh.’ She yawned. ‘Whose phone is it?’
He said, ‘It came from the home of the distinctly non-fuckable woman you set me up with last night.’
‘I didn’t set you up. And I didn’t say anything about her being – well, anything.’ She leant over and looked at the screen. ‘She looks okay in that picture, though.’
‘Not this one. This is just a random skating woman and probably nothing to do with anything.’ He slid the phone back down, and put it on the table. ‘I didn’t expect to see you before the afternoon. Couldn’t you sleep?’
She shook her head. ‘Things to do.’
‘What things?’
‘Never you mind. Is there coffee?’
‘Long consumed. Are you making more?’
‘If I must.’ She yawned. ‘Who had she lost, anyway, your woman? That skating girl?’
‘No. Another girl. And it wasn’t her: there really was a friend after all. An Egyptian mummy who sat by a fire on the hottest night of the year and made crazy eyes at me when I wasn’t looking. So justified and ancient she probably used to bounce the Queen on her knee.’
‘Did she want you to do a séance?’
‘I was wrong about that. The missing person is live and kicking. The strange part is that I thought it would be her favourite cat or her wayward son blowing the family millions on the roulette tables of Curzon Street. It was neither of these things. In fact it’s some sort of skivvy she had employed as a secretary.’
‘That’s a bit weird.’
That was a typical thing for her to say: he loved to hear it.
He said, ‘At least, that’s their story. I smelt more bullshit than that time we decided to try a day in the countryside.’
Bonnie shivered. ‘That was horrible.’
She went and put the kettle on. He picked the phone up, and continued, raising his voice over the rising chug of the water, ‘Anyhow the old lady claims to have grown inordinately fond of this missing girl over a couple of months, so much so that she is writing me large cheques in return for me trying to find her. Which, I may say, looked pretty much an impossible task, since the girl has no means of identification or communication and I don’t even know what she looks like other than an old photo of her – in which she looks like a librarian but probably now either looks like a dog licking a thistle, or hotter than Scarlett Johanssen.’
She came back in the room and said, ‘No-one’s hotter than Scarlett Johanssen.’
He replied, ‘You are.’
She said, ‘Don’t be silly.’
She went back and out and returned with a cup of coffee. She hadn’t made him one. ‘Why didn’t you just tell this old woman it was impossible, then?’
‘I don’t know. I was intrigued.’
‘Why?’
‘Because I’m always intrigued when people tell me a lot of lies.’
‘What makes you so sure they were lies?’
‘I don’t know. But there was a lot of baloney about her responding to a job advert, and a lot more about how happy she was in her work. I saw her room. It looked like the kind of room Victorian women got put into when they went mad, or gave birth out of wedlock. How’s the coffee?’
‘Nice.’
‘Bully for you.’ He got up to make himself one. ‘And besides, I then performed one of my usual miracles when searching said room and I found this.’ He tapped the phone. ‘She’d hidden in it in a hole in the wall.’
Bonnie said simply, ‘So now you can find her.’
‘You’d think so, wouldn’t you? But not exactly. There isn’t very much on it, just a lot of dodgy text messages from some innominate mobile number and a mystery brunette who can’t skate and sells plants. Hold on a second.’ He slid the phone back up and went back to the other photograph, the one with the “Love blooms” sign. ‘Where would you say that was taken?’
She studied it. ‘Some sort of a craft fair, or something. It looks like one of those temporary stand things.’
‘That’s what I thought.’
‘Or an Exhibition Centre, Olympia or Earl’s Court.’
‘I hope it isn’t Earl’s Court. I spent enough time there, yesterday.’
‘I quite like it there.’
He nodded. His blood boiled a little. He wondered if she knew she could make his blood boil, just by saying that. He thought she probably did. He said, ‘Are you getting in the shower?’
‘In a minute.’
‘Okay. I’ll go back to this.’
He went back and trawled through the calls again. That gave him an idea: maybe the time and date were set wrong, and they weren’t three months old but much more recent. But he checked and they were set right. And besides - that one call, the 0207 number, was dated 3rd August, so the theory didn’t really hold. Then he tried all the other menus and found one for a file folder. The only files were the two photographs, but the file names were interesting: one was called “H, Alexandra Palace” – which figured for the ice rink – and the other “H, RHS”. He yelled: ‘Bonnie, do you know what RHS stands for?’
‘No.’
‘Oh.’
She popped her head back round the door. ‘Don’t you? I thought you knew stupid antonyms.’
‘Acronyms. Antonyms are opposites, like you and me.’
‘Smart aleck.’
‘I’m just being correct. The only acronym I can think of is “Right hand side”, at least that’s what the police would use.’
‘They’re always so – I don’t know.’
‘Functional?’
‘Prosaic.’
“Right-hand side” didn’t make any sense, of course. He hit a couple of buttons and went back to the two photographs. Funny how the photos on someone’s camera were always of somebody else; the person he wanted was behind it, unseen, the ghost in the room. He looked back at the girl. “H”. She was tall and a bit gawky but there was a light in her eyes and something in that thumbs up gesture that spoke of optimism and courage. It was a much nicer image than those pre-Raphaelite horrors in the sitting room at Dante Gardens. He wondered about Alice. In his experience attractive girls didn’t often hang out with uglies. Maybe Alice, with new blonder hair and sans glasses, was a honey. That felt right. He looked back at “H”. There was warmth in the photos, a sense of friendship. He wondered if the two girls still went skating. He wondered if they were still friends.
There was something he was forgetting, of course. The 0207 number. He went back to the recent calls list and found it. It was the only thing on the phone newer than three months ago, and Alice had called it the afternoon before she disappeared. He dug out his own phone and dialled the number in. 
It rang a few times. Then a bored, gruff voice said, ‘ABC Tec.’
St Cloud said, ‘Who is this?’
There was a silence. Then the bored, gruff voice said, ‘You called us, pal, who are you?’
‘I think I may have a wrong number.’
‘Yeah, yeah – ’
‘Wait. Let me check. What number is this?’
‘ABC Tec.’
‘AB what?’
The voice got a little more bored, and a little more gruff. ‘ABC Technologies.’
‘I’m looking for a girl called Alice Dolores.’
‘Good luck with that.’
‘Heard of her?’
‘No.’
‘She called this number about two weeks back.’
‘I thought you said you got a wrong number.’
‘I might be wrong. Or right, depending on your point of view.’
‘Look – ’
He broke in, ‘ABC Technologies, you said? What are you, some kind of cinema?’
There was a laugh. It wasn’t a nice laugh; it was condescension multitracked with adenoid-honk, and it would have warned people off in the fog.  When it drifted off the bored, gruff voice said: ‘No, mate. Manufacturing.’
‘Manufacturing?’
‘Man-u-fac-tu-ring. You might have heard of it.’ Another horrible honk. ‘You can find us in museums. Last of the fucking Mohicans.’
Honk honk honk. The last of something, anyway. St Cloud was getting pretty fed up with it the honking laugh. He waited for it to die, like a kid does with a shy pet. Then he said: ‘Have you had a visitor there in the last couple of weeks at all? A girl called Alice Dolores?’
‘We don’t get visitors, mate. I told you, we’re not a cinema. And we’re not Madame Tussauds.’
St Cloud brought his upper lip to his teeth and formed the start of a big, satisfying fuck off and goodnight. But he reminded himself this was all he had, other than two photographs of a random girl and a lot of drunken love texts. With an effort he let his jaw drop and licked his lips. Then he said evenly:
‘Okay. Well look, she called this number. I don’t exactly know why. You’re sure you don’t recognise the name?’
‘I told you, didn’t I?’
‘She might have changed it.’
‘What’s that got to do with – ’
‘Listen. I have a photo. Maybe I could come along there and show it to you. I’m afraid it’s the only lead I have. Miss Dolores is missing, and people are concerned for her safety.’
‘Yeah, well, that’s got nothing to do – ’
‘I’m concerned for her safety.’
‘That’s touching.’
Oh, he almost went at that. He closed his eyes, and muttered: ‘The woman who wants to trace her is extremely wealthy. There is likely to be a reward.’
There was silence. Then the nasty gruff voice said, ‘Okay, maybe.’
‘Maybe?’
‘Show us the photo, maybe.’
‘Maybe?’
‘Maybe.’
‘Where are you?’
‘Mahalgrave Mews.’
‘Where the hell’s that?’
‘Hammersmith. By the flyover.’
‘Okay. I can be there in an hour or so. That okay?’
‘Suppose so.’
“Suppose so” was pretty much the last straw. St Cloud said, with a little grit, ‘I guess when I get there I’d better ask to see your boss.’
‘Well – ’
‘See if he recognises the photo.’
There was a pause, then, ‘No.’
‘Boss not there?’
‘No. I mean – look, come along and just ask for me, yeah? Graham Goff.’
St Cloud said, ‘Okay, Graham. I’ll see you later,’ and cut the call.
Bonnie came in wrapped it in a towel and said, ‘We’re out of hot water.’
He said, ‘I’m going out this afternoon.’
‘Oh. Did you find your girl?’
‘No. But some grumpy bastard in Hammersmith is going to look at her photo for me. I’ll be back before this evening. Is it okay if I take the car?’
‘It’s fine.’
‘It doesn’t sound fine if you say it like that.’
‘Like what?’
‘Like that.’
‘It’s fine.’ She laced the word with polonium 210. When she got to the door she turned back, and said, ‘Oh, I’ve remembered what “RHS” is. The Royal Horticultural Society.’
‘Genius.’
She smiled, finally. He said, ‘Hence the plants.’
‘Maybe that’ll teach you to be a smart aleck.’
He walked up behind her. ‘You can teach me what you want.’ He let his hands glide inside the dressing gown. Her hips were warm and smooth and it felt like summer would last forever.
She turned around and said reprovingly, ‘Michael, I need to get dressed.’
‘Okay.’ He pulled away. ‘I’ll just have to go and find this mysterious girl instead.’
Bonnie said, ‘I hope you’ll be very happy together.’


ABC Tec was one of those little factory places that had been installed by somebody imaginative into the cavernous prism of a railway arch. The railway in question was the District Line, running overground west out of Hammersmith, and the arch was in Mahalgrave Mews, which was a little alley running off the north end of Putney Bridge Road, not far from the one-way system and the beginning of that flyover that takes you to Heathrow or Bristol or Cornwall, depending upon how much petrol you have and how unhappy you are with the Congestion Charge or the bankers’ bonuses or the Turner Prize. St Cloud parked the Leon up opposite the unit. Mahalgrave Mews was mostly full of garages and workshops and other such places. In the heat of early afternoon it was a symphony of shiny cobbles, oily shadows and dope-smoke, all played along to the occasional clatter of a District line train and the jazz-pad of the tin traffic on the A4.
ABC had a small, old sign and a set of metal outside steps running up to a door marked ‘Reception’ at first floor level. The archway to the right of this was all shuttered up and looked pretty derelict. It wasn’t the only one in the street like this. Graham Goff had called them the last of the Mohicans. There was something in that: in those shuttered-up units lay the death throes of the light industries that now thrived only in Bangalore and Beijing. At the far end of the street was a little burger van where a woman with bingo-wings fried onions under a wide brimmed hat and a broken nose. The smell wafted across the sweltering afternoon and played pizzicato on his nostrils. He locked the car and climbed up the outside steps.
Inside was a grey, dusty reception area and no air-con. That made it pretty unbearable. What didn’t help was a girl with a snub nose and a moon face and chin like a monkey’s, eating crisps with ringless fingers. She looked up when he entered and kept on eating. It looked like she did that instead of breathing. He said,
‘I’m here to see Graham Goff.’
She curled her nose up at this request, got up and went to the door. Another girl of about the same size came in, and the two of them sort of bounced off each other, It’s a Knockout-style. The burger van clearly did decent business around these parts. The first girl yelled something raw down to the open space below. The other girl went out again. A minute passed. Then a tall man appeared, with a rubbery, jowly face and a schoolboy haircut, and those kind of curved-square glasses that chat show hosts used to liked so much in the days of brown ties and cloth sofas. The man wore a boiler suit stripped down to the waist and a T-shirt below it dappled with sweat patches. The slogan on the T-shirt said “Style Tribe”. He nodded and stooped a little to get through the door, followed by Thing One and Thing Two. He said:
‘You the guy on the phone, yeah?’
‘That’s right. Michael St Cloud.’
‘You’d better come in my office.’
Thing One and Thing Two suppressed giggles. St Cloud followed Graham Goff dutifully out the back of the office and down a set of steps into the unit itself. Above his head were the tessellated bricks of Victorian construction, each a little worn at the edges but with a kind of earthy, dirty beauty. It was the kind of surface that made you realise that the British running an empire that kicked shit out of the rest of the world was fact and not fiction. Below the lovely sea of shapes was a far more motley business: a potted collection of workbenches and people in blue coats and eye protectors, fitting wires into monitors and packing them up in boxes. He followed the lumbering rubber form of Graham Goff through to a little glass-walled office in one corner of the workshop.
The place was dusty as hell, and strewn with pieces of paper, cardboard, and pencils. In the middle of it was a desk that was buried under a sea of scratchy little documents – invoices, printouts, old till receipts. Goff awkwardly smote a forearm across a pile of detritus on an old red fabric chair and offered it to St Cloud. Then he did the same on the chair behind his desk, and plonked himself on it. The top half of the boiler suit washed around the chair like a blue flare.
Goff got down to business. ‘You said you had a photo.’
St Cloud said, ‘She called here on August 3rd at two o’clock in the afternoon. The next day she disappeared. Her name is Alice Dolores. Like I said, a couple of people are looking for her and they’d like very much to know that she is safe and well.’
Goff said: ‘She in trouble with somebody?’
‘Not at all. The people who are looking for her are the people she used to work for. They liked her a lot and would like her to come back and work for them some more.’
Goff said, ‘You got that photo, then?’
‘In a moment. Her name is Alice Dolores. Does that mean anything to you?’
Goff shook his head. 
St Cloud had a look around the office. On one wall was a calendar with girls whose breasts looked plastic enough to melt in a fire. Hanging on a hook on the other side of the room was a grey suit jacket, which looked about half the size of Graham Goff. St Cloud said, ‘If I asked your boss – I take it this is his office – then maybe he’d tell me whether he’d ever heard of her.’
Goff looked daggers at him and leant back in the chair. He put his hands across the little hump of his stomach. The boiler suit hung down around him. St Cloud wondered if he took it off when he got home, and decided he probably didn’t. It looked like it was covered in wank stains.
Goff said, ‘Mr Khalid isn’t here most days. I use this office.’
St Cloud said, ‘Right.’
It was bullshit, and both of them knew it.
Goff licked his lips. ‘You said you had a photo of her. That girl.’
St Cloud sighed and pulled his wallet out of his jacket. In it was a £10 note, alongside the cheque for a grand and a half, and the photo. He picked out the latter and threw it across. It landed with a dusty tap on some crumpled invoice. Graham Goff picked it up and studied it.
St Cloud said:
‘It doesn’t look the most recent of photos. I’m told she’s had her hair done, blonder than that. And no glasses.’
He didn’t say about the dresses in the wardrobe or the shoes or his theory that she might now look hot as sun: he didn’t want Graham Goff getting a stiffy. Goff looked at the photo and wrinkled his nose. He turned it slightly to the left. Then his eyes widened a little. Then he wrinkled his nose some more. Then he wiped a sweaty hand across his sweaty forehead. His eyes went back to the desk, then he raised them slowly to meet St Cloud’s. At the end of all this he said,
‘Not sure.’
He was a bad liar. St Cloud wouldn’t have missed that flicker of recognition through the bottom of a beer glass.
He said, ‘Why don’t you look a little closer. She might look a bit different, now.’
Goff sniffed, but didn’t look at the photo. He said, ‘You said there was a reward.’
‘I didn’t, not exactly.’
‘Now, hold on – ’
‘But I did say that there was a wealthy old woman who was keen to find this girl, and might be keen enough to show some gratitude.’ He looked back at the boiler suit. ‘If she was handled in the right way, that is. You recognise her, don’t you, Graham? She came here, did she, a couple of weeks back?’
Goff carried on looking at the photo. Then he laid it down on the desk in front of him. 
St Cloud said, ‘Look, if you’re not sure maybe I should ask one of your colleagues out on the shop floor there. They might – ’
‘No, no.’
‘No?’
‘I do recognise her, as it goes.’
‘You do?’
‘Yeah.’ He seemed to come to a decision. ‘Kind of.’
‘Only “kind of”. Look, Graham, I need to be pretty definite if I’m – ’
‘No, no. I’m sure, as it goes. Only – ’
‘Only what?’
‘She ain’t called Alice Dolores, or anything like that. Her name’s Nat.’
‘Nat?’
‘Yeah, Nat.’
‘Nat what?’
‘Don’t know. Natalie something.’
‘How do you know her?’
‘She works here.’
St Cloud sat up, surprised. ‘She does?’
‘Works here. Accounts girl.’
He said, ‘Are you on the level?’
Goff nodded. ‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘But she can’t – how long? How long has she worked here?’
‘Just arrived. A week or so, as it goes. Mr Khalid wanted somebody to do the accounts. I think he stuck an advert out. This girl arrived here. Nat something. Not bad bit of stuff.’
St Cloud stood and looked out of the office towards the shop floor, towards all those people behind visors he had barely looked at. He scanned the faces now, looking for girls of five feet three, 23 years old.
Goff laughed. ‘Out of luck, as it goes. She phoned in sick.’
‘Sick?’
‘Yeah, flu or something.’
‘I thought she only worked here a week.’
‘Yeah. Phoned in this morning. First fucking Friday and off sick. Not surprised, a lot of people come and go from here. Normally wait a bit longer before they start playing the game. Hangover, of course.’
St Cloud thought for a moment. ‘When is she due back? Monday?’
‘Down to work the weekend, as it goes. Don’t suppose she will.’
St Cloud sat down a little in the fabric chair and fumed a little. Then he asked, ‘This girl, Nat. Are you sure, really sure?’
Goff nodded.
St Cloud said, ‘Look, do you have an address for her?’
‘Not sure I can give that to you.’
‘Why not?’
‘Well, confidentiality, isn’t it?’
St Cloud snapped, ‘Is it?’
‘Well – ’
St Cloud was hot. St Cloud was tired. He yelled, ‘You want a reward, Graham, go get me the fucking address.’ 
Goff looked up in surprise. The fat white face went a little pale. Then he said, ‘Well, only – I ain’t got it.’
‘Then – ’
‘Mr Khalid’ll have it.’
‘Fine. What’s Mr Khalid’s number?’
‘No, no.’ Goff regained his poise. ‘Look, mate, I’ll get her address for you. I’ll speak to Mr Khalid.’ He reached across and picked up the telephone on the desk, and dialled a number. He pushed it against his ear so hard it pushed his glasses slightly at an angle. After a while he put it back down. He said,
‘No answer?’
‘No. Look, mate, I’ll take yours and give you a buzz when I get hold of Mr Khalid.’
St Cloud barked, ‘0 triple 7 648 double 2 double 5. But I want her full name, Graham, her date of birth and her address with a proper postcode and a telephone number with all the proper digits.’
Goff ventured, ‘You could maybe give me the name of the rich old woman who’s after her, too, while you’re at it.’ 
St Cloud said, ‘Forget it. Call me and then we can discuss it.’
‘Oh. Yeah, right.’
Goff picked up the photograph and turned it over in his hands. ‘She’s changed a lot from that photo, though. No glasses. Not a bad bit of stuff, really.’
‘A blonde bombshell, then?’
‘What? No.’
‘No?’
Goff ran a finger around his teeth. ‘She ain’t blonde, if you want to know. She’s got sort of dark brown hair, straight, comes down to here.’ He took the finger out of his mouth, and put a flabby hand against a pork shoulder. Then he threw the photograph back to St Cloud, who replaced it in his wallet.
St Cloud stood up again, and turned to look out at the shop floor. He asked, ‘Anybody she’s friendly with here? Anybody who might know her?’
‘Only been here a week.’
‘Some people are friendly.’
‘Not her. Shy little piece.’
‘Shy?’
‘Kept herself to herself. A mouse.’
St Cloud looked at the faces behind the visors, at the blue overalls and the packing crates, at the frightening mundanity of it all. God, he would die if he worked in a place like this. Alice Dolores certainly knew how to find the worst jobs. He looked again between the workers, wondering if any of them could help him, and decided they probably couldn’t. He turned to Goff and said, ‘Okay, Graham. Let me know when you get hold of Mr Khalid.’
‘Will do. And we’ll talk money, then, yeah?’
‘Maybe, Graham. Just maybe.’
St Cloud got up and wandered back through the shop floor. Nobody paid him any attention. He was about to climb the steps back up to the reception when he saw in the very far corner another set of steps rising to a little mezzanine office.
A small sign on the door read “Accounts”.


When he got outside the street was fried onions and refuse, that squashy little smell that folds itself into the air on hot, hot days. The smell reminded him a little of the back streets of Genoa or Igumenitsa, and he longed momentarily for the glistening sheen of the sea. All that was here was the railway arches, the garages, the clacking trains of the Tube line, the burger van, a guy on a phone in a silver Focus, and the damned drone of the cars on the flyover, that drone you couldn’t turn off except with a nuclear missile. He licked his lips and told himself that the sea was for another day, another summer, another life. 
He had a quick nose past the derelict units either side of ABC Tec but just saw a lot of dusty nothingness so he got into the Leon and turned left at the end of Mahalgrave Mews, through the streets of little terraces towards the north end of the Putney Bridge Road. The road did a dogleg around a school; when he was halfway around it he caught sight in the mirror of a silver Focus hanging back before making the bend. He didn’t think he was meant to have noticed that. He slowed the Leon down and turned right at the end of the road, so that he was heading back into the Hammersmith one-way system rather than away from it. He pulled out into the inside lane and crept along at thirty, like he was a learner, or a tourist, or one of those oriental women who can only just see over the steering wheel and think the middle lane is for life, not just for Christmas. Sure enough the Focus appeared behind him, and not exactly in a mood to pull up trees. At the lights he turned left and joined the one-way. He took it very slowly, conducting as he did a concerto of horn-and-middle-finger from his fellow drivers, and behind him he heard the Focus do the same. It all sounded a little like Stockhausen on an easy day.
He drifted slowly across the lanes and kept going until he turned back on to the Putney Bridge Road again. He wondered if that had confused the hell out of the Focus. Now with the lights green he gave it a lot of gas and let three or four cars crowd behind him. He checked his mirror. The Focus sat four behind. St Cloud took a left back towards the way he had come and sped at sixty through the narrow street and spun around the corner into Mahalgrave Mews. Then he did a three point turn as fast as he ever had and parked up on the roadside waiting. After about a minute the Focus turned in behind him. The driver was a black guy, about forty, looking pretty hassled. The Focus parked up. St Cloud got out of the Leon and walked behind him. The guy wound the window down.
St Cloud said, ‘We need to talk.’
The guy looked pretty uncomfortable.
‘Look, mate, I thought you were somebody else. No harm done.’
He had one of those cockney accents you only get on forty-year old black guys and the Bermondsey dock boys. 
St Cloud said, ‘You can buy me a cup of coffee, if you like.’
The guy looked across the road at ABC Tec then back at St Cloud. Then he shrugged and said, ‘There’s a café round the corner, as it goes.’
St Cloud said, ‘Then let’s go.’


The café was a nasty one, one of those where the road gang slop baked beans into everything and the sign painter can’t spell “freshly” or “potatoes”. He went to the counter, ordered two coffees, picked up a red-top and sat down. There was no air-con and it was as stuffy as nuts. The guy from the Focus came in and sat down opposite. The red-top was full of the usual shit about celebrities falling out of nightclubs and some more photos of the man under the blanket in the Blake Hollis case. The guy who sat opposite was about forty, with leathery hair and bloodshot eyes, and short, greying hair that was thin on top and looked like a shoe cleaning cloth. He kept his eyes fixed on the menu.
St Cloud said easily, ‘Hey.’
He looked up, very slowly. He said, ‘What do you want?’
St Cloud said, ‘Want to tell me why you’ve got nothing better to do than follow me on a tour of the Hammersmith one-way system?’
The guy just nodded again.
‘No, no,’ said St Cloud. ‘That wasn’t a nod-your-head job. This is what they call a question and answer session, in which I ask short, pithy questions and you explain what the hell is going on. I’m fulfilling my end of the bargain admirably. It’s you who’s letting the team down. Who are you? Do you work for ABC Tec?’
At the name of the company the guy gave little darting looks around the café. St Cloud said, ‘Come on, fella. What’s the deal? That big tool Goff told you to tail me?’
That got no answer either, not even a nod.
St Cloud said: ‘It’s about the girl, isn’t it? Look, I don’t know what Goff’s problem is, here. If it’s like it says he is then it’s simple: he can give me the address, I’ll go and see the girl and take it from there. If he’s lying to me, and it isn’t the girl, or he doesn’t know the girl, or the girl is a different one to the one he told me it was, well then I’ll get a bit cross and probably throw in a few fucks but that won’t change much. I do that all the time, anyway.’
The guy said, ‘What girl?’
He drank his coffee.
St Cloud said, bemusedly: ‘You don’t even know which girl?’
The guy shook his head.
St Cloud said, ‘But you are working for ABC Tec?’
Again the darting looks. 
Both of them drank some coffee. Elsewhere people came and went. A lot of baked beans got slopped around. Finally St Cloud said,
‘Okay, look. Maybe we’re at cross-purposes. I’ll go first. I came here looking for a girl called Alice Dolores. She called ABC Tec about two weeks ago and seems to have ended up getting a job there. I say “seems to have” because she doesn’t appear to be called Alice Dolores any more and all I have is the word of a tall and gawky man called Graham Goff, who I wouldn’t trust as far as I could throw him – which isn’t that far, as it happens. Also this girl didn’t show for work today and nobody can quite tell me her new name, where she lives, or how I get hold of a telephone number for her. If you’re looking for the same girl, or you’re trying to stop me looking for her, or you’re working for her to look for me, or any combination of the above, then you’d better tell me now. Otherwise my headache will go far beyond what this place’s shitty coffee can repair.’
The grizzled guy said, ‘I’m not looking for a girl.’
‘Oh. What are you looking for, then?’
The grizzled guy looked at St Cloud, hard for a minute. Then he drank his coffee. Then he looked back. He seemed to come to a decision.
‘I’m looking for truth. Truth and justice.’
‘Wow.’
The guy said, ‘You wanted to know.’
‘What kind of truth? Or should I say, what kind of justice?’
The grizzled guy picked up the red-top, and threw it aside. ‘The kind that doesn’t make the newspapers.’
St Cloud said, ‘I thought truth and justice always made the newspapers.’
‘Not this kind.’
The guy dug into his inside pocket, pulled out a business card, and held it between his ring and middle fingers. St Cloud took it. It was one of those business cards that starts with the line, “This card is not proof of identity”. Below was a pointless, complicated crest, and below this in large letters it read “International Enquiries Ltd” and underneath this in smaller letters, “Corporate and Financial Division” and underneath this, in really small letters: “Mr S Martins, enquiry agent”.
St Cloud threw it back. ‘What’s the S stand for? Shamus?’
‘Solomon. Friends call me Solly.’
‘You have friends?’
‘A couple.’
‘That’s nice to know. My name is St Cloud. My friends would call me Michael, if I had any. I’d toss you one of my cards but I only have ones from a bogus insurance company that I use when people get irritated by my asking millions of questions about their private lives.’
Solly Martins said, ‘Are we in the same business, then?’
St Cloud said, ‘Hardly. I wouldn’t even know how to make tea in your Corporate and Financial Division.’
‘But you said you were looking for a girl.’
St Cloud dug into his wallet and found the photograph. ‘Ignore the mousey hair. That went blonde and then brunette. And ignore the glasses. In fact, you can pretty much ignore everything. The caterpillar seems to have turned into a butterfly.’
Solly Martins studied the photograph. St Cloud said,
‘Now she’s meant to be called Nat and she’s meant to work at ABC Tec. And she’s meant to have phoned in sick today. But all I have is the word of Graham Goff. Tell me, Mr Solly Martins, have you ever seen her?’
Martins said, ‘Not sure. Might have.’
‘Coming and going from ABC Tec? You do watch ABC Tec, don’t you?’
Martins nodded uncomfortably.
He said: ‘It’s possible. There are about five or six girls there. A couple of skinny ones who get in early and clear out by lunchtime. And a couple of big girls, junk food janes.’
‘Thing One and Thing Two. Yes, I met them in the reception.’
‘There are one or two more though. Could be she’s one of them. Dark hair, you say?’
‘Yes.’
St Cloud turned round, yelled out, ‘Two more coffees,’ and then went back to his companion. He said, ‘Okay, Solly Martins, I give up. You’re not there looking for the girl I’m looking for, yet you know what the place is called and you know who works there, and the minute I decide to go visit the place you get so interested you stick to me like a Post-It note on a teenage boy’s curtains. And now you get all nervous and look like you’re going wet your pants every time I even mention the place is called ABC Tec.’
Solly Martins’s eyes did the darty thing again.
St Cloud said, ‘There you go again at the sound of it. ABC Tec.’
He got a repeat performance, so he said:
‘ABC Tec, ABC Tec, ABC Tec.’
Martins said, ‘Shut up,’ and looked bayonets. ‘If you must know, I’m watching the place.’
St Cloud looked down at the card in his hands. ‘It says here you’re a “Private Enquiry Agent”. What does that mean, divorce work? I can’t see how that would count as Corporate or Financial. Unless someone very corporate or financial had a wife who was over the side. Is that it? Someone’s wife is over the side with somebody at ABC Tec?’ He thought of Graham Goff, and the wank-stained boiler suit.
Martins shook his head. ‘No. Nothing like that.’
‘Okay. What, then?’
‘I was watching the firm.’
‘The firm? Or the people?’
‘Both.’
‘Why would you want to do that?’
Martins sniffed, and muttered, ‘I don’t see that’s any of your business.’
The coffees arrived. St Cloud poured a finger of sugar into his and watched the little granules slowly fold into the liquid. He looked up at Solly Martins. ‘Look Solly, you seem a decent guy. My judgement isn’t brilliant, though, and you might turn out to be anything. But I’ll give you the benefit of the doubt. I’m being pretty level with you. I’m going to level out even more. Last week that girl in the photo was called Alice Dolores. This week she’s called Nat something. She seems to have got herself a job at that crummy little firm and all things being equal I would have run into her this afternoon. But Solly, things aren’t ever quite equal. She phoned in sick and probably won’t be due in til Monday. Finding her isn’t high on my list of ambitions compared to wine and women, so I’ll probably sweat out the weekend and come back Monday. But here’s what we call an opportunity – for me, for you as well I reckon. Let me put it to you this way. I got paid pretty by a hundred year old woman to go and find this girl and I’ll get paid even prettier when she girl gets found. And although all seems set fair the airplane is still on the tarmac. I don’t know what her new name is or where she lives, or what she looks like now her hair’s dark and straight, so the fat lady isn’t even talking let alone singing. And perhaps – just perhaps – I could use a little help. That’s what I mean by opportunity. But before we explore that, we ought to reach an equitable solution in respect of the cards we both hold. I’ve shown you mine. You show me yours.’
As overtures went it wasn’t exactly Juliet from the balcony, and Martins didn’t look in the mood to climb any ivy. He said, ‘Why should I?’
St Cloud tutted. ‘Because of the opportunity. Because between the old woman and this elusive girl something very odd is going on. There’s no reason for her to have left, and there’s no reason for anyone to want her back. Certainly not enough of a reason to get me to go look for her. I don’t know what the hell they’re up to.’ He held up a hand to stop Martins’s attempt at an interruption. ‘And before you say “Why should I” all over again, and I say “opportunity knocks” all over again, let me cut to the chase. You should because my girl works at ABC Tec and you’re sitting watching ABC Tec and that gives me a pair of eyes other than mine to help. A pair of eyes that the Corporate and Financial Division decided was worth a business card. So if you find me Alice Dolores, or Nat something, then you give me a call and we can discuss the terms of your cut. Your shabby little motor tells me two different stories: one, that you’re a well-heeled guy who’s deep undercover; or two, that you’re in the gutter and you could grab a hand to lift you out. I’m betting on the second one.’
Martins said, ‘You cheeky fucker.’
‘You don’t ask, you don’t get. Or should I say, you don’t point out someone hasn’t got two beans, you don’t tempt them with three.’
Martins blinked the bloodshot eyes and said, ‘Okay. I guess.’
‘Write my number down, then. 0 triple 7 248 double 6 double 5.’
Martins did as he was bade.
‘But here’s the deal, Solly. You only get the deal if you level with me like I levelled with you. Why are you watching ABC Tec?’
‘It doesn’t have to do with your girl.’
‘Maybe not. But it’s what’s known as an intriguing coincidence. I go looking for a girl and you’re already looking. There’s a tiny little bit of my tiny little brain that is whispering in my ear that the two things might not be unconnected. What’s the deal? Tell me.’
Solly Martins made a sign to the guy behind the counter and shouted, ‘Two more coffees here.’ St Cloud grimaced. Any more coffee and he would be uncontrollable. Martins said,
‘ABC Tec is in a bit of trouble. It’s about to go into administration.’
‘It is?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Nobody seemed to be panicking to me, or clearing their desks.’
Martins laughed grimly. ‘That sounds about right. The people you saw in there probably don’t know it yet, and they probably haven’t guessed. But the company’s losing money hand over fist.’
‘Bad luck?’
‘Bad management.’
‘You’re tough.’
‘Bit of bad luck, too. Government had some grand plan to let businesses buy computer equipment tax-free. Sector got excited about a lot of new orders. Only the Government decided one day they couldn’t afford it any more and withdrew the offer. By that time a few companies had gambled and lost. ABC Tec was one of them. It had ordered a few thousand components – computers, monitors, that kind of thing. Overnight all those potential customers lost interest – couldn’t afford to buy. All those monitors, computers, stuff in that place, there ain’t no businesses to buy them any more.’
The coffees arrived. St Cloud did the sugar trick again. Solly Martins just stirred his.
‘That company goes into administration, then those people lose their jobs and a lot of people lose a lot of money.’
‘Who?’
‘All those people they bought all that stuff from. All of them are owed money – all the people who supplied those keyboards and monitors and mice.’
‘Mouses.’
‘What?’
‘They’re called “mouses”. “Mice” is reserved for the ones that squeak.’
‘Whatever.’ Martins drank his coffee. The sugar mountain fell through the top of St Cloud’s. ‘You familiar with the law?’
‘Some.’
‘The Enterprise Act?’
‘Not that bit.’
‘This piece of law says that a company in trouble can do something called a pre-pack administration. What that means is that instead of it going into old-style administration and taking months to sell off all the assets and sack the staff, it all gets sorted out lightning fast. I mean lightning fast. Somebody else comes in, turns the old company into a new company, and buys up all the assets. Could take a day, could take a couple of hours, could take thirty minutes. The new firm keeps trading and everybody keeps their jobs – or at least that’s the plan.’
St Cloud said, ‘Sounds like a fine piece of law. Another triumph for a visionary Government.’
Martins smirked. ‘You’re a wind-up merchant. This law wasn’t thought through, of course. All fine and dandy for the people who work there keeping their jobs, but what about the people who are owed the money? All those people who sold ABC Tec those computer monitors, keyboards, mice – ’
‘Mouses – ’
‘Fuck, whatever. All that unsecured debt gets wiped out at the stroke of a pen. Could put another company out of business. Could put a lot of companies out of business. You look a smart guy, so you can probably work out what’s going to happen next.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’m as green as Kermit’s cock.’
‘I believe you. Well anyway, what happens is this. Take an unprincipled businessman whose business is going down the tube because of a bit of bad luck and a bit of bad planning. He owes money to everybody in sight, creditors coming out of his ears. Well, say this businessman owns a lot of other businesses as well.’
‘This random unprincipled businessman, would he be called Mr Khalid?’
Martins nodded. ‘Green as a fucking ripe tomato.’
‘Things ripen quicker in greenhouses.’
‘Just don’t throw too many stones.’
‘You were teaching me about Business.’
‘Say this Mr Khalid decides to put ABC Tec into pre-pack administration. What happens next? Another company, called ABC Holdings, buys up ABC Tec in a pre-pack administration and carries on trading just as before. Everybody keeps their jobs. The assets are bought up. Only now it owns thousands of quids’ worth of computer, keyboards, monitors, mice – ’ He glared at St Cloud, who said nothing – ‘and it doesn’t owe a penny to anybody. Those suppliers just have to whistle. And funnily enough, guess who owns ABC Holdings?’
‘I detect the hand of Khalid.’
‘The very same.’
St Cloud drank his coffee. ‘And you say the Government sanctioned this piece of law? It’s no wonder the young are disenchanted with politics.’
‘It gets worse. Say your lack of principles went a little deeper, and you decided to take it a step further. Now, if you know you’re about to go into this pre-pack administration and clear all your debts overnight, then it might be nice to start your new business with a healthy load of stock. So instead of ordering your normal monthly order of a thousand keyboards you might decide to buy six thousand keyboards, all on credit.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘That credit that never gets paid. That leaves someone high and dry. You’d know, if you were Khalid, that you’d never see the bill.’
‘Exactly.’
St Cloud said, ‘Okay, I can see if you were a lot of honest trading mouses-manufacturers are going to be seriously fucked off by such a situation. But it doesn’t tell me everything. It doesn’t tell me for example why someone has employed a Private Enquiry Agent to sit in a shabby car and watch the place.’ 
Martins said, ‘Retention of title.’
St Cloud said, ‘Now it begins to sound like boxing.’
‘If you sell something to a company and they haven’t paid for it, then you’ve got it – “retention of title”. This means it’s your legal right to go and get your stuff back, including six thousand keyboards if you were owed for them. But you’ve got to find them first. The whisper that says that ABC Tec is in a lot of trouble also says that when this prepack administration takes place and ABC Tec turns into ABC Holdings, then when the suppliers get a warrant to go into that railway arch they’re going to find nothing but bricks.’
‘Six thousand keyboards will have gone missing?’
‘That’s the whisper.’
St Cloud said, ‘I see. So, having heard this whisper, you’re sitting here watching the place so that if anybody tries to ship out any goods you can follow them off and find out where they go.’
‘More or less. They’ll probably end up in a warehouse in Liverpool or Manchester.’
‘Though you must admit my car’s a bit small for large scale movement of computer equipment.’
Solly Martins finished his coffee. St Cloud feared for a moment he was going to yell for another one.
St Cloud said, ‘You’re an odd one, Martins. One minute you’re a cocktease and the next you’re a Y-legged nympho on Blue Tube. You didn’t tell me all that for the good of your health, did you, or to make a square deal.’
Martins said, ‘Maybe not.’
‘So?’
Martins shrugged. ‘From what you said, you’re heading back into that railway arch on Monday morning to pick your girl up. When you do it might be really handy to know things.’
‘Like whether there’s six thousand keyboards inside?’
‘You got it.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Serendipity. I feel a deal coming on.’
‘Sounds like it.’
‘But that’s not until Monday. They could ship that stuff out any time. Don’t you have to watch the place at night?’
Martins nodded. ‘I’ve got a mate who does the nights. Change over at seven.’
‘Okay.’ St Cloud pocketed Solly Martins’s card. ‘Look, I’ll call you on Sunday night and you can tell me what six thousand keyboards looks like – or whatever it is you’re looking for. How many boxes, what they look like, you know what I mean. In the meantime Solly if you see my girl then you’re to call me. And you can pass it on to your night duty mate as well. My phone is on, always on.’
Solly Martins nodded. ‘Okay.’ 
He got up to leave.
St Cloud had a sudden thought.
He said, ‘Wait – ’
Martins sat back down. 
‘These suppliers who are owed money. You’re working for all of them? Or just one?’
‘Just one.’
‘What about the others?’
Martins shrugged. ‘Might not have heard the whispers. Might not have decided to do anything about it.’
St Cloud said, ‘Hmm. But they might. Yes?’
‘Yes.’
‘And if they had, they might also want to have the place watched to see what happens to the goods.’
‘It’s possible.’
‘But you haven’t clocked anyone else watching, have you?’
‘No.’
‘Not from the outside.’
‘You mean – ’
‘I mean somebody might be watching from inside. A new employee, perhaps.’
‘You’re thinking – ’
Yes, he was thinking. A girl with a new haircut and a new name.
Alice. 
Except she had phoned in sick today. Which might mean anything. Anything like she had already found out what somebody needed to know, might be a step ahead of Martins.
He said, ‘Okay. Look, I’ll get the coffees. Look after yourself, Solly. I’ll call you Sunday if I don’t hear from you before that.’
And of course, he wouldn’t. He had a sudden conviction that Alice Dolores had done her last ever shift at ABC Tec. 


Bonnie went out again, so St Cloud spent a lazy evening on the sofa with whisky and cigarettes and a lot of ponderous thoughts about whether somebody had paid Alice Dolores to spy on ABC Tec. That started a lot more ponderous thoughts, about who might have paid her to spy on Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd and Miss Keppel and why, and what she may have found out. At around eight he got a call from a number he didn’t recognise, hoping it was Solly Martins or his night-shift partner with some news, or even Graham Goff with a name and address. But these were hard yards, and the phone call was from none of these people. There was a muffled background on the phone and then an accented voice said, ‘Hello. Is this Mr St Cloud, please?’
‘That’s right.’
‘You come to my office today. My office.’
‘What?’ There was hubbub in the background, and St Cloud heard only ‘my office’ and more hubbub.
‘You came to my office today. At – ’ there was a pause – ‘A – B – C at Talgarth Road.’
He had a thought. ‘Is this Mr Khalid I’m speaking to?’
‘Yes, yes, Khalid, yes.’
 ‘What do you want, Mr Khalid?’
‘You came to see me today. Can you tell me, who has sent you, please?’
St Cloud said simply, ‘I explained to your deputy, Mr Goff – ’
‘Mr Goff not my deputy.’
‘I explained – ’
‘He does not speak for me.’
‘No – ’
‘If he tells you he is my deputy then that is wrong. He does not speak for me. Explain to me please. Why did you not make an appointment with me? If you had made an appointment with me, then I would have rearranged my diary and I would have met with you.’

‘I didn’t need to meet you, Mr Khalid. I just wanted to know about one of your employees. I think she might be the person I am trying to trace.’
‘Why did you not make an appointment to ask me this question?’
‘I wasn’t sure it was her. Mr Goff was able to help me.’
‘Mr Goff is not my deputy. Do you hear me? Not my deputy. He does not speak for me.’
‘So I gather.’
‘If Mr Goff – ’
He broke in, ‘Now I’m speaking to you personally maybe you can answer the questions that I had asked Mr Goff. You have a new girl, started there a week or so ago. Her name is Natalie. She was off sick today. Can you tell me her home address, phone number?’
‘You must make an appointment to see me.’
‘Really? Just for that information?’
‘Yes. I do not know who has sent you and you will need to make an appointment to see me in my office.’
‘Can’t you at least tell me her full name, her surname?’
‘You must – ’
‘Mr Goff told me you’d know it.’
‘Mr Goff does not – ’
‘I get it.’ St Cloud stubbed his cigarette out in the ashtray, and sat up. Then he ran a hand through his hair. He needed a cool beer and a hot shower and a good night’s sleep. ‘Look, Mr Khalid, how about we make that appointment for Monday morning, first thing, in your office. Then you can introduce me to the girl herself and I can ask her what I want to know.’
‘Yes, yes. I will be there from nine. What is the name of your company?’
‘Nine?’
‘Nine. What is the name of your company?’
‘I have no company.’
‘Well, who are you working for?’
He thought of the ladies in Dante Gardens, and wondered how it would sound. So he decided to be awkward.
‘I can’t tell you that, Mr Khalid. Maybe on Monday.’
‘Mr Goff told me you said there might be a reward of some sort.’
St Cloud said evenly, ‘Mr Goff doesn’t speak for me, either.’
There was a silence. Then Khalid said, ‘I will see you on Monday morning. Nine o’clock.’
He sighed, and cut the call. Nine o’clock on a Monday morning was for other people. He wondered what Solly Martins would make of it. Probably he wouldn’t be surprised that Khalid was getting leery of unexpected visitors. He looked at his phone for a while, and then sent Bonnie a text, which said: Think I have found my missing girl. Hope you’re having a nice time. X
About a half hour later she replied:
That’s good. Be late. Don’t wait up. X
That was a pretty empty message, he decided.


When he got up he checked his phone in hope rather than expectation and found nothing from Solly Martins or anybody else, so he figured finding the girl would take until Monday at least. He was about to award himself the weekend off when he remembered three things: first, his conviction that she might never return to ABC Tec; second, that it might not even be her in the first place; and third, the photographs on the phone. He hated insurance policies. But it might not hurt to have one in this case.
 He took himself down to the Elephant and found the seedy little internet café, where he sat in a plastic bucket seat and Googled the Royal Horticultural Society. It had 3,170,000 hits. He wondered how the hell a horticultural society could get three million hits and decided they were probably those three million people he never met. He avoided the “online plant finder” and went to “Shows and Events”, where he discovered that the Society ran the annual London Flower Show and the last of these had been at Olympia back in the spring. Then he clicked out of it, went back and googled “love+blooms”, which produced a lot of earnest, fluffy Facebook pages and a bit of outdoor porn. The former was full of suicidal teenage poets, and the latter was a lot of the old routine – hand job, blowjob, trampoline, spray.
 Next he called Olympia and told them he was phoning from “Love Blooms” and asked if he could book a stand for next year’s show, and could he have the same stand as last year.
There was a lot of clicking and then the girl said, ‘Is that A127?’
‘Yes.’
‘Okay. Hold on.’
He said, ‘Listen, we’ve had a bit of a reorganisation within our business. I don’t remember which of us made the booking with you last year. Can you help out?’
‘Hold on.’
There was a lot more clicking, then she said,
‘We dealt with someone called Helen Lees.’
“H”, the file name of the photo had said. That all made sense. He muttered: ‘Oh. She’s from our other branch. I’d better let her know we’re looking at doing the booking from this branch so we don’t duplicate. Maybe you can help out. Do you have a phone number for her on last year’s booking?’
‘Just a landline.’ The girl reeled off an 0208 number. St Cloud grabbed a pen and scrawled it on his hand, next to the word “Helen”.
St Cloud said, ‘Thanks. Listen, I’d better give Helen a call first and then come back to you and confirm the booking. Would that be okay?’
‘That would be fine.’
He switched the phone off and put his feet up. Maybe he could do insurance policies, after all. He considered calling Graham Goff or Solly Martins, then decided not to, and then tossed up between going back to bed and seeing Bonnie, and calling Helen Lees. To his amazement, he chose the latter.
‘Helen Lees?’
‘Speaking.’
Helen Lees had a nice voice, clean and bright like new glass.
‘Is that “Love Blooms”, then?’
‘Yes, that’s right.’
‘Is that some kind of garden centre?’
Helen Lees laughed, a Newnham College laugh.
‘Most people think we’re a dating agency. We’re a shop, actually. We sell plants.’
‘Oh. Whereabouts are you?’
‘Notting Dale. Just up from Notting Hill Gate tube.’
‘Oh. Isn’t that a bit odd, selling plants in the middle of the city?’
She laughed again. ‘Not really. Lots of people want to grow plants, you know.’
‘So they can pretend they’re in the country?’
‘So they can brighten up their lives.’
‘Plants can do that?’
‘That and a lot more.’
‘Gadzooks.’
She said, ‘Anyhow. How can I help you? Do you want to buy some plants?’
‘No.’
‘Then – ?’
‘I have a rather odd request, I’m afraid.’
‘Shoot.’
‘Okay.’ And then despite himself he said, ‘Actually, I like girls who say “shoot”.’
She purred, ‘And I like men who say “Gadzooks”. But I have got a shop to run.’
‘Yes, sorry. Look, the thing is – I’m looking for somebody. On behalf of somebody else, that is. And I think this somebody is a friend of yours.’
‘Of mine?’
‘Yes. If you’re Helen Lees.’
‘I am. How come you think that?’
‘Well, I found a couple of pictures that she had taken, and I think they’re of you.’ 
‘How do you know it’s me?’
‘I worked it out.’
‘Do you even know what I look like?’
‘No. But you’re brunette, pretty, slim, tall – aren’t you?’
She laughed again. He’d never known a girl laugh so much.
She said, ‘I don’t know any girl who wouldn’t say yes to that.’
‘Good.’
But it was hardly fingerprints or dental records.
Helen Lees asked, ‘Which friend of mine are you looking for?’
‘Her name is Alice Dolores.’
‘Oh.’
‘Oh?’
‘Oh.’
‘Care to expand?’
‘I said “oh” because well, I’ve never heard of anyone called that. So I think you must be wrong, after all, and it must be some other pretty, slim, tall brunette you’ve seen in the photo. What a disappointment.’
St Cloud said, ‘Don’t be so hasty. Actually her name might not be Alice Dolores, but that’s a completely different story and one that would take me an age to tell. Why don’t I come over and show you the picture I found. I’ve got a photo of the Dolores girl, too. I can compare the former and you can compare the latter, and then we can both decide if we’re barking up the wrong tree.’
She said, ‘I’m not barking up any tree.’
He said, ‘But I could show you, maybe?’
‘Okay. Shop’s open til two this afternoon. It gets quiet after one ish, so that might be the best time.’
‘I’ll come then.’
‘347A Notting Dale.’
‘Fine. See you then.’
He went back upstairs and pushed open the door. Bonnie was in bed, lying on her side. He picked up the covers and got in beside her, and kissed the back of her neck. Then he ran his hand down the side of her face, and her shoulder, and her waist, and then back up again.
She whispered, ‘What’s that on your hand?’
He said simply, ‘A girl’s name and telephone number.’
‘Michael – ’
‘It’s work.’
‘Yes. It always is.’
‘Would you rather it wasn’t?’
‘Yes.’
‘You don’t mean that.’
‘I do.’
‘Bonnie – ’
She turned over. Even without war paint she looked a trillion dollars.
‘Oh, Bonnie.’
She studied him for a minute, then said suddenly, ‘Can we go somewhere this afternoon? I don’t care where. The river, maybe. Or one of the parks. Or the cinema. I meant to say, there’s I Confess at the South Bank.’
He shook his head.
‘No can do. Sorry. I’ve got an appointment to see someone.’
‘The girl whose name is written on your hand?’
‘Yes.’
‘For work?’
‘For work.’
She sighed. Then he brought a hand up to her face, and stroked it. He said, ‘Not for ages, though,’ and brushed her lips with his. She pulled away. He said,
‘Bonnie, what is it?’
She said, ‘Nothing,’ and rolled back towards him. She unbuttoned his shirt, and he lost sight of her in the darkness.


Notting Hill Gate is a tired fleshpot, a double streak concrete jungle with lurking undercrofts, tepid tattoo parlours, and vim-sapping chain stores. It is not the Notting Hill of popular concept, that comfortable cornucopia of middle-class bookshops and organic cafés and out-there markets – that Notting Hill only exists in the interiors of the minds of the people in the interiors of the terraced houses, in those oak kitchens and breakfast bars of the broadsheet browsers, where men masturbate then moisturise before they cycle to new-media non-jobs, and do a little coke with their Chablis on a Saturday night, not knowing who bought it or how or when or who from, while their PR-plastic girlfriends can’t come without reaching for the rabbit. Every third terrace of these is Housing Association and gone to wretched shit, full of crack addicts and squatters and prominents on that organ of the times, the Sex Offenders’ Register. In August it all closes down for “Carnival”, a euphemism: a brigade of mobile monoliths pump cheap calypso while black people pretend to like reggae and white people pretend to like black people. The bombast of the sound systems submerges the place in those throatier regions of the lower register and covers up the cries of the fat mommas getting screwed and the thin schoolboys getting stabbed. It’s a holiday weekend.
On this Saturday the bright yellow signs advertising Carnival were being sellotaped to the lampposts by people in baseball caps as St Cloud passed out of the tube station, along the Gate and up towards Notting Dale. It was 1 o’clock in West London and getting savagely hot. Girls squeezed sun cream on to their hands and dragged it across pale, bony shoulders; steam rose from cars; dogs flicked lazy tongues at flies; people argued at the tops of their voices through open windows; and everybody, but everybody, sighed. Behind all this there was that high-pitched little hum that accompanies hot days in London, that sound that might be the air-con or the radio or the first gasp of the city ready to explode. And in the midst of it, sandwiched between a dull franchise pub and a computer games shop – both of them smelling of sweat and brimful of geek-chic – he found it:  Love Blooms.
Inside it was cool and shady and smelt of sweet, natural things. Around the place were dotted pot plants of various sizes, from little begonias to decorate the fourteenth floor of the World’s End up to bay trees in clay pots to adorn the piles of Kensington Church Street. Above the plants were draped nets, a kind of jungle effect. He looked out to the hot, buzzy day and decided that this wasn’t a bad place to spend it. 
The shop was empty. As he approached the rear a voice from a back room called, ‘Be with you in a minute’, in a light, sing-song kind of way. He browsed along the pot plants for a minute or two, but he knew nothing about any of it. Then a girl emerged from the back room with her hair tied behind her head and wearing a dark green apron, which she wiped her hands down as she walked. 
It was the girl in the photographs.
St Cloud said, ‘Helen Lees?’
‘Yes, that’s right. Oh – are you the man I spoke to on the phone? About this photograph?’
He nodded. ‘The very same.’
‘And am I what you’re looking for?’
She gave an irrepressible laugh. For some reason, he felt suddenly foolish, foolish and embarrassed. He said,
‘You’re certainly the girl in the pictures.’
‘Oh.’
She didn’t seem to know quite what to make of that. He reached into his pocket and brought out two printed versions of the phone photos. She looked at them, slightly confused for a moment, and then the laugh came back. Then she stopped laughing and looked back at him with a curious expression on her face. She brought out the skating one. She said, ‘This was taken on my birthday last year.’
‘Ally Pally ice rink?’
She nodded.
‘It was hilarious. I’m not exactly professional standard. You can probably see that from the photo.’ 
She passed a thumb across the printout, as if it were a magic lamp to bring back a happy day. Then she said,
‘You said on the phone that a friend of mine had these. Actually I was quite convinced before you arrived it wasn’t going to be me you were after, more like some kind of mistake – or maybe you might be some kind of crank. But no, this is me, this is my birthday. I thought as well about that name you gave me. Alice something.’
‘Alice Dolores.’
‘Yes. I’ve really never heard of her. Honestly, I haven’t. Not any Alice at all, not even through a glass darkly. Oh no – that’s not right, is it? I meant Alice Through the Looking Glass. So now you have me confused. I don’t see how she could have got hold of this photo, your Alice Through the Looking Glass, not if I’ve never even heard of her. Sorry. I’m gabbling.’
He liked gabblers. He asked, ‘You put the photo on Facebook?’
‘Hardly. I’m neither a teenager nor an attention seeker.’
He liked that, too. ‘What about the name Nat?’
‘Nat?’
‘Natalie. Any friends called that?’
‘No. At least, not off the top of my head.’
He said, ‘Okay, then. Now for my next trick.’
He dug into the wallet and pulled out the mousey hair-square glasses photo of the Dolores girl, the photograph that the Keppel had given him back at Dante Gardens. Helen Lees studied it blankly. But then, just as with Graham Goff he saw the movement of the eyes and the little shimmy of the head. Except this time it was followed by a look of something else – sudden, sharp anguish.
Helen Lees said softly, ‘Oh my God.’
He waited for a second, and then said gently, ‘You recognise her?’
She nodded. When she looked back her eyes were a little moist. She said, ‘It’s Moggy.’
‘Moggy?’
‘Imogen. That’s her proper name. Only I called her Moggy. God, yes, of course. I should have guessed. Oh my God.’
He gave her a moment. She looked back at the ice skating photograph, like she was seeing it for the first time. Then she went back to the other one, and said: ‘She looks really different in this photo. I didn’t know she wore glasses, for a start. And her lovely hair – God, it looks really dull here.’ She closed her eyes, and gave a little sob.
St Cloud said, ‘I didn’t mean to upset you. Really, I didn’t.’
‘No, it’s okay. Look – ’ she looked up at him and wiped her eyes. She seemed to remember finally that she was in the shop, her shop, and that somehow she ought to regain some kind of control. She said, ‘Can I get you a cup of tea or coffee or something. I have some out the back. I can shut up the shop for a while.’
‘Well, yes – ’
She slid off the counter and went towards the door. Then abruptly she turned to face him, and said, ‘You’re looking for her. That’s what you said on the phone, you’re looking for someone. That means you don’t know where she is, is that right?’
‘Well,’ – he thought about Goff and Martins and ABC Tec. Actually the truth was that he did know where the girl was, more or less. It might be as simple as waiting for her to turn up to work. In a day or so he might catch up with her and chew the fat over six thousand keyboards. But something about the tears in Helen Lees’ eyes made him not want to tell her any of that. Instead he heard himself say, ‘Not until I find her.’
Helen Lees cried, ‘She’s in trouble, isn’t she? You’re from the police, aren’t you? She’s in trouble with the police.’
She looked like she might get a little hysterical.
He said quickly, ‘Nobody’s police. And she’s not in trouble.’
She drew her fingers along below her eyes, and said, ‘Look, let me get you that cup of tea. I’m sorry.’
‘Sorry?’
‘Yes. First of all I thought it was all a mistake or a joke, and didn’t take you seriously.’
‘That’s okay.’
‘And then when you showed me I started crying. What an idiot you must think me.’
She strode off to the door and turned the lock. Then she turned the little “Open” sign around so that it showed “Closed”. He went through to the back room.


The back was just as cool, at least after Helen Lees opened the windows, for a little breeze wafted in. She made him a coffee – a proper one – and herself a green tea. She got out a tissue and dried her tears, so that there were little black mascara runs down her cheeks, like train tracks running over a sunlit hill. She dabbed at her eyes. She had a nice face, with strong bones and nice eyes, the kind of face that would age well, would always be worth looking at. 
 She said, ‘Moggy came skating with us, of course. I’ve been really stupid, I should have thought of her all along - when you showed me the pictures.’
‘When was the skating?’
‘My thirtieth, last year. That must have been just after she moved in. It’s really no wonder she had that photograph.’
‘Moved in? You used to live together?’
‘She shared my flat in Swiss Cottage. For a while.’
‘As a friend?’
Helen Lees found the ghost of a smile. ‘Not as a lipstick lesbian, if that’s what you think.’
He didn’t. He said uncomfortably, ‘Maybe this would all be a lot easier if I put my cards on the table. Your friend, Mog – Imogen – what’s her surname, by the way?’
‘Bell.’
‘Imogen Bell. She’s not in trouble, at least not in the sort of trouble you mean when you say somebody’s in trouble. She seems to have been working for a woman in a flat in Earl’s Court – as some sort of secretary. Living in there, too. And then one evening not that long ago she just upped and left without saying goodbye. The old lady grew pretty fond of her. She wants her to come back and work there some more.’
She asked, ‘Why did she ask you? Are you a friend?’
He laughed and shook his head. ‘Hell, no. I don’t have any friends.’
‘Then – ’
‘I’m a different animal entirely. I used to work for the Metropolitan Police.’
‘I thought you said – ’
‘But not as a cop. And the important point is the past tense. I used to work for them. I don’t any more.’
‘What did you do?’
‘Specialist intervention.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘It means the things they don’t put on the website.’
‘I’m not sure I understand.’
‘I used to work in homicide and terrorism. The scientific side of investigation. Look, it doesn’t matter any more.’
He sounded like Buddy Holly. And he probably meant it as much as Buddy did, which meant hardly at all.
She said, ‘You don’t look old enough to have retired.’
‘No.’ 
There was an awkward silence, and then he said:
‘Look, something happened and I got bounced out, which left me with a lot of time on my hands to go visit old ladies in Earl’s Court and get paid handsomely to look for people who they can’t find any more. It’s not my idea of fun and I don’t like it much, but I have to live with the consequences of my actions.’
Her face crumpled a little.
She asked, ‘What did you do wrong?’
‘I’d rather not talk about it. It ended badly.’
‘For you?’
‘For the other guy.’
‘Oh.’
He sniffed. ‘Well, look at us. We don’t know each other from Adam. First I ask you a lot of awkward questions, and you reciprocate. It’s like an uncomfortable game of tennis.’
She smiled.
Heartened, he continued: ‘My turn again. Now I’ve told you Imogen isn’t in trouble and that nobody’s going to hurt her maybe you can tell me a little more. Like why you cried when you saw her photograph.’
She said, ‘Do you want another coffee?’
‘Okay.’
She got up and went to the little sink. Without turning round she said, ‘I’m sorry. It was a bit of a shock. And that photo – I almost didn’t think it was her, she looked so different.’
‘Because of the glasses?’
‘Because of everything. It’s like one of those photos you get in the paper of Nicole Kidman or Sandra Bullock or someone in high school. Only when you look – I mean really look – do you realise it’s her.’
He asked, ‘What happened to her, can I ask? Between her going skating on your thirtieth and you crying when you saw her photograph? It isn’t the usual way of friendship.’
‘No.’ She filled a cafetiére, and put the kettle on for more green tea. Then she placed white, ringless fingers on the edge of the sink and pressed down ever so slightly, like she was pushing something away from her. Looking out of the window, she said, ‘Can we deal with the skating first?’
‘If you like.’
She turned and brought the cups back to the little table. He picked up the printed photo of her skating and passed it back to her. Helen Lees said,
‘That was my birthday. Imogen was there, and Robert – that’s my husband – and a group of our friends.’
She had a husband and ringless fingers. He wondered what that meant.
He remarked, ‘It looks like you had a good time.’
‘Have you ever done it?’
He said, ‘The only skating I do is coruscating.’
She laughed and cried out, ‘Oh, you lovely man. Long words, and everything.’
‘And everything.’ He drank his coffee.
‘Well if you’d done any of the other kind of skating you’d know it isn’t completely fun. Some of my friends were miserable about it, feet didn’t fit in the boots, and they didn’t want to fall over, just sat on the side.’
‘And Imogen? Did she sit on the side?’
‘Imogen was fun. She was just great.’
He said, ‘Good,’ without knowing why. ‘Maybe we had better fast forward.’
‘Yes.’ A shadow passed across her face. ‘If we must.’
‘In your own time.’
‘Well, actually – yes, well, I have some sympathy with the woman who asked you to look for her in – where was it?’
‘Earl’s Court.’
‘Oh, yes. You see, it isn’t the first time Imogen has upped and left without a word. She did it to me, too. Not just to me but to all of us.’
‘All of you?’
‘Our circle of friends. It all happened earlier on this year. We went for the day out to Broadstairs, Imogen, me, Robert, and a couple of other friends. We got the train back and everyone stayed over at the flat. When we all woke up Imogen was gone.’
‘Gone?’
‘Yes.’
‘And that was the last you saw of her?’
Helen Lees nodded. ‘The very last time.’
‘You said earlier this year. When are we talking about, exactly?’
‘The spring. About three months or so ago.’
He assimilated this. That would have been many weeks before she went to work at Dante Gardens, and roughly around the time she was making the last of the calls and texts that were still on her phone. Everything since must have been deleted. Everything except the call to ABC Tec, that was.
He asked, ‘The date. Can you be more specific?’
‘Not really. I could ask the others. I remember it was after that week when the woman killed her children and left them in the boot of the car. I remember us talking about it on the train going down, about how somebody could do that.’
He vaguely remembered it.
‘Did you report her missing?’
‘My husband did. I’m not sure it was that – well, coherent.’ She cradled her cup. ‘Look, Mr St Cloud, it was a sunny spring day. We all got pretty drunk that day in Broadstairs. We were off our faces, in fact. When we got back to town some of our friends came back to the flat, and we all just crashed out. I was as out of it as anyone. It was all a bit crazy. So we didn’t know or remember what time Imogen went to bed, or what her plans were. Robert – my husband – thought that she’d said something about looking for another job. She wasn’t happy in her’s, something had gone wrong with it. But he wasn’t sure. So we didn’t know whether she’d said she was going out the following day to look for something, or where to. And I’d got so pissed I’d lost my handbag in Broadstairs and my keys were in it and my purse and my phone, and so we didn’t know if Imogen had tried to call me or send me a text so we didn’t know if she was missing. And – ’
She hesitated.
St Cloud prodded, ‘Go on.’
‘Well, this is stupid. But Imogen was a bit funny that night.’
‘Unhappy?’
‘No. Just odd. She hadn’t drunk that much, either. Not as much as me, anyway. She was just a bit odd.’
‘Drugs?’
Helen shook her head. ‘Don’t think so.’
‘Was that possible?’
‘Difficult to tell with Imogen but I never saw her do any.’
He thought about all of this. ‘But you did report her missing?’
She nodded. ‘Robert did. Except nobody really followed it up, and because we didn’t know if she’d just got the hump and stomped off somewhere, we didn’t either. We did go to her work, though, to see if she was there.’
‘And?’
‘It was a shop in Bayswater. The owner wasn’t very helpful. He said there had been trouble, but he didn’t say what kind of trouble and he was really unhelpful. He said she’d stopped working there. We left a note with him for her, and he said he’d pass it on if she turned up. But she didn’t call. Of course, she didn’t know I’d lost my phone, so that didn’t help.’ 
She welled up again. He put a hand out and touched hers. She smiled gratefully. He wondered if he should tell her that Imogen was now a straight-haired brunette working at ABC Tec. He decided that kind of information could wait. He said,
‘Tell me about her. How did you get to know her?’
Helen brightened. ‘It was sudden. A bit like magic, actually. She arrived out of the blue one day, here in the shop. She asked if there were any jobs going. Like I said, she wasn’t happy at the shop she worked at. Well, there weren’t. But we got talking then, and she told me about these horrible rows she was having with her boyfriend. And then we went to the pub for lunch.’ Her eyes shone for a moment, and he could once again see the wellsprings of tears. ‘She was so – lovely. Just lovely. Perfect. Smart and funny, and full of lovely jokes. We just sort of got on, right from the start. We met up for drinks. And then I introduced her to some of my friends, and to Robert, and everybody just really liked her.’
‘Did she have friends of her own?’
‘Well, no, not really. Except that pig of a boyfriend but we never saw him. Eventually he threw her out and she came to live with us in Swiss Cottage. I always had the impression she’d had a hard time of things in life – with parents, maybe, that kind of thing. She used to say that Robert and I were her family now, us and her other friends. You can see, can’t you – why it was upsetting when she went.’
‘Yes. It must have hurt.’
‘It did. At first I thought I’d upset her. But then she didn’t come back. I used to think about her all the time, you know – where she was, what she was doing. Do you know, though, it’s funny – all along, even when we were best of friends, I always thought it might end like that – that she might be up to something, in some sort of trouble, that she and I weren’t going to be best friends for ever.’
‘Up to something?’
‘Yes. Sounds stupid, doesn’t it. But – look I should tell you this. I wouldn’t have told the police if they had asked, but – well, anyway. About two weeks after she disappeared two men turned up at the flat. They were quite smart, and not too rough looking, but they were looking for her and they wouldn’t say who they were. But Robert said he saw them hanging around the street a couple of days later. Nothing else happened. We were a bit unsettled by it. We weren’t used to it, that sort of thing.’
‘Did they threaten you?’
‘No, no. They just were insistent. They wanted to see her room, and her things, as well. But all she left was a few clothes.’
St Cloud nodded. That certainly sounded familiar.
‘These men leave any contact numbers?’
Helen Lees shook her head.
‘No. It was all quite mysterious.’
He drank up the coffee. ‘I should go. I’m probably losing you custom.’
‘I was about to closed up anyway.’ She looked at him with honest brown eyes. ‘Do you really have to go?’
He said awkwardly, ‘I’ve taken up enough of your time. I’m sure you have better things to do on a Saturday afternoon.’
‘Actually I quite like you.’
‘Oh. You do?’
‘Yes.’
‘Because I say “Gadzooks”?’
‘Because you’re a good listener. And you didn’t do what I feared.’
‘Which was?’
‘Jump to conclusions.’
‘Oh. What kind of conclusions?’
‘That Imogen and I must have argued. That’s what the police would have thought. It sounds ridiculous to say this now, given what I have just told you. But we were really – really – the best of friends.’
He said, ‘Yes. I understand.’
He looked at his watch, and said, ‘Helen, can I have your phone number?’
She burst out laughing.
‘And there was me being so cool. Have we reached that stage already?’
‘No,’ he said quickly. ‘No, not like that. I just – there might be news, that’s all.’
‘News?’
‘Look – listen, I haven’t really told you the full story. The fact is, I think I know where she is now. Imogen Bell.’
Helen Lees sat up. ‘You do?’
‘Maybe. Well, more than maybe. Actually, all being well, I expect to see her in forty-eight hours.’
‘My God.’ She let this sink in. ‘You weren’t going to tell me?’
He said, ‘I’m not sure. I don’t know what to say.’
She looked down at the table and thought for a moment. Then she murmured, ‘Can you tell me? Where she is?’
He thought of Graham Goff, the spunk-stained boiler suit and those avaricious, rubber features; and he thought of Solly Martins, far from sure she could be one of the girls he had seen coming and going. He said to Helen Lees, ‘I think maybe I’d better wait. It really might not be her. I’d like to be sure, first.’
‘Oh.’
‘Don’t be disappointed.’
‘And when you’re sure?’
‘I don’t know. I’d need to think about what to do. She left you back in the spring. She left the old woman two weeks ago. Both times she seems to have gone willingly and pretty much of her own accord. I don’t know what she will say.’
‘No.’
‘I could ask her, of course. If she wants you to know where she is.’
 ‘I suppose. But, look – you could at least tell her hello, couldn’t you? From me.’
He nodded. ‘I don’t see why not. Let me take your number and I’ll call you, and tell you one way or the other.’
She nodded thoughtfully. ‘Okay. That’d be nice.’
‘Good.’
‘Mr St Cloud – do you have a first name?’
‘Michael. But people call me St Cloud.’
‘People? I thought you said you don’t have any friends.’
‘Other people.’
‘Can I call you Michael?’
He smiled. ‘If you must.’
She said, ‘Good. Well look, Michael. Here’s a thought. You can say no if you like. But we’re going over to friends tonight. Someone we know is opening a little art gallery in West Kensington. He’s called John Antrobus. He knew Imogen too – he might be able to help you. In fact – in fact I did wonder if they might be about to become an item, just before she disappeared.’
‘Oh. Really?’
‘Yes. She was rather mysterious – you know that already of course. Why else would you be here. But I did get the impression she was seeing somebody, a man. I had hoped it was John. He’s nice. I was hoping she might tell me. She never did.’
‘And afterwards? Did this John Antrobus tell you any more?’
‘No. He seemed as surprised as the rest of us that she’d gone.’
‘Oh.’
She said, ‘I’ll get you a card.’ Then she went to the side, and came back with a card between her index and middle fingers. It was yellow and it said, “The Clapham Omnibus. New Wing”.
St Cloud said, ‘Your friend already has a gallery?’
‘Yes. This is his second. It’s exciting.’
St Cloud wrinkled his nose. ‘He’s an artist?’
‘No. A businessman. Don’t you like artists?’
‘Better than I like businessmen.’
‘Oh dear.’ She grinned. ‘It starts at eight. There’s drinks. I’ll introduce you.’
‘I don’t know. Maybe. Anyway – you were going to give me your number.’
She chided, ‘Mr Insistent,’ in a light kind of way, and then said: ‘Actually, you already have it. You called me on it this morning. And I noticed the minute you came in the shop that it’s written here.’
She reached out and lifted his hand. Then she passed her thumb across the biro writing, faint but still legible.
He said, ‘But that was just the shop. I don’t have your mobile.’
She didn’t let go of his hand. ‘I don’t have one.’
‘I thought everybody did, now.’ He had said the same to Miss Keppel a couple of nights ago, only without the hand-holding.
‘I opted out. I decided not to replace the last one after I left it to the seagulls in Broadstairs with my keys and my handbag. I hate them, you see – mobile phones. I think they turn everybody into a number, and I hate that. So I just get phoned at the shop.’
He said, ‘What if I wanted to call you outside shop hours?’
Her hand remained on his. ‘Would you really need to call me that urgently?’
He muttered softly, ‘I might.’
She opened his hand and gave it a soft little squeeze. ‘Then you can call me on 07780-319-102.’
‘I thought you didn’t have a mobile.’
She said, ‘I don’t,’ and whispered coquettishly into his ear, ‘It’s my husband’s.’
Very slowly, she let his hand go. He got to his feet, turned and walked out through the shop. When he got as far as the Tube station he realised a couple of things: first, that he liked Helen Lees, even if she did have brown eyes; and second, that the mobile number she had just given him was the same one as that which had made all those calls, and sent all those desperate texts, to Alice Dolores.


Half way to the Tube station he realised with a start that he had left his phone turned off. Now it buzzed with a text. He guessed it was Bonnie trying to find out where he was.
He was wrong. It was Solly Martins:
Mr Cloud your girl went into work at ABC Tec today at 2 o’clock.
‘Shit,’ he said, and reached for the call button. He got a couple of buzzes but no answer. He looked at his watch: 4.05. An hour since the text had been sent; two since the girl had been seen. He had messed up. He should have been more diligent. He waited ten minutes, then tried to call again, only he didn’t get any answer this time, either. He looked about him: Notting Hill carried onwards into the shimmering ether of the summer Saturday, beads of sweat appearing on the jaded, disappointed brows, caring only for past opportunities and half-remembered dreams. He could do one of two things – either he could go home and go squashy, and start spending Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s money on cigarettes and alcohol, or he could decide to get interested.  He decided on the latter.
He headed back to the tube and took the Circle Line back to South Kensington, got on to the District and took it to Hammersmith. When he got there he sped through the nightmarish subterranean shopping mall and out, across the one-way system and the Putney Bridge Road, and down the terraced little streets. He turned into Mahalgrave Mews. It was deserted. There was no sign of Solly Martins’s Ford Focus and nobody around in the street outside, not even the burger girl with the brimless hat. He wandered as far as the front shutters. The place was evidently closed for the day. He tried Solly again on the phone, two or three times, but it just rang. He climbed the metal steps up to the outside of ABC Tec and rapped on the door. All he got in response was an echo. He had a wander about the outside of the other disused arches but that was just zero, too. 
After about an hour of this he gave up and went home.


Halfway through the Elephant he got a call from a landline he didn’t recognise, and answered it. But this one wasn’t information. Quite the contrary, it was a fishing expedition; one in a glass-bottomed boat.
‘Mr St Cloud?’
‘Miss Keppel? Have you heard from Alice?’
‘Us? No.’
‘Then – ’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was curious as to whether or not there was some kind of news.’ It was one of those stupid sentences the upper classes formulate, with a descending whine like a jet plane coming into land. He said lamely,
‘I’ve made some enquiries.’
‘You have?’
He might have imagined it, but the Keppel sounded a little less than believing. He insisted, ‘Yes, I have,’ and then said, through gritted teeth, ‘if you wait until Monday I may be able to give you a comprehensive account of the business.’
He didn’t hear the reply: somewhere ahead a couple of teenage boys laughed in that doubled up way of theirs, and the laugh bounced off the walls. Despite the stuffiness they still wore baseball caps, and they still looked stupid. St Cloud ducked into the doorway of a shop so he could hear a little better. Women passed him, brushing close, big mamas; they went inside and sang bullfrog while their big, black hands swished rags on racks. St Cloud caught the shop’s name: “Sensational”. He wondered what Trading Standards would make of it.
He said, ‘What’s that?’ 
The Keppel said, ‘The reference you make to Monday. Does this mean that you have made some progress?’
He said, ‘Well – ’
‘But you have some expectations?’
‘Perhaps.’
‘Perhaps? Otherwise I do not understand you reference to Monday, Mr St Cloud.’
‘I used it figuratively.’
‘Figuratively?’
Damn it. He had to get out of the Elephant, get out of the heat, get out of this shitty world where these kind of people got to play quarterback. This wasn’t how it should be; this wasn’t how it used to be. He brought the phone away from his ear and wiped sweat from his brow. A woman in the shop yelled something incomprehensible and looked meanly at him. He stared back in a you-wanna-fight-we’ll-fight kind of a way, and said into the phone:
‘Look, Miss Keppel. The fact is that yes, I might – I mean might not have, mark you – I might have made some progress over the last couple of days. And I might know what your girl is up to now. That doesn’t mean that I know where she lives or that I can just go and say hello or that she’s going to want to click her ruby slippers and say “there’s no place like home”. It isn’t that straightforward.’
‘I see.’
There was a silence. He wasn’t sure what he had been expecting, but he didn’t think it was silence. Women came out of the clothes shop. They didn’t look clucky. They didn’t look overwrought. They just looked neutral.
Eventually Miss Keppel said:
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd will be pleased to hear there is progress.’
‘Good, well, then, I guess –’
‘There is one more thing.’
‘Oh. Okay.’ He braced himself for something tedious – more information, or more bullshit, or – worst of all – money talk.
Instead it was something unexpected.
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd asks that you call on us tomorrow and take afternoon tea.’
He cried, ‘Uh?’ before he could help himself.
‘Afternoon tea. We normally take it at four o’clock.’
He was lost for words.
These women were crazy, after all. 
He said, ‘I don’t know.’
That got the silent treatment again, so he found himself mumbling, ‘I would think Monday is when I might be able –’
She broke in, ‘I will explain to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd that we should be unlikely to receive further advice from you until Monday, in respect of Alice.’
‘Oh. Then – ’
‘We like to invite one or two acquaintances and neighbours. So you can see, it would not be very proper to discuss your – well, your assignment – in too much detail, in any event.’
‘Yes, no, yes’ said St Cloud aimlessly, trying to take it in.
‘Four o’clock, then.’
She hung up. He said, ‘Fucking hell,’ to nobody in particular. The big mama looked ready to square up. He backed out of the shop and back into the shopping centre, and then headed out of the glass doors away from the noise and the spicy smell, and back to the outside world. Then he walked down the Walworth Road past the usual motley collection of shibboleths and returned to Cadiz Street. When he got there he found to his dismay that Bonnie was leaning over the mantelpiece looking in the mirror, putting lipstick on. She wore a little black thing with black shoes and no tights. He said, ‘You’re going out again?’
‘I told you I was.’
‘I thought you wanted to go to the river, the park, the cinema? I Confess, wasn’t it?’
‘That was this afternoon.’
‘Oh. But – ’
 I’m going to Tam’s. For that party I told you about. I asked if you wanted to come?’
‘You did?’
‘You said no.’
Yes, he’d have said no. He hated Tamsin. He hated her sorrowful eyes and the ditzy way she shook her head like someone had speared it with a pole and was jousting with it. He said, ‘Okay, then,’ and flopped on to the sofa. There was a window open. It put a little breeze through the room. Bonnie threw a glance behind him, and smiled. His heart thumped. She looked more than a million dollars. She looked like the National Debt.
She said, ‘There’s some food in the fridge if you want to make yourself dinner.’
‘It’s okay,’ he said. ‘I’ll go out.’
She turned round and said, a little pathetically, ‘Where?’
‘Someone invited me somewhere. The opening of their art gallery.’
‘Really?’
‘Yes, really.’
‘Without me?’
‘It happens. Anyway, you’re going to a party with Tam. I probably won’t be there that long. I have work going on.’
He had work going on. Solly Martins might pick up, might even lead him to Alice. But as he said the words he heard in their cadence the empty steel rattle of nothing, and he knew Bonnie heard it too. She asked, ‘Haven’t you found your girl yet?’
He said irritably, ‘I don’t want any other girls. Bonnie – ’
‘You know what I mean. The girl you’re trying to find.’
‘I don’t know. Probably.’ He almost said, “if you wait until Monday I may be able to give you a comprehensive account of the business” but he couldn’t bring himself to. If it hadn’t assuaged the Keppel it sure as hell wasn’t going to work with Bonnie. Instead he said, ‘Bonnie – tomorrow. Look, I’ve been asked to go somewhere. For tea.’
She said incredulously, ‘Tea?’
He nodded sadly. ‘Afternoon tea.’
‘My God. What for?’
He leant his head back on the sofa. ‘Fuck only knows.’
‘Then – ’
‘Will you come with me?’
She turned back to the mirror; she was about to say no, of course, but something made her stop and look at the floor instead. Then, half turning back toward him, she said, ‘If you want me to.’
He said, ‘Yes. I do. Actually, I think – well, it would mean the world to me.’
Now she turned and said, ‘Michael, are you okay?’
She often asked this. She only asked it when she knew he wasn’t okay. It didn’t matter if he said yes or no, because if she asked then the answer was always going to be no, even if he said yes.
So he said, ‘Yes. I’m okay.’
She returned to the lipstick. He watched for about thirty seconds, then decided he couldn’t stand it anymore, so he jumped up and went to the door, ready to climb the stairs. He said, ‘Have a nice time at Tamsin’s.’
She said, ‘I’ll try.’ 
After he had showered and changed and come back downstairs he found her gone. He gave it an hour; time for both him and the city to cool down.


Cadiz Street is a short street running north off the Walworth Road, between a charity shop and a rough pub. On the left is a long wall that hides the back of the oldest and poorest version of a department store that sells everything from skin cream to Swarovski crystal in every town from Wight to Wick; and opposite this is a neat little terrace of houses. The houses are Victorian and spectacularly free of adornments, a testament to Beltring brick and London labour; it is fortressed by a row of cars, jammed tight, some with no tax disc and some with the hospital tag of a wheel clamp. Past the brick wall and the terrace, the street is dominated by the front-facing block of a large low-rise housing estate, the kind that fills the landscape south and east of here as far as the eye can see. Some of these blocks are named after the great mountain ranges, some after the warrior sailors who built the Empire, and some after local dignitaries who held lots of meetings. The block at the end of Cadiz Street is named “Arnold”, after the poet. Naming it after Arnold, however smooth his lyrical flourishes, or insightful his view of religious politics, doesn’t make it a brilliant place to live. Only the bulldozers can do that.
St Cloud lived in the last house of the terrace, at No. 1: the only house that didn’t face the street, off a short, unlit alleyway. As he reached the end of the alleyway he noticed a black Astra parked up in the middle of the street in front of the housing estate with the engine running and no lights on, despite the failing early evening light. The passenger door opened and a man got out. He was tall, dressed in a thin raincoat, jeans and trainers. He said, ‘Hey,’ and walked over. As he got nearer St Cloud saw a face he did not recognise: mixed raced with about three days’ growth of beard and short stubby hair. At the same moment the Astra’s lights came on and the car edged forward until it was level with him. The driver’s window wound down. A white guy was in the driver’s seat with a shaved head and eyes like footballs. St Cloud looked between him and the other man, moving in a slow kind of pincer movement. Both of them had necks as thick as those hams that hang for months from Spanish rafters.
He stopped walking. The car stopped, too.
The guy on foot said, ‘Hey, you.’
St Cloud turned.
‘You, what’s your name?’
St Cloud looked back at him and shrugged. 
The driver’s football eyes went from side to side, crazily.
St Cloud said cheerfully, ‘None of your fucking business.’
The man said, ‘Come on mate. We’re asking politely.’
St Cloud just shrugged, and walked on.
The car edged forward again. The driver said, ‘You. Who are you?’
St Cloud said, ‘Duck. Donald.’
The man said, ‘Yeah?’
St Cloud said, ‘You want to watch out. I’ve got some influential cousins. Huey, Duey – ’
‘Quit that,’ said the driver.
The mixed-race guy took hold of his arm. ‘We want to talk with you.’
St Cloud pulled away.
The car stopped again. The driver barked, ‘Name.’
‘I told you. Duck. That’s to rhyme with – ’
The man yelled, ‘Enough.’
‘ – fuck, which is what you can – ’
Rough hands grabbed him from behind and threw him against the car. The driver opened the door, catching St Cloud in the midriff, and got out. The mixed-race guy turned him over, and patted down his pockets. When they were through with this the driver went to his pocket and pulled out a card, which he pushed into St Cloud’s face. The photograph showed the same face with all the same features present, except the ones caused by the ten intervening years of divorces and the alcohol and the weekends entertaining kids he barely knew. The metal in the badge was cold against his warm skin. St Cloud recognised the gambit: he used to have a card that looked pretty similar. The driver said:
‘My name is Baker. Detective Sergeant John Baker. I want your name, in particular I want you to confirm it is Michael St Cloud of number 1 Cadiz Street, and then I want you to give me fifteen minutes of your precious time.’
‘You get what you want – only if you think the badge makes you the boss.’
‘Oh, it does. Get in the car.’
‘What if – hypothetically speaking – I was to tell you to go shove it up your fat backside.’
‘Then you’d be asking for a lot of trouble. Hypothetically speaking.’
St Cloud sighed and got in the back of the car. There were folders in the back and food wrappers and other rubbish and he had to move them out of the way. The goons sat in the front. Baker kept those football eyes under control, looking straight ahead. The other man perched forward in the passenger seat, head turned between Baker and St Cloud, two fingers placed on the glove box like he was feeling for a pulse. He said, ‘My name’s Owens. DC.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘I heard the new Commissioner is a stickler for appearances, for everyone wearing smart uniforms, et cetera, and that includes everyone being introduced by name before they stop you just because you’re driving whilst black.’
Owens shook his head despairingly. ‘Michael, you know as well as I do that it isn’t like that. That it hasn’t been like that for years. That it probably was never like that, even if stupid fools want to watch TV programmes that pretend it was like that so they can feel better about their being closet racists and homophobes.’
St Cloud said, ‘Stop talking like that, Owens. I might end up liking you.’
Baker said, ‘Okay we’ve done the introductions. We know who you are. We call you Michael, yeah?’
‘I prefer Mr St Cloud.’
‘Whatever. Look this is really simple stuff so no need for any fun and games. Get it? We want to know what you were doing today.’
St Cloud looked out of the window at Cadiz Street, at the darkening sky. He thought about what he did today: an argument with Bonnie, green tea with Helen Lees, a dusty, futile recce around ABC Tec. He caught Baker’s goggly eyes in the rear view mirror. He hoped they didn’t see him going through the list. 
He said, ‘Why do you want to know?’
Baker said patiently, ‘Michael, what did you get up to today?’
He replied, ‘I asked you a question, Detective Sergeant Baker. Unless you tell me the answer I don’t see I have to tell you jack shit. It’s a free country and I’m a free citizen. I haven’t done anything wrong so there’s no need for officers of the law to have any interest in me. And I don’t even have a Metropolitan Police staff number any more, so that doesn’t come into it, either. If this is pukka then you can take me to a nick and interview me on tape with a lawyer present. If it isn’t then you can whistle through the eye in the end of your no-doubt short and stubby little cock.’
There was a short silence, in which Owens looked between Baker and the back seat. Baker drummed his fingers on the steering wheel. Then Owens said quietly:
‘Actually, Michael, you’re looking at this whole question the wrong way up. You think you’re freer now than you were when you worked for us? You’re wrong. The opposite is true. The complete opposite.’
‘Really.’
‘Yes. You used to have – what shall we call it? – a level of protection.’
‘You make it sound like a condom.’
Baker turned in his seat. ‘That’s pretty much it. We did a little research, Michael. And what we found out was this. When you were in the Job we’d have had two hopes of picking you up on the street and getting you to answer any questions. Because you were in the club, weren’t you. Protected by the brass. We found that out, you see. If this had been two years ago, well – someone would have hung us from on high the minute we got back to the office. Jesus, the AC herself, probably.’
Owens continued carefully, ‘But not now. That’s what I mean about you losing it – your protection. So you’re in a weaker position than before.’
St Cloud said: ‘Tell your mate with the ping pong ball eyes that that sounds like a lot of shit, to me.’
Baker got a little wound up by that. He stopped drumming the steering wheel and banged it hard. Owens laid a restraining arm on his, and said,
‘Don’t be like that, Michael. Just answer the question. It’s really simple this, a simple enquiry. What did you get up to today?’ Owens’ voice was honey enough to soothe a sore throat.
St Cloud said sarcastically, ‘Oh okay. That’s fine if it’s all so simple. Now, let’s see. I sat at home for a while. Then I got kidnapped by two cunts in a shitty old car.’
Baker yelled, ‘Enough’, opened the driver’s door and charged out. A second later the back door opened and he slid in. St Cloud ducked but it was all a little too late: a hard, heavy forearm smashed against his jaw. It felt like a steamroller. Then Baker grabbed a handful of hair and yanked it back, put his face close to St Cloud’s so they were eyeball-to-eyeball, and snarled:
‘Listen here, you fucking clown. You’ve got no fucking protection any more, not from the Assistant Commissioner or anyone else. So you fuck with us and you will suffer. Understand? There’s more at stake to us than your fucking jokes. You get that? I told you from the start, this is simple. Fucking simple.’ He yanked a little harder. St Cloud balled his fists.
Owens said, ‘John – ’
Baker barked, ‘Fuck off.’ Then he swivelled back to St Cloud. ‘You listen to me, now. You listen fucking good. You’re looking for someone, right. You’ve been asking questions about her. You went looking today, didn’t you? You tell us where – where you went, where that girl is you’re looking for, where you found her – and then we leave you alone. Where? Where did you find her? Where is she?’
Baker let go. St Cloud tasted blood. He thought about spitting it into that ugly face, but decided it would only end in another flat-iron on the jaw. So he turned to the man in the front, and said: ‘Owens, you’ve got a little more about you than this. This is graveyard stuff.’
Baker yelled, ‘Say that again, sunshine, and I’ll – ’
‘John.’ There was a flicker of concern in Owens’s face.
St Cloud said, ‘Owens, how about a deal?’
The two shared a glance. Owens said cautiously, ‘What kind of deal?’
St Cloud said, through hot, sticky blood, ‘The deal that says I won’t tell anyone this happened and thus the two of you don’t get summarily sacked, in return for me never seeing either of you again.’
Baker said, ‘Fuck you.’
Owens said elegantly, ‘That doesn’t sound like our sort of deal.’
St Cloud edged away from Baker and felt his mouth. There was blood all over his bottom lip. It was going to hurt. It was going to sting. It was going to stop him kissing girls he shouldn’t be kissing in the first place. He looked up and said to Owens: ‘I’ve noticed something about you two. I’ve noticed how despite you two being keen to tell me who you are, and shove a badge in my face, and tell me how much power you have and how little I have, you haven’t told me who you work for. That strikes me as a little odd. You’re not local Borough police, are you? And you’re not from the Squad, either. I don’t exactly know where you’re from but I suspect it’s one of those departments at Tintagel House that’s full of the old rat shit they want to get rid of but can’t afford to, where everyone pretends to be a proper detective but actually when it comes to it, it’s like amateur night at the fucking Comedy Store.’
St Cloud saw the shot hit home. Baker breathed out. Owens looked around him. ‘Look – ’
St Cloud snapped, ‘You tell whatever dick in a suit that sent you I don’t talk to people like you in the back of shitty cars like this. I never did, and I never will. Even if I don’t have any fucking “protection”, as you put it.’
He opened the car door and stepped out into the warm evening. They didn’t stop him. He walked to the end of Cadiz Street and into the Walworth Road. He had a dull ache in his forehead and there was blood on his lower lip. That didn’t make him a lot different from the passers-by. Presently the Astra swept past him and roared off north towards the Elephant. He gave it a big fat finger. Then he turned around, went back home and wiped his face over with a flannel until the blood from the cut stopped flowing. Then he headed back out and crossed the Walworth Road and got into the Leon, which was parked up in a side street opposite.
They had overstepped the line, and they knew it. He had seen that thin finger of guilt and fear in Owens’s eyes. They had been exhorted to do so, clearly, sent to get something and told in no uncertain terms that it was important. He wondered what could exercise a couple of cops so much that they were willing to risk discipline to find out about a girl – a girl who was nothing, a secretary, a skivvy.
All he could do was wonder.
Then he tried to decide which of Graham Goff, Solly Martins or Helen Lees was the most likely to have called them. With a heavy heart he realised it was the latter. That was a thought he didn’t want to dwell on. 


He headed across town to West Kensington; it was gone seven and the lights of the West End were arriving all around him. He dug the yellow card out of his pocket and found the address for the gallery – Sinclair Road W14. The card just said “Kensington”. Only the postcode gave it away.
There are three Kensingtons: North, South and West. South is upper crust and North and West are just crust. North Ken is Estatesville: everyone has rheumy eyes and heroin teeth; but at least it is honest in its deception. West Ken is worse: a place with a weird pretension that it is somehow blue chip, despite the fact that to the untrained eye it looks no better than Swanley minus Asda or those outskirt towns along the dull dun stretches of the Peripherique which promise fin-de-siecle and deliver fin-du-monde. West Ken looked grimy tonight, a kind of brown smeary grime; it matched the smell of the warming waste and skunky sweat of the terraces.
John Antrobus had called his gallery “The Clapham Omnibus 2” and surrounded this moniker on the shop windows with weak jokes about sequels and “Son Ofs” and other such bullshit. St Cloud guessed that this kitschy idea betrayed a genuine desire to transport the customers across the river as well as the name, so he could start with a ready pool of money to mine. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea. The place occupied a double-fronted shop on the corner of a minor road heading off from Shepherd’s Bush, the kind of place that used to be a grocers’ or a bakers’ or a post office or something else that somebody actually wanted in their lives. Now it was washed white and lit with halogen bulbs, and in the middle of this West Ken dross it looked like an ejaculation, or a tiny little supernova.
There was crowd gathered inside the place, and St Cloud had to elbow his way through. They were mostly twenty and thirty somethings: men with curly hair and black glasses and neck scarves, and women with ski-jump noses and conker chins. Around the floor a couple of children, absurdly dressed in shirts and trousers, ran around looking for a TV to go to ruin in front of. Through this crowd came a trembling sea of voices – discussing Danish TV dramas, superfoods, universities. Every sentence lashed upwards like a question and every question got answered with the word “absolutely”. St Cloud felt like a fish out of water. He wondered what could make people feel “absolute” about anything, in this world where blood spilled for oil, and men died for imperial measurements, and flesh turned lastly to dust. Across the room he spied Helen Lees. She wore a black skirt and a silver top, which showed off nice arms and a long neck – a thing of which he unerringly approved. She was talking to a short man with soft thinning yellow hair and hard-edged glasses, and a little tuft of the same yellow hair in the dink beneath his bottom lip. He in turn was looking across at her and nodding with a gorilla’s jaw. She saw St Cloud and lifted an arm to wave him across the room. He fought his way over.
‘You got here.’ She turned to her companion. ‘John, this is Michael St Cloud.’
The glasses man nodded equably, but didn’t smile.
Helen said, ‘Michael. This is John. This is his gallery.’
St Cloud nodded. Antrobus looked back evenly. He looked a bit of a sourpuss.
Helen said, ‘Oh my God. Your lip! Are you okay?’
St Cloud said cheerfully, ‘I walked into a wall.’
She searched his face. ‘Oh.’
‘It’ll mend.’
‘It looks painful.’
They both remembered Antrobus was present. Helen took an embarrassed little step back. There was a pause. Then she remarked, ‘I used to work for John. About a million years ago.’
St Cloud raised his eyebrows. ‘In an art gallery?’
‘No. John had an antiques shop with his father in Pimlico.’
St Cloud just nodded at that. He hated antiques, he hated fathers, and he hated Pimlico. He looked about him: this place was brimful of wankers. Already he was regretting the decision to come. He switched back to the other two. There was an awkward moment; he wondered if they could read his thoughts. He threw a couple of polite glances up at the walls and asked, ‘What made you open an art gallery?’
Antrobus moved his head forward and to the side, a little like a robot might. ‘Oh look, that was always the plan. Was going to do it with a few uni friends, but they all kind of well – solidified when they went back. Mortgages, children, you know the drill. So I worked with Dad for a while and then an artist friend of mine told me there was a gallery space for rent in Clapham. It all went from there.’
Antrobus had a stubby, serious voice, and a habit of letting his eyes drift off to the right. It made it look like he was searching the inner reaches of the mind; either that, or he was looking for somebody more interesting to talk to.
St Cloud said dumbly, ‘And now you’ve got two galleries?’
‘Yes.’
Helen said, ‘The recession just washes off John.’
‘I’m glad it washes off somebody.’
Antrobus nodded. ‘Oh look, it’d be easy to get a siege mentality – see it out, weather the storm, that kind of thing. But it’s a fallacy to think just because people have got less money to spend then they’re going to want less art in their lives. They can’t actually be without it. They’re going to want more in fact, in a recession, because the alternatives aren’t there any more. It’s what I like to call the transition to the essential – what used to be a luxury becomes a staple. As people start to think more holistically, that is.’
St Cloud looked at the painting on the wall next to him. They were fiery red and pink abstracts, a triptych. There didn’t seem to be a price tag. They were nice enough but it didn’t look as though you could eat them or make a shelter out of them.
He said, ‘Maybe you should do an essentials range, like they do in supermarkets.’
Helen stifled a little laugh. Antrobus peered at him, seeming to consider whether he might take offence. He did the robot head thing once again and said, ‘Oh look, it’s just a new way of looking at things. Bond Street gets so worked up about people being blue chip. Entry phones on the doors, that kind of thing. That’s not in my DNA. I’d like to be open, to have a place that makes people want to step in off the street.’
St Cloud realised, with some dismay, that Antrobus was going to start every sentence with “Oh look” like Australian cricketers do during interviews on Test Match Special. He gave the triptych another glance and said, ‘Two galleries means double the work for you, though.’
Antrobus said, ‘Oh look, this one’s going to more than double us. It’s going to give us another dimension, really. There’s actually now two ends of a landscape, between the two places – a chance to mix different themes, so much scope for cross-pollination of artists and ideas. It’s the equivalent of us being squared, rather than doubled.’
Helen Lees said, ‘It’s amazing. People will love it.’
That sounded like a lot of bullshit to St Cloud. Behind him somebody with an American accent started admiring the triptych. They called it “forceful” and “brutally honest”.
He wondered what they would make of a visit from DS Baker and DC Owens. He turned to Antrobus. ‘What made you choose West Ken?’
Antrobus just smiled.
‘Oh look, this isn’t really the sequel, despite what the signs say. It’s more of an alternative starting place. I think I’d have opened a gallery here, in any case. I mean, even if I didn’t have the Omnibus already. I mean, it’s fantastic, isn’t it? The space, I mean. It’s so angular, I love it, I just love it.’
Antrobus delivered this in a steady monotone. St Cloud wondered if the tone ever changed: watching football, getting fellated, kicking the dog. He thought Antrobus’s “love” must be a cold, square thing, formulated during cool spring mornings over herbal tea and a banana, and fashioned to a detail. The little man waved to somebody: an acquaintance coming in. He made his apologies, leaving St Cloud with Helen Lees. It was a relief all round.
Helen said, ‘John’s so brave. He’s quite our hero.’
‘Oh. Has he crossed the Helmand River lately?
She laughed, and narrowed her eyes. ‘No. But he’s got pep, don’t you think? To open all this. It’s all him. Nobody gave him a lot of support.’
‘No. I’m sure.’
She said probingly, ‘You don’t sound sure.’
‘Not even the old man who gave him a cushy start when all those poor bastards just kind of “solidified” and found themselves having to get proper jobs.’
She said, ‘Oh dear. You sound grumpy.’
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘Sorry.’
She said, ‘It’s okay. John can be a bit – ’
‘Yes.’
They laughed.
He said, ‘Did John do a science course at university, by any chance?’
She nodded, closing her eyes. ‘Physics, actually. What made you ask that?’
‘He’s trying a little too hard. With the glasses, and the facial hair. It all looks a little forced. And he leaks, as well.’
‘He does?’
‘Yes. Apart from people being solid, he talks of cross-pollination and DNA and squaring rather than doubling. I’ll bet what he’d really like is to get home to a nice fat textbook about molecules or shit like that and escape from having to pretend to be arty.’
‘Wow,’ she said. ‘You’re really nasty.’
‘You’d better believe it, Mowgli.’
She didn’t look very put out. He thought that must be a good thing: at least he didn’t have to waste the evening pretending to be nice.
He asked, ‘The little professor –’
‘I only said he studied Physics. I didn’t say he was a professor.’
‘– was he really seeing Imogen?’
‘Maybe. I don’t know. Why are you sceptical?’
‘It’s just not how I picture her, not exactly.’
‘Why don’t you ask him?’
He turned and looked at Antrobus, still visible in between a sea of people. ‘I could. But she left you suddenly. And I think she did that for a reason. I wonder if it was him.’
‘I wouldn’t think that was possible.’
‘Why not? Women often run away from men.’
‘Speaking from experience?’
‘Bitter.’
‘Oh dear.’
‘Maybe he got a little heavy with her on your day out at Broadstairs. Maybe he asked her to come home and play with his Bunsen burner.’
She shook her head.
‘Sorry to disappoint. But he wasn’t there. I don’t exactly remember why not. Oh – maybe an exhibition somewhere. Or some other trip.’ She looked up. ‘Oh. Here’s Robert.’
A man came towards them, a large man with a broad forehead and dark features: dark hair, long lashes, sideburns like a Cornish lugger and eyes like 8-balls: the kind of man they’d cast as a werewolf to cut down on the special effects budget when times got tough. He wore a shiny brown leather jacket and an open-necked shirt that revealed a gold necklace. In his hand he carried a glass of red wine.
Helen Lees said, ‘Mr St Cloud, this is my husband.’
St Cloud nodded a greeting. Lees stretched out a large hand and grasped St Cloud’s. As he did so he swayed a little. 
‘Hey,’ he said languidly.
It occurred to St Cloud that Robert Lees was pretty drunk.
Helen remarked, ‘Robert, this is Michael St Cloud. He’s a friend of Imogen.’
St Cloud might have expected a reaction to that, but Lees just looked on like a lounge room lizard. Helen continued:
‘Well, I say he’s a friend of Imogen, but actually he’s really looking for her. I suggested he might come here and talk to John about it.’
That didn’t get much out of Lees, either. St Cloud decided to try to warm the pan.
He said, ‘Actually I think I might know where she is, now.’
Helen shot him a glance: surprised that he had said it. St Cloud wondered whether she knew or at least suspected that Robert might have sent those kinds of puppy dog texts to Imogen. Maybe there was something in that. Again he had expected Lees to be startled, astounded even – but he saw nothing of this in the dark, hollow eyes. Maybe it was all to be expected. A man can get inured to infidelity. St Cloud understood these things.
Helen said, ‘Do you have any more news, then?’
He had a text from Solly Martins and a thick lip from DS John Baker. All they told him was that Alice went to work this afternoon and that the police were hellish interested in finding her. But all he found himself saying was, ‘No, not really.’
Lees drank a hefty sip of wine, and said, ‘John’s your man.’
St Cloud asked, ‘You think so?’
Lees replied, ‘The man, the man’, which didn’t really make a lot of difference to anything.
Helen cut in, ‘On second thoughts, maybe it would be best if you didn’t tell John about finding her. In case there really was anything going on between them. I honestly don’t know if it was or it wasn’t. But it is possible. If they were in the middle of – well, of something – then it must have been terrible for him when she disappeared. Your finding her again could be shattering news. And he needs to concentrate on the gallery.’
‘He does?’
‘Oh. Yes.’ She was firm.
She had said earlier, “I did get the impression she was seeing somebody, a man. I had hoped it was John.” St Cloud wondered if the “somebody” wasn’t Robert Lees. That theory at least had all the evidence behind it. St Cloud looked the husband over. Lees just slopped a little wine around. It didn’t look like subtlety was going to wash, so St Cloud just flat out asked: ‘Robert, how well did you know Imogen?’
Lees shrugged and closed his eyes. Then he opened them again, focused, and saw St Cloud. He said, ‘She was our little lodger.’
Helen said, by way of explanation, ‘Robert got here early to help John. They’ve been boozing since the afternoon, I’m afraid.’
Robert said, ‘Seemed rude not to,’ which was one of St Cloud’s most hated phrases in all the world. He said spikily,
‘John seems to be able to hold his beer, though.’
Somebody pushed past; Lees lurched into the space between him and Helen. Irrationally it made St Cloud pretty angry, the winey barge of that lugger coming between him and the wife. Lees righted himself and said, ‘John’s determined. Do you see? A very single-minded geezer, John.’
St Cloud stepped back to give him room. Lees still didn’t look too steady. ‘Too single minded for Imogen?’
Lees shook his head, and said, ‘No, I’m not talking about Imogen. I’m talking about John. I’m talking about John and this place of his. A single-minded geezer.’
Somebody put music on: some Eighties shit. Or Editors.
St Cloud said, above the din, ‘Was Imogen single-minded, too?’ 
But it all got lost in a wave of music and Lees didn’t look interested enough to reply. Helen leant closer to him and yelled, ‘Robert, get us both a drink, please,’ and then to St Cloud, ‘Wine?’
St Cloud nodded. Lees lurched off. A lot of drinks got spilt. Nobody seemed to mind too much. Helen leant close to him so he could hear her a little better, and said, ‘Sorry about that. Robert’s relaxing.’
‘He looks half-cut.’
‘Yes.’
‘Is this how he relaxes?’
‘He’ll go quiet in a minute, he often does when he’s had too many.’ She grabbed his arm, and they stepped back into an alcove; they could hear each other better, now. She said, ‘Let’s talk about you.’
‘Me?’
‘Yes. I don’t know anybody else here, except Robert and John. And I can talk to them anytime.’
‘You don’t exactly know me.’
‘Well, that’s a dose of cold water, isn’t it?’
‘Sorry. I didn’t mean it to be.’
She let go of his arm.  He pushed closer into the alcove, so that the music was only a low throb. Helen said,
‘I’ve been thinking about what you said this afternoon. About my dear friend Imogen. There’s something I didn’t tell you.’
‘There is?’
‘You’ll think I’m stupid.’
‘Why?’
‘You just will.’
‘No, I meant – why didn’t you tell me earlier?’
She looked to the floor. ‘Oh, that. Because it’s upsetting. You probably won’t think it is. Robert doesn’t.’
‘What is it?’
She balanced the edge of her tongue on her bottom lip, and looked up at him. Then she looked away. He almost reached out an arm to her, to steady her, to hold her; he got the sense that she wanted this, too. But across the room he caught Antrobus’s gimlet eye. Robert Lees was out of sight.
He said, ‘Helen, what is it?’
‘This is really – macabre. I don’t know why, it just is. The thing is, the night after Imogen disappeared I went in her room and I found an envelope on the window sill, with money in it. Not that much, a few notes. But it didn’t look like she had left it behind by mistake. It looked instead like she was leaving it – well, for me.’
‘For you personally?’
‘Yes.’
He said gently, ‘As payment?’
‘Yes, maybe. You’ll think I’m stupid of course, thinking that. Everybody else just thinks she left it behind and forgot to take it with her.’
‘But you don’t think that?’
‘No.’
‘Oh.’
She said, ‘It just looked – it just looked as if it had been placed there on purpose.’
‘Did she owe you anything?’
‘No.’
A song lyric flashed into his head: Bought on stolen wine/ and that was the first step. There was no sign of Lees or the drinks.
‘No rent or shopping?’
‘No. Nothing like that. It was like – oh, you’re going to tell me off for being silly, it was like how people leave money on the table at a restaurant, or for a maid in a holiday apartment.’
She looked at the floor. The halogen lights cast little shadows on her cheeks. 
He said easily, ‘I’m not going to tell you off for anything.’
She looked up and gave him a sickly grin. ‘Oh, I might need it sometimes.’
‘To be told off for being silly?’
‘To be told off.’
He said, half-humorously, ‘Just told off, or generally admonished?’
‘Both.’
‘Oh.’ He looked at the rest of the room, then back at her, and muttered, ‘If you want I could fuck your cunt.’
The music came to an end. The lights dimmed. Her eyes danced. She cried, ‘Here’s John.’
Antrobus came towards them. A low groan brought more music, more MOR horrors. Antrobus moved his square head a little to the beat. St Cloud didn’t think anything of that. His mind was a stallion, crashing through a forest.
Antrobus said, ‘How dos,’ in the way sourpusses do.
Helen said, ‘How’s the night going, John? Have you got important people in?’
There was a lip-lace of satire in her voice. Antrobus caught it, and scowled.
St Cloud said prettily, ‘I’m told you’re single-minded, John. A single-minded geezer.’
Helen laughed and licked her lips. Antrobus rocked back on his heels under this onslaught, and he laid a steadying hand on the satisfyingly square corner of his glasses. He said, ‘Helen, Robert’s a little fractious. Maybe you should come and see.’
‘You shouldn’t have let him booze all afternoon.’
Antrobus shrugged.
St Cloud said, ‘You look the steadiest guy in these parts, John,’ but Antrobus just ignored him.
Helen said, ‘Look, we’d better get that drink, I suppose, anyway. Wine, wasn’t it?’
St Cloud nodded. She skipped off. Antrobus watched her go. St Cloud puckered up for a ding-dong. He said above the growing music, ‘She suggested I ask you about Imogen.’
Antrobus still watched Helen. His interest looked somewhere south of fraternal. He just said, ‘Uh huh.’
‘She thought you might have been – close.’
Antrobus turned back to St Cloud. With Helen had gone his control and his semblance of charm. Behind the square specs his eyes looked back unsmiling. He put a tongue in front of his teeth, like he was reading a map; then he chose a direction. He said,
‘She was okay. We met for a drink once or twice. Mostly I saw her when I went round to see Helen and Robert.’
‘Just that.’
He shrugged.
St Cloud said, ‘You do that very often – go round and see Helen?’
He shrugged, in a fuck-off-and-mind-your-own-business kind of a way.
The music got a little louder, a little older, a little rougher: the Hives. St Cloud let out a silent scream. He looked back around the room: the women looked like pseudo-intellectuals and the men like pseudo-pseudo-intellectuals; they were dressed in cheap rags sold for kings’ ransoms and charity shop clothes designed in Milan, and they were listening to the Hives. He wondered if paintings were fakes, as well. Presently the ringmaster, Antrobus, wandered off to shake hands and nod and admire the angular spaces with somebody he liked a lot better. That suited St Cloud just fine. He walked off through the crowd and found Helen coming the other way. She gave him a glass of wine.
He said, ‘Have you found Robert?’
She shook her head. ‘No sign.’
He wanted to say, “How hard are you looking” but he stopped himself; it would be more prejudicial than probative, as the lawyers would have it. He drank some wine. She did too. Somebody barged past: it pushed them together. They smiled, and withdrew. Over the music, St Cloud yelled,
‘I asked John about Imogen. Like you suggested.’
‘And?’
‘He wasn’t interested.’
‘Maybe it’s the way you asked the question.’
‘Pardon?’
‘I said, maybe it’s the way you asked the question.’
‘I mean, he wasn’t interested in her. In Imogen.’
She wrinkled her nose. ‘Really? I’d have said he was. Even if nothing happened, I’d have said he was interested.’
Someone pushed between them. The lights dimmed again. St Cloud yelled, ‘If you ask me I think he’s more interested in you.’
‘In me?’
‘Yes. When you went across the room his eyes were on stalks. They pinged out and slapped against those stupid glasses of his.’
‘What is this now, jealousy?’
‘Savage.’
‘Talking of which I ought to find my husband.’
‘You do that.’ He grinned, and said into her ear: ‘I’m going for a smoke.’
She said, ‘You do that, do you?’
He nodded. ‘Do you disapprove? Is it my turn to be admonished?’
She replied, ‘Enough of that,’ but her eyes gleamed all the same.
They walked together out of the room and through a little side door, where the lights were brighter and the music was an unpleasant memory. There was a door open to the street, and St Cloud went to go through it, but she pulled him back and said, 
‘Why do you? Smoke, I mean.’
He leant close to her, so that her hair touched his lip, and said,
‘It’s my own little phobia – like your one with mobile phones.’
‘How do you mean?’
‘Remember when mobile phones first arrived they had all that doom and gloom about them causing cancer. I had an idea about that. I thought they were going to be the 21st century’s equivalent of tobacco. I thought it all through: kids would sneak round the bike sheds to text. Reckless people would still use them to try and look cool. And parents would tell their children, “we used to that, everybody did in our day”.’
‘So?’
‘But all that never happened, because the expert texperts all decided mobile phones were suddenly safe. So I reckoned that must mean smoking was, too.’
She half-smiled, and searched his face. ‘I’m not sure if you’re joking or not.’
He said dully, ‘I never do that.’
‘No.’
‘You keep looking for Robert. Let me know if you find him.’
Outside he lit a cigarette and had a wander down the street. His lip was starting to hurt, and he wondered if it was going to bruise up and make him look foolish in the gallery full of smart young things who never got smacked by old cops in the back of cars. He checked his mobile and found nada – no message from Bonnie, no word from Solly Martins, no old flames drunk and talking dirty. He shoved it back in the pocket of his jacket and went back to his contemplation. It was nice and warm out here tonight even in the smelly fug of West Ken. On the way across town the radio had said it only had a couple of days to run, this barbecue summer. Tonight it felt like it was ready to get a room.
He wandered back to the gallery and found his way in to the side door blocked by the large, hirsute frame of Robert Lees.
‘Hello,’ said St Cloud cheerfully.
Lees appeared not to recognise him. He looked wobbly and ready to drop at any minute. He had another glass of wine in his hand and was shipping it everywhere, the liquid hitting the pavement with bright slap. St Cloud stepped a little closer. Lees was steaming. His face was gone to rubber and he smelt as sweet as a slush puppy.
St Cloud said, ‘Helen’s looking for you. She find you?’
Lees narrowed his eyes at that, and said nothing.
From inside came a small cheer, and a change of tone: the rumbling, bassy business end of funk: Dr. Feelgood, or something 70s like it. Somebody had even found the dimmer switch. Boy, this crowd were all over the place.
Lees looked back at the gallery for a moment, then turned and focused on St Cloud. He gave a yawn and a long lick of the lips, like a cat about to kick off.
He said roughly, ‘You – you’re this St Cloud, aren’t you?’
‘I might be.’
‘You called my number.’
There was an accusation in the tone.
St Cloud shrugged. ‘I don’t think so.’
‘Yep. Think so.’
‘I don’t think so.’
‘You called my number and left a message for my wife.’
‘I don’t think so.’
Lees slurred, ‘She said – my wife said – she said you came around asking questions. Came round her shop.’
‘Maybe I did. I don’t really see – ’
‘Listen, I don’t want you leaving messages for my wife.’
St Cloud said, ‘Look, it’s not worth an argument.’
‘You won’t tell me what it’s worth.’
The tone was a little uglier now, and it hadn’t exactly been Sophie Dahl to begin with. St Cloud stood up a little taller, and said evenly,
‘No?’
‘No. Because. ‘
‘Because the world is round?’
‘Because that’s not up to you.’
Robert Lees was smashed but his voice had a hard, rough edge. St Cloud took a step past him to go back into the gallery. As he did so Lees brought up a hand and laid it on his chest. And it just kind of stuck there.
St Cloud said, ‘Look, Robert – ’
‘I don’t want you asking my wife nothing.’
‘No?’
The hand was still there: a big hand.
St Cloud took a step to the left, and let the hand slide off him. For a moment he thought that Lees might fall over without the support. At the last moment though he managed to stay upright. St Cloud took another step past but Lees blocked his way.
They could spar all night, of course. Only St Cloud wasn’t in the mood.
So he snapped, ‘Fuck off out of my way, big man.’
Lees said, ‘I don’t want you – ’ and stood solidly in the way.
It was time to abandon the niceties. ‘Do you know the reason, Robert? The reason I was asking those questions?’
‘I don’t want you leaving messages for my wife. Just – ’
‘Just what?’
‘Just fuck off, alright?’
St Cloud said, ‘No, it’s not alright. I was asking questions about Imogen. That’s why I went to see Helen.’
‘I don’t want you coming to see Helen. Look – ’
‘Yes?’
‘Just – look, just fuck off – look – ’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘I don’t want you leaving – ’
‘I get it.’ He pushed Lees to one side, and then turned and added venomously, ‘It’s alright for you to do it but you don’t want somebody else playing cuckoo, is that it?’
Lees glowered at him and said, ‘I don’t know what you mean by that.’
‘No? How about we rewind. Like you said, I went to see your wife.’
‘Yeah, well, I don’t – ’
‘Do you know what I went to see her about?’
‘Just fucking leave – ’
‘About Imogen. Imogen Bell.’
There was a pause, one that opened up nicely and gave St Cloud just enough for a direct shot. ‘Oh yes, that’s stopped you in your tracks, hasn’t it? Imogen. The little lodger. The girl who used to live with you before she lit out one night without a word to anybody. I thought you might remember her with a little fondness.’
Lees said, ‘What about her?’
‘I asked your wife a few questions about her. I heard all about how she came into your wife’s shop and made friends with her, and how she ended up living with you and how attached you all were to each other. I heard all about your day in Broadstairs and you all getting shitfaced. What I didn’t hear about Imogen, Robert – what your wife singularly failed to tell me – was how you were fucking her.’
Jesus, the moral high ground was an odd place – now that he had clambered up to it. 
Lees just said thickly, ‘What the fuck are you on about?’
‘You heard.’
‘Imogen?’
‘You know. I’m on about those toe-curling text messages and those calls. I’m on about that desperate longing you had for her. Did you really report her missing, I wonder? I doubt it. Did those men really come looking for her? I doubt that, too. I think it’s all a put-up job, mate. I think you know exactly why Imogen left that night, because she was fed up with being your side-salad and wanted to be someone else’s burger. And I think you put up a show about trying to find her to convince Helen you didn’t know why she’d gone.’
Lees gaped at him. ‘You must be fucking mad.’
‘Keep going, Robert.’
Lees shook his head, and then said, wildly, ‘Have you told Helen this?’
‘Not yet.’
‘Listen.’ Lees was suddenly sober. He took a step towards St Cloud, and cried: ‘I don’t know who you are or what you think you’re doing, but you listen to me. I want you to stay away from my wife. I don’t want you calling her. I don’t want you leaving messages for her. I want you to fuck off. Do you hear me? I want you to fuck off out of our lives.’
‘Like Imogen did?’
‘Whatever. If you don’t – ’
‘What, Robert? What if I don’t?’
He drew a big hand across his forehead. Then he said: ‘I’ll fucking kill you, mate.’
St Cloud shrugged and barged past and back into the gallery. He’d heard all that keep-away-from-my-wife stuff enough times to use it as a ringtone.


Back inside he found Helen pouring herself another glass of wine.
He said, ‘There you are.’
‘Hi.’
‘Robert’s outside. A little worse for wear.’
‘Yes. I called us a cab.’ 
He asked, ‘You’re going?’
She nodded.
‘Oh.’
‘You must forgive Robert. He doesn’t always get out of his tree. I hope he wasn’t rude to you.’
He said, ‘No,’ for form’s sake, then, ‘Do I get to see you again?’
‘Of course.’
‘Good.’
‘We have to talk more about Imogen, of course. Amongst other things.’
He nodded and kissed her cheek. ‘I think we can talk of other things. Let’s do that soon.’


His phone woke him at nine: Handsome Devil. Handsome Devil sounded brash at nine on a Sunday morning. Bonnie didn’t stir. St Cloud reached for the phone. A vaguely familiar voice said:
‘Mr St Cloud?’
‘Mr Khalid?’
‘This is Mr St Cloud?’
‘Yes.’ He sat up and wiped his eyes. ‘What is it, Mr Khalid? I thought we were going to meet tomorrow.’
‘You do not need to come tomorrow. This is the reason I am calling.’
He sat up. ‘What?’
‘Mr Goff said you were looking for one of our employees.’
‘Yes.’ He fumbled for the name. ‘Nat.’
‘Miss Engleman.’
‘Engleman? Is that her name? Natalie Engleman?’
‘I’m afraid you will not need to come tomorrow.’
‘No? But I thought – ’
‘Miss Engleman has telephoned this morning to tell me she will be leaving the company.’
‘She has?’
‘She has telephoned this morning.’
A lot of thoughts crowded in on St Cloud. He remembered Solly Martins’s text, and said, ‘But it’s Sunday morning. And she worked yesterday, didn’t she, Mr Khalid? Isn’t it pretty unusual for someone to quit on a Sunday morning?’
‘She has telephoned this morning to say she will be leaving the company.’
‘Isn’t she going to work her notice?’
‘The leaving is with immediate effect.’
‘Oh.’
‘Can you give me her address? I’m anxious to speak to her.’
‘I am afraid I keep this information in the company.’
‘Maybe you could – ’
‘I am away from the company, today.’
‘Look could I come there and meet you today? I’d like to get her details as quickly as possible. I really do need to speak to her.’
‘That will not be possible today, I am afraid. I am in Coventry.’
‘Coventry?’
‘Yes, Coventry.’
Fuck it. He wondered what would make anyone go to Coventry. He pined for the old days, when you could flash a badge and summon the Khalids of this world to do your bidding. It was a long, long time ago.
He said desperately, ‘Tomorrow, then. I still want to come tomorrow. I really must have that address.’ He had a sudden thought. ‘You said she called you this morning. Can you check the incoming calls and see if you can find the number for me?’
There was a pause. Khalid said: ‘The number was withheld.’
‘It was?’ He was incredulous, now.
There was another pause. There was something in those pauses. Whether it meant the number wasn’t withheld, or there hadn’t even been such a call, or there hadn’t ever been such a girl in the first place, he didn’t know.
Khalid said, ‘That is correct.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’ll see you tomorrow, then.’
He stared at the bedroom wall for a while, and thought about a lot of things – but mostly about Alice Dolores slipping wretchedly through his fingers. After a lot of thinking he rang Solly Martins, hoping he wasn’t in church clapping hands and singing hallelujah. But all he got was a ringing tone. He sent a text: Martins call me. Need to speak urgently. St Cloud. He wished he’d got a number for Solly’s night shift mate. He wished he’d been more attentive.
Then he dropped back down and fell to sleep.
He woke Bonnie at midday with a cup of tea and a stroke of the hair. Then while she made toast and coffee he filled her in on the whole business – from the old clanking lift at Dante Gardens all the way through to Khalid telling him Alice Dolores had quit her job. All he left out was Dr. Feelgood slapping bass lines and him telling Helen Lees he’d fuck her cunt. But he didn’t think she’d have flinched too much at either of those things.
He said, ‘I wish we could get out of it.’
‘Out of what?’
‘Afternoon tea, of course.’
‘Oh. Yes.’ 
She looked a little distracted, looking out of the window. There was a pure blue sky and the world below looked like it was under theatre lights.
He said, ‘Let’s go to the seaside, instead. Brighton. It’s another beautiful day out there.’
She shook her head.
‘No?’
She turned. ‘No. Let’s go to see your old women.’ Then she confessed, a little mockingly, ‘I’m a bit fascinated to meet them, actually.’
He was agape. ‘You are?’
He approached her from behind and placed a hand on either arm. Even today she still felt a little cold to the touch.  He looked beyond her hair to the shimmering sky.
He said, ‘Okay. Brighton can wait til another day.’
‘Yes,’ she said, not meaning it.


Earl’s Court tube was full of trippers. They wore Prada shorts and Armani flip-flops and Dolce & Gabbana sunglasses. Behind the first of these they hid their cellulite and behind the last their frailties; these were the things they couldn’t stick someone else’s name on. The tube was forty degrees and even the rats were sweating. St Cloud wore a blue linen suit, which looked like all blue linen suits quickly do – creased and worn and like a drunk might wear – and a cream shirt open at the neck. It would take a lot more than old women and old money to get him into a tie. Bonnie had gone conservative: a wine-red dress with shoulders and a hem that stopped nearer her knees than her thighs. It still showed enough of her arms and legs to attract attention: a young man opposite slid his fingers under his collar in vicarious release while pretending to read the Mail on Sunday. Freud would have cheered.
They came up for air on the Earl’s Court Road and found the city strangely empty. Everyone else had gone to Brighton, after all. The roads that three nights before had sat with traffic stodged up now showed only the occasional shimmer of white metal. Lazy flies buzzed around the newsstands and grocery kiosks, and for once there were sounds that were usually submerged – bells, butterfly wings, Test Match Special. Even the 4 x 4s in Dante Gardens were missing, gone to wade the wide Zambezi or climb the mighty Untersberg.
St Cloud did the entry-phone routine again and got the clipped tones of the Keppel just as before. Then he took Bonnie through and out into the lift lobby. This was a relief, since it was cooler than the world outside. Old money is often the best defence against the elements. The lift was on one of the upper floors and they had to summon it back down; luckily a good citizen of Dante Gardens had observed the rules of play and made sure the door was engaged. St Cloud thought once more of Alice. Would she ride the lift or take the stairs? He didn’t know. He couldn’t guess. No – that was the thing – not that he didn’t know, but that he couldn’t guess. He had spent a couple of days trying to understand the girl; for a moment yesterday at Love Blooms he had developed the slightest, most fragile semblance of understanding; but now it was gone. Khalid’s call had spirited it away, along with his faith in himself and his ability to reach out to her, to guess what she would do, or where she would go or what colour her hair would be next.
At the top the Keppel was waiting. She wore the same outfit as she had three days before. He wondered if she had any others.
She said, ‘Hello.’
He said, ‘This is Bonnie.’
‘Yes.’
She took in the wine-red dress and drew back a little. They followed the aubergine calves along the corridor past the little box room Alice Dolores once called home and into the sitting room. To St Cloud’s relief someone merciful had put out the fire and the temperature was below treble figures. Inside there were five people. Sitting in her favourite armchair was Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. She had the bottle of port and a glass in the same position as before. Sitting on a sofa to her left was a man wearing a suit – not a crumpled linen suit like St Cloud was sporting, but a proper pinstriped effort with wide lapels – and a straight little mullet. He was a pie or two overweight and he had jowls; his hair was grey at the temples; other than that he looked twelve years old. He was presently engaged in eating a piece of cake off a plate and trying simultaneously to agree to something Mrs J-L was saying, but his coordination was letting him down. Whether this was because he was an oaf, or because the cake was solid as a boulder, or because Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd was giving it a lot of bullshit, St Cloud couldn’t quite make out. He ignored them and looked at the others.
Talking loudly in the centre of the room was a middle-aged man with a white blazer and an open-necked shirt, and a paunch that dived over his belt in a shape that a fingerprint expert would call a ‘nutant loop’ and a porn director would call ‘bad wood’. He had a red face, flared nostrils, bushy black eyebrows and dove-white hair. The woman he was talking to was small and demure and about fifty; her eyes and mouth were the foothills of a large pointed nose, which overshadowed sharp yellow teeth, and keen, quicksilver eyes. Those eyes were the most interesting thing about her. They were blue and darted around, and every so often flew to the ceiling in an exaggerated way of saying “tut-tut”. It wasn’t clear whether this was a quiet send-up of the eyebrow man, or an accident. Since the eyebrow man had that upper class habit of looking at the coving rather than at the person it could have been either. St Cloud got tired of watching them and looked at the final member of the party. This was a woman, although she looked crossbred with a Manganitza sow. She had brown, scraped back hair with horrid little curls, and a huge, straining face. From somewhere in the middle of it little pin-prick eyes looked out, like olives on a sourdough, above a little penny-whistle of a nose and a mouth that wasn’t a mouth at all but a magenta crayon line that ran horizontal and ended in a downward blip, like the artist had fallen asleep when faced with such a monstrous proposition. The Keppel introduced her as Lisbeth, a neighbour. She was married to the schoolboy on the sofa, and he was called Todd. Miss Keppel introduced St Cloud and Bonnie and carefully omitted any backstory. He wondered under what guise they had been invited. Miss Keppel said, ‘Can I get you a drink?’
Bonnie asked, ‘Is there wine?’
St Cloud said, ‘I’ll have a large whisky.’
The Keppel disappeared. Lisbeth made some small talk about the heat and how much hotter it was than Frankfurt.
Then she said, ‘No, not hotter, exactly. Cooler, even. It’s just that continental Europe knows how to wear such heat, don’t you think? London always seems to be unbearable.’
St Cloud thought that was a lot of bollocks, but he held his tongue. Miss Keppel arrived with a bottle of French white, from which she filled a thin little sliver of a glass for Bonnie, and a big fat whisky that made St Cloud regret not asking for Coke in it. He took a sip. It went down pretty well, so he took another. Pretty soon he forgot to regret the Coke business.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Really, London is too hot now.’
That launched Lisbeth into more ephemeral stuff about Frankfurt’s sense of self. St Cloud noticed that when she spoke she stood facing the door – even though Miss Keppel, her audience, was stood decidedly to her left – and spent the whole time with her head at an angle to her fellow conversationalist. Occasionally she would go up on her toes, and then down again, and follow it with a strange withdrawing of the eyebrows. It all looked a little like she was looking along the length of a platform waiting for a train, and doing so whilst trying to give a Big Issue seller the brush off.
Bonnie said, ‘The buses are unbearable. The heat is turned on the whole time. The drivers can’t turn it off, apparently.’
Lisbeth said, ‘How extraordinary,’ in the way people do when they hear things that are anything but.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Really?’
Lisbeth turned to the schoolboy on the sofa and said, ‘Todd, did you hear that? The London buses still have their heating on, and the drivers cannot turn it off.’
He looked up. The other two broke off their conversation and looked across. Eyebrow man said, ‘Really? What, all the buses?’
Bonnie said, ‘The bendy ones.’
Todd said brightly, ‘That must be terrible.’
Eyebrow man laughed loudly, a little too loudly, and said, ‘Those damned things. I don’t know how they drive the things. They’re a menace, going round corners.’
The woman he had previously spoken to raised her eyes to the ceiling again and bared her yellow teeth. St Cloud wondered if she was insane.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Patrick, do you ride the buses?’
Eyebrow man laughed. ‘Me? No. Try to keep away from the damned things.’
The small woman said, ‘I hear the service is very good, now.’
St Cloud stifled a laugh, and finished his whisky. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Bonnie taking on the wine with similar gusto. He made a show of proffering his empty glass, and Miss Keppel said, ‘Oh, do help yourself, Mr St Cloud.’
That sounded pretty even. He refilled his glass.
The small woman said, ‘They have those cards, now – don’t they. Really, they must be a help.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Yes, Barbara. What are they called, now?’
Todd said, ‘Oyster cards.’
Patrick said loudly, ‘The world is your oyster, and all that. Cost more than real oysters, no doubt.’
The small woman - Barbara - complained, ‘I’ve not had oysters for so long.’
Patrick said, ‘You should try Joe Allen’s. Oysters for lunch, there.’
St Cloud vaguely recalled that Joe Allen’s was some kind of place for publishers and agents. He said, ‘Are you in publishing, then?’
Patrick guffawed. Todd chuckled. Lisbeth’s crayon mouth rose an inch. Barbara’s eyes went like a spectator at a javelin competition.
Patrick said, ‘Not likely. I’m on the boards.’
Bonnie said, ‘An actor?’
‘Yes.’
‘And before you ask – the whole business is a rat’s nest. Utterly sans. Hell in a handcart. Salty dogs and trippy queens.’
It had the ring of a practised line, said over and over at dinner parties to impress the gaping hoi polloi. Yes, he could see Patrick on the boards, scanning The Stage on the benches in Victoria Embankment Gardens, treating the dole queue to Pinter. St Cloud didn’t recognise the actor. But then again, he didn’t have a TV.
Todd said, ‘Acting is acting,’ which made Lisbeth shoot him a look. 


Patrick went to refill his glass of wine. Todd turned back to Lisbeth, as if an invisible leash had been tightened. All of this made it so that there was now a wide circle, with everyone in it. Peering across the circle, Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd said, 
‘I see Mr St Cloud is here, also.’
He nodded and drank some whisky.
Miss Keppel said, ‘And this is Mr St Cloud’s partner – ’
He said, ‘Bonnie.’
Lisbeth said, ‘How unusual.’
Whether it was unusual that a girl should be on his arm, or that a girl should look a million dollars in a sensible dress, or whether that girl should be standing here in this room, she didn’t elaborate.
Miss Keppel said by way of explanation, ‘Mr St Cloud is a former member of the Metropolitan Police Force.’
There were some surprised looks. Patrick’s head went back and down a few inches, like an invisible barber had readied him for a shave. Todd looked bright-eyed and excited.
Miss Keppel continued:
‘He worked in the civil department.’
Bonnie stifled a laugh. St Cloud pictured a whole department full of people being nice to each other. 
Lisbeth said, ‘How extraordinary,’ like she had about the hot buses.
Todd said, ‘I wish we knew people with interesting jobs, rather than the riff-raff we’re used to.’
This was clearly self-deprecation, but Patrick looked ready to punch him.
Lisbeth asked, ‘How long ago, Mr St Cloud? How long ago did you work for the Police Force?’
He said, ‘Service.’
She said, ‘Pardon?’
He said ‘You said Metropolitan Police Force. It’s not a Force, any more. It’s a Police Service, now.’
There was a silence. Nobody really knew what to make of that.
Patrick said in an overly humorous tone, ‘I wonder does that really matter – to the criminals. Do they know they’re getting some kind of service?’
St Cloud said thinly, ‘They know when they’re getting some force.’
The room fell silent again. Bonnie’s glass was empty so St Cloud turned to the bottle on the side and refilled it. He gave himself a slop of whisky at the same time. When he turned back, Lisbeth said, ‘How on earth do you know Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd? It really is too remarkable. Oh – but it’s charity work, of course. Isn’t it?’
He stared back blankly.
Miss Keppel said hurriedly: ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd has such a very great respect for the Metropolitan Police. She has devoted much of her time to charity work in the area of police widows and orphans. A most important cause.’
There was general assent to this. St Cloud had once finger-fucked a police widow in a Renault Clio while it stopped at that double set of traffic lights by Tobacco Dock. He was twenty-six and she was thirty. He wondered now if Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd had paid for the petrol.
Miss Keppel continued, ‘Support for the Police Force has been one of the guiding principles of Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s career.’
St Cloud wondered what kind of “career” that was, and whether this largesse towards the thin blue line would have been so ardent had Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd had to spend fifteen minutes ducking punches with slugs like Baker and Owen in a nasty little motor in Cadiz Street.
Todd said, ‘We were most relieved to see news of an arrest in the newspapers.’
St Cloud said, ‘Which arrest?’
‘The case of that poor policeman.’
Barbara said, ‘What a dreadful business.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Oh, dreadful.’
Patrick said, ‘What was that case?’
Todd offered, ‘Blake Hollis,’ though everybody knew it already, even Patrick.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Such a terrible, terrible affair. His wife was at a fundraiser Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd attended in Holland Park, earlier on this year. June, I believe it was.’
Barbara said, ‘June? But wasn’t it – ’
‘Yes. She was so very brave. Not more than six weeks after the business. We thought her a perfect miracle.’ 
There was a silence, and then from the chair came the small, tired croak of the old lady’s voice. Everybody strained to listen. ‘I thought her a marvel. I should write to her, of course. I was really most affected to see another of the murderers apprehended. Such a wicked affair.’
St Cloud didn’t think she looked “affected”. It didn’t look like very much could affect her at all. But everyone else nodded and made soothing, compliant noises. Miss Keppel turned to him, and asked, ‘I say, Mr St Cloud, did you know Constable Hollis personally?’
‘No.’
‘Oh. I thought, with you having worked for the same organisation – ’
St Cloud said, ‘That’s really not so surprising. I presume he was in uniform, wasn’t he, wherever it was – ’
Todd said, ‘Paddington Green.’
Lisbeth said ‘No, no – I saw it in the paper, it was opposite Lancaster Gate – a little off-licence.’
Todd said, ‘No, I meant he worked out of Paddington Green. I mean, that was his base station – oh, you know. Would have had “PG” on his epaulettes, that sort of thing.’
‘“DP”,’ corrected St Cloud, absent-mindedly.
Todd looked closer at him and with a keen expression – as if he hadn’t believed up until now that St Cloud really had worked there. 
Lisbeth asked, ‘Did you work in a different department? Dealing with the plain clothes?’
St Cloud replied, ‘Mostly, I suppose. But I did deal with a whole cross section.  But you ought to realise, on the day they made me – well, on the day I left – there were 54,000 people in the Met. And I probably didn’t get to meet 50,000 of them.’
Bonnie asked interestedly, ‘What was he doing in Lancaster Gate?’
Todd said, ‘Classic case of wrong place at the wrong time.’
Lisbeth said, ‘I think he was off his patch. Because there was a firearm, probably.’
St Cloud said tiredly, ‘No no. The bottom end of DP takes in that Queensway – Hyde Park – Bayswater area.’
That killed the conversation. It seemed to St Cloud that they didn’t want him to have any inside knowledge after all; it stopped them in their fantastic tracks. They preferred the joker to the trump. 
Todd said, ‘The two were high on drugs, apparently. Didn’t even wait for him to speak. Just went for the trigger, on the spot.’
Lisbeth said, ‘How dreadful.’
Todd said, ‘The shop wasn’t even open. They just broke in after hours to rob the till.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Do you know I don’t really understand that part of it. They say Constable Hollis was attracted to the shop by the lights being on. But the shop was closed. Really, you’d think the robbers would have worked in the dark.’
Lisbeth said, ‘I think people were there stock-taking or something.’
Todd said, ‘They were just high on drugs. Didn’t even think, probably.’
Patrick said tiredly, ‘That’s not the part not to understand. In my profession one looks into the soul of a character. It is essential that the character only does what such a character needs to, at any given moment. Internal drive, you see. That’s what you’re looking for. But these people – I don’t understand why. That’s it – the “why”. If you were given it in a script that’s what you’d ask the director – you’d ask “why”.’
St Cloud guessed the “why” for Patrick was because he needed to be paid and he needed to be loved, only probably not in that order. Whether the director told him that, or told him to shut the fuck up and get on with it, was another matter.
Barbara said, ‘Why does anyone commit crime?’
Patrick shook his head vigorously. ‘No, no. It’s not the crime. It’s the shot. That’s what I’m talking about – not the rest of it, not at all. All that’s pretty much catalogued. What I mean is, if you get caught having murdered one of the boys in blue they hang you out to dry. Whereas if you get caught robbing a till nobody gives a damn. They probably give you a holiday these days, or a night out at the Ivy. So it’s the shot that matters.’
Todd repeated, ‘They were high on drugs. Just went for the trigger.’
Lisbeth said, ‘It’s this cocaine, of course.’
Patrick corrected, ‘Crack cocaine.’
‘Is there a difference?’
St Cloud said, ‘Like Waitrose and Tesco.’
That brought out waves of middle-class laughter. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd looked a trifle stern. Patrick looked a little cross. St Cloud wondered how much of the high-class version had climbed those equine nostrils.
The laughter subsided.
Miss Keppel remarked, ‘I think the police should be armed, really I do. Like in America.’
That received murmurs of quiet discontent. Lisbeth replied. ‘I’m already a little scared in airports. They even wore them in the VIP lounge in New York. I wouldn’t want to see any more guns. In Frankfurt – ’
Todd confessed, ‘I’ve shot a few hens. When I was a boy.’
Lisbeth said, ‘Todd, that’s hardly – ’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Really? With a real gun?’
Todd said, ‘Yes. It was - well, it was a game, really.’
Lisbeth shot him a reproachful look. He said, as if to make up for it, ‘I don’t know. There’s still an emptiness, I suppose. Even with a hen.’
Patrick said humorously, ‘I brandished a replica firearm once in an episode of Hustle. It felt quite lusty.’
Barbara said listlessly, ‘I wonder what it is to kill a man.’ 
St Cloud murmured:
‘It’s hell.’
There was silence. Everybody looked at him, except Bonnie, who looked at the floor. St Cloud finished his whisky, and went to the side and poured another one. Slowly, terribly slowly, the hubbub of conversation returned, the little peaks and troughs of educated voices, like someone turning up the dial on Gardener’s Question Time. He drank a large mouthful of the whisky. He wanted to go out for a cigarette, but the thought of the elevator was impossible. 
They started talking about the heat again. That made everybody feel a lot better.


St Cloud had a sudden thought, and touched Miss Keppel’s arm. She turned. He said, ‘Miss Keppel I don’t wish to impose but there’s something I meant to ask when I was here on Thursday night. You showed me Alice’s room. I’d like to know more about the work she was doing – the secretarial work for Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. Could you show it to me? It would be a great help.’
‘I thought,’ – she said, sotto voce – ‘that you had some progress to report – that you may have found her.’
He shook his head. ‘A hot lead cooled down.’
‘So quickly?’
‘That’s the way of hot leads. It might come back to life again but it might not. And in case it doesn’t, it’d be useful to see the work she did.’
‘Well.’ Miss Keppel didn’t look overly enthused about the proposal, and St Cloud wondered if the Debrett’s guide to afternoon tea specifically prohibited any snooping before the cake. ‘Well, perhaps. I shall ask Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd.’
She made her way across the room. St Cloud did a furtive check on his phone, but found no word from Solly Martins. Then he poured himself another whisky and tried to forget he needed a cigarette. He saw Patrick doling out some more wine: Bonnie asked for another. She wasn’t good with wine. She’d be all over the show in a minute. But that was probably the idea. 
Miss Keppel said, ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd says you should be afforded any opportunity that will help find Alice.’ Her face looked a little flushed; it didn’t look like Miss Keppel wholeheartedly agreed with this principle. ‘I’d better take you through to the study.’
She put down her glass. St Cloud resolutely held on to his. She led him out of the door. Bonnie looked daggers at him, and then turned back to the Manganitza sow and got busy with the wine. He followed the Keppel back through the flat, past the box room and the kitchen, and through a closed door into a far room. Inside was another fireplace, and a table pushed against the wall, but what dominated this room was an old wooden bureau – with leather pads and as much green baize as a full-size snooker table, full of little drawers and flip-down cabinets. To St Cloud’s addled brain it all looked extremely confusing.
To the right of this, starkly anachronistic, was a grey metal three-drawer filing cabinet. He looked that over. It made his eyes hurt a little less.
Miss Keppel said, ‘This is where Alice did her day-to-day work.’
He lurched into the chair, and said, ‘Sitting here at this bureau?’
‘Yes.’ She didn’t much like the lurching. ‘She was required to index and archive the material in Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s collections.’
‘And where did she find those?’
‘We would have a box sent up once a week.’
‘Sent up?’
‘Yes. From Heath House.’
‘Oh.’ He said blankly, ‘Where the hell’s that?’
‘It is Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s house in Cambridgeshire. That is where the collection is presently stored. Alice was required to produce an inventory of the material within each box, including an index.’
He drank some more whisky, ignoring the Keppel’s unhappy look, then said:
‘None of it stayed here?’
‘Only the most important documents. These are locked in the filing cabinet.’
‘Alice do that?’
‘No. She would put them aside for myself and Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. We hold the keys to the cabinet.’
‘She wasn’t trusted?’
‘That was a mere security arrangement.’
St Cloud looked it over. To him it looked like anybody with a decent screwdriver could be considered a keyholder. Still, it didn’t look like anybody had tried any monkey business with it, so he left it at that.
He said, ‘The stuff Alice wrote – the indexes.’
‘Yes?’
‘Where would I find those?’
‘In the top drawer of the bureau.’
He nodded and looked at the damned thing. He would have to navigate the old bastard after all. He said, ‘This collection – what is it, paintings, jewellery, what?’
‘It is mostly documentary.’
‘Documentary?’
‘Letters, and other important documents.’
‘Valuable?’
She said haughtily, ‘Of very great historical and literary value.’
‘I meant financial value.’
‘Oh. Perhaps, in a certain market.’’
That meant something that started with “n” and ended with “o”. He thought about teasing her a little more on the worthlessness of it all but decided it wasn’t a nice thing to do, even if he was getting a little tight. He said,
‘I wonder if I could just have a few minutes to look at the indexes in here. I don’t want to keep you from your guests any longer. I’ll be fine in here on my own.’
‘Well – ’
‘Really, I’ll be fine.’
She did a little thing with her mouth, which told him that if it was up to her she’d tell him to go fuck his mother, but Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd had issued the decree and Miss Keppel was loyalty itself. She withdrew from the room and closed the door. He breathed a sigh of relief and took a decent swig of whisky. It was beginning to make a difference. He hoped he wouldn’t break anything.
Miss Keppel closed the door behind her.
He found the indexes easily enough, large, flat black books. He took the first and opened it. It was lined off and had a lot of obscure numbers and columns. Alice’s handwriting – for this is what it appeared to be, since the entries had occasional dates added and these spanned late May through to mid June – was loopy and slanting and happily devoid of those circles instead of exclamation points and smiley faces so beloved of girls. The entries were numbered along the left-hand side consecutively, and the colour of the biro and the angle of slant changed only after a many hundreds of each of these entries. Alice Dolores certainly got through a lot of work in a day. 
He closed the book and sat back. He didn’t know what he had been expecting but it wasn’t this. He had been so sceptical of the tale those two women weaved three nights ago that he had pretty much convinced himself that Alice Dolores hadn’t been any kind of secretary, or done any kind of work at all, that it was an ocean of bullshit. But he was wrong. The proof was in front of him. He reached for another of the books, which was a lot more of the same – only this spanned a couple of weeks in mid-June. He flicked through page after page, hoping there might be something, anything, that would let him get a handle on the missing girl. He didn’t find it. All he saw were long, loopy entries of numbers and words, meaningless little words: “2 pages McAndrew”; “Sir V-P on meeting Barbara H”; “Marginalia in RA Summer Exh Programme”. After a while he got bored and put it away.
He told himself to look at one more; he thought that was the kind of thing one did if one got paid a grand and a half. He skipped all the other index books and went right to the last. It started on July 31st and ended abruptly, as he had supposed it would, on August 4th. Other than this it was pretty similar to the others. A graphologist might have looked at the slant of the looping curls and detected a little discombobulation in the Dolores mindset, but St Cloud sure as hell didn’t see anything important. The last page had twenty-five entries, all in the same pen. These were lists of yet more obscure details. He pushed his finger over the page, to see if Alice had pressed any harder that day – as if that might be a clue to some sudden attack of brain fever or something like it – and as he did he felt that the remainder of the book was slightly thicker than it should have been. He picked it up and, with an effort, shook it out. A loose piece of paper, old and yellow, fluttered to the floor. He hoped it was a suicide note or a cryptic last message or a first-hand account of alien abduction.
He was disappointed. It was another damned list. It looked a little like the lists in the index books, except this piece of paper was old and crumbling, and it wasn’t in Alice Dolores’s handwriting. He compared the list to the last set of entries, and found them to be the same. Well, almost the same: the index book contained only the first half of the entries on the paper. He looked at the last entry Alice had included: it was as opaque as the others: “X33 - Set of 3 – RM issue – Red Mercury”. The penultimate one read: “X32. Letter from OM re CS and aftermath”. The entry before that read, “Envelope for X32”.
He reread these final entries, and looked back at the piece of paper. The very last had a slight discrepancy between the two lists: the old, yellow one read “Set of 4 – RM issue – Red Mercury” and yet Alice’s entry read, quite clearly, “Set of 3”. He looked closer: the pen strokes were bold and definite. He wondered if it was a typo of some sort, a slip. But it didn’t look like it.
He put the old, yellow list back in the book and returned it to the bureau. A low rumble told him that the other guests in the sitting room had turned to Glenn Miller for some solace. It was too much to have hoped for Gershwin. He finished up the whisky, and sat there wondering about a few things, including “OM” and “CS”. Then he got up and left the study and returned to the sitting room. Bonnie was a little pissed now, and Patrick was gently swinging her arms along like he had taken his daughter to a hop. Todd was nodding gamely like life’s spectators do, and Lisbeth was deep in conversation with the Jermyn-Lloyd party. Barbara was just zonked out. Miss Keppel stood a little apart watching them dance. She looked a little sad. He crossed the room to her and said, 
‘Thank you for that.’
‘Did you find anything?’
He searched her face, but it was the usual blank. He just said, 
‘No. But it was useful to have a look.’
She nodded slightly and looked at him askance. He wondered if there was something in that. If there was he couldn’t get it. He turned and went over to the dresser, where he found the whisky and poured himself a fat one. There came the strains of the Moonlight Serenade. The army band ploughed on, one-paced, regardless.
Patrick said, ‘I’ll twist you, if you like,’ and Bonnie laughed.
St Cloud nursed his whisky and wandered across to the sofa to take a seat. He felt the Keppel’s eyes on him all the way. When he got there Todd leaned across and behind bright blue eyes he said, ‘I hear you are doing Mrs J a little favour – professionally speaking.’
St Cloud shot a glance at Miss Keppel. She hadn’t necessarily said that she wasn’t going to let the cat out of the bag, but he still hadn’t expected it. He said,
‘Yes. You could say that.’
Todd nodded. ‘Sweet girl, that Alice.’
‘You knew her?’
‘Well – not well. But we’re on the floor below, so we’d sometimes see her coming up the stairs after she’d been out. And we pop in here every other week or so, so we saw her then.’
‘Alice part of the party, then?’
‘Not exactly. Didn’t really join in. Not like your – ’
St Cloud looked at Bonnie. She was swivelling her hips in a sort of quasi-Sixties dance. It looked all wrong, but Patrick was loving every second of it, and Glenn Miller was long past caring. St Cloud turned back to Todd. His head was galloping. He said,
‘Any idea why she left?’
Todd just shook his head. St Cloud looked back around the room. His eye caught Lisbeth’s. She looked a little disapproving. 


They took the tube back as far as Victoria then decided to taxi it back to the Elephant. Partly this was because of the cheque the Keppel had written for him. Partly it was because Bonnie was drunk.
He said, ‘I didn’t know you knew the Glenn Miller dance.’
She said, ‘Shut up,’ and kissed him on the lips.
The cab flashed past Artillery Row. The blue LEDs outside the Yard promised good things for career aspirants and mob-fingerers. The red taxi numbers were already beginning to climb. He regretted the cab. He always regretted cabs, the minute he got in them. Bonnie put her head on his shoulder, and said,
‘Where did you sneak off to half way through? It was a little dislo – dislora – ’
‘You’re either going to say it was disloyal, or deplorable, or both at the same time.’
She jerked her head up.
‘Smart aleck,’ she said, and gave him a playful slap on the cheek.
He said, ‘I was working, if you must know. Some of us don’t rest. Some of us don’t get drunk and do the twist with old men.’
She slurred, ‘You’ll make me mad if you keep saying that stuff.’
‘Don’t get mad.’ He kissed the top of her head.
‘Okey dokey.’
‘And don’t say “okey-dokey”.’
‘What do you want me to say?’
‘How about you help me out and tell me where that damned girl has disappeared to?’
‘Alice through the looking glass?’
‘Yes. It’s beginning to piss me off.’
She said, ‘Maybe she just vanished.’ She clicked her fingers.
He said, ‘I didn’t know you could do that.’
She replied, ‘Can’t you?’
‘You know I can’t. Like I can’t make a noise by putting my thumb in my mouth and flicking it out, and I can’t roll my “r”s. It’s what comes of Comprehensive School.’
‘I can’t do any of those things either.’
‘You rolled you arse tonight okay.’
‘Hey!’ She gave him another slap. ‘I can do this.’ She clicked her fingers again, and laughed prettily.
He tried and failed. She laughed again. He made a serious face.
Parliament Square went past, all placards and postcards, Tamils talking genocide in pop-up tents, hunger strikers, “democracy village”.
St Cloud said, ‘I don’t think people just vanish.’
Bonnie said, ‘You think she’s been murdered. You always think people have been murdered. That’s because all your life the people you looked for ended up murdered.’
‘That’s a neat line. Sort of philosophical.’
‘Why should she?’
‘What?’
‘Why should she be murdered? Alice through the wonderland.’
‘I don’t know. Maybe the Keppel killed her because she was jealous of the old lady’s interest.’
Bonnie said wildly, ‘Maybe the old lady killed her.’
St Cloud snorted. ‘If she did, then you’ve got to admire that Filipino maid. She did a hell of a job of clearing up the mess. The place was spotless.’ He thought for a minute and asked, ‘I still don’t know the answer to the most basic question. What was the old lady’s interest in her?’
Bonnie said, ‘Sexual.’
‘Sexual?’
‘Platonic sexual.’
‘More like prehistoric sexual. Actually I think maybe familial.’
‘Familial sexual?’
‘Just familial. Stop saying “sexual”.’
‘Spoilsport.’
‘I mean just familial.’
‘What do you mean, familial?’
He said: ‘It’s a stab in the dark. But those archives she was working on are all family stuff. The Jermyn-Lloyds through the ages. The index books were all pretty cryptic but you can tell they’re full of lists of letters from star-crossed debutantes to toffee-nosed wankers. I just can’t get my head around what a girl like her would be doing, absorbed in those musty archives, if she didn’t have some prior interest. I also can’t get my head around why Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd would ask a girl like Alice to do that kind of a job for her. I wonder if the old lady was patronising her.’
‘Like you patronise me?’
‘No.’
‘No not the same or no you don’t patronise me?’
‘Both. I mean it literally – patronage. I’m wondering if the old lady took her on to look after her, take her in.’
Bonnie gave a little hiccup. ‘An illegitimate daughter?’
‘Maybe.’
‘Isn’t she a bit young for that? No – I mean isn’t she a bit old for that. No I don’t mean – oh, fuck it. I don’t know what I mean.’
‘You’re lovely when you talk dirty.’
‘In that case you’re a fucking lazy cu– ’
‘Probably both too old and too young for a daughter. Granddaughter?’
She said, ‘I don’t know. It’s too late for maths. Let’s just say they could be cog- cog-’
‘Cognac?’
‘Cognate.’
‘Oh.’
‘It means they have a shared ancestor.’
‘I know what it means.’ He thought for a minute, then said, ‘There’s another explanation, of course.’
‘Which is?’
‘It’s entirely possible our Alice is a spy.’
‘A spy?’
‘A spy. A snoop. A shamus. A chiseller. A dick.’
‘You’re ridiculous.’
‘You always say that when you’re drunk.’
‘I’m not drunk.’
‘You’re as tight as a drum, honey.’
‘You only call me honey when you think I’m drunk. Or when you’re sexing me.’
‘Sexing you?’
‘Having sex with me. You know what I mean. Stop being awkward.’
‘Sexing is what you do to rabbits when you want to buy two girls.’
She gaped. ‘You’re so, so bad.’
‘I didn’t mean it like that.’
‘Anyway.’ She shook her pretty head, and said, ‘What on earth gives you the spidea? No, no. The – spy – idea.’
So he told her all about Solly Martins, and ABC Tec being bankrupt, and his theory about Alice being installed inside to get the goods on the prepack administration. Bonnie looked part confused, part bored, and always a long-haul flight from being convinced.
‘But what would anybody want to spy on those old ladies for? They’re not going bankrupt.’ She hiccupped again, and laughed.
He scratched his head. ‘I don’t know. It was just an instinct, you know – once a snoop, always a snoop.’ He thought momentarily of Helen Lees, and wondered whether Alice might have been snooping on her, too. But that didn’t seem very likely. He thought of something else, and said,
‘Unless she was a scribe, of some sort.’
‘A scribe?’
‘A journalist. Scoop rather than snoop. Admittedly she didn’t seem to have a laptop or a Blackberry or anything like it so it’s doubtful. But an idea struck me today when I was going through those index books. In particular the very last entries she made. There were about twenty of them and they looked like they were just copied from an old piece of paper stuck between the leaves of the book. One of the last entries she copied out was about a letter – it said something like “Letter from OM about the aftermath of CS”.’
‘So?’
‘It started me thinking about that Jermyn-Lloyd woman. She’d have been a young woman in the late Thirties, I reckon. And that got me thinking about a lot of things like the Mitford girls and the blackshirts.’
Bonnie pursed her lips. ‘Weren’t they the ones who liked Hitler?’
‘Roughly right. “OM” could be Oswald Mosley. And “CS” might be Cable Street – as in “Battle of”.’
She hiccupped again, and laughed, and said ‘Oh.’
‘We’re almost home.’
‘Thank God.’ She looked at him. ‘That was the very last entry?’
‘Yes. No – not quite. Near enough, though. It makes me wonder if Alice spent ten weeks looking for some dirt and the minute she found it she decided to get the hell out of there without saying goodbye.’
Bonnie said, ‘Would a letter really matter that much?’
‘It might if it’s a cheerleader’s guide to the British wing of the Nazi party. It might embarrass the old lady considerably.’
‘And she might want to write a newspaper story about it?’
He said, ‘Or it could be good old-fashioned blackmail. I’d like it if it was.’
‘Would you?’
‘Yes. Wouldn’t you?’
‘I wouldn’t care.’
‘No. I would, though. It would make Alice understandable. Nothing about Alice – or whatever her name is, this week – is understandable. Nothing. Blackmail would be lovely.’
She said sadly, ‘Sorry to disappoint. But it still doesn’t make sense, even if it is blackmail.’
‘Why not?’
‘It doesn’t explain why they want her back. If she was blackmailing them they’d want shot of her.’
‘Yes. I don’t understand that bit. That old woman is pretty on the level about that. She really does seem to be sweet on the girl. And the Keppel seems to resent it.’
‘Maybe she was just very good at the job.’
‘Yes.’ He had a thought. ‘Having said that, she wasn’t perfect. I did notice a little mistake as well on the very last entry – Alice had written a 3 instead of a 4.’
‘That doesn’t sound so bad. Not like the mistakes you – ’
‘I make yes, I get it. But that was the only page I looked at it in any detail. There might have been mistakes the whole way through, if I’d looked carefully enough. She might be dyslexic. She might be anything.’
‘There you are, then. I’ll bet that weird Keppel woman saw her mistake and gave her a telling off. I’ll bet Alice decided she’d had enough and gave her the heave-ho, and they’re all too embarrassed to tell you.’
St Cloud shook his head. ‘That doesn’t really work. Nobody had corrected it, which looks to me like nobody saw it. And if she was so slapdash it doesn’t make sense they want to pay me to find her. Or that they even want her back.’
Bonnie said suddenly, ‘You should ask Todd.’
‘What makes you say that?’
‘He talked about her. He told me he took her out for a drink once or twice. And the cinema.’
‘He did? Alice?’
‘The very same.’
‘I’ll bet Lisbeth didn’t like that.’
‘And I found out another thing about him.’
‘You did? What’s that?’
‘His name is Todhunter. Apparently everybody called Todd is really called Todhunter. Don’t you think that’s funny?’
‘Hilarious.’
‘Like a porno name.’
‘You’re talking dirty again, honey.’
‘And you’re calling me honey and not sexing me, rabbit boy.’ She lurched towards him and kissed him again. Then she said, ‘Maybe Lisbeth killed her out of jealousy. No – I think it was Miss Keppel, after all. In the library with the candlestick.’
He fell silent. 
She said, ‘What is it?’
‘Well – you joke.’
‘You don’t really think one of them killed her, do you?’
‘Well. That’s two things now that don’t feel right. First – her leaving her phone behind in the hole in the wall. I never did like that. And second – that old list in the book. Alice had only got about halfway through it – that was why she’d left the list in the book for when she came back to it, so she could continue it. Well – don’t you see, Bonnie? She was intending to come back the next day and carry on. That’s not a girl who was planning to leave her job that night.’
Bonnie said, ‘But that place in Hammer- hammer-‘
‘Hammered?’
‘Hammersmith. She ended up there, didn’t she?’
He nodded uncomfortably. ‘Apparently.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Only apparently because I only have the word of a useless scrounger who works there and a shamus who only thought he might have recognised her, and who hasn’t returned any of my messages in the last 24 hours, even the ones that say “call me urgently, shamus”. Apart from that, all I have is one phone call, made before she left the flat – and that might have been her calling a wrong number for all I know. So I can’t confirm she was alive after – well, after that day she’s meant to have left the flat - August 4th. Maybe not even then.’
 The sky began to darken. They shared a silence, which grew and grew. He stroked her hair again, but she pulled away.
Finally he said, ‘Thanks for coming. It wasn’t so bad.’
‘No.’ But she didn’t look at him.


Later that night as he smoked a cigarette, he looked across the rooftops of the hot night and then made one more attempt to get hold of Solly Martins. It just rang. He wondered if Solly had given up the ghost and gone fishing on the weekend. Or whether he’d decided to do an Alice Dolores and get out of town. Nothing would surprise him tonight.
Not long after this the phone rang.
‘Hi.’
It was Helen Lees.
He said, ‘I thought you weren’t contactable.’
‘Robert’s out.’
‘Oh. Does that make you contactable?’
‘Not necessarily.’
‘Well, then?’
‘I was wondering if you might come by the shop tomorrow.’
‘Close early on Mondays as well as Saturdays?’
‘No. But I do shut for lunch at one.’
‘Really. And what do you then?’
‘I forget the world.’
‘Gadzooks.’
‘You’re doing that on purpose, now.’
‘I’ll see you tomorrow.’
‘Oh. Good.’
It didn’t sound like Helen Lees had told Robert anything – and it didn’t appear that she knew St Cloud had accused her husband of dipping his brush in Alice’s paint pot. He remembered something: when Helen had first met her she had complained about ill use at the hands of some pig of a boyfriend. Maybe Alice had a thing for nasty men. It happened. Mostly to women who didn’t get pushed around enough by their fathers and so went looking for someone else to do it instead. He wondered what kind of man Alice Dolores’s father was; and whether Robert Lees shaped up as a substitute.
In daylight it would all look pretty thin, of course.


It doesn’t matter how bad a Sunday you have, Monday is worse. Either it’s worse because your Sunday didn’t go so bad, and you wish you were back there, or it’s worse because your Sunday was awful and you wish you didn’t waste your Sundays doing awful things. Even if your Sunday involved afternoon tea, Glenn Miller and the worst kind of smalltalk, your Monday would still be worse. Especially with a hangover and that guilty little feeling you get if you’ve enjoyed a bit of sex talk with another man’s wife.
St Cloud drove to ABC Tec. That didn’t make it any better.
Nor did the city. Whoever designed London after the war had never intended anybody to travel from the black districts to the white districts between eight and nine in the morning. St Cloud spent an hour in the crosstown traffic, an hour of spongy knees and ankles, of the bright slappy sunshine in his eyes, of hot ears and crusty eyes. He passed in and out of the damp stripes of the council-block shadows, gliding through town, trying not to think of all the things in his life that had gone so very wrong, starting with not trying harder at school and ending with not spending Sunday with Bonnie in Brighton.
In contrast to his last visit late on Saturday afternoon Mahalgrave Mews was a positive hive of activity. For a start, the burger van was back, and it even had a queue. At the front St Cloud recognised Thing One and Thing Two from ABC Tec. Standing by the van a couple of the other workers in blue overalls were drinking coffee from paper cups and smoking cigarettes, stooping as they laughed, dropping their dog ends. The door to ABC Tec was open and people were coming and going. None of them – of course – was Alice Dolores, not even if she’d bought a variety pack of wigs and put on three stone. He had a good look out for battered old Solly Martins’s battered old Ford Focus, but didn’t see it anywhere. What he did see was an old-gold Rolls Royce, looking venerable and past its prime. He guessed Mr Khalid was at home.
He wandered into the reception. It was empty. A fly buzzed around the beige painted metal walls, colliding every so often with an extended sound, like a vuvuzela.
Eventually one of the Things came in eating a bacon sandwich. She said,
‘Help you?’
‘St Cloud. I’ve got an appointment with the boss.’
She took him through the place, the same route Graham Goff had on Friday morning. The factory floor looked pretty much the same. He didn’t know what six thousand keyboards would look like but he guessed it would look like a lot of cardboard boxes. He didn’t see any of those. He wondered what Solly Martins might give for the opportunity to get inside the place and give it the once-over. Unlike St Cloud he would know exactly what he was looking for. St Cloud wondered again why Martins, apparently ready to strike a deal, hadn’t returned his calls.
He got shown into the same office as before, only this time it was occupied by a small, grey-bearded Sikh man, who was perched on the edge of the seat and staring into a computer screen. He wore a grey suit with cream stripes and a bright yellow shirt that didn’t match very well. What didn’t help was the fact that his grey suit was a distinctly lighter shade than his grey beard and moustaches, which were slightly magnificent. He didn’t look like he was used to being there; in fact he was perched on the chair so lightly it looked as though he was trying to touch as little of the place as possible, like a doctor in a cholera camp.
He looked up as St Cloud entered.
‘Mr Khalid?’
‘Oh, you are Mr St Cloud?’
Khalid hit a couple of computer keys and looked back at St Cloud. He looked a little flustered. 
St Cloud said, ‘The bird has flown the nest.’
‘What?’
‘Natalie Engleman.’
‘What? Oh, yes, yes.’
‘You were going to find me her address.’
‘Yes. It is in the office.’
‘Not this office?’
‘No, no. The office.’
‘You have another office?’ He hoped it wasn’t in Coventry.
‘Upstairs.’
‘Okay.’
‘Is that where she worked - Natalie? Upstairs?’
‘Yes, yes. Come. I will show you.’
He tapped another couple of keys. St Cloud looked at him. His shoulders seemed a little tense.
He said, ‘Come. You will come with me.’
He stood up. St Cloud followed him out of the office and through the shop floor to another set of steps, which led up to another mezzanine above the far right-hand corner of the floor. They climbed the steps and went into another little office, the one with ‘Accounts’ on the door. There was a chair and a desk and another old-fashioned computer. St Cloud looked about him. If he had hoped for a lipstick-covered photo of Robert Lees or a dartboard with Miss Keppel’s face taped over it or anything else that might make it look like Alice’s home-from-home, he was to be disappointed. It was bare. There was a computer screen and a pile of envelopes. St Cloud had a quick scan through them. They were all stamped and addressed in handwriting to various companies, including one called “BLX” and one called “Chepstow Financial”. He looked a little closer.
It was the handwriting from the index books: Alice’s handwriting.
That last doubt – that Graham Goff had been lying, or that Solly Martins had misidentified her – vanished. She had been here. And so she had left Dante Gardens after all, just as he had been told. Bonnie was wrong. The Keppel hadn’t killed her. No one had. At least no one had before Sunday morning when she rang Mr Khalid and quit her job. St Cloud laid a gentle hand on the desk. She had been here less than forty-eight hours ago. There was something ephemeral in that, ghostly even.
He said, ‘These letters. Miss Engleman would have written those?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh. Can I take them?’
Khalid frowned. ‘Take them?’
‘Yes.’
‘But they are company letters.’
‘Okay. I’ll post them.’
‘You will post them?’
‘Yes,’ he lied. ‘I’ll post them on my way out.’
It was easier than saying that he wanted to know if Chepstow Financial, or BLX for that matter, was the firm who had paid Alice Dolores to spy on ABC Tec in order to get their goods back before Khalid pulled the prepack trigger; and whether she’d sent them her final report and her bill as the last act of leaving ABC Tec. And it was easier than saying that he wanted to have a stamp she had licked, so he might have Alice’s DNA in case he needed to search it against any databases.
Khalid shook his head. St Cloud dropped the envelopes back on the desk, and dropped the subject.
He said, ‘When she called you up yesterday morning and gave you the tablet – what did she say her reason was?’
Khalid said, ‘The tablet?’
‘It’s an expression. It means to tell someone to – well, it means to be uncooperative.’
‘She gave no reason.’
‘No reason?’
‘This girl is working here for a week. For one week. This is girls today. They do not want to work.’
St Cloud remembered all those long entries in the index books. Khalid was wrong. Alice Dolores could work if she wanted to. So her quitting must mean she hadn’t wanted to. He asked,
‘Did you have any trouble with her? Was she not very happy here?’
Khalid shook his head. ‘We do not have trouble here. We are a happy place to work.’
That didn’t sound too much like a company losing money hand over fist and about to fold. Solly Martins would have laughed and written it down in a notebook. St Cloud wasn’t in the mood to laugh, and he didn’t have a notebook. He said, ‘She did her work okay?’
‘At her work we had no problems. She was very good, perfect for the job. But it is not a question of this. It is a question of wanting to work.’
‘And what about a notice period? Did you let her just suddenly go?’
‘She does not want to work for me, I do not need her here.’
That sounded square enough; an unwilling horse wasn’t good to anybody. ‘How did she sound on the telephone? Did it sound as though anything was wrong? Was she unsettled, somehow?’
‘I did not take this call.’
‘You didn’t?’
‘No. Mr Goff took this call.’
‘Graham Goff?’
‘That is right, Mr Goff.’
Now St Cloud was confused. ‘Are you sure, Mr Khalid? That Graham Goff took the call?’
‘Yes, yes.’
Graham Goff knew St Cloud was looking for her. Graham Goff had St Cloud’s mobile number. He even knew that there might be some kind of reward if she turned up. Yet he had heard – nothing. Nothing at all. 
He asked, ‘Is Mr Goff at work today?’
‘Yes.’
‘Can I speak to him about it? About this phone call?’
Khalid seemed to notice the note of urgency. There was a little yellow flicker in his eyes. He seemed now to realise that St Cloud didn’t belong in this office, or this company, and that he ought to be on his guard. He crossed his arms and pursed his lips. It wasn’t a smile. St Cloud wondered how much Khalid might know about Solly Martins and other vultures circling, watching his every move. Khalid said,
‘Can you tell me is it important, Mr St Cloud?’
St Cloud yawned. He was tired. He was tired of ABC Tec. And he was tired of telling the truth. It was making his mouth ache. And now he had Khalid on his guard and crossed arms and pursed lips, it was all going to get stickier. So he ditched the whole truth idea and went for a big, chunky bluff.
He said quickly: ‘It involves the police.’
Khalid furrowed his brow. ‘The police?’
‘I’m afraid so. Miss Natalie Engleman is the subject of a missing person’s report. Her family have asked me to look into it because they really want her home. Don’t want her to join the cult of the Waterloo Embankment, pretty worried about her. They’ve reported her missing to Hammersmith Police Station. The Community Safety Team there is dealing with it. That’s okay except the family have got some political connections and they’re trying to be discreet, but the cops don’t really recognise the term. And well, they’re likely to make a noise – lots of searches, dogs, you know the kind of thing. So the family have asked me to get in front of them, try and smooth it over. If you can just let me have a little look through her desk here, and let me ask Goff a few questions about that phone call, well – I can probably satisfy the police when I talk to them and they won’t need to come here themselves – to search the place for her.’
Khalid’s placed the tips of his fingers together, like he was playing chess. It was a decent enough show.  But his eyes gave him away.
He said shortly, ‘I will make sure Mr Goff speaks with you. He is the man for you to speak to.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘And the address?’
He went to a little filing cabinet in the corner of the room, and opened the top drawer. Then he turned back holding a piece of paper, which he handed St Cloud. It was an old pixellated printout, with spool holes down the sides. It read: Miss N. L. Engleman. 132C Granville Street W9. 0208-892-2011.
He took it, wrote the details down on the back of his hand in biro, then handed it back to Khalid.
Khalid said, ‘This is Miss Engleman’s desk. This is the way she left it on Thursday. She was not here on Friday – she telephoned to say she was unwell.’
‘Thursday? I thought she was last here on Saturday?’
‘No no, Thursday.’
‘But – ’
He stopped himself. The only reason he knew she was at work on Saturday was because Solly Martins had texted him and told him so. And that was a button he couldn’t push; at least not yet, and not with Khalid. He said,
‘You said you would fetch Mr Goff for me?’
Khalid went out of the door. St Cloud looked over the cheap wooden desk with its unvarnished wooden drawers and dusty top, as different as can be imagined from the wooden bureau he had looked at through a whisky haze 24 hours before. It was stained with coffee rings and had old white paper stickers that had died and couldn’t ever be rubbed off. The computer was an old business, with a base station sat on the desk and a monitor on top of it. On the screen was one of those stupid bright green hillsides and blue skies, which are meant to make you pine for Indiana or Bavaria but just remind you of the fact that the world is plastic, photographs are phantoms, and movies are turgid tractor beams for the brain-dead. He waggled the mouse and looked at the icons but they were a mixture of same old same old and indecipherable trade programs about stock control and stores ordering. He double clicked one of the latter, and saw a long, crazy list of figures. It might have given Solly Martins and the boys from Corporate and Financial a lazy one; but it did nothing for St Cloud.
The rest of the desk – apart from the letters – was full of untidy junk, and St Cloud didn’t waste much time on it. Then he dropped down to his knees and had a quick look under the desk. Something stirred him a little: his nose got the scent of perfume, the same distinctive scent he had detected in the wardrobe back at Dante Gardens; and he chased it below the desk to a three-drawer unit, and noticed that the bottom lock was scratched and slightly bent, like somebody had bust it open recently. The drawer was empty. The other two drawers were locked. He pulled the bottom drawer out, and felt underneath it to see if he could get into the top two, but this was impossible. So he put the drawer back and was about to pull away when his eye caught something glinting on the carpet below.
It was an earring.
He reached down and picked it up. It was silver, a small, unostentatious loop. He weighed it in his hand. He had the same sensation as he had before, in the box room at Dante Gardens, of almost being able to touch the girl herself, and yet her being out of his reach. He looked at the earring – yes, it would have suited a nice foxy ear on a nice foxy girl. It might even have suited a plain girl. Once more the image of Alice appeared, and just as soon it disappeared again.
Then he looked back at the carpet. There was something else.
Blood. 


He got up and quietly closed the door to the office. Outside ABC Tec carried on as before.
St Cloud had seen about a million bloodstains and he knew when it was curry or coffee or rust or shit, and this was none of those things. It was small with a flayed edge: it looked to him like it had dropped from at least three feet. How recently it had got there he didn’t like to say. But it didn’t look old in the way he would call a bloodstain old; it wasn’t flaking to dust. Nothing about it told him it hadn’t got there in the last forty-eight hours.
He looked back at the earring and held it up to the light. It looked clean enough. He went back over the desk, as minutely as he could but didn’t see very much. Then, on hands and knees, he went over the floor as well. He found another blood spot – only this was very faint, about a foot behind the chair, near to the back wall and the door that was set into it. Then he got back up and sat in the chair and tried to look like he was waiting.
Presently Khalid came back in. He said, ‘Mr Goff is out on a delivery. He will be back shortly.’
St Cloud said casually, ‘Did Natalie keep anything in the desk? Any of her possessions? I’m sure the family will want to know. How about,’ – he lifted a foot to indicate the 3-drawer cabinet – ‘ in here?’
‘No, no,’ said Khalid. ‘This is for stationery. Cartridges.’
‘Cartridges?’ He thought of guns.
‘For printers.’
‘Ink cartridges?’
‘Toner, yes. It is locked from the staff.’
He nodded, as if to say he understood, though he still didn’t understood any of it. ‘Okay, how about I go and try and find the girl at that address you gave me. If I don’t have any luck then I’ll come back and see Goff and find out what he has to say.’ He looked around the room, and said: ‘Those blinds across the windows and the doors. Do they work?’
Khalid said ‘Blinds?’
‘Do they work?’
‘I would not know.’
‘Fine. Mr Khalid, I’ll level with you. I don’t really want to have to go talk to the police about this missing girl. They can be a little – well, inflexible. I’d much rather find her myself and have a talk to her, and see if I can’t persuade her to go home. That’s what the family want – a bit of softly softly. Do you understand? So if I can pick this girl up at the address you gave me then all well and good. If not then I’m going to have to come back here and ask your Mr Goff a few more questions. But listen. If I end up talking to the police I’m going to have to tell them that I’ve exhausted this end of the business. So I need your co-operation – you and Goff’s. Is that understood?’
Khalid said, ‘I have given you – ’
‘Or the police will come and search this place for her. Turn it over, top to bottom.’
He was overplaying it. His eye caught Khalid’s. The brow was furrowed but the old eyes were full of understanding. 
Khalid said, ‘I will ask Mr Goff to wait here for you to call.’
St Cloud nodded, and said, ‘Good.’


Outside, Monday was heating up and everyone was dissolving like stock into a risotto. He looked up and down the street and got into the Leon. There was still no trace of Solly Martins. In a way St Cloud was relieved. He didn’t exactly know what kind of conversation they would have, right now.
He got into the Leon and fished through his phone. Eventually he found what he was looking for, a number he hadn’t used in about a million years.
‘Paul Kneen? It’s Michael St Cloud.’
There was a pause and then, ‘Michael? Jesus, long time no hear.’
‘Yes.’
‘This a social call?’
‘No.’
‘Oh. Okay. You still with the Met?’
St Cloud said quickly, ‘No,’ thought about adding “as you fucking well know” and decided that wasn’t any kind of way to do business. So he said,
‘And you? Are you still working for SPS?’
‘Kind of.’
‘Kind of?’
‘We’ve merged. We’re now BSPS.’
‘Oh. Get taken over by someone big beginning with B?’
‘Other way around.’
‘Oh. Wow.’
‘It happens.’
‘I didn’t peg your crowd as corporate sharks.’
‘No. It was the best decision all round.’
He caught the inflexion. It had been Kneen’s decision. Jesus, when he had known Kneen he had just been the fixer, the rep, the can-do man that the company sent out to shake hands and supply the goods. Now he was the man pushing the button, the man eating up other companies, the man in the chair. Suddenly his phone call, his intended request, seemed tiny and pathetic. He said defensively, ‘Look this is probably small fry and miles beneath you, but I need something fast. It probably isn’t worth your while but you might have to make an exception for me.’
‘Michael, I spent my life making exceptions for you.’
‘Yes.’ He had a sudden pang. He had first done business with Kneen a long time ago, when Kneen was pliable and commercially shrewd and willing to take a lot of chances on what St Cloud told him. And what had happened? Kneen had become an executive. Maybe even a CEO. No doubt all those people St Cloud had worked with at the Met had moved up the chain as well: Forensic Scientists had become Senior Scientists, Chief Inspectors had become Superintendents – my God, even the AC would probably be about to step up to better things – Chief Constable somewhere. It was only St Cloud who was on the scrapheap, poking around in shitty railway arches looking for girls who didn’t want to be found.
He said through gritted teeth, ‘Can you get me some luminol?’
‘I should think so. Powdered?’
‘Pre-prepared if you’ve got it.’
‘How much?’
‘3 litres.’
There was a pause. ‘That’s all?’
‘That’s all. This isn’t bulk buying. This is only for one job. It’s just that I need it really, really fast. I can pay the rate.’
‘Have it on the house.’
‘You don’t have to – ’
‘It would cost me more to put it through the accounts.’
‘Oh. Okay. Sure?’
‘Sure.’
‘Thanks. Oh – and one more thing.’
‘Which is?’
‘We never had this conversation.’
There was a silence, then Kneen said, ‘Michael?’
St Cloud said, ‘Paul, you want to do me a favour, do me a favour. But that favour involves you keeping this between us and nobody else.’
Kneen said coolly, ‘If you want.’
‘I want.’
He hated it, this kind of business. He hated it from his head to his toe. He hated himself for doing it. As if sensing this Kneen said quickly, ‘I’ll get it couriered over to wherever you’re working.’
St Cloud said quickly, ‘No. I’ll collect it.’
‘Michael, we’ve moved out into the sticks, we’re in Reading – ’
They had moved. They had moved and he hadn’t. Everyone had moved and he hadn’t. He wanted to slam the phone against the wall. 
Instead he said, ‘Get someone to bring it to Paddington station. Can you get there this afternoon – say 2 o’clock?’
‘That should be fine. I’ll get one of the drivers. Whereabouts?’
‘Station entrance. I’ll have a pink carnation and a copy of the Telegraph.’
Kneen breathed out and chuckled softly. He said, ‘Okay, Michael. Look after yourself. Good to speak.’
‘Yes,’ St Cloud cut the call. 
Then he said suddenly, ‘Fuck you,’ into the empty phone.


He took the Westway and flew over those bits of London that aren’t anything, not even Metro-land, at least not properly, where the high glass buildings and the garden cities run out and where men live ugly lives with ugly women in ugly houses before dying of boredom. He dropped down and swamped around roundabouts, sun glistening on the windscreens amid the bombast of hip-hop from the boy racers driving their mothers’ hatchbacks, and the thin squeals of teenage touch-me hi-jinx. The radio told him a lot of careless things about insects coming too far north and hosepipe bans and London being hotter than Athens. It was all bullshit and everyone knew it, even the halfwits who had to read it out loud. This hot summer would last another 24 hours and then go down the tube like those other national treasures, the economy and the British sense of decorum. And everybody knew it.
He took a left, went through Acton for a while, got stuck behind a lot of people not doing a great deal, and found Granville Street off a little back alleyway behind a row of nasty shops and one of those primary schools with barbed wire across the top of the gate and pictures of butterflies on the window. He parked up and wandered up and down the street for a while, until he found 132 and discovered without any surprise at all that there wasn’t an A or a B, let alone a C. He called the number on the slip of paper but that just died in a long low tone. He nodded with the wisdom of a fool proved right; and got back into the Leon.


He was halfway back to ABC Tec when he remembered he had agreed to meet Helen Lees at one o’clock. He looked at his watch: quarter past.
‘Shit,’ he said, and threw a three-point turn.
He tore through the streets, heading back east towards Notting Hill Gate. When he got there he parked on the double yellow right outside and jumped out. The shop was shut up with a sign saying “Back at 2”.
‘Shit,’ he said again. He hammered on the door, loudly and heavily – so much that he surprised himself. Then he put his hands up to the glass and tried to shield his eyes from that burning sun, trying to see into the gloom beyond. Through the translucent glass he saw a little movement and then a shape approaching. He stood back. The door swung open. Light wafted into his eyes. It cleared, and Helen Lees stood in front of him.
Instantly, he regretted knocking.
He said, ‘Sorry, look, something happened and I – ’
‘It’s fine.’
‘Oh. Is it?’
‘Yes.’
He followed her through the shop. It was cool and musty, and smelt of natural things. As she passed the counter her hand lightly brushed against it, a mere momentary contact; and then she was through and beyond and in the back room. He followed, a little out of breath, a little awkward, thinking about everything in the world, and seeing all of it wrapped up in the scent of the shop and that light brush against the counter.
In the back room she said, ‘Want a drink?’
He said, ‘I don’t know.’
She said, ‘There’s coffee.’
He said, ‘Okay then.’
She went to the side and put the kettle on. It was like it had been on Saturday; except this time neither of them spoke. They just stood there in the back room, him facing her, and her facing the window, waiting for the kettle to steam. Finally she turned to him, and leant back on the work surface, her arms either side of her, pushing up her shoulders straight, taking some of her weight so that she could hang with her legs crossed at the ankles. He noticed something. There was a faint shadow on her arm, bluish grey.
He said, ‘What’s that?’
She said, ‘Nothing,’ and looked away.
She lifted a leg and traced the line of her calf with her toe. Then she looked back with a half-smile on her face. His heart missed a beat.
He said through gritted teeth, ‘It’s a bruise.’
Her eyes looked straight into his, brown and like hot broth, imploring. 
He said stubbornly, ‘Helen, it’s a bruise.’ 
She exhaled and her head sagged. ‘Yes.’
‘Yes?’
Steam began to rise from the kettle in a little plume.
He took a step towards her. She said, ‘I bruise easily.’
‘So does everyone married to a grizzly bear.’
Her eyes dropped to the floor.
She said, ‘It isn’t really like that.’
He said, ‘It never is.’
He saw pain in those eyes now, little pools of it etched in black, and more than that: he saw a maelstrom, and in the midst of it the reflection of a long, lean girl with dark trouble in her heart and her thirtieth birthday in the rear view mirror.
He put his lips against her forehead and pressed lightly.
She said with bitterness: ‘I wasn’t drowning, you know.’
‘Yes. I know.’
‘I was waving.’
‘Yes.’
‘Really I was.’
He bent his head and kissed her. The kettle, unattended, flicked itself off, filling the space above their heads with steam which settled on the coving and ceilings and dripped about them in little cold droplets; one struck the back of St Cloud’s neck. It didn’t make a lot of difference. Helen Lees started soft and ended hard. St Cloud got busy with the in-betweens. That was the way of those August afternoons. 


Kneen’s driver met him at the entrance to Paddington with a small brown cardboard box, with the words “As discussed” scrawled across the top. St Cloud grabbed it under one arm, then found a hardware shop where he bought a garden spraycan, some gaffer tape and a decent torch. He asked the shop boy for a carrier bag and put the box into it alongside the torch and the tape and the spraycan. Then he got back into the Leon and drove to ABC Tec.
When he got back into reception he found a surly Graham Goff waiting for him wearing the same boiler suit as last week, rolling a lolly stick around his tongue, long legs outstretched on a chair.
He said truculently, ‘Mr Khalid’s had to leave.’
‘He has?’
‘Other business. Sends his apologies.’
‘Gone to the phoenix birthing pool?’
‘You what?’
‘It’s a joke. Don’t worry about it.’
Goff shifted his legs. ‘Mr Khalid said you wanted to talk to me.’
St Cloud said, ‘I do. Let’s go back up to Miss Engleman’s office.’
‘Who?’
‘Your friend Natalie, who upped and quit her job yesterday.’
‘Oh. Her.’
‘Yes, her.’
‘That’s not her office.’
‘Well, I want to go there anyway.’
Goff swung his legs out of the chair like a teenager told to go and wash dishes, and wandered through the shop floor, back up the stairs to the mezzanine, and into the little office with the computer and the desk. The desk was now bare, the pile of envelopes gone. St Cloud had a sudden vision, a scene in The Lady Vanishes, a sweet wrapper plastered against the window of a moving train, Margaret Lockwood in distress. He should have picked the envelopes up. That spidery handwriting was his only evidence that Alice had ever been here, that he wasn’t chasing paper. He dropped into the chair behind the desk and passed a hand across his face. He was getting tired of making mistakes.
Goff lounged on a chair against the wall. They stared each other out for a minute. Then St Cloud said:
‘Okay, Graham, how about you tell me what the fuck is going on.’
‘Uh?’
‘If you don’t mind.’
‘I dunno what you mean.’
‘I came here last Friday looking for a girl. I showed you her photo. You told me she worked here. You also told me an awful lot of bullshit about how you didn’t know her name or her address and how she’d rung in sick. Next thing I know she’s phoned in quitting her job and disappeared off the face of the earth.’
Goff shrugged. ‘So she has.’
‘And now I also discover that the person she phoned yesterday was you.’
‘Yeah.’
St Cloud said with a little edge, ‘I’m wondering about that, Graham.’
‘What about it?’
‘I’m wondering about whether these three episodes are linked.’
‘Uh?’
‘Episode 1 – I ask you questions about my missing girl; episode 2 – you give me lots of shit; episode 3 – Natalie Engleman does a runner before I get a chance to speak to her. Can we see the link?’
‘I dunno what you mean.’
‘No?’
Goff looked at the floor, turned one of his boots to the side, and turned it back. St Cloud said,
‘Now let’s get one thing very straight here, Graham. Mr Khalid has promised me full cooperation. The reason he has done that is because if he doesn’t I will bring some very unwelcome guests into this shithole of a company – namely the Metropolitan Police Service. And I don’t intend to speculate on the reasons why, but that prospect made your boss do so many skid marks his pants now look like a Grand Prix track.’
Goff stretched his leg out, and back in, and didn’t look up.
St Cloud remarked, ‘I’m going to get angry in a minute. If you continue to give me the silent treatment, Graham, or you tell me any more lies, or you piss me off in some other fashion, I’m going to tell Khalid that I’m coming back here with the boys in blue and it’s because you – you personally, Graham Goff – didn’t cooperate. And then Khalid will sack you in the blink of an eye and you’ll be washing the spunk stains off your best suit, trying to get an interview for another job.’
Goff looked up sourly. ‘What do you want then?’
‘We’ll start with a couple of questions. Did you tell her I was looking for her? That you’d been shown her photo?’
Goff shook his head, and muttered, ‘No.’
‘What about when she rang you to tell you she was quitting? Did you tell her then? Somebody looking for her?’
He said, ‘No,’ again, and continued to look at the floor.
St Cloud wasn’t convinced. ‘Okay, let’s have your version. What did she say then – when she called you?’
‘She just rang in. Said she’d had enough and wasn’t coming back to work.’
‘Were those her words? That she’d “had enough”.’
‘Something like that.’
‘Something like that? Either they were her words or they weren’t.’
‘Don’t really remember.’
‘It was 24 hours ago, Graham.’
‘Yeah?’ He looked up truculently. ‘Well, I don’t remember. It wasn’t important.’
St Cloud said, ‘Well, then, what did you say to her?’
‘Nothing.’
‘Didn’t you tell her what a mistake she was making or find out why she wasn’t happy in her chosen career, or what development opportunities she might be interested in, or offer her a pay rise, or at least – at the very least, Graham – get her to wait until you’d spoken to Khalid.’
‘Nope.’
‘None of those things?’
‘It wasn’t like that. She’d had enough. She was a lazy cow, couldn’t stick it.’
St Cloud placed a palm on the desk where the envelopes had been. He didn’t think Alice Dolores was a lazy cow; he thought Graham Goff was a lying bastard. He said, ‘Let’s try something else. That bottom drawer below the desk – was that Alice’s?’
Goff said, ‘No.’
‘You sure?’
‘She’d only been here a week or so.’
‘What was in it then?’
‘Some stuff I think. Printer ink, something like that.’
‘Printer ink?’
‘Well, cartridges. Yeah that’s right, a couple of cartridges.’
‘It was locked just because of that?’
‘People take them home, don’t they.’
‘It looks to me like someone’s banjoed it, Graham. Why would they do that for a couple of printer cartridges? Why not just ask for the key?’
‘I dunno.’
‘You’re sure it wasn’t Alice’s things in that drawer? You sure it wasn’t you banjoing that desk to have a root through her stuff?’
‘Fuck off, course not.’
 St Cloud let this settle, and said, ‘I can see we’re not going to get very far with this question and answer business. So why don’t I give you a hypothesis. I think I know what might have happened here.’
Goff shrugged. St Cloud said,
‘I once went to Egypt. They don’t drink in Egypt, the locals, so instead for entertainment they get together over coffee and talk. They tell you stories. One of the stories goes like this: once there were a bunch of Arab hitmen who would get a hundred thousand dollar contract to go and kill some politician or government official, and all they would actually do is go and see their prospective target and tell him about the contract and ask him to pay a hundred thousand dollars – in order not to be killed. And so that way they never had to kill anyone, they just got paid a fortune for doing nothing. Well, Graham Goff, I’m wondering whether you tried the same trick on my girl. Except those Arabs were sharp as glass, and the chances of a clumsy oaf like you carrying off that kind of a trick is as high as a dwarf doing a fucking limbo dance.’
‘I dunno what you’re – ’
‘Maybe you told Miss Natalie Engleman that a big man had come around the office looking to try and find her, and that he was willing to pay some money for the privilege. Maybe you even mentioned rich old ladies. Maybe you got wind of the fact that she didn’t want to be found. Maybe you asked little Natalie to match the deal in return for you keeping quiet and sending the nasty man away. And that’s why she quit and disappeared, Graham, and why I can’t find her. Because you cocked it up for me, you useless cunt.’
Goff remonstrated, ‘Bollocks.’
‘What is?’
‘That is. All of that is.’
There was something in his eyes, crimson churlishness, contempt, smugness even; but it wasn’t white innocence, and that was what mattered. A train passed across the arch above them, and the whole place gave a little shake. When the noise died, the machine-whirr from the factory floor took over, and the sound of yelling voices. St Cloud asked coolly, ‘Do you work weekends, Graham?’
He sniffed. ‘Might do.’
‘When you took this call – were you here, in the office?’
He said, ‘Downstairs. In my – in the other office.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘And Saturday? Did you work then?’
Goff nodded. ‘Yeah, I was in the weekend.’
He looked at the empty desk in front of him, where the envelopes had been. 
His eyes strayed beyond the desk to the floor below, and the faint little spots of blood. Those envelopes, that earring, the text from Solly Martins – 
Suddenly things became clear.
He felt a little chill down his spine.
St. Cloud got up from the seat and stood behind the desk. Goff did not look up.
He decided to go in hard; very hard. 
‘Listen to me, Graham. Khalid thinks she hasn’t been here since Thursday. I know she was here on Saturday.’
Goff’s eyes narrowed.
‘And that conversation – that one where you told her I was looking for her – I don’t think that happened on Sunday. I think it happened on Saturday. And not on the phone. No – right here in this office.’
Goff spluttered, ‘Uh?’
‘Here. On Saturday.’
‘You don’t know that.’
‘She came into work, didn’t she? And you were here, ready to blab. I can hardly see you waiting for the right mood. You’re a fucking oaf.’
‘I never – ’
‘There was a pile of envelopes on that desk this morning: that’s because she did them on Saturday, ready for posting on Monday. So she was definitely here in this office then. I think you came in here on Saturday afternoon and dumped that ugly body of yours in that chair that you’re currently sitting in, and had a conversation very much like this one. Except that unlike this one I think you didn’t just sit there and hang your head. I think instead you played it sly. I think you told her all about me and my questions and tried to get her to match the offer.’
Goff shuffled uncomfortably.
St Cloud said, ‘Except what I don’t understand is – you didn’t know what I wanted with her, or what I was offering.’
Goff said nothing.
St Cloud smote his forehead. ‘God, it wasn’t money, was it? Of course not. She wasn’t going to be able to match any money talk, not on her measly wage here. You didn’t know if it was a pound or a thousand. No – you wanted something else, didn’t you?’
Goff squirmed, and started shaking his head.
St Cloud yelled, ‘You fucking dirty bastard.’
Goff said, ‘No – ’
‘You filthy piece of shit. Did you threaten her? Did you tell her she was in trouble and you were going to sell her down the river? Unless she was nice to you – ’
‘No – ’
‘Nice like those girls are nice to men on your favourite websites.’
Goff cried, ‘You don’t know – ’
St Cloud took a step towards him and balled his fists. Goff raised his arms defensively.
St Cloud snarled ‘I know enough. I’ll bet you tried it on.’
‘No.’
‘Did you ask her to get down and make you happy, Graham? To play the pink clarinet?’
Goff cried, ‘No – ’
‘Did she do it Graham? Did she play? What did she play for you? Blowing in the wind?  Another prick in the wall?’
‘No!’
St Cloud stood over him. Another train shook them, screamed, squealed. Both of them ignored it.
St Cloud said, more quietly, ‘No. I’ll bet she didn’t.’
He turned on his heel and walked back across the room. Out beyond the window ABC Tec continued as before, blue-suited drones wearing goggles, standing over benches and trying to make themselves heard about the clatter of the factory floor. He turned back to the room. Goff looked back up at him with a strange, steely expression on his face. He drew breath and his nose tightened a little against his face. St Cloud said roughly:
‘Boy, are you in trouble, Graham Goff.’
Goff wiped his nose, and said, ‘I keep saying, I dunno what you mean.’
St Cloud said, ‘You tried to rape her, didn’t you.’
Goff said, ‘I didn’t – ’ and stopped himself.
‘You didn’t try? Or you didn’t rape her?’
‘No.’
‘No, but you tried to fuck her, didn’t you? I might not have her real address, Graham Goff, I might not even know what her damned name is, but there are things I know about that girl. And one of them is that she wouldn’t fuck a blubbery sloth like you, not unless – not unless you forced her to.’
A cloud passed across Goff’s face.
He said, ‘But I didn’t.’
St Cloud walked over to him, and sat down beside him. Goff jumped a little, his eyes wild and leaping. St Cloud placed a hand on his shoulder, and said tenderly, ‘Did you make her do it, Graham? Did you rape her? Did you hold her long straight brown hair and make her bend over and –’
‘Shut up,’ yelled Goff, and pulled his shoulder away. ‘Just fucking – ’
St Cloud soothed, ‘Was it lovely, holding her wrists and her hair and –’
‘Shut up!’
‘Oh dear. You can get more than just fired for trying to get a blow job off one of your employees, you know. You can go to court and get thrown in jail. And then, in perfect symmetry, in what Aristotle would have called a “peripeteian arc”, you’ll find it’s you who’s on the receiving end and playing fleshy woodwind in the prison band.’
Goff pushed himself away, and sat with his hands either side of him, hands in tight fists, pushing his knuckles hard into the fabric. He emitted a slow, wheezing gasp, his eyes tight shut. Whether his problem was with Aristotle, or incarceration, or fellatio, wasn’t exactly clear. He opened his eyes again and stared in front of him, unblinking.
This went on for a whole minute.
Then he turned and said, ‘Look. ’
‘What?’
‘Look, alright, she didn’t phone on Sunday.’
‘I know that.’
‘She quit on Saturday.’
‘Yes. I said.’
‘At least she said she was quitting. I didn’t believe her.’
‘Expecting to share a cigarette and roll her over for afters?’
‘Fucking shut up.’ The fists became outstretched palms, pressing against the fabric; his knuckles, though remained ghostly white.
He said in a small voice, ‘I stormed out, as it goes.’
‘You did what?’
‘Stormed out, didn’t I? She was the one left in here.’
‘You left her here?’
‘Yeah. I was due off at 3.’
‘What?’
‘Thing is, she was on til 6.’
St Cloud gaped. ‘Are you fucking me about, Graham?’
‘No, no, like I say – ’
‘You left a girl here on her own, even though she’d just quit her job?’
‘I told you. She was on til 6. I didn’t believe she meant it. About quitting the job, I mean. I thought – ’
‘You thought it was just her way of telling you to fuck off?’
He crumpled. ‘Yeah.’
St Cloud kicked himself for offering such an easy answer. He got up from the seat, turned and walked back to the windows. He was getting somewhere, but not anywhere, not really. Not with blood on the carpet and dark thoughts swirling about his head. He looked up at the blinds. They were grey with dirty strings to the side. They looked old but serviceable. He nodded to himself. It wasn’t talk that would settle it now, but action.
‘Okay Graham. I might – just might – not tell anyone else about this conversation. I’m not making any promises about that. But unless you do what I ask you, right now, and don’t blab your fat mouth about it, then be under no illusion. I’ll phone the cops and tell them what I think really happened on Saturday afternoon. And you’ll get nicked for rape and Khalid’ll be looking for a new employee.’
Goff said, ‘You’re off your tree, mate.’
‘I mean it. You do what I want you to, we might forget this.’
The eyes flickered. ‘What?’
‘I want you to go and get the key to this office and give it to me. Then I’m going to draw the blinds to make it so that nobody out in that factory can see anything of what goes on in here. Then you’re going to leave and I’m going to lock the door after you. Then, in exactly an hour, I’m going to come out again. And you are going to leave me to it and not disturb me, and not tell anybody else who works in this place that I’m even in here. And when I am gone you don’t breathe a word of this to anybody, not Khalid, or those trolls on your reception, not your mother, not even your fucking blow-up doll. Do you get it?’
Goff nodded, sourly. His eyes burned with hatred.
‘Good. Go get me the key.’


By the time he came back, St Cloud had shut the blinds and used the gaffer tape to stick down the edges to the walls and windowsills and had managed to mostly prevent the yellow half-light of the factory from creeping in at the edges. Goff wordlessly gave him the key; St Cloud sent him on his way and locked the door. Then he flicked on the light and opened the cardboard box. There was only a single glass bottle, wrapped up in tissue, and it was unmarked. St Cloud guessed Kneen had made it up himself from the powdered form. He shook a few times. Then he got the little torch out, got down on to his knees and went over the floor inch by inch, letting the torch beam play very slowly over the surface. He saw pretty much the same as before: what looked like two definite blood spots and a couple more that might be, one of which looked like a little too straight and one which looked a little too dark and flaky.
He clicked the torch off and thought about Alice, here on Saturday afternoon, with Goff trying his luck. They were large and flabby, those hands of his, but they could be strong all the same. Alice was only five feet three and size 8 in a red dress. St Cloud wondered grimly whether he ought to have asked Kneen to throw in a UV light and some acid phosphatase as well. But surely not, surely Goff couldn’t have actually got so far as to – but there was the earring. That was almost the clincher, that earring.
The spraycan was a beast, so St Cloud emptied the whole bottle into it, and gave it a decent shake and an exploratory burst, adjusting the nozzle until it came out as the finest of dusty sprays, like a draught, like a breath. Then he took hold of it, crossed back to the light switch, had a long, careful look at the desk, and the chair, and the carpet underneath, and the two spots he was pretty sure were bloodstains, and finally, when he was ready, he flicked the switch off and plunged the room into inky blackness.
There was no change in the noise from outside the windows; with the gaffer tape in place he guessed that the light being on or off couldn’t be noticed by those on the factory floor. He certainly couldn’t see very much; he dropped to all fours and felt for the edge of the desk, and brought up his left hand and sprayed it; the trigger was resistant and there was the faintest of sounds, and then a cold sensation on his knuckles. He felt his way along to the base of the chair, and sprayed that too. The floor began to give a ghostly little blue glow; the metal shaft sparkled brightly, a flitting, moving little pattern of vivid blue light, like a little firework; he sprayed below this and saw the spiralling arms of the chair base, picked out as if by fairy dust. Pushing the chair to the right he sprayed the carpet directly beneath it and then under the line of the desk and all the way up to the far wall. Ahead two little blue pearls appeared: the two blood spots he had seen earlier. He sprayed them, lightly at first and then harder. They glowed gratefully. He summoned up a mental map of the floor and moved off to the right, to roughly where he thought he had seen the faint stains in the light.
Along a line, almost exactly straight, a bright blue glow developed, spreading out from almost below the desk to an area behind the back of the chair. Breathing harder, he sprayed again and again: the glowing line broadened a little, and crept towards the far wall, where it came to an abrupt end. Next he sprayed around the rest of the floor, without success, until about ten inches to the right of the broad line he found another, fainter line, which ran almost exactly parallel from below the desk. This too ended abruptly at the line of the back wall.  
Satisfied that the floor was done, he found the broad lines again – the first was fading now, and he had to respray it to find it – and sprayed up the back wall but to his surprise the lines didn’t continue: the wall was completely black. He shook the spraycan; he was running low. He thought about going back under the desk and seeing whether the lines went any further in that direction, then decided against it and instead to throw the last of the spray against the back wall. He met darkness for about six feet, so that he thought the spraycan was empty, and then about five feet up he saw a faint, faint glow on the wall. He shook the can and gave this area everything he had left, and drew his face in close: he saw the lightest of swirling little lines, running in curves back and forth, in a crazy pattern, like a cloud, like an electric dream. 
He’d seen those dreams before.
They weren’t many things that could make a wall glow bright blue in that crazy, delicate way. But one of them – in fact the only one St Cloud could think of right now – was a cloth.
A cloth that had been used to wipe away a lot of blood.


The spraycan was empty. Carefully avoiding the desk, he crossed the room and found the light switch. He clicked it on, and looked back at the room in surprise. 
He hadn’t been looking at the back wall at all.
Instead it was a door set into the wall, rising above where he had seen the broad stripes on the floor and right in the midst of where he had seen the wipe marks. He picked up the torch and studied it closely. He could just – and only just – see the faintest of red marks here and there: he’d never have guessed it was a cloth-wipe without the luminol. Then he looked down at the carpet directly below. There was a fine little dust settling on the floor where the liquid had solidified. The straight lines were virtually invisible; but if you knew they were there you could begin to see the faintest, wispiest of dark lines. They were a foot apart. He nodded sagely.
They were marks of the heels of feet. And they were in blood.
Somebody had dragged a body through that door, and done a pretty decent job of cleaning the place up afterwards.


St Cloud said casually, ‘What’s the other side of that door?’ 
Goff said, ‘Nothing.’
St Cloud said, ‘People don’t put doors in walls that lead to nothing, Graham. What’s behind it?’
‘That’s just the back wall.’
‘Not a cupboard or a store of some kind?’
‘I told you, we don’t use it.’
‘So it is a cupboard?’
‘Don’t think so. Think it’s just the back wall.’
‘You got a key for it – the door?’
‘No. Mr Khalid might.’
St Cloud said, ‘Graham, Mr Khalid seems to be about as much at home here as a fucking Bedouin tribesman. You’re the man who’s here the whole time, the one who takes the sick phone calls and the quitting phone calls and tries to rape the junior staff. So why should he have the key? Why not you?’
Goff didn’t answer. His eyes were savage, and they sparkled with fright.


He rang Bonnie, and got no answer.
He sat outside ABC Tec for a while, trying to mentally figure out where that little mezzanine-of-horrors was in relation to the railway arches, and where the back door through the little office might lead to, who might have the key to it, and whether it was a cupboard or a room or a door to another world. Then he went and drove to a burger place and bought a cheeseburger and a Red Bull and let these things drip pitifully through his digestive system. Pretty soon he was buzzing and so was a multitude of butterflies making hoopla in his stomach. 
He returned to Mahalgrave Mews and smoked a couple of cigarettes and watched as the drones of ABC Tec started to leave for the evening, clutching bags and newspapers, striding for Hammersmith and the Tube and the slender comforts of Ruislip or Southall. The rest of the street was deserted but for a couple of six year olds kicking a ball around at the very end of the arches. He wondered why they were doing that: maybe their mobiles were broken. A lazy, dusty wind sprang up and blew old copies of the Big Issue along past the shuttered-up doors. He called Bonnie once more and still got nothing, so he sent a text: Working. Back later. X Then he called Solly Martins. No answer there, either. This time he wrote: Martins we need to speak urgently. St Cloud.
He screwed up the burger wrapper and threw it across the car. It landed with a little brushing sound somewhere amongst the debris of the front footwell. Then he lit another cigarette, and ran his hand through his hair, and looked back at the disused railway arches. He was waiting, of course, waiting for something to happen. Nothing did. All that happened was the sun finally fell from the sky and the day became the evening. And nobody called him back. 
One way you could look at it was that the world had turned to quicksand, and that everybody was disappearing into it, one by one. It had started after a drunken day in Broadstairs, when Imogen Bell had vanished, leaving no trace except a hole in Helen’s heart and a couple of forgotten ten pound notes on the side. And roused, this quicksand-beast had developed an appetite, taking Alice Dolores, then Natalie Engleman, then Solly Martins, and now Bonnie, his beautiful Bonnie. People were disappearing quicker than Hollywood waitresses in a teen slasher flick. Of course this was irrational: Bonnie just hadn’t answered a couple of calls; and Solly Martins might be sitting outside a warehouse in Manchester in his rusty old motor, and philosophising in the same way as St Cloud was doing, right here, right now. And Alice – well, Alice went down holes in the ground and had adventures. He should expect nothing less of her.
He wanted to call Bonnie, to talk to her, to tell her about luminol reacting to the bloodstains on the wall and on the floor, and what it might mean. He wanted to hear her voice, even if it was just one of her disinterested replies, one of her ‘Oh really’ answers that didn’t say anything, but didn’t say nothing, either. He picked up his phone and let his thumb walk around it: pretty soon the screen said Bonnie call me urgently X even though there was no reason for her to call at all, let alone urgently, and he wouldn’t have the first idea what to say to her when she did. He was about to clear the message, but he stopped. Some messages were inevitable; this was one of those. He sent it. Immediately he wished he hadn’t.
He was spooked. Not because of any blood stains or drag marks or any of that, no. It was the approximation of everything else, of all those minor-key grace notes that had flitted through these measures like cold-hearted jackdaws across a white sky. Alice’s phone was one of them, left behind in a little tomb when it shouldn’t have been. Was it a tomb or was it a shrine? That was a question to ask. He hadn’t had much luck with all the other questions. After the phone came those index books, those pointless, flat index books. They were the stuff of nightmares. And those letters, lying on a desk, stamped and addressed and signally unposted. He found the envelopes especially unnerving. He had reached out a hand to them, passed his fingers across them, much like Helen Lees had done to that wooden counter in her shop, much like he had done to Helen Lees. Of course it wasn’t just phones and letters that could unnerve you; people could do that, people and the soft warmth of their arms and the delicacy of their wrists, held hard by a big, heavy hand. Sometimes all you could do for a soul was to reach out to it, and bind it together with yours for a moment, and that was enough. Only sometimes there were other things in the way, like weeping and bruises and grizzly bears.
The butterflies made hoopla still. And the stifling heat of the evening was making him crazy.
He should have known all along that he would find the blood: if not there on the carpet of that little office then somewhere else. He realised that that was precisely what he had been waiting for: someone to tap him on the shoulder and say, ‘Oh, but of course, it’s murder.’ What had Bonnie said? That everybody he had ever looked for ended up murdered, and so he expected it. And now that it was murder, he ought to feel better about it, feel like he was sliding into comfortable clothes. But he didn’t feel like that. He felt melancholy and tired, with a bruised lip and an aching head. He wondered what he should do next, apart from wait for Solly Martins to turn up or Bonnie to call him back. He was so far off the programme he’d forgotten where the hell he was up to. Maybe he should call the cops; the really good ones would understand about the luminescence - if he got a chance to explain it properly. He could say a lot of arch things about how Goff had got tired of foreplay and decided to go in for necrophilia. He could say a lot of tough things about Alice taking side orders from a grizzly bear and how one should be advised to handle a bruised and frightened wife. Yes, he could call the cops and they could jaw all night. But there were a lot of reasons why he didn’t want to. They included Baker and Owens and those badges pushed in his face in Cadiz Street. They included Mrs Jermyn Lloyd’s family secrets, whatever they might be. And they included Helen Lees. Everything included Helen Lees, now.
He looked at his phone once more. Nothing. 
He remembered something Khalid had said today. “She was very good, yes, perfect”. Perfect. It was an odd word for him to use about a girl who had turned up one week, thrown a sickie the next, and then quit before she started the third. And yet he had said exactly that, perfect. He thought a little more about that. Yes, wasn’t she always thus, his Alice? Perfect. Helen Lees had said, “She was so lovely. Just lovely. Perfect.” There it was again. And Helen Lees didn’t demand perfection or judge one poorly; he at least could stand up for that. Yet she had seen fit to say that, too. “Just lovely”. “Perfect”. Alice Dolores certainly ticked all the boxes. And something else – yes, Miss Keppel – “she seemed absolutely right to us”.
The answer suddenly occurred to him.
It was obvious:
Alice didn’t exist.
He put the key in the ignition, and left it there, unturned. Yes, of course. Nobody could be that perfect. Nobody could walk into three such disparate people’s lives and be “absolutely right” for all of them, be the person that they were looking for, just like that. Nobody would be able to drink with Helen Lees and make friends with all her friends, without bringing anyone of her own, and yet knit herself into a party with such strong, invisible twine. And that was only the half of it. No girl of Alice’s type would be able to satisfy the Keppel and the old woman that she was interested enough in that boring family history to sit at it for hours on end and write long looping entries in that index book, and sleep in a little prison cell, and not scream or throw themselves down that ornate little lift shaft. And certainly nobody would be able to make Khalid think of her as the perfect accounts girl, one who would be happy in a dusty railway arch getting perved over by Graham Goff and his museum of spunk stains.
No. She wasn’t real. She couldn’t be.
She was their invention: the sum of their aspirations. She was the thing that Helen Lees craved most on that dull morning at work in Love Blooms, a kooky little friend to adopt and thus she had appeared like magic with her auburn hair and her warm personality, telling tales of drunkenness and cruelty. And just as mystical was the appearance of the peroxide blonde to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd – he never had believed that there was an advertisement, or that she had answered it – and of the straight-haired brunette to Khalid in a telephone call from a scratched Samsung in the box-room at Dante Gardens. He wondered now whether ABC Tec had actually advertised the position, or whether she had cold-called them. She had cold-called the others. Any which way she did it, she had a beautiful knack of appearing just when they all needed it – like Mother Mary when the night was cloudy, like the genie in the lamp when Aladdin was in a fix, or the Virgin to the people of Medugorje when the town needed a million dollar tourist industry.
He turned the key. The engine spluttered into life.
He drove off through the darkening city. Nobody called him. Nobody wrote him any text messages. Not Solly Martins, who might have wanted to know the ins and outs of ABC Tec, not Helen Lees, who might have wanted to say “Hey” or something like it, not Bonnie – who he had wanted to call back urgently for no reason under the sun. He looked out at the Brompton Road, grimy sash windows perilously wedged half open above long shady runs of shop parades, steel and glass flecked gold and yellow in the last reflections of the sunset. He took the Exhibition Road with its stone love letters to Queen Victoria and did the back doubles of Hans Place, watching the shop workers flood out of Harrods, legs weary from propping up tills, minds weary from propping up fantasies, hearts tired of tasteless opulence. He threaded through Beauchamp Place and back towards Belgravia and Eaton Square, past the church Mrs Burdett-Coutts built high enough to see from her St James’s windows, and into the thick reeds of Westminster, Erasmus Street and Herrick Street, the cold brick heart of town. He crossed the river at Vauxhall; the tide was low and the grit-grey shoreline stretched out into the water, empty of dead drunks and happy-slap victims; all he saw in the darkening twilight were little wading birds and lager cans and the usual detritus. He headed back past the gardens and the war museum and to the Elephant. By the time he pulled into Cadiz Street it was fully dark, and there was a light breeze, the first of the day. He locked the car and wandered out. From somewhere far away someone yelled; a couple of cars honked their horns. He headed into the darkness of the alleyway.
When he got to his front door the light buzzed a little, flickered on, and then went off again. He went to put his key in the slot, and stopped.
The door was ajar.
He said softly, ‘Bonnie?’ and pushed it with a finger.
No sound came.
The little house was in darkness and all ahead was impenetrable. That little wind came again and slew a finger along the back of his neck. He felt the edge of the door; there didn’t seem to be any damage. He looked back into the blackness ahead, wondering if he should go back to the car and get the torch, or whether he should try and use the display on his phone to light the way. Neither of those things seemed very brave things to do, not in his own home. So he gave them up and took a step into the darkness.
He said again, ‘Bonnie?’
No answer.
He took two, three steps into the hallway. Through the gloom he could see that the door to the living room was open. He reached it and listened. From somewhere at the far end of the room he could hear a rhythmic sound.
Somebody breathing.
He edged forwards. All he saw was the outline of the furniture, and all this seemed to be in its usual place. He stretched a hand out to the wall and his hands felt for the light switch. Before he got to it, he heard a sudden movement, and a click.
Light from the table lamp at the far end flooded the room.
She was sat in the chair on the far side, legs crossed, looking magnificently neutral. She said, ‘Hello, Michael.’
He said, ‘Oh. It’s you.’


She was dressed in smart clothes, her face made up, her pale blue eyes piercing his. On her lap was a small leather bag. She said, ‘You don’t sound surprised to see me.’
He said, ‘I am, a little.’
‘Only a little?’
‘I did wonder whether you mightn’t turn up, larger than life.’
‘I don’t know what would give you that idea.’
‘Actually it was two goons. One’s called Baker and the other’s called Owens. Know them?’
She shook her head.
‘That’s funny. They mentioned you.’ He said wearily, ‘Yesterday afternoon just a short way away from here they put me in a car and gave me a lot of heavy shit. They had some nice authentic-looking badges and they tried to use them to force me to tell them what I might or might not know about the life and times of one Alice Dolores of no fixed abode. But I’m guessing you know as much about that as I do, since you’re here – and a damn lot more.’
She just said, ‘Go on.’
He said, ‘And after that I remembered something a nice girl called Helen Lees told me about two men coming around asking questions of her and her husband and searching a flat for the same said Alice Dolores of no fixed abode, who had lately been their lodger – well, the girl’s lodger and the husband’s muff-diving buddy, from what I can make out. Mrs Lees didn’t exactly say these two men looked like goons but I’m a trained observer and from the subtleties of her description I identified Messrs Baker and Owens. And when I wondered who might engage two police officers – yes, they called themselves police officers – to go snooping around a flat in Swiss Cottage looking for a lost lodger cum muff-diving buddy, and who might also engage them to try and bully things out of me when they knew I’d been looking for her as well. There weren’t many people I could think of who’d do such a thing. Except you, of course.’
The Assistant Commissioner got up from the chair, crossed to the window, and looked out at the lamplit reaches of Cadiz Street. Then she turned back and said, ‘I don’t know why you want to live here. Really I don’t.’
He dropped into the nearest armchair, and said, ‘Verve.’
‘What?’
‘Vim. Vigour. Local colour. Call it what you will.’
She didn’t look impressed, so he said:
‘And I have great faith in the local police and their ability to bring down the crime rate in this troubled borough.’
She said, ‘Michael, I have spent enough of my life listening to you. I don’t intend this interview to take long. I have another engagement this evening.’
He nodded. ‘Give the Mayor my regards. Tell him it was a cracking performance on last night’s panel show.’
She said sternly: ‘If you had been more forthcoming with my officers yesterday there wouldn’t be any need for this interview to take place at all.’
He replied, ‘If they hadn’t threatened and assaulted me, I might have been more forthcoming.’
She said, ‘I’m not here to squabble.’
‘Nice to know you take the complaints of the public seriously.’
‘Michael, don’t waste my time.’
‘I’m not sure it’s your prerogative to say that. Not after you’ve forced my door open and burgled my house.’
‘Nobody forced anything. The door was already open.’
He stood and looked behind him in a momentary panic. Bonnie. She must have left it open. Where the hell was she? He reached for his phone, and let it tumble out of his pocket. He bent and picked it up. There was nothing, nothing at all. He looked across at the AC accusingly; but all he got back was a blank look, a look that had faced down the best efforts of campaigning lawyers, public inquiries and media moguls. He threw the phone on to the table and stood there like a gunfighter with no more rounds in the chamber. She walked away from the window, crossed the room and sat back down in the chair. She was small and light on her feet: this was a room used to big, clumsy motions, long limbs, drunken fights, boots kicked off, and the tiny movements of the AC hardly registered at all. When she got there she settled back into a studied pose and placed her hands on her lap. She remarked easily, ‘It should be obvious why I had to come here. To get the answers you failed to supply to my officers yesterday afternoon.’

‘About Alice Dolores?’
The AC blinked. ‘Yes.’
St Cloud said, ‘That isn’t her name, of course. Is it? Is it Imogen Bell? Or is it something entirely different? Tell me, did you help her choose them?’
‘Michael – ’
‘How did you do it, out of the Baby Names for Girls?’
‘Really – ’
‘I hear that’s how the pimps and the porn producers do it.’
She snapped, ‘Enough.’ Her eyes burned for a moment and then she said, ‘You don’t know enough to start being offensive.’
He dropped back into the chair. ‘I can guess. At least, I can guess some of it.’
She looked back, lips pursed. Those damned lips were always pursed. He had always thought of her as a little bird, small and serene, those lips looking like they had some kind of song in them. But that was only half of it. She was a tough little package, a bird with jaws of stone and feathers of tungsten. Now she looked at him, pale and unmoving, her eyes unsmiling, that little hook nose casting a shadow across her face in the lamplight.
He said, ‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd never placed any advertisement, did she? And all that work Alice did – can I call her Alice please, that’s how I know her best – all those entries in those index books – well, they weren’t necessary. They were just a wild goose chase. That stuff doesn’t need archiving. It needs taking to a boot fair and flogging.’
The AC said testily, ‘You are wrong, of course. I can assure you Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s collection is extremely valuable.’
‘If you need to start a fire and you’re short of tinder.’
‘You are a philistine, of course.’ She put a hand out and rested it on the arm of the chair. The hand was white and tough, like a knuckle of pork. ‘I would prefer to get this over with as simply as possible.’
‘Then let’s have a proper conversation. Tell me what is going on, and you might get something in return.’
She looked back at him for a moment.
‘What exactly would you have me tell you?’
He said breezily, ‘For a start, the Jermyn-Lloyd party. Yesterday afternoon I had the misfortune to spend the afternoon there with a lot of sozzled old buffers talking horseshit. They called it Afternoon Tea. You must try it sometime. Oh but of course, I’m guessing you probably have. I should have realised that you might be behind this puppet show, when they started with a party political about the police widows and orphans and all the charities Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd works so tirelessly for. That’s how you know them, isn’t it – her and that awful Keppel woman.’
The AC gave a short little nod.
He said, ‘It was you got Alice that job. It wasn’t even a job, was it? You put her in with your old pals and made that poor girl spend her days write out endless bullshit in big flat books so you could keep her locked away in a little room with no mobile phone and no friends and no parties to go to. That’s odd, of course, criminal even, but I’m sure there’s a logical reason for it. Maybe you wanted to keep an eye on her. Maybe you wanted to keep her safe. Maybe you wanted to throw her in jail without going through the courts.’
 She said briskly, ‘I had an interest.’
‘Of course. And not a healthy one.’
‘A necessary one.’
‘I presume from the smoke and mirrors that it’s all completely underhand. I’ll bet even the Commissioner and the Mayor don’t know a thing about it. It’s not recorded in the minutes of any meeting, I take it. That’s another hallmark of yours: the secrecy. The secrecy and the mess. For no doubt this is a mess, and that you’re the person they’ve asked to clear it up. Alice Dolores goes walkabout and you need to urgently find her and bring her home. Miss Keppel can’t possibly report her missing to the local police station or there’d be a lot of awkward questions that none of you would wish to answer. So you get them to call for me.’ He nodded in realisation. ‘I remember now. A “mutual acquaintance”, Miss Keppel called you. Well, she wasn’t wrong. Only if I’d known who the “mutual acquaintance” was, I’d have told the two of them to go fuck themselves with one of their brass candlesticks.’
The AC paused, and then said, ‘You can be very vulgar, Michael.’
‘And you can be obtuse and controlling.’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd and Miss Keppel are decent-hearted people who support the MPS. They are also prepared to support me personally. I don’t wish to hear their good name besmirched.’
‘Bully for them. Let’s hope they don’t find themselves in difficulty and relying on you for support. They might find that you hang them out to dry.’
‘Come. That isn’t what happened to you, Michael.’
‘No? Do you think you gave me unwavering support?’
‘I did more for you than I expect you to know.’
‘You got me sacked.’
‘You were required to resign.’
‘Same thing.’
‘It isn’t. And I was not the source of your difficulty.’
‘No. But you got rid of me all the same.’ He stood up. ‘This is a bit of a flaming cheek, isn’t it? Your Alice goes missing and so you panic and call for me. I know why you did that so let’s not have any bullshit. It wasn’t because of loyalty, or charity, but because you wanted her found – and you thought I might be able to manage it. Well, if you thought I was such a star you should have looked after me better.’
She said, ‘Oh, you got looked after.’
‘Because my feet touched the ground?’
‘Amongst other things. I lost a lot of personal investment when you did what you did.’
‘I lost a lot more than that.’
‘That was just.’
He gaped. ‘Just?’
‘Yes.’
‘God, that’s a really awful thing to say.’
‘I don’t know what else you expected.’
‘Something human.’
‘Human? A man died. His relatives would agree with me – they do agree with me, in fact.’
They stared at each other across the room. He thought about bounding across it and turning her out of the chair and out on to the street. It was tempting; but he gave it up. You couldn’t rip it up with some people; you just had to accept it, deal with it. He said, ‘Enough of old times. You want to find out about Alice. Let’s get tough, and do deals. First you can tell me a little. I’m a bit thick, you see and I don’t understand a lot of this.’
‘No?’ She was amused.
He bit his lip.
‘Mostly I don’t understand Alice Dolores. What made that girl so damned important that you had to go to the trouble of finding her a phoney job and putting her in your phoney friends’ flat and keeping so close an eye on her. What is she to you?’
The AC said, ‘She’s important.’
‘How important?’
‘Extremely important.’
He furrowed his brow. ‘No, I mean “how important” as in what kind of important.’
She said, ‘I don’t see why you need to know that. It would be far simpler for you to update me with the information I am looking for.’
He shook his head. ‘Sorry. You tell me mine first, then I’ll tell you yours’
She sighed, and said, ‘If we must do deals,’ like she knew she was going to have to say it, sometime. She got up from the chair and stood. Then she turned back to the window and looked out at Cadiz Street. Again he wondered desperately where Bonnie was, why she hadn’t phoned; it pulled at his stomach. 
The AC said testily, ‘What I am about to tell you, Michael, is not just confidential. It is secret. You and I have dealt on this basis before. I’m sure you remember.’
‘That’s when you were paying me.’
‘I still am, you foolish man.’
He thought of the Keppel’s cheque, and flushed.
She turned to him and said: ‘I know you can be discreet. I had hoped my officers might get information from you without this. But I see now you are impossible to deal with rationally or in any straightforward fashion. I also realise you can’t be fooled. But you can be persuaded.’
‘You don’t really – ’
‘Don’t think you can’t. What I liked about you, Michael, is that you were bright but more than that – you were aggressive, a bully. Well, you listen to me. You can bully small-fry but you are nothing to me. I can eat you up and spit you out. Do you understand?’
‘I – ’
‘And if you breathe a word of this to anyone I am going to finish you, little man.’
He stood his ground. ‘You already did.’
She spat, ‘Don’t be ridiculous.’
‘I don’t know – ’
‘You have a lot, lot further to fall.’
‘Then it’s threats, is it?’
‘If it has to be.’	
His eyes burned. He said, ‘If you call me “little man” again I will throw you from the top of that tower block over the road.’ He sniffed. ‘Just tell me what you have to tell me.’
She looked back out of the window. ‘If you insist I will call her Alice. But she isn’t really called that and I have no intention of telling you her name. Over last winter she worked as a shop assistant in Sutton Gardens, not far from Hyde Park.’
A shop in Bayswater: Helen had mentioned it.
‘There was an incident in that shop.’ 
And somebody else had mentioned it, too – Queensway, Hyde Park, the bottom end of DP – Todd and Lisbeth, maybe. He had a sudden realisation.
He said, ‘Good heavens, it’s this Blake Hollis business, isn’t it?’
She nodded.
He let this sink in, and said to himself, ‘So it is murder, after all.’
She looked up sharply. ‘What makes you say that?’
‘Nothing.’ It had been a simple thought, a hollow tap on the shoulder, an internal dialogue. 
She said, ‘Police Constables Hollis and Victor Onoeba were on foot passing along the north end of the park near Lancaster Gate tube station. They were called by radio to a report of a burglary off Lancaster Place so they headed north. When they reached the corner of Sutton Gardens they saw a light on in the shop. The shutters weren’t down. The place was lit. It looked like the shop was trading normally.
‘Most of what happened next we got from Onoeba afterwards, in hospital. He and Hollis didn’t particularly think anything of the light on or the shutters up. But through the window Onoeba saw the shape of a man reaching across the counter from the customer side. At first he thought the man was ill, collapsed. After a minute he realised he was reaching across and into the till to remove money from inside. He yelled to Hollis, who was just behind him, and they approached the shop. Onoeba thought that the shop was still open and that the till was being searched by some kind of shoplifter. But in fact the shop closed at six, and these weren’t any kind of shoplifters. Onoeba is patchy on the next part. He says that Hollis went first into the shop, and Onoeba hung back to make the call to the IBO. He said “theft in progress”. By this stage Hollis was almost at the door. He remembers Hollis turn around and shout back “No. It isn’t – ”. Just that. “It isn’t”.’
St Cloud said, ‘It isn’t open, or it isn’t a shoplifting, or it isn’t what it looks like, or it isn’t worth getting shot for, or it isn’t the career some bitch with a crown on her shoulder told me it would be at Hendon?’
She said sourly, ‘Your guess is as good as mine. The next moment Hollis was in the shop and Onoeba heard two shots in rapid succession. Onoeba ran into the shop. Hollis was on the floor. He was already dead. Onoeba saw a man spread across the counter, his face turned away, looking back at the rest of the shop. This man wasn’t wearing a mask, or a hat, or anything. Standing in front of the counter was another man. This second man was wearing a mask. He had a Mach 10. He shot Onoeba. One bullet hit him in the knee, one in the hip, and one in the shoulder. The rest of them shattered the glass behind him. Onoeba collapsed in a sitting position against the shop window. The offenders decamped. It is not known whether they made off on foot or used a vehicle.’
‘Empty handed?’
‘Not quite. The majority of the money remained in the till. We suspect one of them grabbed a handful of notes as they ran out. When Talamnaabi – that’s the shopkeeper – counted up afterwards he found the takings were £45 down.’
‘Nothing traceable?’
‘No. We only know a little of what happened next. Onoeba just about managed to open his eyes. And he saw, in the far corner, that he wasn’t on his own. There was somebody else in the shop. She came out from behind the counter and stood there, looking at him. Then he closed his eyes and woke up in hospital. He is lucky to be alive. The full extent of his injuries has never been made public. He will not walk again. He may struggle to talk properly. He will be brain damaged, slightly – he will slur his speech.’
St Cloud said, ‘The girl cowering in the corner. Was she there when the cavalry arrived?’
The AC shook her head. ‘We only found out about her when Onoeba woke up and his memory started to come back. That was six days later. It was only then we went looking for the girl. She never went back to work.’
‘I’d have guessed as much.’
‘Talamnaabi wasn’t very forthcoming. But we found her in the end.’
St Cloud chewed this over. ‘Imogen Bell, as she was known.’
The AC nodded. ‘Onoeba never saw any faces. Just the back of one man’s head and the mask of the other. But the girl was a different matter. She must have been in the shop the whole time – when they entered as well as when the incident took place. She must have seen everything.’
‘A seductive thought. But not necessarily anything useful, though.’
‘I’ll come to that. You can see that we had to find her. We did everything we could.’
He remembered Helen Lees telling him about people coming to look for her, men turning over bedrooms, hanging on street corners. He also could imagine the panic in the organisation, the determination of the police service to find the killers, the desperation of the senior officers. He said, ‘You found her, though?’ 
She said, ‘In the end.’
‘How?’
‘I don’t need to tell you that.’
St Cloud nodded. Something at least was explained: the midnight flit after a drunken day at Broadstairs. It hadn’t been Antrobus’s monotone, or Robert Lees getting punchy with her, it had been the long arm of the law – and maybe something worse. He remembered Helen telling him about going to the shop and the shopkeeper not being very helpful – yes, and some talk of an incident. He wondered if it would make her feel better to know that Alice had run because she had needed to, not because she had wanted to. He wanted to make Helen Lees feel better.
He said, ‘And? When you found her, what did you discover?’
The AC looked to the floor, then muttered, ‘Nothing.’
‘Nothing?’
‘That’s what she told us. Nothing.’
‘She said she wasn’t there?’
‘No. She said she was there all right. That was very strange, for a start. The shop was meant to have closed at six. Talamnaabi said she had left then along with all the other employees. We think he must have been mistaken. She wouldn’t say how she came to be there. She wouldn’t say anything else, either. Not about the men, or the robbery, or the shooting. She wouldn’t say whether she was threatened with a gun, or anything. She just said she hadn’t noticed what was going on. She was in the shop, working – according to her account – although she didn’t even say that, not really. It was the most bizarre situation. She merely said she was there and didn’t notice anything. And yet a man was killed – a police officer – and another was shot, and it made headlines across the nation. Yet apparently this girl does not recall it.’
‘Accomplice? The inside man/ woman?’
‘It was looked into. Not least because the cash till was a good unit with some added security features – it is unclear how the offenders managed to get it open without knowing the codes. Everything else, however, suggested otherwise. Two suspects were quickly identified from intelligence. These are a couple of crack-addled youngsters. There had been two similar robberies in the area over the previous weeks. Nothing about those offences, or about any intelligence relating to the suspects, suggested anything as sophisticated as an inside job.’
‘You said earlier “I’ll come to that”. What are you to come to?’
‘There is some CCTV.’
‘Oh. Is she on it?’
‘We had to enhance it – it was poor quality. One cannot see, for example, anything as detailed as how the men managed to open the till. The unmasked man is turned away from the camera. Indeed, he appears to understand that the camera is there, and be reacting accordingly. This man is seen to reach across the counter. The CCTV shows the police officers entering. It shows Hollis coming in and getting shot with the Mach 10.’ She paused. ‘I showed it to Hollis’s father. He gave a cry, a cry of anguish. It was one of the most painful things I have ever heard. Poor, poor man.’
‘And her? Is she on it?’
‘There are three cameras. Only one points at the area behind the counter. On one frame you can see the man reaching across the counter to empty the till. There is also a figure in the top right hand corner of the screen. We had it enhanced every which way. It is still extremely faint. However, there in the corner of the screen – there she is. The girl. She appears to be looking straight at him. She couldn’t have missed him.’
‘Like I say, an accomplice?’
‘It is hard to see clearly, but it doesn’t look like very much like that on the CCTV. There does not appear to be any communication between them. If anything it is possible they did not notice her. Nothing suggests that she might be an accomplice – nothing except her silence.’
‘Okay. What do you think, then?’
The AC took a step away from the window. ‘You can imagine the interest in her. We only discovered a week later from Onoeba’s account that she was there at the time of the incident. The enhanced CCTV image came some weeks after that. In the meantime local intelligence gave us two names. Those are the two we have charged. To be honest, Michael, the evidence against both is extremely thin. I do not however doubt its veracity. This is information from the doorsteps, from informants. The community voice is clear and consistent.’
‘Pity the witness box isn’t big enough for a whole community to get into.’
‘Indeed.’
‘Any real evidence, other than hearsay?’
‘Some. Not much. Phone traffic at the right times, around the other two robberies. One possibly caught on CCTV earlier in the evening of one of the previous incidents. And a history of violence and robbery.’
‘None of which tells us why Alice wouldn’t bubble them up, or at least tell you what she saw, even if she didn’t know who they were.’
‘No.’
‘Maybe she had a reason. Like she actually did know who they were, even if she wasn’t part of the gang.’
‘We considered it. One of these men had once lived on an estate a few streets from where the girl lived in Swiss Cottage. We had a theory for a while that she might have recognised him from the neighbourhood, and been too scared to identify him. But that didn’t come to anything. Enquiries showed the man had left the area before she moved in. Then we wondered if there was something wrong with her. Medically wrong, that is. We had her seen by a psychiatrist. We considered some kind of autism – inability to perceive the world around her, to pull herself away from the task in hand. One doctor thought there was a condition there, a kind of psychosis. Another thought she was normal. We gave her counselling. A lot of what she came out with when they talked to her we suspected was not the truth – she would talk about parents, and siblings, and sometimes she would contradict herself. We are far from sure that these people exist or ever existed at all. It is very difficult to believe her, at times. We spent hours with her. We even attached a detective to befriend her, as a full-time job. That came to nothing, too.’
He said, ‘You put her through the works,’ and then added without thinking, ‘“Murder puts you under a hot, bright light”.’
The AC said, puzzled, ‘Is that from one of your Hitchcock films?’
He shook his head. ‘Jules Dassin. The Naked City.’
‘Oh.’ She didn’t know it.
He asked: ‘Why did you send her to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd, then? This dumb witness of yours.’
‘You must realise, of course. To protect her.’
‘To protect you, you mean.’
‘Absolutely not. To protect her. And to keep her somewhere that I could control for her. I had hoped that she might yet be brought round – might yet give a statement. Perhaps even go on an identification parade.’
St Cloud sat back in the chair and gave a low laugh.
She said, ‘I don’t that see that it’s funny.’
He laughed some more. A line crossed her brow. He said: ‘Boy, I thought I had all the bad luck. The murder of the decade, and your eyewitness turns out to be Ruby Tuesday, Billy Liar, and the girl with kaleidoscope eyes, all rolled into one. You’re sunk. From what I can see, that girl isn’t just mixed up, she’s on another planet. Well, I hope you’re not looking for any help from this direction.’
The line got deeper and broader.
He continued: ‘You can put your identification parades on indefinite hold. Since your friends in Dante Gardens set me the conundrum of trying to find her, all I’ve turned up is that she likes to change her name and her hair and her looks and that if you say goodnight to her you’d better ask for a forwarding address.’
The AC said testily, ‘That’s not good enough. I need to find her, Michael. Do you understand?’
‘Like I said, forget it.’
‘That isn’t an option. And besides – ’ she hesitated.
‘Besides?’
‘You have found her – haven’t you?’
He remarked, ‘Funny. That’s what brings you here, of course. Within an hour of me telling Miss Keppel that I might have found her, I had Baker and Owens breathing down my neck. You were too quick, I’m afraid. Shot your bolt too early. You should have given me a little more time.’
‘Yes, yes – ’
‘I lost her.’
The AC’s eyes narrowed. ‘What?’
‘I looked for her, I found her, and then I lost her.’
‘Completely?’
‘And utterly.’
The AC drummed her fingers on the side of the chair and said, ‘But where did you find her?’
‘Working at a rough little place for a dubious piece of work called Khalid. The spaceship is heading into administration in one big phoney supernova, and Khalid is Captain Kirk. That’s not the reason she’s disappeared though – that’s a lot more prosaic. One of Khalid’s least handsome employees asked our Alice to try out for the works band by showing him some chords on the invisible guitar. Hey presto, abracadabra, she fucks off faster than an blind knife-thrower’s assistant.’
The AC’s eyes flashed. 
‘Where is she now?’
‘Your guess is as good as mine. Oh, I can give you her address – 123C Granville Street W9. I can also save you the trouble of putting it into your sat-nav. There’s no such place, because there’s no such girl. Until yesterday she was calling herself Natalie Engleman and sporting long straight brown hair. She looks a bit of a fox like that, at least that’s what they tell me. Today she might be wearing plaid. And she might be called Lulu and shaking her brush at Spearmint Rhino, for all anybody knows.’
She said, ‘This place she worked. What was the name?’
‘ABC Technologies. It’s a shithole.’
The AC ignored this. ‘And the circumstances of her leaving. Are you sure of them? That they are unconnected with these events?’
‘As far as I can be.’
‘There’s nothing you’re keeping back?’
He thought wildly for a moment about yelling, “she was raped and murdered and dragged out of the back door covered in blood”, and then stopped himself. Instead he gabbled: ‘This girl is slippery, slippery as a wraith’s dick. Who knows what happened to her. She’s like a hobo. Always travelling. Always looking for somewhere with a better view. For this girl the grass isn’t just greener, it’s Al Gore on a bicycle.’
She said nothing to this, just stared ahead of her into space. A minute passed. That silence worried him; it was a familiar silence, the kind she adopted when she knew he was holding out on her. To end it he said, ‘So we’re back in the middle of nowhere. Both of us. I can resign my commission from Miss Keppel, and you can kiss goodbye to your witness. And we can return to our respective holes in the ground.’
The AC said quickly, ‘No. I want you to keep on looking for her.’
He said, ‘You’re not my boss. Not any more.’
‘Even so. I want you to continue.’
‘I have better things to do. Like getting drunk and forgetting all this.’
She said sadly, ‘You’re a poor fool, Michael.’
He snarled, ‘You don’t get to say that. In fact, you don’t get to say any of this. I stopped working for you a long time ago. I messed up and it’s finished with, so you can leave me alone – now.’
‘It was more than a mess, Michael. And you didn’t come off badly.’
‘I beg you pardon?’
‘Let me remind you of something. A man was killed. A good man.’
He cried, ‘You think I can ever forget that?’
‘I don’t think you care about it.’
‘What?’
‘I don’t think you have room in your arrogant, bloated head to think that long or hard about anybody else at all.’
The room swam before him. He balled his fists. He wanted her out, out of the room, out of his house. He yelled, ‘I’m getting lectured on humanity by you? You who would imprison - ’
She snapped: ‘Calm down.’
Something on the floor caught his eye. His phone. He bent down and picked it up. There was nothing, no messages from Bonnie, none from Helen Lees, none from Solly Martins. Everything had stopped. He let his hand tighten around it; the square corners bit into the palm of his hand. With an effort he stopped himself and pushed the thing back into his pocket. 
The AC gathered her bag, and walked past him. When she got to the door she said, ‘Let me know when you find her,’ and went out of the door and into Cadiz Street.
He yelled, ‘Fuck you.’
But it was late, too late.


Bonnie came home at three.  She crept into the bedroom. 
He said, ‘Where have you been? I tried calling all day.’
She said, ‘Sorry. Out with Tam, and then back at her’s. My battery died.’
‘Oh.’
She started to undress.
He said, ‘You left the front door open.’
She said plainly, ‘Did I?’
He said, ‘We could have been burgled.’
She said, ‘Were we?’
He said, ‘No.’
She got into bed. She was cool. But the night was hot, hotter than ever.


He woke at eight, and saw crazy patterns on the ceiling, so he blinked for a while until they melted into the dry, icy white. Then he put his hand up to his face and scrabbled yellow rocks out of his eyes; they scraped his skin so hard he thought he would bleed. His fingers drifted across his face and found the tender bruise where Baker had whacked him a couple of days ago. After this he tried for a while to sleep but he was too awake. Bonnie lay on her side, head turned away from him, just a thin and beautiful shoulder above the sheet like a little iceberg. He slid out of the bed. She didn’t stir.
He showered, ate toast and smoked a couple of cigarettes, sitting in the chair that the AC had sat in twelve hours before. He thought about their conversation; and in particular all the things he should have said more elegantly, or more skilfully, or just plain louder and nastier. After a lot of this, his phone rang: Handsome Devil. He took the call. 
It was Helen Lees.
‘Hi,’ he said.
‘Hi.’
‘You okay? After yesterday, and everything?’
‘Yes.’
‘Good.’
But there was something in the voice; the silence stretched away, beyond that natural beat when the next words should come, when the exchange could meld and twist and become a conversation. Hurriedly – as if to grab this moment like a butterfly in a cupped hand – he said, ‘Helen, are you there? Are you okay?’
She said, in a distant voice, ‘At John’s gallery on Saturday night, did you say anything to Robert?’
‘Well – ’
‘Did you?’
‘Well, we had a conversation.’
‘Yes, but did you say anything? I know he was really drunk, and – ’
St Cloud said, alarmed, ‘Helen, has he hurt you?’
‘No.’
‘I saw that bruise.’
‘No, that wasn’t – no, look he hasn’t hurt me. It’s just that – ’
‘What?’
‘It’s just that he’s acting a bit odd. Since then, since Saturday night.’
‘Do you think he knows about – ’ he was about to say “us” but it would have sounded stupid, pretentious, like Kinnock measuring up for curtains at Downing Street; and more, it would have sunk it all, put suet in the soufflé. Instead he said ‘– about yesterday?’
‘Oh God, no. Definitely no.’
‘Then what?’
‘He’s just not himself.’
No, that was all wrong: the crackle of the distant phone, the tone of the voice, the unvarnished pause that followed it – long and absolute, like a sound engineer would get out of a high-threshold gate. He said worriedly, ‘Helen, has he threatened you?’
She cried, ‘No no, you don’t understand.’
‘But has he – ’
‘Did you say something to him?’
St Cloud thought for a moment, then said prettily, ‘We spoke a little about Alice. Imogen, I mean.’
‘Oh.’
There was a vacuum, a void; the air escaped from both of them.
Then she asked, ‘What about her?’
‘I just asked him about her, about how well he knew her.’ He could say, “About how they were fucking each other, just like we are” but that wasn’t going to get the train to the station. So he bit his lip, and said, ‘Yes. Yes, just that.’ 
She said, ‘Oh,’ like that was a pure dead end. 
He said hurriedly, ‘You sound a little strange. Do you want me to talk to Robert?’
‘No.’ There was another full stop, and then she ventured, ‘Maybe you’d better not speak to him again.’
He said gently, ‘Okay.’
‘It seems to have upset him. He’s not himself. In fact maybe you’d better not come and see either of us for a few days.’
His heart sank. ‘Is that what you want?’
‘Maybe that’d be best.’
The voice was cold and strained.
He said, ‘Helen, about yesterday – ’
‘I ought to go. ‘
‘Helen – ’
‘Robert will be up soon.’
‘Okay then.’
He sat back in the same old armchair and smoked another cigarette and wondered about a lot of things. Chief of them was why, amongst all the visceral tangling of yesterday, and all today’s frightened chatter, Helen Lees hadn’t stopped for even one moment to ask him the obvious question: whether he had found Alice; and if not, why not.


He’d lost Solly Martins’s card some time last Friday afternoon after they sat opposite each other in the dingy café, wisecracking over plastic tables; but he recalled the complicated crest, and the name of the company: “International Enquiries Ltd”. That struck him as being enough. So he wandered up through the simmering yellow morning to the cool cavern of the Elephant. He found a spare bucket seat in the internet café and Googled hard. After a lot of corporate bullshit he got the blandest web page in the world, black and white and Times New Roman, but at least it had a phone number; so he called it and asked to speak to the Corporate and Financial Division, if they really had such a thing.
‘Who you after?’ came the question.
‘Mr Solomon Martins. One of your private enquiry agents.’
The voice at the other end of the line said, ‘Mr Martins is away from the office right now. Can anyone else help you?’
St Cloud said, ‘I hope so. Mr Martins left me a message on Saturday. I’ve been trying to get hold of him for the last two days and getting nowhere. He hasn’t returned any of my calls.’
‘Your name?’
‘St Cloud. Michael St Cloud.’
‘Would you like to leave Mr Martins a message?’
‘I told you, I’ve done that. Maybe you can put me in touch with him, some other way?’
‘Mr Martins is away from the office, like I say. You’d be best to leave a message here and I’ll get him to call you back. Does he have your number?’
St Cloud tried not to get too irritated. ‘Look, he sent me a text on Saturday and it was urgent and I’m trying to return it. But he doesn’t pick up or return any of my messages. Is there someone there who knows a little about what he’s working on?’
‘We don’t really like to – ’
‘Okay, look. Cards on the table. I know he’s doing surveillance on ABC Technologies in Mahalgrave Mews, Hammersmith. I know he’s watching it because somebody engaged your company to watch the place because Khalid is about to put the thing into administration and reinvent the company whilst stealing a lot of other people’s goods. Martins told me all this. I also know he’s got an oppo and that Martins does the day shift and the oppo does the night shift. And I know they’re waiting for someone to ship a lot of goods out of the place and into another warehouse somewhere before they pull the administration trigger. I also know it’s as bent as a 9 bob note.’
There was a whole heap of silence at the other end of the phone.
Then the voice said, ‘Look, you’d better come in and have a chat with us.’
‘Okay,’ said St Cloud. ‘Now would be good. Where do I find you?’
‘Maida Vale.’
‘Plush.’
‘The Edgware Road end.’
‘Not so plush.’
‘789D. It’s a little industrial block hidden behind a parade of shops.’
‘Fine. I’ll be there in an hour.’
In fact he was two, but only because he detoured via Notting Dale. There was barely a car’s space outside the geeky games shop, but he managed to shoehorn into it. A kid shuffled past with a magazine and stopped to rubberneck, hoping for a bit of a scrape and something to tell his imaginary Facebook friends. The kid had a nasty mullet, and the magazine had a picture of a honey with an ipod covering her hooch and the words “Apple vs Google”, or some other intolerable kind of bullshit written across her breasts. St Cloud bared his teeth and hissed; the kid skidaddled. St Cloud got out of the car and looked up the street. Nobody came and went from Love Blooms; nobody at all. After ten minutes of nobody coming and going he decided something was up, so he crossed over the street and looked back at the shop from a better angle. The door was closed. This didn’t look quite right. With a heavy heart he crossed back over and approached the shop itself. The place was locked up. In the window hung a “Closed” sign; and no kind of explanation. St Cloud climbed the steps and put his hands to the glass, trying to see inside, but that shade was impenetrable on such a mad, bright morning. He thought about calling the landline, or hammering on the door and making a scene, or writing a note and slipping it under, but he dismissed all of these prospects. The sun burnt his neck and his shoulders wrung tough and his retinas pounded with disappointment. There were beads of sweat above his ears and on his neck. He went back to the Leon, turned on the engine and let the air-con chill the neck-sweat at the expense of the planet. Then he wasted more time watching people walk up and down past the shop. Nobody went to the door. Nobody even climbed the steps.
So pretty soon he quit and drove to Maida Vale instead.
He found a faded sign pointing to No. 789 down an empty little mews opening to a courtyard; the latter was made up of portacabins and little brick buildings, the kind of place where Victorian gentlemen watered their horses by day and rummaged through the myriad skirts and baggy orifices of prostitutes by night. There wasn’t a breath of wind; the sun lifted a nose above the buildings, and threw half of the little courtyard into stark, cubist shadows. A stray cat scuttled from the light to the dark, like a little shooting star. Another equally faded sign on the wall told him Unit D was upstairs: St Cloud took a set of rusty metal steps to a door that said “Office” in a no-frills kind of a way. The metal was warm and the steps were in need of love. 
The door got opened by a man wearing a faded Comsat Angels T-shirt, denim three quarters and greying blonde hair. He was late 40s and not quibbling with it. He shielded his eyes from the sun, and gave St Cloud the once-over. Then he said,
‘You the guy I spoke to on the phone?’
‘St Cloud.’
The man proffered a hand. St Cloud shook it. ‘Armitage.’
He had melancholy look, the kind of harmless-looking guy who got a better education than most and gave it all away to prog-rock bands, Kilburn quiz nights and historical societies. That wasn’t the worst thing you could do with it. He said, ‘You’d better come in.’
They went through into the office, which was a tip. There were three desks, all with old computers and CD players and other useless bric-a-brac. Two big old crittal windows were open and the tiniest of breezes wafted through the place. Other than this it was pretty stuffy. The place was empty but for a forty-something woman sat in the corner, wearing a pair of big headphones, typing. She didn’t look up when they entered. What she was typing was more engrossing than he was. Either that, or she didn’t get paid to gawp.
Armitage pulled him out a seat and St Cloud dropped into it. He said, ‘Well, I did what you asked. I came in for a chat. But it’s Solly Martins I need to speak to. Do you have another number for him, maybe, or a landline?’
Armitage said, ‘He lives out in Ealing.’
‘Okay, so maybe you could call him, or give me the address.’
Armitage placed his fingers together at their tips, very softly, like there was something painful about them. ‘Look, Mr St Cloud, I don’t exactly know who you are or how you come to know what you do about Mr Martins and his assignment.’
St Cloud replied, ‘I ran into your man Martins last week. I was looking for a girl. Not any girl, one girl in particular. It turned out she started working for ABC Tec. Solly and I had a chat. We levelled pretty nicely. I told him all about the girl. He told me all about the company.’
‘Oh. That all?
‘We sparred a little. I told him about the inconstancy of secretaries. He told me about the inconstancy of small businessmen. It was all pretty square.’
Armitage said, ‘You can certainly talk a good deal.’
‘So did Martins. I couldn’t stop him. And he drank coffee like nobody I ever met. I couldn’t stop him do that, either.’
Armitage said, ‘You don’t say. He’s got a sweet tooth.’
‘Fine. So now we’re square maybe you could call him and get him to come and find me and – ’
Armitage shook his head. ‘It isn’t going to be as easy as that. Martins hasn’t showed up for work since yesterday. I’ve tried calling him. I’m getting voicemail.’
St Cloud narrowed his eyes. ‘You and me both.’
‘And I tried the landline at the Ealing place. That doesn’t answer, either.’
‘Oh. Would he have taken off, just like that?’
Armitage shook his head. ‘Not usually.’
‘He in trouble with the boss?’
Armitage said, ‘I am the boss.’
‘Oh.’
‘And no, no trouble with the boss.’
‘Did he have any holiday to take?’
‘Plenty of time for that between jobs, in this game.’
St Cloud said, ‘Aren’t you getting worried about him?’
Armitage shrugged. 
St Cloud looked around him. ‘Well then, I’m all for suggestions. Why do you think he might have just lit out without calling anybody?’
Armitage shrugged. ‘Who knows? Maybe he had some trouble.’
‘What kind of trouble? Work trouble? Do you think maybe Khalid paid him off?’
‘No, no. Martins is a decent guy. I was thinking more that maybe he had trouble with the wife.’
‘The wife a troll?’
‘Never seen her.’
‘Lovey dovey?’
‘Divorced, I think.’
‘Oh.’ St Cloud looked out of the window. None of this seemed to be going anywhere. He thought about Solly Martins, sticking to ABC Tec like glue, following St Cloud around the Hammersmith one-way system just on the slightest chance he was in with Khalid. That didn’t sound like a guy who was ready to fly, no matter how much trouble he had the wife, or how much of a troll she turned out to be, or how much she might have wiped his face in the divorce courts. He said, ‘Is it possible he followed someone off? When I spoke to him he was talking about the goods he was looking for being shipped out to Manchester or Liverpool. Maybe he followed them, maybe he’s holed up in a Holiday Inn somewhere, cracking the mini bar and mining the adult channels before he gives you a phone call to tell you all about it.’
‘That’d be pretty unusual.’
Armitage said the words “pretty unusual” in a tone of voice that told him it would be like finding lions riding tigers to race leopards.
St Cloud said, ‘When did he last work, then? Saturday?’
‘That’s right.’
St Cloud thought for a moment, and said, ‘He told me he had a friend, someone who did the night shift. The oppo. Know who that was?’
Armitage said, ‘Guy called Levitt. He’s a wall. Wife died last year and he’s got a 2 year old and a 4 year old. He gets his mother to sleep at his house while he works and then looks after the kids all day.’
‘I hope the kids appreciate it.’
‘They don’t. They’re little fuckers.’
‘Oh.’
‘That’s why he looks ten years older than I do. He’s got the ABC Tec job, too. Takes over where Martins left off.’
‘Where’s Levitt now?’
‘Looking after the little fuckers.’
‘He still does the night shift even when the day shift doesn’t show?’
‘He does. Like I say, he’s a wall.’
‘Oh.’ St Cloud rubbed his chin. ‘These two – Martins and Levitt. They have any kind of handover? When it came to evening and Martins knocked off for the day did Levitt meet up with him and talk shop?’
Armitage said, ‘By phone, mostly.’
‘Okay. Levitt speak to Martins on the phone Saturday night?’
Armitage said, ‘No.’
St Cloud had expected this, but it still seemed pretty sour all the same. He rubbed his jaw a while, and thought about Saturday afternoon: about being in Love Blooms and then getting that text from Martins, and then the mad and fruitless dash to Hammersmith. There were a lot of questions he wasn’t asking. Now seemed to be the time to start. ‘Look, Armitage – when was the last time anybody heard from Martins? Saturday? Sunday?’
‘I heard from him, Saturday.’
‘You did? What time?’
‘Two-ish. Half past, maybe.’
St Cloud sighed. Two o’clock was a good hour or more before he’d received his own text from Martins. Another dead end. He said, not expecting much, ‘What did you two talk about, at two-ish or half past?’
Armitage paused, then said, ‘I can’t really say.’
St Cloud said, ‘Come on.’
He said, ‘I mean it. I can’t really say.’
‘Some other spying job you were lining up?’
‘No.’
‘What then?’
‘Look, nothing.’
St Cloud got up, paced the floor, and looked down at the courtyard. The cat strolled through the courtyard, tongue out, hissing for water. St Cloud turned round. The girl with the big headphones carried on typing away, oblivious. He made a decent fist of not to losing his temper, but this was futile so he gave it up. He said through gritted teeth, ‘Okay, Mister Armitage, there’s things you’d better know. I got a text from Solly at 3 that afternoon. It told me that the girl – the girl I am looking for – went to work that afternoon at 2pm. I’ve found out a little something that happened in that place on Saturday afternoon. My girl got waylaid by a piece of blubber called Goff who wanted a stroke of pussy with his pie. He got the tablet. According to Goff he stormed out and left the girl there all on her own. Only that doesn’t feel so right because he also tells me she quit her job. Anyway – it means I really have to get hold of Martins. He was watching that place. He can tell me what time Goff left. He can tell me what time my girl left.’ He added darkly, ‘Or if she ever left at all.’
Armitage said sharply: ‘What do you mean by that?’
St Cloud placed his hands on the desk. ‘In that office where this little episode occurred I found an earring on the carpet and something else – a spot of blood.’
‘Blood?’
‘Blood. And a couple of marks next to a door in the back wall that looks to me like something or somebody got dragged out of there, recently. So I have an earring and a bloodstain and some drag marks. And a girl who might have been busy getting raped. That’s why I say my girl might have never left at all. That’s why I need Martins to tell me if he saw her leave.’
Armitage looked thoughtful. ‘Are you going to the police?’
St Cloud said, ‘I might have to.’
Armitage rested his hands on the table, and stared a hundred yards.
St Cloud said gently, ‘If you’ve got things to tell – well, you might want to tell me, here and now – before you have to tell the cops.’
Armitage said, ‘Okay, okay.’ He sighed. ‘‘Look – you know the deal. Solly told you why we were watching the place. Did he mention how long we’ve been at the job?’
‘No.’
‘Getting on two months, would you believe. And do you know what’s happened in that time?’
‘No.’
‘Nothing. Zero. Solly tell you about the retention of title aspect?’
St Cloud nodded. ‘He told me you were looking for six thousand keyboards, or something like that.’
‘Well, not exactly that. But a lot of goods.’
‘Well, then?’
‘We’ve got suppliers on our back, and some of them are getting rough. Want to go in now and demand their stuff back. Or they want to think about engaging another agency to do the work in case we’re missing the deal going off. Pressure’s on for us, Mr St Cloud. We’ve got to know whether those goods are still there. Well – ’
He hesitated.
‘Look, this is information I wouldn’t necessarily want to part with. But over the last few weekends Solly and I had come to a little arrangement. A private arrangement.’
St Cloud asked, ‘What kind of arrangement?’
‘Levitt didn’t even know about it. Nobody else did, in fact.’
‘What was it?’
Armitage shook his head. ‘No, look, I shouldn’t really, I don’t know – ’
St Cloud said harshly, ‘Quit the cocktease. I told you, it’s me or the cops.’
Armitage looked up and thought for a moment, then said, ‘Okay. Whatever. We got tired of waiting.’
There was a momentous pause.
St Cloud said, ‘I don’t understand.’
‘Come Saturday afternoon the workforce leaves early. The security in that place isn’t what it might be. Especially Saturdays – they have some other staff come in and do packing, this lot don’t get treated like the others and they don’t know how to do the alarms or anything. So we got into this arrangement whereby Solly had a little nose round inside. Satisfied our curiosity.’
‘You’re saying he’d break in?’
‘Nothing so grand. He’d just have a nose, that’s all.’
‘Piece of luck, him having that cloak of invisibility.’
Armitage snorted. ‘No such trouble. The place doesn’t have to be open. The maintenance of the doors is last on their priority list. They’ve got these metal shutters on the doors. All those railway units are the same, got built twenty years ago and never upgraded.’
‘Locks no good?’
‘The locks are great, as it goes. Two drawbolts in each side of the doorjamb, slide right across. Unfortunately the locks are better than the doors. The doors are rusted to buggery and so all you have to do is jerk them upwards. The metal either side of them has failed. If you jerk upwards, the drawbolts click out of their slots.’
St Cloud said mischievously, ‘Martins find that out by just watching the place?’
Armitage replied, ‘He’s got pretty good eyesight.’
‘He’d have to have rifle sights for retinas.’ St Cloud pondered this information. ‘So he’d get through the door and have a recce? Didn’t anybody throw him out?’
‘No. He’d just wait until the employees all left. Saturday, like I say, they wouldn’t even set the alarms.’
‘What time did the employees leave?’
‘Three o’clock ish, mostly. And then he’d go in and see whether he could see any of the goods our suppliers are looking for – boxed up, still with the labels, any showing order codes matching the ones we’re interested in.’
St Cloud said, ‘Hang on. You said you spoke to him on Saturday.’
Armitage nodded. ‘Yes. He always rang me if he managed to get in.’
St Cloud yelled, ‘He got in? On Saturday? Inside ABC Tec?’
‘Yeah. Like I told you, about two o’clock, maybe two thirty.’
‘Christ.’ St Cloud ran his fingers through his hair. At once a hell of a lot of things occurred to him. Chiefly, that Solly Martins was inside ABC Tec when Graham Goff was trying to blackmail Alice - and maybe a hell of a lot more than that. He thought about the warehouse, and the glass partitions that looked out of the office and down to the floor. Jesus, Martins might have seen anything. Martins might have seen everything.
He cried, ‘Armitage, I must find him.’
He suddenly thought about the AC, sitting in his chair with those pursed lips, and her hands on her lap, going crazy for a witness she couldn’t find, to a murder she couldn’t solve. Was he now in the same position? The thought made his blood run cold.
He said urgently, ‘This phone call – what did Martins say?’
Armitage shrugged. ‘Not much. The usual. “I’m inside”. I told him to go careful.’
‘Is that all?’
‘It was pretty much a routine. Like I say, he’d always call if he got in.’
‘But what did he actually say?’
‘I said “go careful”. He said, “That’s funny”, and cut the call.’
‘He thought it was funny, you telling him to go careful.’
Armitage nodded.
The girl with the big headphones picked up a pile of papers and moved them to the floor. Then she leant behind her and picked up another, identical pile. Not once did she look at the two men. St Cloud thought about Alice, stuck in that flat in Dante Gardens, writing out those index books in her loopy handwriting, going pretty damn crazy – if those quacks were right and she wasn’t crazy already. An image of that last page flashed into his head, and that little mistake she had made: a 3 instead of a 4. She wasn’t as perfect as they had hoped, after all. She could make mistakes. Going to ABC Tec was one. Turning up on Saturday was another. He pictured Goff sat on the desk, leering and menacing in turns, rubber and steel; and Alice behind it, wearing her earrings and her perfume, a crazy girl in a crazy world.
In that office. Glass windows looking out on the rest of the place.
Suddenly, a thought - a terrible thought - occurred to him.
He said to Armitage, ‘How do you know he cut the call?’
‘Uh?’
‘Martins – how do you know he cut the call?’
‘Well, he rang off.’
‘The phone stopped?’
‘Yeah, he rang off.’
‘The phone went dead?’
‘Yeah.’
‘Jesus.’ St Cloud stared at Armitage. ‘Jesus.’
Armitage said, ‘What’s it matter, any of that?’
St Cloud said, ‘Isn’t it obvious? He said “that’s funny”, and the phone went dead.’
‘Like I say – ’
‘Did he say “that’s funny” because you told him to go careful, or did he say “that’s funny” because he looked up and saw something he hadn’t expected to?’
Armitage screwed his face up. ‘Like what?’
‘Like a girl in a lot of trouble. Like an argument, a fight. Like something that ended with blood and earrings on the carpet.’
‘No, no. He’d have called me. He’d have told me.’
‘Really?’
‘Yeah. We had an arrangement. Any sign of trouble he’d call me.’
They stared at each other across the table.
‘So why didn’t he?’ asked St Cloud.
Armitage shrugged. The woman in the corner tapped her keyboard. The breeze blew a little harder.


It was mid-afternoon when he made it to Mahalgrave Mews: 72 hours since the text from Martins. There was still no sign of the grizzled investigator or his Ford Focus. This time, St Cloud decided to get clear out of the way and parked up right across the other side of the Fulham Palace Road. He didn’t want Goff - or anybody else for that matter -  spotting him. Then he wandered back until he reached the café where he had met Martins three days before. He took a seat at the front of the place, ordered coffee and a cheeseburger and chips and sat and watched the comings and goings outside. That breeze had picked up a little momentum and high in the sky the burning sun had a little wet veil of cloud passing across it. He picked up a newspaper. It was full of the usual rubbish. Tomorrow there would be spending cuts. Tomorrow there would be job losses. Tomorrow an asteroid the size of Wales would strike Mexico. It was always tomorrow, it was always the size of Wales, and it was always Mexico. He folded it up and ate. After this, when his stomach had protested at always eating this kind of shit, and when he had three coffees inside him, he went up and paid the tab. By now it was five o’clock. The breeze had become a wind and the clouds sat fat across the sky in a folded, black-hearted quilt. The heatwave was dead, and this was the funeral party.
He took a leisurely trip back to the Leon and picked up a torch and a medium sized flat-head screwdriver. Then he skirted back round to Mahalgrave Mews. The street was empty. The long line of railway arches sat under the gathering clouds. St Cloud checked out the cameras: there was a local authority one at the road junction, and an old dummy stuck on the front of ABC Tec; that left only those sitting outside the front of the disused units, which appeared long dead, bills unpaid, decayed and watching blindly like a coffin-dodger does Countdown. He approached the front of ABC Tec but didn’t stop; instead he walked on past it until he reached the next archway, and then down a side recess between this and the arch on the other side.
The door to the adjacent unit was much as Armitage had described the door to ABC Tec: a metal mother with welded hinges and a rusting, square handle. St Cloud put the torch up to the opening edge and picked out three drawbolts. These would also be the alarm points, of course. Except St Cloud was gambling that nobody cared any more about the alarm on this factory unit than they did about the one next door. He drew the handle towards him and jerked upwards. He felt the door lift just slightly; so he drove the screwdriver into the long edge, just above the middle of the drawbolts, and dug hard. Nothing happened. He tried it again: this time he could feel the door lift a little further, but the screwdriver still failed to find any purchase and nothing much happened. He ran the torch once more down the opening edge, wondering if this might give him a little insight but it didn’t, so finally he bit the bullet and, leaving both the torch and screwdriver on the ground, he gave the door one almighty lift upwards. Now something gave at the bottom of the door, there was the squeal of metal, and as he let go the bottom of the door came to rest slightly adrift of the frame. He ran the screwdriver up and down it, one by one working the bolts out of their slots, all except for the highest, which snapped open under sheer force. He threw the torch up and down the edge. It was scratched to buggery. No doubt Solly Martins managed to get into next door a lot cleaner than this. 
He shone his torch into the darkness ahead and saw only a downpour of dust and spider’s eyes. He played the beam over the walls and found a cracked little plastic alarm box on the wall, dead as a doornail, with no LEDs blinking and nothing on the grey display. He swung the torch down across and down to the floor. It was rough and made of old linoleum and it headed straight along a short corridor leading towards a wooden door. He took a step inside and pulled the door lightly shut behind him; it rested on the drawbolts with a hollow clanging sound.
All around was dark and still.
About halfway along the corridor was a door set into the wall, and he threw the torch beam around a set of toilets, dusty and unused. Above the urinal hung a sign that read, “Don’t throw your gum in here. It’s unhygienic”. Someone had written underneath this “Be honest it isn’t it just fucks up the toilet.” This is what the end of the world would be like, the lights going out only after sporadic outbreaks of free-mindedness. St Cloud nosed around the cubicles and found a lot of grey dust and a lot of nasty graffiti about a girl called Liz, but not a lot else to interest him. He took the door back to the corridor and kept along it, until the linoleum ran out and an old, threadbare carpet began. It was the same brand of carpet that had been fitted next door in ABC Tec.
He passed through the corridor and opened the far door. This led to another corridor, which ran at right angles to the first. St Cloud plumped for left, and found himself passing through another door and into a black space. He threw the torch beam around this one: a small room with a couple of old desks in the middle. Either side of the table was a chair, and everything was covered in a thick coat of dust. On the table were a couple of cracked coffee cups and a power lead for some long-abandoned piece of computer equipment. At the far end of the room was a flipchart with a single, bizarre sentence written in red marker pen: “Downsizing: selling the silver or panning for gold?” Behind this was an old, beaten-up overhead projector, the type teachers used to use in comprehensive schools. Somewhere in the far corner came a little sound, which might have been a mouse, or might have been a ghost. 
St Cloud backed out of the door, and retraced his steps along the corridor until he passed through another set of double doors at the far end. 
Beyond was sheer, impenetrable darkness. A blast of cold air arrived from somewhere far above. He shone the torch and saw the beam pick out more dust, falling and swirling; but this and no more. There was no wall or corridor ahead. He played the beam over the floor; no carpet now, and no linoleum, just a hard, cracked, unyielding screed. He threw the torch beam upwards but all it lit was dust and dirt, dry yellow rain.
There was a tremendous roar, and what sounded like a drum-roll, or gunfire, as a train passed high above him, the same sound he had heard next door in ABC Tec, except there it had been ameliorated by the sounds of machinery and human life. Through the crazed clouds of dust he saw the same familiar high curves and tessellations above him, and he realised that he was in the railway arch itself.
The place was the same size and shape as the factory floor of ABC Tec next door. In fact it was a mirror image. On one side of this space an identical little staircase weaved its way up to a mezzanine office, which was the spit of Alice’s next door, only on the left-hand side rather than the right; it occupied the space adjoining the same wall. The roar of the train died slowly and he brought the beam back to the floor. It was like the forest had shrunk to a dell. He walked across to the staircase and was about to climb it when he stopped. He noticed something odd. 
The dust on the handle of the banister was disturbed.
Somebody had been there, and recently.
He played the torch beam over the banister, and then to the floor. Here the dust wasn’t so much disturbed as destroyed. It looked like a herd of cattle had been through the place. St Cloud dropped to his haunches. There were shoes here, yes – trainer blocks here and there, Reebok circles, the odd target – but more than that: angular shapes, wedges, ninety-degree corners, like a kind of Cubist art. At the edges the dust was piled up high: whatever objects had made the shapes were heavy. 
He took a careful path up the inside of the steps, pausing about halfway up. The marks were here, too, and more disturbance along the rail – more so, indeed, for here there were new chips and splinters along the edge. At the top of the steps he threw the torch back around the dark space below. The beam caught something in the middle of the floor: a rat, frozen in its tracks, looking back with red flame eyes. It dropped its head and scurried back off into the corner. He tried to follow it with the beam but lost it; but the beam caught something else. Something far more interesting.
Against the far wall in this corner was a pile of boxes.
St Cloud looked back down at the dust shapes in the floor. It figured. It figured that somebody had manoeuvred these boxes down this flight of steps; it figured that the boxes looked heavy enough to have made the damage to the banisters; it figured that the boxes looked big enough to hold six thousand keyboards; it figured that the boxes were a straight path down from the communicating door behind Alice’s desk.
And it figured that this was a hell of a lot nearer than Liverpool or Manchester. Solly Martins had been right all along about Khalid having a bolthole to move the goods to; except that it wasn’t at the other end of the country, and nobody needed to load any lorries at midnight.
Not when you had an empty space next door, and the key to a communicating door.
The door to the little office was ajar. He shone the torch inside. The room was identical in size and shape to Alice’s, on the other side of the wall, except that there wasn’t any furniture or carpet in this one and it was piled high with yet more cardboard boxes, which appeared identical to those below on the factory floor. He threw the torch across one of them. It had a lot of labels and barcodes and stickers and when he tried to push it out of the way he found it was as heavy as a hoodlum’s heart. There was a gap between the boxes and the wall so he edged around it until he found himself in a rough, empty space at the far end, in front of the door – the other side of the same door that he had painted blue with luminol 24 hours ago. He threw the torch to the bottom of it to see if he might see the continuation of those drag marks, but all he saw was nothing, not even dust: it had all been blown away by people wearing trainers and carrying heavy cardboard boxes. He tried the door handle but it was locked shut, of course. He remembered Goff, sprawled across the desk in the office on the other side, telling him he didn’t know where the key was – 
He wheeled round. There was something familiar here – yes, there it was, faint. A scent. It came only momentarily; but he was sure it was the same he had detected the other side of the door, on the chair and on the floor. He stopped, wondering for a moment whether he was imagining it.
But no, he wasn’t. It was there, definitely there. 
From somewhere outside in the vast archway came a sound.
He edged back around the edge of the heavy boxes to the window and looked down. This time his torch found nothing, not even a damned rat.
He turned back to the blackness of the room. Yes, he could smell it here. He had smelt it at Dante Gardens, as well, in the wardrobe, on her clothes. That scent - t was her. He could smell her. The hairs rose at the back of his neck. There was something else, something more. He could sense something else. There was somebody there – 
He cried, ‘Alice?’
His voice bounced off the glass. The beam continued to find nothing. The sound died. Yet he could sense somebody in the room with him. He threw a look over his shoulder at the communicating door; he wanted to go and bust it open and throw on the light switch in the office, but he resisted. No, he must tough it out. He edged back around the boxes and played the beam back over the door and at the floor below it. He had a mad idea to get more luminol, to spray this floor, too, to follow the drag marks, the rest of the blood.
There was another sound: faint, and from the other side of the room.
He said, despite himself, ‘Are you okay? Alice? Are you there, are you okay?’
There was silence. Silence and a pretty little scent on his nostrils. That, and something else. Something worse. Yes, he could definitely sense her now. His torch hit the white buff of the nearest box and illuminated another long stream of labels, barcodes, numbers. No doubt they were stuck on a spreadsheet on a computer in that old office in Maida Vale. St Cloud decided against going around them this time and instead tried to heave them out of his way. The first was heavy, but the next was light, light as air. And faint around it came once more the same, seductive little scent.
He put the torch between his teeth, took hold of the flaps of the box, lifted it up, and pawed it off to the side. As his head spun the beam flashed across in front and he saw the inside of another box, a crumpled sleeve, a glassy stare.
He jumped. The torch fell out of his mouth, hit the floor with a smash, and rolled away unseen.
‘Jesus,’ he said. He dug in his pocket, found his phone, slid it up.
A faint glow lit a familiar face. The crucifix was in place. About three inches below it was a red pool, a glistening soak of blood. The rheumy eyes and the matted hair looked the same as before. But the eyes stared back unseeing, and in the side of the neck there was a fearful knife, buried to the hilt. 
And that damned scent, just everywhere.


He looked at his watch. It was gone eight.
He hoped he wouldn’t have to deal with a lackey, an apparatchik. But he was in luck. The AC herself answered.
‘Yes.’
‘It’s me. St Cloud.’
‘Oh.’
‘I have something to tell you. It isn’t good news.’
‘Have you succeeded?’
‘In what?’
‘In finding who you were looking for.’
‘No. But I have found somebody else.’
‘Somebody else?’
‘Yes. His name is Solomon Martins. His friends called him Solly. He had an ex-wife who might or might not be a troll. She’s going to be queueing up to buy a black dress sometime soon. He’s lying in a forgotten railway arch in Hammersmith with a knife in his neck. And there’s something you’d better know.’
‘Go on.’
‘The other side of the door is where your favourite girl used to sit at her desk. And there is more. Spots of blood on the floor. An earring that looks like it came off in some kind of struggle. Oh – and your girl’s perfume is all over him.’
There was silence on the other end of the line. Then she said simply,
‘Where are you?’
‘Mahalgrave Mews, Hammersmith. The third arch from the bottom as you look from the main road.’
She said tersely, ‘What were you doing there?’
‘Fulfilling your request.’
‘Mine?’
‘To keep looking for her, despite my better judgement.’
There was a pause, and then she said, ‘What are you going to do?’
‘Fuck off out of here. That’s why I’m ringing you. I don’t care how you do it. Maybe a call to Crimestoppers. Maybe one of your Earl’s Court pals owes you a favour and might just pass by and see a steel door flapping open, and be worried about burglars. When they investigate they’ll find what I found. Except that they’ll also find me all over the place in the dust and the dirt. And I lost a torch somewhere in the same room as the body.’
She paused, then said carelessly, ‘So?’
‘So you have to keep me out of it. I don’t know how, but I know you can.’
She said, ‘I’m not sure I can quite do that.’
‘You’ll have to.’
She said, ‘You’re hardly in a position of power.’
‘If you don’t let me out of this, I’ll sit right on top of the dead man and tell the nice men in the uniforms what I was doing there. And not only that, but about the earring and the blood and the girl in the office next door, and her perfume. And I might just stray into all those salacious facts about what you told me, about what your crazy Alice saw or didn’t see, and what you’ve been up to trying to protect her.’
‘You wouldn’t dare.’
‘Try me.’
She said, ‘Thank you for the call,’ and rang off.
He got back into the Leon and drove away.


Love Blooms was still closed. It didn’t look like it had been open at all today.  The “Closed” sign hung at an identical angle on the inside of the window. The clouds lay thick above him, waiting to bomb; a rattling mixture of leaves and dust blew up and swivelled like a bad rugby scrum along the street. Other than a few cars rolling past, human life had disappeared off the street, the way animals do before an earthquake. St Cloud sat on the step for a while and thought some crazy thoughts. Then he got up and walked down the street to the next turning, to see whether there was a service road or alleyway running behind the shops that might get him into the yard behind the shop, behind that back room where a lot of crying and talking and other things had gone on. In his pocket he felt the sharp tug of the screwdriver. Yes, he’d pretty much got the taste for it, this busting into places and finding people dead. He wondered if Helen Lees was lying under a box of gladioli with a knife sticking out of her neck. He wondered if Alice had put it there. He wondered if Robert Lees knew or cared, or whether he was too busy playing Punch and Judy with some other cowed and careworn black-eyed beauty. 
But he cared, damn it. And God, but he wanted nothing more now than to talk to Helen Lees. He took a turning, then another, then another, but it was just terraces and squares, chophouses and flophouses and rat runs for addled kids to avoid the bull-bars of the 4 x 4s. Try as he might, he found no rear entrance or alleyway, so he trudged back to the main drag and back to the car. He got out his phone and weighed it in his hand. It was a risk to phone: it wasn’t even Helen he could call, it was Robert and Robert only. He looked out at the terraces. Even when you burgled their lives they still held the keys to the houses, these men, and that weighed heavy with him. He felt the square corners of the phone. Often when he was mad about something he wanted to crush the thing, destroy it, take away the certainty of being able to contact somebody, and being able to be contacted. He slackened the pressure, and let his thumb find the number. He would phone, of course. He would always phone. 
It rang for ten seconds. 
‘Yeah?’
It was Robert. 
St Cloud said, ‘I need to speak to Helen. I own the shop next door. I heard smashing glass from somewhere. I’m worried it might be her shop.’
There was silence, and breathing. Lees was still on the line. St Cloud thought about saying something else, but decided not to push it. Then finally, Lees said, ‘Hold on.’
There was a pause that seemed like at eternity. St Cloud held his breath.
Then, finally, he heard her voice. ‘Hello?’
He cried, ‘Helen, it’s Michael St Cloud.’
She went to speak, but he yelled, ‘Don’t hang up.’
She said nothing; but he could hear she was still there.
He said, ‘Please don’t hang up.’
‘Okay.’
There was a pause. Then she said, stumblingly, ‘What’s happened?’
He said, ‘I needed to speak to you. I wasn’t sure you were okay. I came to the shop you see earlier, and, well – look I wasn’t sure you were okay.’
‘Yes.’ That was ice-cold.
‘Look, Helen. I need to talk to you. About a number of things but mostly about Alice – damn it, I mean about Imogen. Do you remember I told you she wasn’t in any trouble? Well, I was wrong. She is.’
‘Oh.’
There was a pause then she said evenly, ‘Okay. I’ll come to the shop now.’
‘Is he listening? Robert?’
‘I’ll leave in a minute.’
‘Is it Robert? Is that it?’
‘I’ll be there in half an hour or so.’
He drew breath, then said, ‘Fine. I’ll wait.’
A single raindrop hit the windscreen with a fat slap.


She was thirty minutes, just as she had promised, and to St Cloud’s intense relief she came alone. He drove the Leon into a side street on the opposite side of Notting Dale in the twilight shadows, and saw her approach along the street, a rolled up umbrella in her one hand. She stopped under a sodium lamp and reached in to get out her keys, and climbed the steps and went into the shop. He got out of the car. The rain was coming now, light and faint, and it wiped the corners of his forehead as he crossed the street and climbed the steps. Inside it was dark and still. There was a low buzz from the back room – the boiler or something like it – and a raw kind of half-light, which might have been for the plants and might have been for the sake of it. She stood by the counter, silhouetted, hair tucked behind her head, hands lightly touching the counter, legs crossed.
‘Hello.’
She said nothing, did not move.
He said, ‘Thanks for coming.’
She said in a tremulous voice, ‘What do you want?’
‘I came earlier. The shop was shut up. I didn’t know if you were okay.’
‘Yes.’
‘Yes?’
‘I was okay.’
‘Right. Well, I didn’t know.’
‘What do you want?’
‘Helen – ’
She broke in, ‘I said perhaps it was better if you didn’t see us. Either of us.’
‘I know. But I was worried, you see. Worried about you. And when I found the shop shut up – ’
‘Is that all?’
‘All? Look, I was – ’
‘You said something about Imogen.’
‘Yes. I’m coming to that.’
He took a step towards her. She didn’t move. He said, ‘Look, can’t we have a light on, or something?’
She said, ‘No.’
St Cloud turned and looked over his shoulder, back to the outside world. He had a sudden thought. ‘Is he with you? Waiting for you outside?’
‘No. No.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘No. Oh, look – I don’t know.’
‘You don’t know.’
‘No.’
‘Helen, you should talk to me.’
‘You said something about Imogen.’
‘Yes.’ He threw another look over his shoulder, through the grilled windows that looked out on the street. Passing headlamps picked out the diagonal drizzle. It seemed like an empty world, like a scene-setter in a comic strip, like a Hollywood back lot ready for a penny dreadful. He said, ‘Look, I can’t talk like this, in this gloom. Can’t we at least go through to the back?’
She said acidly, ‘No.’
He said, ‘I don’t mean like that.’
‘What, then?’
‘I mean nobody could see in there, not from the street, even if they were outside – watching.’
She turned and walked through the counter and into the back room. He followed and shut the door behind him. All inside was that half-light and that crazy buzzing. She turned. He started. She had tear tracks down her face.
He said, ‘Oh, Helen – ’
‘Don’t.’
‘Look, are you okay?’
‘Yes.’ She hunched over the worktop, then looked up at him.
He said, ‘I’m going to get you out of here. You look a state.’
‘No.’
‘I insist.’
He took a step towards her; she fell into his arms. He buried her head into his neck and felt the cold rumours of tears, and placed his lips against the back of her head and held her like this for a few long minutes. She sobbed hard, so hard her body shook. He reached a hand out to the arch of her back and placed a wide palm across it, feeling the square little hump of the bra clip; her lips found his neck, and his cheek, and her crying became louder and crazier and in spite of this, or maybe because of it, he kissed her long and hard and in all the ways he would have done if it had been coquetry and cockteasing rather than this tremendous emotional collapse.
 He said, ‘Let’s get out of here, shall we?’
She said, ‘No, no.’
‘Come on.’
He swung her around so she was at his side and bundled her forwards a couple of steps. She didn’t protest too much. He propelled her out through the door and through the dark shop, back towards the grille-covered windows and the perch-high sodium-lit view of the street. He opened the door and peered outside: a car went past, and then another; he couldn’t see anybody on foot; the rain was getting heavier. He opened the door wider and walked her down the steps. She still carried her umbrella; she tried to get to it, to open it, but he took her shoulder and hurried her along until they were across the road and in under the shelter of the other side of the street, from where they turned the corner and headed into the darkness of the turning. He opened the Leon and pushed her into the passenger seat, then skipped around the front and got into the other side.
He put the key in the ignition.
She said, ‘No, wait – ’
He turned. She said:
‘The door. I need to lock it.’
He said, ‘No. Let’s go.’
‘I’ve got to lock up.’
‘Give me the keys. I’ll do it.’
‘No, no – ’
‘I mean it. Give them to me.’
She dug into her pocket and pulled out a couple of keys on a ring. One was a Yale and one was a proper mortice one, so he grasped the latter in his fingers and got out of the car. Black little puddles were forming now between the crusty layers of the red-route lines and the kerb, with dog ends and gum wrappers and oil and other crap floating on the surface. He took the steps up to the shop and bent his head down to get away from the rain; but it just spat on his cold neck. He locked the lowest lock; there might have been others but he didn’t want to hang about so he turned to go back down the steps. The rain hit him in the eyes and fumbled through the lids; he lifted his hand to shield himself from the downpour.
Lees was there.


He stood on the far side of the street, head covered by a hooded coat, hands stuffed in his jacket pockets. For a moment St Cloud thought the big man might not have seen him, but he was disabused: Lees lifted his hands and withdrew the hood, revealing a gaunt face and staring eyes. Then with barely a glance in either direction he made his way across. St Cloud stayed on the top step, back to the shop, holding the high ground.
Lees yelled, ‘Where’s Helen?’
St Cloud said, above the rain, ‘Licking her wounds.’
Lees brought his hands out of his jacket pocket, fists balled. He snarled, ‘What have you done with her?’
St Cloud said simply:
‘Licked the rest.’
Lees cursed and threw himself up the steps. St Cloud jumped, but not in time; a flailing arm struck his shoulder a mighty blow and he went tumbling down. There was a clatter of feet and then a titanic kick to his back which brought his face to the cold ground and pulled his knees from under him, like a pratfall on puppet strings. He jerked his head up and saw two boots come alongside his head, ready for another salvo. He threw an arm out and grabbed the ankle and pulled it, hard. The boot leather slipped out of his grip but he had got enough, for he heard Lees cry out and then a crash as he toppled backwards over the steps, and then a savage crack as his head struck the pavement. St Cloud pushed himself up and tried to regain his feet but the other man was up before him. Lees smote him a hard blow to the mouth and then another to the bridge of the nose and suddenly the world was full of blood, in his eyes, in his mouth, on his lips. He slipped back down the steps and felt the air ruffle as the next salvo passed close. He threw himself forward and clung to Lees’s midriff where he stuck fast for a few seconds before it finally brought Lees back to the floor. St Cloud scrambled up to his feet. Lees threw his arms up in front of his head so St Cloud turned and kicked him as hard as he could in the midriff.  Then, as Lees doubled up in pain, he spun around and took off across the street, round the corner, into the darkness and back to the Leon. The key was still in the ignition so he turned it and the engine coughed into life.
She said, ‘What the hell –’
He said, ‘Hubby’s home,’ and hit the accelerator.
She cried, ‘Your face.’
‘I’ll survive – ’
A huge figure flung itself across the windscreen. Helen screamed. St Cloud spun the wheel to the right and then the left and frantically found reverse gear. He hit the accelerator. The car jumped backwards. He looked over his shoulder and tried to see through the spatter on the back windscreen but it was impenetrable. He reached for the wipers and threw the stalk upwards. In front the wiper got half way and hit Lees, face pushed hard against the window and legs clinging either side of the wing mirror. St Cloud found reverse again, hit the accelerator, and the car leapt backwards. Lees clung on still, his skin ghostly white against the windscreen, the wipers screaming in protest as they failed to pass him. St Cloud slammed on the brakes and then threw the stick into first gear. Then he hit the accelerator as hard as he could. Lees cried out and slipped and then in a moment the white face was gone, he became disentangled from the mirror and the wiper, and he slid off back into the road.
Suddenly they were away into Notting Dale and then Ladbroke Grove and then flying through the night. Only when they were through and under the streetlights of the Talgarth Road did he look across at her. She was shaking, biting her lip, eyes sewn shut, sobbing. He looked back at the hollow road and stayed looking at it all the way until he got to Turnham Green, and Acton Park, dark enough tonight to hide a trillion sad sorrows. He pulled over and killed the engine. In the darkness he put a hand out and she took it; then she came to him. His face was sticky with blood and his lip was beginning to wail.
Neither of them said anything. This took a while.


She said, ‘I like people to be big.’
 ‘Yes,’ he replied. ‘Yes, I understand.’
‘I don’t mean substantial.’
‘No.’
‘I mean big.’
‘Yes.’
‘I like them to wrap me up, to be somebody. To inhabit the space, the moment.’
‘Yes.’
‘Not to read the Independent, or to vote Liberal Democrat, or to drink spritzers.’
‘Fuck spritzers.’
‘Don’t humour me.’
‘I’m not. I understand.’
‘I just like them to be big. Do you get it?’
‘Yes.’ He got it. It was late. There was nothing and nobody around, not even any foxes. The world was ten degrees cooler than it had been this morning, and it shivered with the realisation. He licked his lips. The blood was dry and cracked, and he had to spit it out. 
He said, ‘I’ve got to talk to you properly some time, you know.’
She rubbed mascara from her cheeks. ‘Do you have to?’
‘Yes.’
‘Not now.’
‘In a minute, then.’
He turned and pulled her close, and felt her face close to his; it was wet with tears and slightly sticky. He touched her cheek with his lips; she reached her mouth up to his, but he pulled away. He placed a hand on his forehead. His face was going to swell up and look like a medicine ball. He said,
‘This is probably the end of me being attractive to the opposite sex. I’ll have to take up cricket and golf and all that shit that people do when they pretend they don’t want to pick up girls and play pasadoble.’
She smiled for the first time. ‘I wouldn’t have thought so.’
‘Really?’
‘Really.’
‘Well, that’s a relief.’
She nodded and touched his face softly, so that it didn’t disturb the bloodstains. He pulled her hand away and said, ‘Helen – ’
She looked down. ‘What is it?’
‘We need to talk. I need to tell you about things.’
‘About Imogen?’
‘Yes, I suppose so. What makes you say that?’
She said, ‘Because you said so on the phone. That she was in trouble. And besides – ’ She searched his face, and then looked back down at her lap. ‘Because that’s what brought you here in the first place. It wasn’t me. It wasn’t Robert either. It was her.’ There was something new in that “her”, something the wrong side of paradise. She reached for the word and spat it out: ‘Imogen.’
He tried to read her and gave up on the flyleaf. ‘Well, I was looking for her, if that’s what you mean. Is that what you mean?’
She looked at him askance then her eyes flicked away, back to the darkness outside. She said, in a small voice, ‘Have you seen her? Are you going to tell me? Are you – ’
‘Am I what?’
‘I don’t know how to ask you.’
‘Ask me what?’
‘I don’t know if I can trust you. I don’t know you.’
‘That’s not what your husband thinks.’
She sighed. ‘Yes. Well, he doesn’t matter.’
‘The big cut in my bottom lip says he matters a little. Enough to make me cancel my trumpet lesson this week. What did you want to ask me?’
She screwed her mouth up and for one horrible moment she looked a touch like Bonnie, like Bonnie in the dark, Bonnie making smalltalk.
Helen said, ‘Imogen. Tell me, are you sleeping with her, too, are you – ’ and stopped.
He said through rising panic, ‘Am I what?’
‘God just listen to me. What do I sound like, some sort of bloody Victorian.’ She looked at him, and steeled herself. ‘Okay. Tell me this. Are you fucking her too, is that what’s going on, are you – oh God, are you fucking her as well as me, you – you bloody feckless, ruinous – bastard?’
He breathed out, and let his mouth come to a grin.
She said, ‘Don’t laugh at me.’
‘Not even if you call people “feckless” and “ruinous” when you upbraid them?’
She smiled and shook her head. ‘You’re just as bad. Honestly, “upbraid”? That’s out of Jane Austen.’
He said wistfully, ‘Long words, and everything.’ Then he looked her for a long moment, and said. ‘No. I’m not sleeping with her. I grinned out of curiosity. Because that seems a damned funny thing for you to ask.’
She raised her eyebrows. ‘I’m sure you always think it’s funny when you get asked that.’
‘Yes, really.’ He put a hand under her chin and lifted it up. There was pain in those eyes, deep and livid. He said with a bit more toughness than before, ‘Is that what men do? Sleep with you and Imogen at the same time?’
She recoiled. ‘What the hell do you mean by that?’
‘I think maybe Robert – ’
She jerked her head up and looked back open-mouthed. ‘Robert?’
‘Yes, I think maybe – ’
‘No, no, wait. Robert?’
‘Yes. Robert.’
‘Robert wouldn’t go for Imogen.’
‘Listen, maybe you ought to – ’
‘That’s absurd. He didn’t even like her.’
He counted to 10. When he got to 4, Helen said, ‘Look, you can say what you want about Robert. There’s enough there to write a book. Some of it you know already, and I could tell you some more if you really wanted me to. It won’t surprise you to know that he’s nasty, rough, that he’s obsessive. In fact - well, he’s a bit of a maniac. He’s all those men in books and films who are nice for 20 minutes and psychos for the next hour. He hates me going out, talking to other men, looking at other men either. He can’t handle it. But that’s it, that’s really it. Don’t you understand?’
He shook his head.
She said, ‘It’s me. Just me.’
‘I don’t understand.’
‘No. That’s the point.’
‘So tell me.’
‘Robert is obsessed with me, nothing else. It’s me he controls, me he binds with his cable ties, me whose wrists he grips, me whose throat he likes to squeeze with his thumbs. Nobody else. He doesn’t think about anybody else, he doesn’t talk about anybody else. Jesus, he doesn’t even know anybody else.’
‘But – ’
‘You think that question I asked was funny? It’s not half as funny as the idea of Robert having an affair. He didn’t even look at Imogen, he didn’t even say hello if he passed her in the flat, he didn’t give a damn about her. It’s always me, nothing else, nobody else – nobody in the world.’
‘Look, Helen, it isn’t just what I think, it’s – ’
She broke in, ‘Do you really want to know why I didn’t replace my mobile, after that day when lost it? Because if I’d got a new one he’d have done what he did with the last one, which is to go through it, every single day, looking for calls or texts from other men. And he’d have bombarded me with his texts, like he used to, squalid things about how jealous and obsessed he was.’ She rubbed her face. ‘Robert and Imogen? That really isn’t possible, not for a second.’
St Cloud looked out into the black night. She was sincere. And both of them had the bruises to show for it. Something stirred in him, something uneasy:
I’m so happy we found one another.
I realise now it’s what I was waiting for, that everything else was nothing.
Things were clicking into place – no, out of place, out of their neat and comfortable slots. 
He said, his voice rising a little, ‘Those other men – ’
‘Oh God, not you as well. There aren’t any, before you start on that.’
‘No, no. Listen. You told me a few days ago that you thought phones turned everybody into a number. I didn’t think much about it at the time, but I think I can see now what you meant. It wasn’t that, was it – so much as the association of numbers with people, of seeing a name and not a number.’
‘I don’t follow you.’
‘Did you keep any list of contacts in your phone, at all?’
She shook her head. ‘No.’
He nodded. ‘No. Because Robert would find them and know who had called you. So you just dialled numbers the whole time.’ 
 Yes, that was something.
He said, ‘Helen, I think we need to go back a little. I think I’ve been wrong about something, something important. You lost your phone that day in Broadstairs, didn’t you? When you were drunk.’
She nodded.
He said, ‘Do you think it might have been stolen?’
‘Stolen? Oh no. I wouldn’t have thought so. It was just a crappy old thing.’
He said, ‘Did you keep any details on it? That could have been traced?’
She shook her head. ‘I didn’t dare. Robert would have found them.’
And there, just there, it all clicked back into place – only in different places. He had it wrong. All wrong.
He looked out of the window. His thoughts swam away into the far reaches of the darkness. All that was left were two thin lines of pain, one across his bottom lip and one vertically running between his eyes and down his nose. He imagined them like cross hairs on the sight of a rifle, red lines that made him a target. He looked back across at her. He should ask more now, of course: about Broadstairs, and how the phone was lost, and then beyond that lots of questions about the disappearance of that girl and the men who came to look for her. There was so much to ask. There was too much to ask. He wondered momentarily about his mistake; he wondered if Solly Martins would be alive if he hadn’t made it.
She said, ‘I’d better go home now. I can’t put it off forever.’
He said, ‘I haven’t told you about Imogen.’
‘No.’
‘And besides, you can’t go home. Not tonight, not like this. I would worry for you, for your safety.’
‘I can deal with Robert.’
‘Not tonight.’
She didn’t answer that, just looked down at her lap; and then the tears came again, through closed lids, unstoppable.
He said, ‘You’re not going home, not like this.’
She dug into her bag and pulled out a tissue and dabbed her eyes. When she emerged her face looked puffy and red. She had been through the ringer.
After a while she said, ‘You said a moment ago that you hadn’t told me about Imogen, yet. You have, though. And I’ve told you. You’re wrong. There’s no way Robert could be involved with Imogen, absolutely no way at all.’
He said coolly, ‘There are other things to tell.’
‘Other things?’
The smile of Garbo and the scent of roses. Blue lines on a black canvas. A knife, hilt-deep in a man’s neck.
He said, ‘They can wait.’
She got out her make-up bag, and fumbled with it for a while. Then she flipped the mirror down on the sun visor and started putting her lipstick on. Her face was raw and her eyes looked like rivers of blood. When she was done with this she got out some blusher and did that routine, too. It was a joke. But nobody laughed.
When she had finished, she said, ‘Will you take me home?’
He put the key back in the ignition. ‘No.’
‘No?’
‘I’ll take you somewhere else, though. A hotel. A friend. Your parents.’
‘My parents? Now you’re the one who’s becoming Victorian.’
‘Well, you tell me.’
‘My sister lives in Gunnersbury Avenue. She’ll take me in. I can sleep on the sofa.’
‘Won’t she be a little surprised to see you?’
‘It won’t be the first time.’
‘Oh.’
She looked at him. ‘That’s right, you just say that. “Oh”. And you’ll go back to your wife and sleep easily until tomorrow.’
St Cloud said absently, ‘She’s not my wife,’ but as he said it he thought of Bonnie and he regretted saying it, almost immediately. 
She said, ‘Like that matters.’
He nodded.  That made sense. That made sense just like it always made sense when women said things like that. The only things that didn’t make sense were the momentary nature of existence, the shortness of breath, the manic desire to have everything, just for a moment. He didn’t expect anyone to empathise, least of all Helen Lees.  He turned the key, and the engine jumped into life.
He placed a hand on the stick, but before he moved it he said, without looking up, ‘Helen I have just a couple more questions. They might sound pretty stupid. But it would help me to know the answers.’
He hoped she might say “Shoot” but he was out of luck. Instead she said weakly, ‘What?’
‘First, the money Imogen left behind. How much was it?’
She said, ‘That’s a really weird thing to ask.’
He said, ‘I know. But it is important all the same.’
She tossed her head back. ‘I don’t really remember. Maybe fifty pounds. No more than that.’
He said, ‘Okay.’
‘Okay?’
‘Okay as in okay, that’ll do.’
‘It’s still an odd question.’
‘The next is even odder. At John’s party you said you used to work in an antiques shop. That’s right, isn’t it?’
‘Yes. But only for a while.’
‘Fine. A while is fine.’
‘What do you mean, a while is fine?’
‘I want to know something. Do you know what a Red Mercury is?’
She said, ‘No.’
‘Oh.’
‘But John will. He knows antiques inside out. Do you want me to call him?’
He bit back a nasty “No” and then thought it out. He put the car into gear and reversed in a wide arc across the street. ‘Yes, that’d be good. Thanks.’
‘Then give me your phone.’
Of course, she didn’t have one.
She went back to her bag and rummaged in it for a while before she came up with a diary. In the front were a hundred phone numbers, all written in a neat little hand, a million miles from those looping entries in the Dante Gardens index books. 
She dialled the number. St Cloud kept his eyes stuck fast on the road as he manoeuvred the car out of the lane, back to the main drag and then through the flashing lights and back to the A4. She said, ‘Okay’ and ‘right’ a couple of times and then cut the call.
He said, ‘John Antrobus always answers the phone to you whatever time of night?’
She said, ‘Like you’d care.’
‘Ask him if he knows where Imogen is?’
She shot him a venomous look. ‘Do you really think he knows, then?’
‘No,’ he admitted. ‘Well, anyway. Antrobus know his onions?’
‘He knows his Red Mercurys.’
‘And?’
She said provocatively, ‘You already know the answer, don’t you?’
He looked in the mirror, then out to the road. ‘Humour me.’
‘Well,’ she said. ‘It’s a kind of postage stamp.’
He nodded and said, ‘Yes. I thought it might be.’


Bonnie said, ‘A woman came to see you today.’
St Cloud said, ‘Yadder yadder yadder. Fuckable nice?’
‘It was your Miss Keppel.’
‘That’s a no, then. What did she want?’
‘She’s been expecting something. A report from you.’
He gaped. ‘Is that some kind of joke?’
‘No.’
‘I’m amazed. No. I’m astounded.’
‘Aren’t they the same thing?’
‘I don’t know. I’ve always thought “astounded” carried more weight. You can almost hear it in the middle of the word, like a big sandbag hitting you somewhere between the “s” and the “d”.’
‘You’re ridiculous.’
‘So you never tire of telling me.’
‘Actually it wasn’t her. It was the other one – the old one.’
‘Now I’m even more astounded. Such that I don’t have a word for it.’
‘Shocked?’
‘That sounds too Windmill Theatre 1930s. Are you saying Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd came to see me? I’m surprised she could get out of that chair.’
‘No. The other one did. Keppel.’
‘But you said – ’
‘But she’s the one who wanted the report. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd.’
‘Then,’ he said magnificently, ‘she can whistle.’
Bonnie said acidly, ‘Which is more than you can do, with that swollen lip.’
He tutted. ‘Do you know, ever since you learned to click your fingers you’ve become unbearably smug regarding party tricks. Anyway, she really can whistle. I have been through quite enough the last couple of days, without suffering another blast of that fire and more of the terrible twosome being stretchy with the truth.’
‘Stretchy’s not a word.’
‘Yes it is. And if you ask me, it’s a particularly good one. Unlike many words it needs no explanation. That’s why they don’t feel they have to put it in the dictionary.’
She sighed and kissed the top of his head. ‘Why do you always have to get beaten up?’
‘Because I’m always defending your honour.’
‘I mean it. Why?’
‘Because your honour takes a battering, and I like to stand in the way.’
She stroked his hair. ‘You’re a nightmare.’
He leant back. She sat on his lap, on the sofa in the sitting room, the skin on her thigh a little cold to the touch under the dressing gown. Outside the rain pelted down and covered the once-dusty city in dirty water.
He said, ‘What did she really want, my Miss Keppel?’
Bonnie said, ‘I told you. A report.’
‘I thought you were joking about that part.’
‘I never joke about your work.’
‘You think my work is a joke.’
‘I’ve never said that.’
‘You’ve never needed to.’
That ended that. It always did.


Earl’s Court was all dripping gutters and grey waves. People wore raincoats: small, bullet-headed men wore long beige ones, which swept to the floor and hid their pinstripes by day and their drunkenness by night. Forty-something women wore hideous blue ones with wide belts, from below which peeped white skirts and stockingless cricket bats of legs. And there were umbrellas: old men tapped them on the floor like rifles, young girls took them out of handbags and removed the covers like the condoms on their spit-shallow men; people flooding in to the station held them in front like shields and shook them out so that little rivulets of rainwater ran in crazy treasure maps across the floor. All of these coats and umbrellas and all of these people and all of this water made noise, a kind of husky swishing sound that added nothing and interrupted everything. And when he got out to the street, it was very different to last Sunday: horns honked and brakes whined, old men hung in doorways and used the Evening Standard to stop the drizzle striking their pates, chav queens hurried from shop to shop, with huge pink handbags and gold sandals out of an am-dram Up Pompeii revival. And everybody finally remembered who they were and what they were meant to be doing, now that the savage little summer was over.
Miss Keppel opened the door. She wore the same clothes as last time, and the time before that. She had the usual neutral expression on her face, but this only lasted for a second or two, for as he stepped into the light of the hallway light she emitted a short gasp. He had patched up what he could but it was never going to be pretty, it was always going to be blue bruises and red scratches and not much like art. 
She said, ‘Oh – I say. Are you all right?’
He said, ‘Fine.’
‘But your face – what on Earth can have happened – really – ’
‘I’m recovering from a little plastic surgery.’
‘Oh – oh – ’
‘The top guys are good, but the NHS are pretty clumsy with Botox.’
She searched his face, looking for an explanation; when there wasn’t one she took a step back in a kind of submission. He took another step into the hallway and she looked up at him a little tremulously. He said,
‘I came to deliver my report. That’s what Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd wanted, wasn’t it?’
‘Yes – ’ she hesitated.
‘Yes?’
‘Yes, that’s what Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd wanted.’
‘Oh. Good. We’re on the same page.’
‘You’d better come through.’
She turned and he followed her back through the hallway, past the little prison cell where Alice used to sleep, past the office where Alice wrote a lot of pointless things in flat index books, into the sitting room where Alice sat and simpered and caught Todd’s eye, Todd’s and everyone else’s. Maybe he should have asked Todd along, too; there were some questions to answer there, and not just about schoolboy haircuts and thumbscrews and fat wives. The fire was on, of course. Sitting in the chair in her usual place was Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd, looking as old and frail as ever. Today she wore a lot more pearls and a green cardigan and smock. He looked over at the empty chair opposite, half-expecting to see it occupied by Alice, or by the AC, or by somebody else summoned up by his fevered imagination. But it was empty. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd looked briefly up at him, and then her eyes went back to the fire. If she noticed that he was covered in bruises then she didn’t let on.
Miss Keppel said, ‘Can I get you anything, Mr St Cloud, a drink – ’
He’d have needed a straw.
‘No, I’ll not be long. I just came to report what I had found.’
Again the old woman’s eyes flickered towards him, and she said in that croaky voice, ‘I hope you don’t bring unwelcome tidings, Mr St Cloud.’
He gave her a stare, and said, ‘I bring tidings. You’ll have to decide how unwelcome they might be.’
That went down like a lead balloon.
Miss Keppel bumbled around them, refilling a glass for Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd, and St Cloud sat down in the empty armchair; he’d become pretty tired of waiting for invitations that weren’t going to come. The chair was hard and uncomfortable and the fire was nasty against his calves. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd shuffled uncomfortably in her chair and looked back at the fire. Hell, there must have been something good in that fire.
Miss Keppel said, ‘What Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd means, Mr St Cloud, is whether your news should in some way trouble her. You will recall she is most concerned for Alice’s safety and well-being.’
He clasped his hands together. ‘Well, now. That very much depends on what might trouble her, and to what degree. There are some things I might report about Alice that will trouble the lady immensely. They would trouble the Devil himself. And then there are things that will bring her some relief in her suffering.’
If they caught the ironic tone, neither of them let on. Miss Keppel placed her hands on her lap and said, ‘Well, perhaps we should have the reassuring news first, Mr St Cloud.’
‘Okay, fine.’ He leant forward. ‘Though actually I’d prefer us to start with the “don’t knows”. That’s probably the best place. Let’s get the big one out of the way, shall we? If you want to know where Alice is, then I’m afraid I can’t tell you. I don’t know where she is. That will come as a disappointment, I realise, since that’s actually what you paid me to do in the first place.’
They looked a little surprised and exchanged glances, as if for the first time they realised that the conductor wasn’t going to stick to the programme. Gratified, he continued:
‘Now comes the reassuring part. First, I haven’t spent your money, and I haven’t even cashed your cheque. And even better for you both, I don’t intend to, either.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘But – ’
He held up his hand, and cut her off like a mute button. 
‘It’s not unusual in modern business practice for an agent not to charge the client. For a start, there’s no win no fee. And I just told you I haven’t found Alice, so that’s definitely a no win. And there’s a whole different question, too. It’s not unusual or unreasonable for modern business people to reject their investments on – well, shall we say, an ethical basis. Gone are the days when you just made money out of arms to Iraq or chemicals to pollute the oceans. You might not want to buy diamond stocks if you don’t like what they do to diamond miners. And you might decide to sell all your oil company shares when they start serving up Louisiana wildfowl in a crude-oil jus.’
They didn’t bite about any of that, apart from a couple of little mouth twitches, and that might have been down to age, class and general awkwardness.
He said, ‘And so to Alice. She’s the reason we’re all here, after all. And here comes another slice of good news for you. I can tell you that she probably is fine and healthy, since I haven’t heard anything to the contrary about that, and I have particular reason to believe her physical capabilities – strength, reflexes, that kind of thing – are undimmed. As for her conduct, well – that’s a little trickier. There are issues.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Issues?’
‘Yes.’
The old woman looked at him, then shot a brief glance at Miss Keppel, and then went back to the fire. There was something in that triangle, some sense of fear.
St Cloud declared, ‘I guess this is where we identify the shortcuts. Otherwise we could be here all night. The first shortcut is that you don’t need to pretend that you want Alice back to write any more entries in any more index books. We can blow a hole in that. Our mutual acquaintance has filled me in on the details of why she was really here. The second shortcut is that you can desist from showing any interest in her welfare, since that one’s gone down as a whole heap of crap, too.’
Miss Keppel started. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd bit her old, wizened lip.
St Cloud said, ‘Which is all to the good, because I’m afraid that although I haven’t found Alice, what I have found is a lot of things out about her. And some of them are ugly. So let’s all get the monkey off our backs, shall we? You don’t have to pretend she’s your favourite girl or your lesbian slave or your long lost daughter, and I won’t pretend to think that you give a damn about her welfare, or her health, or anything other than doing favours for your creepy little sisterhood.’
They both started. Mrs Jermyn Lloyd wrinkled her nose. 
Miss Keppel said, ‘Really, Mr St Cloud, I’m not sure we need such a tone.’
‘Oh, actually I think we do.’
‘Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd is shocked.’
‘She’s still alive, so I can’t have been that rough.’
Miss Keppel’s jaw dropped. The old woman shot him a steely, hateful look. He returned it. All of them sat like this for a minute. Then he said roughly, 
‘A couple of nights ago, when I was drinking your scotch and going through your drawers, so to speak, and Todd and Lisbeth and Patrick and that flaming crazy Barbara were all here making whoopee, well – you all had me wondering what Alice Dolores is. Not who she is – though there’s enough in that one, already – but what she is. Is she a figment of your imaginations, this caterpillar in glasses who turned into a blonde butterfly? You’ll think I’m crazy but actually I had a proper, serious think about that, I can tell you – about whether she even exists. What did I really know about Alice? All everyone told me about her was that she was perfect. Perfect at her job. Perfect for a friend. A perfect little accounts girl. No doubt if I’d looked hard enough I’d have found someone to tell me she gives perfect piano recitals and perfect blow-jobs. She fitted in everywhere like a glove, you see. It’s almost as if you all summoned here to be what you want, and she became it – just what you were looking for. It isn’t me saying that. It’s you and everyone else she meets. That’s what they tell me. Well I found a little chink in her perfection, yesterday evening. Want to hear about it?’
They didn’t say yes, but they didn’t say no, either.
So he said gamely, ‘I found out she’d stuck a knife into the neck of a man called Martins.’
Miss Keppel emitted a cry. She brought a hand to her mouth. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s eyes stretched. 
He looked between them and said matter of factly, ‘I’d been looking for the fellow since Saturday afternoon. And I didn’t find him until Tuesday evening. Which just goes to show what our mutual acquaintance didn’t tell you: actually I’m pretty slack at finding people, and when I do they tend to end up dead and no use to anybody.’
He crossed his legs and looked back at his audience.
They looked pretty sour, Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd biting her lip, and Miss Keppel still with a fat hand in front of her mouth.
He waited.
They would have to say something. They were old school. Old school don’t deal in pauses.
It was Miss Keppel who broke the silence.
‘Are you saying this man – this man is dead?’
‘Yes. I am.’
‘And Alice – you can’t really think – surely – ’
‘You think it was the butler? Oh no, it was Alice, I assure you. Not only was there the trace of her charming perfume; her earring came off in the struggle and fell on to the floor. There were bloodstains under her desk and on the wall behind it, where she’d tried to wipe it off. And there were marks on the floor where she’d managed to drag him through a door and into the next factory unit before leaving him to go to compost amongst a lot of cardboard boxes. I’m afraid I don’t know, Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd, whether he leaves a brave widow and any orphans. He might not be any interest to you, since he didn’t wear a uniform or epaulettes, but all I can say is this. He seemed a decent kind of a man to me. And I don’t meet so many of that kind.’
The old woman didn’t rise to it. Miss Keppel looked away from St Cloud and at the other woman. There was a look of horror on her face, horror laced with something else: she looked at Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd like Himmler looked at Hitler or Hardy looked at Laurel.
As if to say: there, see what you have done.
St Cloud crossed his legs and continued,
‘I had a text message from this Martins on Saturday afternoon no more than a couple of hours before he was killed. It told me that Alice had gone into work. That, by the way, was an unedifying railway arch in Hammersmith. Sometime after that text message was sent she had an argument in a mezzanine office with a big fat tool who worked there. He wanted frolics and she wanted space. In the end she told him to disappear, and told him she was quitting her job. He stormed out. What happened next is less clear. We have no facts. All we have are indications. And the indications are that Martins slipped into the place, and then came across Alice doing something that led him to say, “That’s funny” and then led her to stick a big knife in the side of his neck.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘My God.’
St Cloud replied, ‘He really does work in mysterious ways.’
The old woman looked at him unblinking. Her eyes were full of blood.
St Cloud continued, ‘Which leads me to the inevitable question. What the hell could have made Martins so interested that he wanted to climb up to a mezzanine office to investigate, and what the hell made Alice so alarmed that she felt her only course of action was to plunge a knife into his neck?’
Miss Keppel cried, ‘But she couldn’t have.’
‘She did.’
‘She was a good girl. She must have been afraid of him.’
‘She was afraid of something, all right. But not the lugubrious Mr Martins. I remembered that conscientious girl working on your archive, Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. I also remembered all those things everyone said about her, about how she was so perfect and so right and how she fitted in so damned well. Two things struck me. First – you were all lying your heads off. And second, you were all mightily wrong about her.’
They looked at him.
He said, ‘You’re not alone. I was wrong, too. We can talk about the mistakes we all made in a minute. But first let’s go back to the part about you all lying your heads off. It would be a shame to miss it, since it’s a lot more fun than the other.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Stop, Mr St Cloud.’
‘Stop?’
‘Yes, stop.’ She closed her eyes, and then opened them again. ‘You bring us shocking news. We really can do without this – this insolent tone. It is thoroughly inappropriate. Such news should be delivered to us – to Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd – with decency and sensitivity. Not with crude suggestions and unpleasant language.’
He clapped his hands. ‘Bravo.’ 
‘Really – ’
The old woman said bitterly, ‘Oh, just let him say what he will say. He will insist we hear it, I am sure.’
‘Yes,’ he said. ‘Yes, I will insist.’
He shuffled in his chair.
‘Alice Dolores wasn’t a fantasy, or an avatar, or a metaphor. She was real. But she wasn’t a friend, or a filing clerk, or an accounts girl, either. And much as it will disappoint my former boss, she isn’t autistic or dyslexic or dysfunctional; she certainly isn’t the dumb witness she’s made out to be. No. The truth is prosaic. Isn’t it always? The truth – that much less elegant truth – is this. Are you ready?’
They didn’t say they weren’t, so he said:
‘Alice Dolores is a thief.’
There was silence. 
Then Miss Keppel said, ‘A thief?’
‘That’s all she ever was and if you ask me, that’s all she’ll ever be.’
The old woman looked at him now, a confused, troubled look.
He said, ‘Oh, don’t get me wrong – she isn’t a thief by design. It most certainly isn’t her career. She doesn’t appear to even benefit from it. And if we ever get a chance to ask her – which I doubt we will – then I’m sure we’ll find out she doesn’t actually want to be a thief. Perhaps the word “thief” is wrong. Perhaps we should use “kleptomaniac”. I think she has some inbuilt psychological response that tells her to steal things. Not big things, not important things. Just things.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘This is ridiculous, Mr St Cloud. Alice did not steal. She was a good girl. We would have noticed.’
He turned to her. ‘You people are amazing. If you’re in the club, then you’re in the club – aren’t you?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean, even you, Miss Keppel – you who must have seethed with jealousy at her being here, at every kindly word from that old girl by the fire aimed at this little piece of nothingness – even you want to write her a hagiography. Didn’t I just tell you, she knifed a man in the neck. A decent man. And now you tell me she was little Shirley Temple.’
Miss Keppel said grimly, ‘No. You’re wrong. I tell you, I would have noticed.’
‘I don’t doubt you. You watched her like a hawk. But that’s the point. I don’t think she steals the whole time. I think she resists it. God knows what that’s like, but I’ll bet it’s some kind of utter hell the rest of us can’t begin to imagine. And then, when she can’t resist any more, she steals something – well, then she has to deal with the consequences. And Alice’s way of dealing with them, it seems to me, is to get the hell out of wherever she is and not come back.’
He switched back to the old woman. She still looked at him unwaveringly.
‘You see, that’s the answer to that question I posed a few minutes back, before you all got so hot under the collar. That’s what Solly Martins caught her doing, late on Saturday afternoon, about to quit her job and not come back: he caught her opening a cupboard and removing something – probably just some printer cartridges. And that’s why, in her fevered emotional state, having given in to these dark and terrible urges, she struck him dead. Who knows, he might be the first person in her whole life who actually caught her at it. It must have been like being found with your trousers down or in bed with the bellboy or playing five knuckle shuffle with your daddy’s copy of Hustler. And poor old Martins got it in the neck – literally.’
 Miss Keppel closed her eyes. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd didn’t.
He continued: ‘But we shouldn’t be surprised. For that’s how all of this started, this is how you two got to play pretend prison with your own little housemate. You know the basic facts, of course. Alice worked at a shop in Bayswater for a man called Talamnaabi. One can only imagine how tough it was to resist her klepto feelings working there, with all those nice things on the shelf just waiting to be picked up and put into her handbag. And then one night when she really couldn’t resist it any longer she came back after the shop had closed up, turned on the lights, and took £45 out of the till. This is why I say that Alice wasn’t greedy. There was a few hundred quid, maybe a thousand in there. And she took £45. No sooner has she slipped it in her pocket then something crazy happens. She gets followed in to the shop by a couple of cracked-up boys with guns who can’t believe their luck in finding the place open and only our Alice guarding the place. And then the cavalry arrive and a couple of boys in blue get slaughtered. The rest is the stuff of the papers.’
Miss Keppel cried, ‘No – Alice couldn’t – the robbers took that money.’
He shook his head. ‘No. She did.’
‘But – ’
‘Look at the facts. The shop was open when it shouldn’t have been. Alice was there when she shouldn’t have been. She never told anybody why, even when they got doctors and policewomen to pretend to be her friends. How could she admit that? This is her great, dark secret. You say it was the robbers. Well, how? The till was some super thing that nobody could open without the codes. And even if they did, why? Why would they take £45? Why not the whole grand? Or better still, why not nothing, nothing at all – given what they did to Hollis and his friend and the fallout. No. They would disappear at speed, just like they did. And this is academic. I know she took that money. I know it because she brought it back.’
Miss Keppel said, ‘Back?’
‘Oh, didn’t I tell you? Alice doesn’t keep anything she steals. She brings it back. She’s awfully good like that; it seems to be part of her condition, some sort of guilt response. Only the rub is this: she doesn’t bring the thing back to where she took it from.’
‘I don’t know what you mean.’
‘She brings it back somewhere else. The £45 from the till, for example, she left on the side of her bedroom in a flat in Swiss Cottage, a flat that belonged to a girl called Helen Lees. I could tell you a lot about Helen Lees. Mostly I could tell you that like you two, Helen Lees took Alice in and gave her a roof. Only unlike you two, Helen Lees didn’t keep her prisoner or feed her on bread and water or report back to the knitting circle about how she was doing.’
The Keppel cried: ‘Enough!’
‘Alice left there all of a sudden, too – and not empty-handed, either. The last day they spent together was at the seaside. And somehow whilst they were there, the old curse struck and she stole Helen’s bag and removed her phone. And then, of course, she brought that back, too. Only this time it was me that found it. You might want to ask where.’
They didn’t. So he said,
‘I found it in a little hole in the wall in that box room of yours where you kept the poor girl in misery for weeks. Me being the clumsy fool I am, I thought it must be Alice’s phone. And I thought the impassioned messages on that phone must have been meant for Alice, and that the photos on it were taken by Alice. I was wrong on all counts. Of course I was. The photos were of Helen, because it was her phone. And the messages were for Helen too, from her husband. And everything else had been wiped by Helen, because the husband is a psycho and it was just a lot easier that way. Having stolen the phone, all Alice ever did was use it to make one single call, to fix up her next job.’
There was a pause, and then Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd said: ‘I have something to ask you.’
‘Well, be – ’
She cut him dead.
‘But before I do I want to say something.’
He said, ‘Be my guest.’
‘You think you have the answers. You think because you are young and loud, then you will be listened to. Well, we do not have to listen to you. We can close our ears to you. Do you hear me, Mr St Cloud? We close our ears to you. And we will thank you to go and leave us. Before you do, I have one question. If you are so sure of your diagnosis, then what, pray, do you allege that Alice stole from me?’
St Cloud said, amusedly, ‘You don’t know, then?’
Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd said sagely, in a little voice, barely audible: ‘Oh, I know. She stole my heart.’
St Cloud laughed and said clapped his hands. ‘Bullshit,’ he said.
The old woman looked back venomously. 
He said: ‘Oh will you two please cut this out once and for all? Man alive. It’s hard to keep up. You didn’t take any special liking to her, Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd. You people don’t know how. No, you saw her as an opportunity. An opportunity to help out your friend, my former employer, to scratch a back. Sounds grubby, doesn’t it? Well, that’s what it was. You probably still think you did her a favour. Actually you all kept her a prisoner, a girl with a mental illness and more grief in her life than you can imagine. All of you are guilty. None of you give a flying fuck about her, not really.’
The Keppel said, ‘Really’ and ‘this is an outrage’ a couple of times, which didn’t change much.
St Cloud said blithely, ‘Actually she did steal something from you. Something very tiny from you, so you should be grateful for small mercies. She could have walked off with anything. In fact she stole the very smallest thing you own.’
‘Which is?’
‘A postage stamp: a “Red Mercury”.’
Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd cried, ‘What?’
‘You want proof, you look at the last entry she made in that index book. It says 3 stamps instead of 4. I thought that was just a mistake. I didn’t know Alice well enough, then. The only mistakes she makes are the ones that she wants to. One of those 4 went in her pocket. I understand if the Red Mercury is a used one, it’s worth a few hundred quid. However, I would expect nothing less of your collection than an unused one. In which case it’s worth about twenty-five thousand pounds.’
The old woman emitted a small shriek. Miss Keppel turned to her and said, ‘Really, don’t upset yourself, it’s only – ’
The old woman spat, ‘That damned little parasite.’
St Cloud said cheerfully, ‘Yes. I rather thought you’d see it like that.’
‘You said – you said she didn’t do it for gain – you said – ’
‘She didn’t. Let’s be clear. 25K isn’t a lot of money to you, but probably means a lot, and it is a lot of money to Alice, but probably means nothing.’
‘But – ’
‘And like everything else, she brought it back. Only not to you, of course. I told you, that isn’t how it works. She brought it back somewhere else.’
Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd croaked, ‘Where, then?’
‘Well, I’m not exactly sure, now. But if you want it back I suggest you buy a computer, learn how to use the Internet, then Google “Chepstow Financial” or “BLX” or some other firm she wrote to that last Saturday before she was interrupted. That’s if the Royal Mail put it through the system. Otherwise it’s sitting in some post office, waiting to be returned somewhere. And a little like Alice herself, well, one can only guess at its fate.’
He got up. Mrs Jermyn-Lloyd’s eyes burned into him. Miss Keppel sat open-mouthed, her head shaking a little. He walked to the door. This time nobody followed him out to say goodbye.


Outside the storms had washed away everything that the past fortnight had stood for: the swagger of the city. Shorn of these this, the populus was reduced to their terrified, shivering core: they scuttled, bent, hunched; collectively they mutated back into what they had always been: plain blonde women who wheeled their smug preoccupations behind them along with their square little suitcases; tall, very black men with non-matching jackets and trousers and earnest books about Christianity; bland young shavers who, now that the summer was over, clutched their women close like coconut-shy prizes and showed them to the city like they would show them to their mothers. And in amongst them weaved the deflated talk of what phone to buy and what broadband to buy and what washing powder to pour into your machine, or your stomach if things got very desperate. In the cold tin shed of Earl’s Court Station he watched this pas de deux until then decided he’d had enough, so he took that harbinger of rational things, the District Line, back to the Embankment and then switched to the grubby Bakerloo.
At the Elephant the clouds threatened, darker still.
He came out of the station, past the paper pushers and the take away joints and the bus queues. The Ghanaians were still slapping the backs of other Ghanaians, many long months after that single goal past Serbia amid the Pretoria sky and the vuvuzelas. He ducked around them. He kept to the curve and rounded the shopping centre, and passed under the bridge and that giant finger pointing into the sky. He passed his favourite four-in-the-morning places: Chatkhara, Ivory Arch, the Castle Hotel – the bums and their chums, the album covers that never were. At the edge of the fading Heygate he stopped and threw a glance up at the clouds behind him. Framed in front of them, atop the world like the perch of a raven, stood the open platforms of the overground railway and a smattering of Sunday drifters bound for Peckham Rye and Denmark Hill, waiting aimlessly for the stopping train, the “rattler”, notorious for nothing. At the far end of the platform, leaning over the wall and looking out at the grey Heygate, was a girl. She leant with her elbows out in little triangles, her hair of indeterminate colour swirling above her in the gusts of wind. St Cloud looked closer. She might have been 5’3”, and she might have been size 8, and she might have lived in a box and fought for her weaknesses. She turned her body to the side and looked down the road, and then back to the estate again. She appeared to be looking at him; for a moment he fancied that she held his gaze, nodded understanding.
Behind her the flat screen of the train pulled smoothly across, bringing her from the dark to the light, framing her in steel and glass. She put a hand to eyes, as if to look more closely down in his direction. And then in the next moment she had turned and boarded, and was gone. He continued to watch as the train left the station and pulled away, off to wend its way through South London and out to the valleys where the rest of Britain starts and ends.
And so she would move on, that troubled girl, like a ghost - to another town, to another place, to another world. Maybe when she got there she would discard the printer cartridges; and then maybe she would steal something else. Maybe even another life.
He turned and walked on. The sky was beginning to darken.


THE END


Michael St Cloud will return in “Year of the rat”




Also by the same author and available at all major online book retailers:

Filthy Night



“He looked down at the dead man’s blood seeping across the carpet, and decided it wasn’t time for cocktails.”

A stormy night: Paul Brightland needs a specialist to find the men who attacked his daughter. St Cloud needs Brightland’s money and a chance to forget his troubles. But as he is dragged into London's underworld, he discovers those troubles are only just beginning...

“CSI meets noir in London’s underbelly… a roller-coaster ride”




Death of a Messenger



"He sat on the carpet and smoked a cigarette. He had smelt a lot of rotten money, and it had made him sick. He had found and lost a gun, which might or might not have shot somebody in the head. And his mouth tasted of blood and of a woman who wasn’t his. It had been a hell of a day."

Clarissa Daniels has a missing flash drive and too little money to pay a blackmailer. St Cloud has time on his hands and a couple of questions he wants answered, including why she tells a lot of lies, and why someone would want to shoot a man in the head. Especially one who was already dead...

"The Big Sleep for the CSI generation"


Contact the author by email
williamzanzinger@hotmail.co.uk


Back to contents
