Lessons in the Dark



By
Melissa Hudson
 Melissa Hudson

Copyright 2012 Melissa Hudson

Smashwords


Prologue

It is a mild day in April and gossip-hungry tourists head for the carved walnut doors leading to the public gallery of the court in central Guildford. Those summoned as witnesses shrug off their coats inside the entrance to the great hall, a few fidgeting and rolling their shoulders. Expectant looks on their faces, some appear uncomfortable in their smart attire.
Journalists gather outside the forbidding stone building as court personnel bustle past and a photographer stands back to capture a shot of the scales of justice, balanced atop the court’s towering dome.  
As jury members file in to swear their oaths, we wait outside; two women sitting next to each other on an unforgiving wooden bench. Hands intertwined and united in disbelief, our hollow eyes flick across the austere facade of the court building and settle in unison on a lone male approaching the entrance.
I, Narelle Fielding, am the pale, anxious-looking woman in my mid-30s with mousy, shoulder length hair.  Sitting beside me, leaning over as if to prop me up, is twenty-two year old Kirsten Taylor.  A stranger to me six months ago, I glance sideways at her olive skin and dark molasses eyes realising that now, having committed acts over the past few months that I barely even consider to be human, she is all that is holding me together.
The man, a handsome sort in his late thirties, has lines of anxiety etched onto his forehead and his immaculately cut suit is formal, matching his expression. Fitting, I muse, releasing Kirsten’s hand from my own and shifting in my seat, taking in his dark jacket with matching, sombre tie. In dressing solemnly, he is acknowledging that our lives are about to change forever. My husband always knew how to dress to fit the occasion, one of his attributes that I couldn’t possibly fault.
I incline my head in an effort to catch his attention but he keeps his focus on the mosaic arch adorning the entrance to the building, too focussed on the action he is about to take to meet my searching eyes. Running his fingers over the top of his hair as he walks, he stares ahead with a look of steely determination. Secretly I am envious of his containment.
‘I’m not sure I can bear this,’ Kirsten whispers in my direction with a clipped pronunciation in such stark contrast to the accent of the girl I first met months earlier, it takes me by surprise. She reaches out for my hand and I take hers, gripping tightly. 
‘We have to,’ I answer simply, knowing now that there is no other way.
 She shrugs her thin shoulders. There was a time when I found her brusque body language infuriating. Now I feel a motherly longing to chase away the helplessness she tries to hide away. ‘We’ll get through it, Kirsten. Life will be different, that’s all.’
She nods, biting down on her lip to stop the tears. Standing, I leave her alone and head for the court, wishing I could have found the words to express how sorry I was. Glancing towards my husband as I walk into court room 7, I cannot believe the events that led us to this wood-panelled chamber. I notice Mark’s set expression as I take my place beside him and know that nothing will deter him now; he is prepared to change our family forever.
Despite his recent disturbing behaviour I realise that, ironically, I love him more now than ever before. I remember reading somewhere that romantic love only lasts long enough to nurture a newborn baby from infancy to toddlerhood. In that case Mark and I exceeded nature’s expectations. I can’t remember when the gaping hole in our relationship first appeared. But as I watch the judge approaching his bench it’s almost too ironic for me to acknowledge that there is no longer a void.
The difficulties in our marriage seemed to creep up on us slowly, like the dangerous rays of mid-summer sun, masked by a gentle breeze. By the time I had noticed the change it was too late; I’d already fallen prey to its effects.
And plummeted blindly into a passionate relationship with someone else.
I didn’t want it to happen. As I wring a tissue through my hands in this historic courtroom, I am filled with anguished regret, remembering how badly I first wanted my husband. A family. How, at times, when I was younger, I never dared to hope it would happen for me. 
With butterflies in my stomach, I sit ready to promise anything to hold on to the family I love so much.

Chapter One
Six Months Earlier
Narelle

The July sun hung low over the sandy track of Epsom Downs racecourse, shallow imprints of horseshoes reflecting golden under a clear blue sky. Spring had been slow in making its retreat and I felt grateful for the warm breeze bringing the first promise of a decent summer across the Downs as I stood at the open window, washing up.
My friend, Louisa, sat on a stool at the breakfast bar in my open plan kitchen, an early glass of wine held delicately between her French polished nails. 
‘I don’t understand how you can even consider it,’ she said, taking a sip of Sancerre and leaving a trace of rose-blush lipstick on the rim of the glass. ‘It’s hard enough having to look after your own children without an au-pair. I don’t know how you manage it, darling, honestly I don’t. If I didn’t have Tatiana to help me with Thomas and Darcy I’d need a year in the Priory, minimum. Why on earth would you want someone else’s little brats around?’
I turned and stifled a grin as I caught a glimpse of my friend’s painted lips, curled at one corner in disdain. Louisa, bless her, was the wife of a professional footballer. Denver was a striker with Millwall so she wasn’t quite up with the higher echelons of Wagdom but close enough to enjoy the benefits of a shiny new Land Rover on the drive of her two million pound house.
The truth was, I had always felt an inner compulsion to do something worthwhile.  A cliché, I know, but I felt compelled to give something back. Fostering made sense on a practical level. It was the perfect job to fit around my own children and since they were both pupils at a prestigious local forest school, I felt it would be good for them to learn that, unlike their school mates, not every family in England could boast a hot tub in their back garden and a second home somewhere in the south of France.
But deep down I suspected that I was drawn towards troubled children because my soul was crying out, sub-consciously searching for a way of healing itself. Despite my rather privileged existence, I felt like an outsider, whichever circles I mixed in. Whether it was the neighbours, the yummy-mummies at school or the people I worked with, I never felt like I measured up. The children I was planning to care for would probably do as much to take away my own pain as I could ever do for them.
I was tempted to tell Louisa that.
But I didn’t. Instead, my eyes swept across the room, where a tiny light flickered on my mobile phone. Tingling minutely, I pulled my rubber gloves off and drifted towards the handset. The glow from the continually flashing screen cast my fingers in a pale blue light as I slipped it casually inside the ‘man’ drawer beside me. I noticed the display - three text messages and five missed calls. 
A longing to share my secret with someone else passed through my chest. I glanced towards Louisa, but my lips went suddenly dry. 
I had friends who favoured opening up about their problems. One had spent a small fortune in therapy but as far as I could tell it was a waste of money – she seemed to be more consumed by self-pity and misery than ever before. I couldn’t help but think she would have been better off accepting that life wasn’t perfect and taking herself and her children off to Florida for a few weeks. It was true that the early death of my parents had left me with an irrational fear of abandonment, and yes, I believe I did enter into a recent bizarre illicit relationship as a knee-jerk response to the conviction that my husband was going to leave me. I knew it was a disastrous move but also understood what drove me to it; I didn’t need a professional to spell it out for me. And I certainly didn’t want all the mums at school whispering about it over a Danish pastry in the coffee shop.
‘I mean, are they going to behave do you think? Can you send them back if they don’t?’
I laughed out loud then, and Louisa gave me an offended look.
‘I’m just looking out for you, darling.  You know how draining children can be. What does Mark say about it all?’
I cringed inwardly, the smile frozen on my face. 
How could I have told Louisa, lead ‘shiny’ mum and chief gossip monger, the truth about my marriage? Perhaps it would have been better to get it all out in the open there and then. Maybe the shock on her made-up face would have been enough to stop it all getting so terribly out of hand.
But without the benefit of foresight, I didn’t grab the opportunity for events to take a different turn.
‘He thinks it’s a good idea, as long as he can watch Match of the Day in peace,’ I answered, pulling the gloves back on and returning to the sink.
Louisa gave a derisory snort and ran her fingers through her hair, the golden tresses glinting amber in the afternoon sun. The scent of lavender floated on the breeze and through the window, embracing my skin with a delicate warmth. The garden was fragrant and luminous with the arrival of summer and once again I felt swept away with the conviction that I was merely drifting between past seasons and those that were to come. Sometimes I worried that I might lose myself in the transition.
Fumbling around beneath the soapy water for the last of the cutlery, I remembered Mark’s initial reluctance to register with the local authority and my own desperation to convince him that it would be a positive life change, for all of us. As each year passed, the yearning to foster had become as insistent as hunger. It was as if the fragments of my own life, scattered since the early death of my parents, might somehow come together if I heeded my primal need to nurture other lost souls. I knew that in some way I was still anchored to the night I had lost my mother, frozen by the impact of such a heavy loss.
‘Coo-e-e-e...’ Louisa waved a heavily perfumed wrist in front of me. ‘Darling, are you alright? You look... sad.’
‘Sorry.’ I tilted my head and flicked my rubber gloves off again, lowering them gently to the worktop. ‘I’m fine. Miles away. Do you fancy some tea?’
Crossing the kitchen, I picked the kettle up with a strange sense of distance, unaware of Louisa’s answer. I knew she was chattering away about something or other but found concentrating impossible. For a moment, as I turned on the tap, I wondered what my mother would have made of my life, as it was now. Stilled by a sudden sadness, I comforted myself with the certain knowledge that she would approve of my intention to foster.
To be honest, I was daunted by the prospect of other children in the house, whose manners might fall short of the minimum threshold we were accustomed to. Mark had been difficult to convince at first. Being a disciplinarian, he worried that the foster children would be feral. ‘I deal with enough scroats at work, Narelle, I don’t want to come home to them as well.’ 
I had assured him that our own children would not be adversely affected, in terms of their behaviour. Besides, it was my husband who had insisted that I find a way to bring more money into the home. 
Fees for the rather idyllic private school in the salubrious nearby village of Kingswood, otherwise known as the land of milk and honey, were on the rise every year. Mark resented the best part of 25K a year going towards an education we could get for free but I felt it was important to give our children the best opportunities we could. Fostering would enable me to be a stay-at-home mum on a go-out-to-work salary and fulfil my vocation.
Once again, for a split second, I considered interrupting Louisa’s inane banter and opening my heart to her. It was tempting, but then, everything seemed to come so easy for her. Her idea of deprivation was if the nearest Cath Kidston store were unable to provide a home delivery service. I myself was well practiced in the art of keeping up with the Joneses, or rather, the Kennedy-Hewitts’. All our furniture came from John Lewis and the weekly shop from Waitrose. Still, I was humble enough to acknowledge that feeling embarrassment at being a mother who ‘had’ to work was shameful in itself.
‘Mark’s so good isn’t he?’ She trilled, craning her head to peer into the garden where our children were messing around on the grass. We both had one of each and Louisa’s youngest, Thomas, shared a love of sport with Adam so they were often keen to get together. Of course, Adam preferred it when we were invited to the Connolly’s house as their garden was the size of a football pitch, but for some unfathomable reason, Louisa loved coming to me.  I don’t think she intended to be patronising but she referred to our large 1930’s semi as ‘tiny and cosy’.
Louisa’s daughter, at fifteen, was turning into a proper mini-me, enough for my tomboy Bethany to avoid her like the plague. I stopped washing up for a moment and gazed out into the garden. Darcy sat perched delicately on a blanket next to our tumble-down fence, manicuring her nails and Bethany lounged on the spiky, weed-ridden grass on the other side of the garden, her face hidden by a chunky hard-back book.
‘I wish Denver were a bit more like Mark. All he does these days after training is fall asleep in front of the TV. He never lifts a finger to help. I’m left to do everything.’
Yes, it must be exhausting rolling off the ‘to-do’ list to Tatiana, I thought, forcing a cheery smile and topping up Louisa’s glass, trying to distract her attention from the insistent chirp of my Blackberry.
One moment of weakness, when I had forgotten all of my responsibilities and allowed loneliness to take over, was haunting me with a vengeance. A stupid mistake and now Chris was refusing to leave me alone. But he had never called so many times in such a short period of time. I guessed he must have been hoping to talk to me before Mark got back. 
My throat closed tight. Part of me was tempted to ignore it, but what if there was something badly wrong? It would be impossible to find an excuse to pop out and call Chris during the evening. ‘Well, I think I’d better start preparing dinner. Mark will be back in a minute,’ I announced, taking a baking tray from the oven and hoping Louisa would take the hint.
‘Good. I haven’t seen Mark for ages. Hey, I forgot to tell you about Anna.’ 
I recognised the familiar glint in her eyes and my heart sank. 
‘You won’t believe it, really, darling you won’t.’
I dropped my head for a moment, not knowing how to reply. All that was in my mind was trying to get her to leave the house as quickly as possible. If I asked a single question or showed a glimmer of interest she would go on for hours. Once Louisa got started on the misfortunes and inadequacies of other women there was no stopping her.
‘I hadn’t heard,’ I called out behind me as I pottered to the fridge and removed a pack of sausages. ‘But I’ve always thought Anna was okay.’ 
Louisa fell silent, unnerved and puzzled by my lack of solidarity. Her face contorted and she hesitated for a moment before launching into her excited chatter with renewed vigour. Edging close to losing patience I closed my eyes, wondering why some women felt the need to out-do others in some kind of mindless competition. 
Regular meetings were held at the school coffee shop, a venue opened by the PA so that those stressed out by trials and tribulations of the morning school-run would have a safe haven in which to lower their adrenaline levels before they attempted the perilous journey back home. Hours were whittled away by competitive mothers gloating about their children’s achievements, bolstering their success as wives and mothers.  If I ever allowed myself to be dragged along for a coffee I tried to tune out of it.  Besides, I knew as a wife I was a complete and utter failure. As for my children, though I love them dearly, I was never ignorant to their faults and I felt no compulsion to brag about their many attributes either.  My love for Bethany and Adam did not, thankfully, blind me to the value of other children. I resisted the temptation to slip my hands under Louisa’s arms and drag her towards the door.
‘Okay?’ she asked, incredulous. ‘Anna is certainly not, ‘okay’, as you put it. Naz, when are you going to give up being so charitable towards people who don’t deserve it?’ If Louisa didn’t get gossip off her chest as soon as she thought of it she was in danger of self-combustion. I could hear the excitement in her voice as she explained that Anna, having grown tired of her husband lusting after the endless stream of au-pairs they employed, took the radical step of taking a young Spanish male in his early twenties into their home.
Richard, deliriously happy with the old style ménage, immediately resented the new arrangement. For a few weeks he reluctantly put up with Jose’s mild flirting and Anna’s sudden interest in make-up, ‘but,’ Louisa trilled, ‘poor Richard came home early from work the other evening and caught the wretched Spaniard blatantly undressing Anna in their new bathroom. They’d only just got it fitted, darling. Top of the range, all from Moben. It’s simply awful. And you won’t believe what excuse she came out with...’
I nibbled the skin on the end of my thumb as I listened. I wasn’t sure I believed her. Most of Louisa’s ‘news’ was complete hyperbole, so much so that I was surprised she hadn’t been headhunted by the Daily Mail. I was under no illusions as to the depth of our friendship and I knew I probably couldn’t trust her. But she often provided me with a light hearted distraction from my day to day worries.  Hearing how frantic she got when her interior designer was late or the DVD player in her Land Rover went on the blink amused me. ‘Go on then, tell me.’
‘Mummy!’
We turned in unison as Thomas raced up the steps, huffing and red in the face.
‘Darcy keeps ruining our game. She’s gone and sat right in front of the goal. Tell her to get out of our way, can you?’
Louisa sighed, peering outside as Darcy sauntered in. 
‘I can’t help it if the sun’s moved. I need to get an even colour mother. I can’t go to Dubai if I’m, like, all washed out like butters over there.’ Darcy raised a thumb in the direction of her brother.
‘Shut-up, loser.’
‘You shut-up, you immature little brat.’
‘Oh for goodness sake,’ Louisa held up her hands in surrender, rolling her eyes and reluctantly rising to her feet. ‘Sorry, Naz, I think we’d better get back now. Tatiana’s probably got supper ready.’ She leaned over and grabbed me by the shoulders, planting barely there kisses on either cheek. ‘Mwaa, mwaa, love you darling.  Starbucks, about ten tomorrow?’
I closed my eyes in gratitude and relief. She was actually leaving. ‘I can’t tomorrow, Louisa. I’ve got a visit from the social worker in the morning.’
Louisa winced, as if the mere mention of the word ‘social’ was unpalatable, an unwelcome intrusion into her vision of how the world should be. ‘Okay, darling, if you insist on going down that road. But don’t say I didn’t warn you.’
For some reason, as I waved them off, Louisa’s parting comment stayed with me. Moving towards the back door, I felt suddenly cold, an uneasy knot tying itself up inside my stomach.
I needed to call Chris. Pondering the reason for his incessant calls wasn’t making me feel any better and I didn’t want to be left all night wondering whether he was about to do what he had been threatening and tell Mark about the ‘incident’ while we were alone six weeks earlier. Opening the kitchen drawer and grabbing my phone, I peered outside. Bethany was immersed in her book and Adam was practising free kicks in the direction of his makeshift goal. I hurriedly dialled Chris’s mobile. Taking a large gulp of wine, I waited for the call to connect and realised I was shaking. 
‘Taking shots is boring without Thomas.’ 
I nearly dropped the phone as I turned to see Adam standing behind me in the doorway, his blond hair clinging to his sweaty face.
Bethany followed close behind, a look of exasperation on her face. ‘Did you see Darcy?’ she asked, her blue eyes wide and expressive. ‘She spent an hour fiddling with her nails. A whole hour! What a lame brain.’
I forced a smile, disconnecting the call and slipping the phone back into its hiding place in the kitchen drawer. I was about to reply when the sound of a key in the latch reached my ears. My throat clenched tight.
Mark.
I glanced guiltily at the drawer, relieved I wasn’t in mid-conversation with Chris. I turned and smiled in Mark’s direction, wishing I’d slipped the phone into my pocket instead of leaving it in the drawer. I had set the call tone to discreet but there was still a risk that Mark would hear its faint beep. And what if he needed batteries or some of the other junk we shoved in there?
Mark nodded a distant greeting towards us before dropping his briefcase in the hall and walking through to the kitchen.
‘Hi, Dad,’ Bethany said, walking towards the stairs with her book a few inches from her nose.
Mark forced a grudging smile in her direction. I cringed, wondering whether to give him a chiding glance. Ignoring me was one thing, but lately he hadn’t even bothered acknowledging the children. It was difficult to watch, but one of the many downsides to being an adulterer was the inability to chastise his unreasonable behaviour, when mine had been infinitely worse. How could I criticize his coldness towards his children when I had risked the very foundations of their security? 
‘Do you want take some shots with me, Dad?’ Adam asked with a wary tone. Like Bethany, our son had grown accustomed to his father’s indifference. Mark, a Detective Sergeant in the Major Crime Investigation Team of Surrey Police, was desperate to climb the professional ladder and despite passing his Inspector’s exam several years earlier, had recently failed his second promotion board.  Poor Adam hovered beside his father, already anticipating the inevitable ‘no’. Lately it was all he ever heard.
‘Not at the moment,’ Mark answered, irritated, as if Adam had asked him hundreds of times that day. ‘Maybe later.’ But Adam was already in the garden, knowing that later would never come.
Mark’s reluctance to play with his children puzzled me, especially as they got older. It wasn’t as if he was averse to physical activity. He kept himself fit and besides going to the gym at work he was a member of the force football squad and a part-time rugby coach.  Why wouldn’t he shoot goals with Adam for half an hour while I cooked his dinner?
Filled with frustration for Adam, I waited for Mark to leave the room then called out to him as he dribbled the ball around some cones in the garden. ‘I’ll come out later and give you some shots, Adam. As soon as we’ve eaten.’
My son raised his head and nodded sullenly. I could understand his lethargy towards the idea. I was no David Beckham and Adam, who had delighted in my participation as a young boy, quickly tired of my clumsy footwork these days. 
I was tempted to venture the subject with Mark, quietly suggesting that he spend some time with his son. Knowing the reception I would probably get, I walked tentatively towards our bedroom, where I could hear Mark moving around.
I stopped in the hallway before he caught sight of me, an irrational fear rising up my spine.
Mark stood bent over the desk, his face only a few inches from the computer screen. His thick head of dark blond hair was sticking up on top. It looked as if he’d been running his fingers continuously through it; a habit of his when he got particularly stressed.  Needless to say, his hair often spiked upwards. He yanked the mouse towards him in an angry motion, pulling the wire sharply. I could see his fingers trembling as he scrolled the cursor down the screen. It wasn’t clear what he was looking at but he clicked furiously at the mouse button, his face white with anger. I began to panic. Chris had bombarded me with emails and, stupidly, I had replied to them at first, providing him with written evidence of our ‘fling’. I couldn’t believe how stupid I had been not to delete them. Perhaps I had forgotten to log out of my Yahoo Account?
Icicles of fear passed through my chest, an all too familiar feeling of late. As a consequence of my adulterous behaviour, I found my body constantly on alert.  A guilty conscience had me in a permanent state of fight or flight.  The feeling was so nauseating I question now why I didn’t come clean there and then. But deep down I feared that a confession would only compound the loneliness I had felt for so long.  
My legs began to tremble. What on earth was Mark looking for? I was accustomed to seeing my husband mad - lately it was his default mood. But there was something in the tense angle of his shoulders that signalled this was something different. Had he noticed me abandoning my call to Chris as he arrived?
It was a paralysing thought and I felt sick as I watched him, not knowing what to do.
Sagging backwards against the wall, I hardly dared to breathe.  Had Mark heard rumours about me and Chris? It can’t be that, I told myself, my mind desperate to deny the possibility. Chris had promised not to say anything as long as I continued to see him. I hadn’t. But I had been careful not to raise suspicion, telling no one about it.
‘Mum?’ Adam came back in from the garden without me noticing. ‘Are you okay?’
I turned sharply, ushering him down the hall and away from the bedroom.  If Mark was about to confront me I didn’t want Adam caught in the crossfire. ‘I’m fine,’ I managed to croak, brushing his blond hair back from his forehead and kissing him lightly. ‘You go back outside, honey. I’ll join you in a moment.’
Adam stared at me, half-puzzled, half-nervous. ‘You look weird,’ he said, his eyes riveted on mine. He was a perceptive boy and I had noticed him growing increasingly watchful over the past few weeks, as if he saw the change in me. His analysing expression caused another sharp blade of guilt to pass through my chest. Severe enough, this time, to force a decision on me that I had battled with for weeks - I would tell Mark what had happened and hope that, by bringing it into the open, Chris would finally leave me alone.
The thought terrified me and my stomach churned but I forced a sing-song voice and a wide smile, taking Adam by the shoulders and steering him towards the back door. ‘A whole week’s pocket money says you can’t score three out of five goals from right back against the wall.’
Adam’s sceptical look disappeared and his face brightened. ‘Simples!’ he called out over his shoulder and ran into the garden.
I turned to find Mark standing close by, an indecipherable look on his face.
‘What’s wrong?’ I asked slowly, cringing as he leaned his back against the kitchen drawer where my mobile phone nestled among the tea-towels. Please don’t call now, I silently prayed, please Chris, don’t. Mark was watching me with a look of intensity, something he hadn’t done for a long, long time.
I glanced in his direction but couldn’t bring myself to look him in the eye. It was something I had avoided doing for weeks now and most of the time it had been easy. Mark often left for work before my alarm went off in the morning and in the evenings, by the time the children were in bed, he was either absorbed in watching endless repeats of some macabre crime drama or studying.  Halfway through a Master’s course in Criminal Psychology, rarely an evening passed without him working on his dissertation. His ambition left little time for family and he seemed to completely lack any interest in me.  
Maybe the answer was simple and he no longer found me attractive. After sixteen years of marriage and two children together, there was nothing left to excite him. It would explain why he’d been so distant. He kept telling me nothing was wrong, but I knew different.
The bulge of newly developed muscles under his shirts certainly weren’t the product of my over-active imagination.  He’d been spending much more time in the gym lately, even taking out a subscription to Men’s Health.  I caught him reading one of the featured articles, ‘How to drive your Partner Wild’ and had wanted to confront him there and then to ask who he planned to try the suggested tantric sex tricks out on.  He certainly showed no signs of asking me to join him naked and upside down in the armchair. 
The increasing distance between us had cut me to the core at first but lately I was grateful for his disinterest.  On the few times we had made love in recent months I had felt like a prostitute. All I could think about was my betrayal. I hadn’t wanted to sleep with Mark at all, but so rare were his approaches that I couldn’t think of a valid reason to refuse. How could I have resorted to such deceit? I silently questioned, though I knew the answer. I desperately craved love and attention and naively, I grabbed what Chris had offered. Since that day my soul felt had tortured but I needed the intimacy, the healing touch from someone who seemed to care. It had been a long time since I had felt even the merest glimmer of affection from my husband.
‘Nothing’s wrong, why should there be?’ he asked in a jarring tone.
I glanced back at him, his prolonged stare disturbing me to the core. My heart thumped so loudly in my ears I was afraid he would notice the movement in my chest from across the kitchen.  I pulled my cardigan tighter around me and folded my arms. 
‘You look...’ I stammered, wondering how he really did look. I could sense something was wrong, as if wisps of unspoken anger floated through the air between us, but I was also aware of the danger that I was seeing him through the distorted haze of a guilty conscience. Transference, I think it was called. Was I imagining the reproof I saw in his eyes? 
‘You look tense. Is it work?’
Mark shrugged. ‘Don’t let it worry you.’
There was an element of spite in his tone and the coldness of his stare froze me to the spot.  Things had never been this bad between us.  My mind raced. How could he have found out?  And then a ball of fear clawed at the pit of my stomach. Was it possible that Chris had told him? Maybe he had carried out his threat to expose me and that was the reason for his calls.
I felt the blood drain from my face. I didn’t know what to do.  I knew I should try and draw his anger out of him. Force him to tell me what he suspected and then lie my way out of it or admit the truth. Either would have been better than what I actually did.
‘Well, if you’re sure you don’t want to talk about it,’ I said quickly, springing forward and reaching for the black bags from the cupboard under the sink, ‘I’ll get dinner in the oven and clean up. I’ve got a social worker coming in the morning to discuss the new placement and this house is a pigsty.’
I turned and left the kitchen, acutely aware of Mark’s eyes boring into my back.
Chapter Two
Narelle

After a night without much sleep, I forced myself out of bed and stood in the middle of my bedroom, trying to decide whether to make coffee or dive straight into the shower before Bethany and Adam woke up. Mark must have already left for work and, I realised with a sinking heart, hadn’t even brushed a brief kiss on my cheek as he would once have done.
My eyes were drawn to the form of my naked body reflected in the full-length mirror of our bedroom and instinctively I turned away in disgust. I had never liked coming face to face with a sight only plastic surgeons should confront and with each year that passed it became an increasingly unpleasant task.
According to one of those ‘Look at Me, I’m Fabulous’ television shows I loved to hate, looking at yourself in the mirror and repeating the mantra, ‘I am beautiful’ every day was supposed to con your sub-conscious mind into believing it. But I had never been that susceptible to suggestion and was convinced even daily hypnotic sessions with Paul McKenna would not convince me that I had the body of Kate Moss rather than the she-devil of Epsom.
I risked another glance at my reflection. Reaching my hands to my face, I smoothed the fine lines surrounding my eyes. When had they first appeared? I think I must have been too busy or content at the time to notice, though, frankly, they were now not willing to be ignored. Small bags hung under my eyes so that at best I looked cheesed off. On bad days I looked like I hadn’t slept for weeks. 
I sighed. I couldn’t remember the last time I had felt truly good about myself, only that it was a long time ago, probably even before the children. How can I blame Mark for not showing an interest, I suddenly thought, when I’m turning into a middle-aged woman? The realisation made me shudder again and as if determined to depress myself further my eyes fell to my breasts. Once tight and firm, they now hung limply against my chest, peaking upwards about an inch above the nipple, one defiant last stand against gravity.
My tummy, once tight enough to give Britney some competition, had swollen into a general roundness, taking my waist along with it. I wondered whether Mark had noticed my decline. Of course he had. It’s not as if he would have ever mentioned it to me. “Could you pass the gravy, darling? And by the way, did you realise you’re looking more like your mother every day?” 
Mark didn’t seem to notice anything much these days. His smile took longer to appear each day and his libido seemed even more elusive. At first I chose to ignore what might simply be a passing malaise but lately I’d begun to make more of an effort to raise his interest, without much success.
Maybe after becoming so familiar with each other, passion was a little too much to expect? And yet I still wanted him, at least I had, before my mistake with Chris had left me so closed off with guilt. Perhaps the rose-coloured glasses had slipped and he now saw what I had to confront when I looked in the mirror.
Slowly, I leaned forward into a pose that wouldn’t look out of place on the cover of The Sunday Sport; legs slightly apart, chest thrust outwards. Sadly, my breasts weren’t willing to assist with the pose and hung disobediently closer to the carpet than to my chest.
Hoping that it might be an angle issue I turned away from the mirror and bent over, peering at my reflection through my open legs and trying to see myself as Mark might. ‘Oh God, it’s worse than I thought.’
‘What?’ Mark stood in the doorway of our bedroom. ‘Did you say something?’
Scrambling to straighten up, I grabbed my dressing gown from the bed, panting. ‘Mark,’ I shrieked, ‘I thought you were at work.’
‘I was sorting out some oil in the garage.’ He stood still, eyeing me suspiciously. ‘What were you doing?’
‘Picking some fluff from the carpet.’ My cheeks were flushed with humiliation. 
He shrugged, his eyes not leaving my face. ‘I had to come back,’ he said slowly, ‘I forgot a file.’ Moving forward, he planted a brief kiss on my cheek then turned and left without another word. Staring at his back, I shook my head in disbelief. There was a time when he would have pounced on me if I was standing semi-naked before him. Now it’s a half-hearted kiss and a silent farewell. Sinking into the striped quilt covering our bed, tears clouded my eyes. I brushed them away quickly, hardening my jaw and making up my mind that I wasn’t going to be one of those women that needs the approval of a man to make them happy.

After a hurried breakfast and a speedy trip along every rat-run I could think of, I waved Bethany and Adam into school with my stomach twisting uncomfortably in a series of small knots. As soon as I pulled out of the school car park I edged my Vauxhall Zafira to the lay-by at the side of the road and flicked my hazard warning lights on. Fumbling with my phone, I dialled Chris’s number, struggling to keep my breathing level.
Chris Noble was a tall, softly-spoken man with deep brown eyes and thick black hair. He was seven years older than me, at forty-two, but didn’t look it. Possessing the chiselled appearance of a much younger man, Chris regularly worked out and was toned, with a flat belly and well-defined chest.
But his looks were not what initially attracted me to him. The first thing I had noticed about Chris was his intensity.  We’d met a year earlier, when he moved into the house across the road. Saying it now fills me with shame but, yes, we were neighbours, and no, he wasn’t a bachelor. He had a wife of four years and a two year old son. All I can say in my defence is that their marriage was a sham and the only reason he was with Ellie was his love for the young boy he feared may not even be his.
Our relationship began as friends; Ellie often left Chris to look after their baby and as he worked from home he regularly invited me in for a coffee. Immediately attracted to him, I refused the offers – stepping inside the jaws of temptation went against the grain. Gradually however, I have to concede, loneliness took over and I started to look forward to our chats.
He didn’t talk about Ellie much at first and I was only able to glean a few nuggets of information here and there. I sensed humiliation in him when he explained his realisation that his marriage was a huge mistake before the honeymoon was even over. He’d been reluctant to fill me in on the details but gradually they emerged, layer upon layer, until I was able to form a picture of their disastrous relationship.
It seemed that while they were away in the Caribbean, four days after exchanging their vows, Chris had asked whether he could use his new wife’s mobile telephone, his own having no roaming signal. An astute man, the slight loss of colour in her cheeks told Chris everything he hadn’t wanted to know. Once they had arrived back on UK soil it was confirmed; Ellie’s itemised billing revealed that she regularly texted the same number - several hundred times a month, even at two a.m. in the morning when she was laying next to her new husband in bed.
Appalled, Chris confronted her only to find her indignant. Gradually it all came out – Ellie believed that the moral constraints enforced by society were outdated and unhealthy. She wasn’t prepared to restrict herself to one partner for life. Asked why she had ever agreed to marry him in the first place, Ellie told Chris that, had she been open about her affairs, the element of danger would have been missing and the excitement dulled. I could tell from Chris’s expression as he relayed the conversation, that the humiliation was too much. He told me that once he found out Ellie was pregnant he could no longer bear to share a bed with her. Despite being in love with her, he found the whole situation crushing. As the pregnancy advanced however, he felt more and more protective of her. Once the baby was born he fell head over heels for the baby boy and no longer wanted to consider the possibility that he wasn’t his own flesh and blood. 
Now, I closed my eyes as I waited for the call to connect, sub-consciously conjuring a snapshot of Ellie Noble in my head. My stomach performed a somersault as a vivid image of her highlighted long hair with accompanying extensions and even longer legs, came to mind. Ellie was a woman who dedicated a fair proportion of her day to personal grooming.  Topped up with a realistic-looking spray tan, she never left the house without full make-up and heels, even when dropping her son at nursery. Despite her ability to outshine the ‘shiny’ mummies at our private school, I got the impression from Chris that if she were to be turned inside out, all that would leak out was battery acid. According to him she was made of pure steel.  
It had mystified me, even before my ‘episode’ with Chris, how he had ever been attracted to someone so...superficial.  Everything about Ellie seemed fake, right down to her acrylic nails. But then, he wouldn’t be the first intelligent man to fall for beauty instead of brains and she was twenty years younger than him, an age gap few men could resist.
He told me that at first they had been physically compatible but apart from that they had very little in common. I froze whenever he mentioned their love life, however long it had been since they were intimate. I felt queasy whenever he spoke about Ellie at all. I could hardly bring myself to believe that I had betrayed another woman by sleeping with her husband, no matter what the state of their marriage. Even the mention of her name spiked my chest with ice. 
To console myself I tried to remember how unhappy he was but it didn’t wash. A sudden rush of maternal guilt took over, reminding me of the risk I had taken with both Chris’s and my own children’s security.
He answered on the fifth ring, his voice a whisper. ‘Nari, Ellie will be gone in five minutes,’ he hissed under his breath. ‘Come over. I need to talk to you.’
Ending the call before I got a chance to say anything, his urgent tone pricked my fear again and as I indicated and pulled out of the lay-by, my stomach clenched into a ball. The sound of his voice had already taken effect; the muscles in my thighs were visibly quivering.
I shifted uncomfortably in my seat, my nerves frayed at the prospect of seeing him again. As I took a left turn into the road in which our properties sat, directly opposite one another, I felt a reluctant quiver of excitement. From the moment we met, Chris stirred hitherto unfamiliar feelings of longing within me and he still had that effect, despite my regrets and the stomach-churning guilt I felt. As I parked on my driveway and crossed the street towards his house, I could already feel a low grade ache for him, deep down in the pit of my stomach.
I peered over my shoulder to make sure I wasn’t being watched then tapped my fingernails quietly on the front door. Chris pulled the door open and within milliseconds of stepping over the threshold he had my face cupped in his hands, kissing me deeply and pushing my back against the wall.
It was exactly what I needed and I allowed him to tear my blouse open, submissive as he forced his tongue into my mouth then bit my lip. I winced as he yanked down the cup of my bra and took my erect nipple between his teeth, roughly massaging my other bare breast with his hand. I clamped my teeth down on my lower lip to stop myself crying out.  The pain was intense but it washed over the guilt inside me and I welcomed the pain. Feeling a deep pang of longing I clamped my trembling hands over his denim covered backside, already wanting him inside me.
Chris was a frantic lover, so utterly different to the way Mark had been back in the days when we’d shared an active love life.  While Mark would spend time gently stroking and arousing me, with Chris, I felt a pleasure bordering on pain. The sex was all about him but his selfish, animal need to fuck excited me. More than anything else I enjoyed the rare opportunity to feel wanted. Although it felt like I was immaterial, along for the ride, I suppose his brutal lovemaking made me feel as if I had no choice, reducing my culpability. All the tension and worries in my head were floating above me, suspended in time.  Someone else was in control for a while and I was only too glad to let it happen.
Chris groaned as I reached down and rubbed his swollen cock.  He pulled me into the living room and pushed me roughly onto the sofa so that I fell to my knees, my face pressed into the cushions. I gritted my teeth as he yanked down my jeans and pulled my panties aside, anticipating the sharp sensation as he pushed hard, entering me. I gulped, air escaping my lungs with each of his manic thrusts. Gripping the edge of the sofa with my fingernails, I clenched my jaw in pain and relief.
Grabbing a handful of my hair, he pulled on it violently as he slammed his hips into mine, my head arching backwards.  My scalp stung and my insides felt simultaneously torn apart and utterly satiated. Punishment was what I deserved and I responded to his urgency with a loud moan.  Despite the searing pain I ached for him to fill me up even more. Suddenly, he let go of my hair and pushed the back of my head down low. Guilt hit then and tears ran down my cheeks. My sobs were muffled by the cushions.
His thrusts grew even more frantic and then he reached climax, his breath coming in short gasps. A faint moan of relief escaped my lips.  I rubbed my damp cheeks on my sleeve and turned around, stumbling to my feet and pulling on my jeans.
‘What’s wrong?’ he asked immediately, pulling his boxers up in time to absorb the drops of semen oozing from his diminished but still slightly swollen cock.
I could see the alarm in his eyes and for a moment he looked absurd, a stocky, half naked man with dark hairs on his well-defined chest and a child-like bewilderment on his face. I hurriedly fastened my jeans and sank onto the sofa, covering my face with my hands. Dropping to his knees, he prised my hands away and softly kissed my fingertips.
‘Tell me,’ he said, his voice hoarse, ‘is it Mark? Does he know?’
‘No.’ I shook my head in confusion, choking back the tears. The mention of Mark’s name twisted the knife a little deeper and I winced. ‘I thought that’s why you might have called yesterday. He seemed... different.’
I searched Chris’s face but thankfully he stared back at me with a blank expression.
‘Why did you call so many times?’
He hesitated for a moment. ‘I needed to see you. Ellie and I are having problems.’
I shook my head, panicking. ‘That’s nothing to do with me,’ I said, my heart beginning to race. ‘What have you said to her? Has she told Mark?’ I was beginning to panic.
‘No.’ He held up his hands. ‘Calm down. I haven’t exactly told her yet, but I’m going to.  Tonight -’
‘No,’ I interrupted, shrieking. I pulled my hands away from him. ‘You can’t do that. You can’t leave her. This is never going to happen again.’
He tensed. ‘This isn’t going to end, Narelle, I told you that.’
I shook my head, shocked. He continued to stare at me and after gazing back wordlessly for what felt like several minutes, I managed to blurt something out. ‘We can’t.’ I began to cry. ‘This has to stop. I don’t want this.’
Chris was on his feet in seconds. ‘You’ve got a funny way of showing it.’ There was a mocking urgency in his voice. ‘You want this as much as I do. We need each other, Nari.’
I shook my head and rose shakily to my feet. ‘We can’t, Chris.  I can’t live with the guilt.’ I was sobbing now, my words incoherent.
Chris grabbed me by the shoulders, his grip so firm I almost cried out. ‘And how do you propose we stop seeing each other? I can see into your bedroom from my own, for Christ’s sake.’ He spat the words out and I shrunk away, unsettled by his anger.
‘Please, Chris, don’t be like this. Let’s not make it difficult.’
I stopped speaking and we both stood in silence, staring out of the window.  After several minutes I turned towards him, about to plant a kiss on his cheek, but then I caught the look in his eyes.  A shadow passed over his face making his features rigid and suddenly all emotion was gone. He nodded as if he finally understood, then shrugged his shoulders.
‘What can I do?’ he asked, resignation in his tone, ‘you’ve obviously made up your mind.’
I should have felt relieved by his offer of acceptance.  But I wasn’t. Somehow I didn’t believe it, even then. Taking a deep breath, I turned and silently left the room. My throat ached with guilt and anger at my own lack of will as I walked across the hall. More tears flowed as I pulled open his front door and walked sightlessly across the road.
Chapter Three
Narelle

I stumbled across my driveway with the beginnings of a headache forming in my temples. Besides puzzling over Chris’s sudden acceptance after the weeks of endless pursuing, I was dreading the meeting I was about to have with the mother of the three children I had agreed to foster.  Kirsten Taylor was coming for a home visit to see where her children would be staying for the summer and her social worker was coming along with her. They were due in half an hour and I looked an emotional wreck. Resisting the urge to cancel, I took a few deep breaths. I needed to calm myself down or they might begin to wonder whether I was up to the job.
I went to the bathroom and looked in the mirror.  My cheeks were scarlet and the skin around my eyes mottled and swollen.  Cupping some cold water in my hands I splashed my face, blinking to draw the water into my eyes in an attempt to cool the bloodshot whites.
I had received sketchy information about the Taylor children’s past via email and so I knew that that their mother was strongly advised by social services to place her three children voluntarily into foster care, while she cleaned up her act. Kirsten, keen to avoid the trauma of the children being forcibly removed, perhaps in the middle of the night, had reluctantly agreed. 
She had a history of self harm, drug abuse and was trapped in a violent relationship with the father of her youngest child. I knew that, following a recent, shocking case of child abuse at the hands of the birth mother’s abusive partner, social services were more inclined to move in early, if there was evidence of domestic violence.
Apart from that, I only knew the names, dates of birth and sex of the children. There was three year old Charlotte, Frankie, aged two and the youngest, Alfie, who was six weeks old.
At the ring of the doorbell my heart leapt in my chest. They were early. I grabbed a hand towel and dried my face, blowing upwards in a futile attempt to cool my blotchy skin with my breath. Social workers were accustomed to seeing through the fake veils of normalcy from angst-ridden parents. As I raced through the hallway I prayed Kirsten’s social worker wouldn’t see through my own.
I knew that Kirsten’s children were the made the subjects of a Child Protection Plan before they were born and my heart ached for them already, though I hadn’t even seen a photograph of them. Running my fingers through my hair to tidy it, I tried to suppress my pre-conceived ideas of what sort of person Kirsten would be. The re-naming of the ‘At-Risk’ register to ‘Child Protection Plan’ was social services PC way of reducing the stigma associated with their involvement in families but as far as I was concerned, though I kept my opinions to myself, anyone who represented a threat to children was akin to the devil.
With vivid ideas of how she would look, I was taken aback when I finally opened the door.  Kirsten wasn’t what I had expected at all. A small, thin figure with elfin-like features, red-rimmed eyes and a timid half-smile, Kirsten hovered anxiously behind Beverley, her black, heavily pregnant social worker, looking every bit as anxious to see me as I was to meet her. 
Far from the aggressive, confrontational figure I had expected, she hesitated on the front step as Beverley waddled in, looking like it wouldn’t take much for her to belt away up the path. Beverley coaxed her inside and I gestured them through to the lounge, half-tempted to give Kirsten a reassuring hug as she shrank past.
Following them both in, I hesitated at the doorway to the living room and watched as Kirsten perched herself uneasily on the edge of the sofa while Beverley, with her big hair and dark brown eyes, lowered herself in slow motion into Mark’s easy leather chair, one arm stretched behind her and one clutching the enormous bump in her middle. Bright afternoon sunshine shone through the window, projecting rays of light around the lounge and over Kirsten’s neck and face. I decided she couldn’t be more than her early twenties, but if I’d taken a photo of her eyes I would have guessed she was twice that. Her eyes were older than any I had seen before; there was definitely a haunted look behind them. Her hair was mid-length and curly, greased back into a tight ponytail on the top of her head: the infamous Croydon facelift.
‘Would you like a drink, Kirsten? Tea? Coffee?’
‘Nah, nah, nufink,’ she muttered, chewing vigourously. A large piece of unwieldy pink gum was visible as it rolled around on her tongue.
As Beverley shuffled through a thick wad of papers I attempted to make light-hearted small talk with Kirsten. It was difficult for me to pin-point the ideal topic of conversation with a woman who had reached the end of her tether, or ‘rock-bottom’ as the placement record had revealed, but I made a stab at it anyway, falling back on the well-used, if wholly unoriginal, British weather.
‘It’s been a bit chilly the last few days hasn’t it, considering summer is on its way?’ I smiled in Kirsten’s direction and tried to catch her gaze. Her eyes didn’t even flicker. I gave a half-hearted laugh in embarrassment at being blatantly ignored and made out I was talking to Beverley anyway. ‘Though I suspect you prefer it like that in your condition?’ I gave another over-cheerful chuckle in Beverley’s direction and she gave up looking for the papers she wanted, nodding in agreement.
‘Absolutely. I had my first in mid-August two years ago, 95 degrees.’ She raised her hands and shook her head. ‘Nightmare. Everything swelled. At least now I only have this lump to cope with.’ She patted her swollen stomach lovingly and I inwardly cringed, glancing in Kirsten’s direction to see if the affectionate motherly gesture had upset her, but she showed no reaction.
‘Right, I can’t find the care-plan papers in this bundle; I must have left them at the office. I can email a copy to you on Monday if that’s alright? But we can go through all the information you might need to get you through the weekend. You received the Placement Information Record from the agency didn’t you?’
‘Yes, they emailed it to me yesterday.’
‘Good, so you know a bit about the family already?’
‘Yes.’ I made an effort to direct my answers towards both Beverley and Kirsten, trying to include her in the conversation, but she appeared to display a disproportionate and unwavering interest in a spot at the centre of the living room carpet. Either that or she had been hypnotised into an unconscious stupor.
‘Excellent.’ Beverley patted her knees with flat, swollen dark fingers. ‘Now I think the best thing would be, Kirsten, for you to tell Narelle a bit more about the children so it doesn’t all come as a big shock.’ She laughed and gave me a wink, sensing my unease at Kirsten’s lack of participation in the conversation.
‘Kirsten, why don’t you tell Narelle a little bit about Charlotte?’
We waited in expectant anticipation, but Kirsten simply shrugged. 
‘What? What d’ya wanna know?’
‘Well, tell Narelle a bit about her – what she’s like?’
Kirsten shrugged again. ‘She’s just like, an ordinary girl, you know what I mean, she does like, ordinary stuff.’
Beverley persisted, staring at Kirsten and waiting for her to expand. After a minute or two I began to feel uncomfortable again and could no longer resist the urge to fill the painful silence with inane chatter. 
‘Is she a tomboy or a girlie girl?’ I smiled, twittering on for a minute or so. ‘My Bethany was never interested in dolls and prams. She’s more a cuddly toy kind of girl – fifteen years old and still obsessed with them. There must be over two hundred crammed into her bedroom.’
I paused and looked hopefully towards Kirsten, thinking my little speech may have been a bit of an icebreaker. Unfortunately, all I invoked was yet another shrug. I got the feeling shrugs formed a major part of Kirsten’s vocabulary.
‘She’s a shy little girl, isn’t she, Kirsten?’ Beverley asked.
‘S’pose,’ Kirsten answered with admirable economy. Why waste time constructing a meaningful sentence when so much could be summed up in one word?
Both Beverley and I waited for her to elaborate. Kirsten shrugged, glancing in my direction momentarily but not achieving eye contact. ‘Charlotte’s alright.’
‘What does she enjoy doing?’ Beverley continued to make notes and tried her best to get some information from the uncommunicative woman in front of her. ‘So that Narelle has an idea of how to distract her in the first few days, while she’s settling...’
‘I dunno, girlie sort of things, she likes pink stuff and that.’
‘Well I have a pink duvet and curtains for the room she’ll be staying in, that’s a good start.’ I nodded towards Kirsten encouragingly, trying to dispel my irritation at her apparent coldness and imagining how painful it must be to contemplate the prospect of handing her own three, young children to the care of a virtual stranger. Perhaps she was holding back because she feared she’d lose control of her emotions in front of me. I could understand that. People were never at their best when feeling vulnerable.
‘Okay, let’s move on to the boys then,’ said Beverley. ‘Kirsten, tell Narelle about Frankie and Alfie.’ She turned to me and added, ‘Alfie’s six weeks and Frankie is two.’
I nodded. I already knew the children’s ages, but she was probably trying to get the conversation going. Kirsten began to shift her feet uneasily and I half expected her to take off, but she remained seated on the edge of the armchair, eyes fixed firmly on the floor.
‘They’re just boys, I dunno.’ Kirsten paused and appeared irritated by the question. ‘Frankie’s always ill,’ she added helpfully, glancing up at me and catching my eye as she spoke, as if proud to provide such an insightful character analysis of her sons; they’re boys and one of them is always ill – that was going to be a great help in the weeks to come. I felt my sympathy fading fast.
Beverley jotted down a few more notes and asked Kirsten to give me a run-down on the children’s bedtime routine. I could tell by the fleeting look of confusion on Kirsten’s face that bedtime routine might as well be a Girls Aloud dance move for all she knew. She was so stumped by the question she actually broke her fixed stare and looked at me for a few seconds, searching for inspiration. But by then I had lost the will to help her out and she returned her stare to the coffee stain comfort zone and shrugged. 
‘They prefer the lights off,’ she answered, in all seriousness.
I resisted the urge to scoff and glanced at Beverley, who responded only by asking if the older children needed to wear nappies in bed. Searching Beverley’s face for some signs of shock or amusement, I detected neither. I guessed well-seasoned social workers were shocked by very little and amused by even less.
During my initial foster carer’s training we were told to focus on programming our minds to avoid making judgements about parents whose children had been taken away. I remember thinking at the time that it was a tall order.  It was difficult to avoid.  But as I sat listening to Kirsten I tried as hard as I could to keep my opinion out of my eyes. ‘Do they settle easily, Kirsten?’
‘Yeah, I s’pose. They all like, need nappies though yeah, or they’ll piss the bed. And bottles?’ 
Using the highly irritating habit young people seemed to fall into these days, Kirsten used intonation at the end of almost every sentence so it sounded like she was asking questions when she wasn’t.
‘And they won’t go a bed without their dummies, I like, ‘ave to give ‘em to ‘em?’ It was the most animated Kirsten had been since she arrived. 
‘We’ve thought about the best way to pass the children over to you, Narelle, and as soon as you can is best. Can you manage tomorrow?’
‘Yes, tomorrow will be fine.’
‘Great, that’s good – the older two are struggling to cope at the moment, they can sense there’s something wrong.  So the sooner the handover is over with, the better. Can you meet Kirsten at their nursery tomorrow? What time do they finish, Kirsten?’
‘Three-ish.’
‘Yes, I can do that, no problem.’
‘The older two have daily sessions, five days a week. We’ve managed to fit baby Alfie in for a couple of sessions during the week as well as a way of giving Kirsten a break.’
‘Unfortunately I can’t meet you as I have a pre-natal appointment so I’m not working tomorrow, but if you can meet the children there and then bring them and Kirsten home with you.’
I nodded in agreement and smiled, concealing my reluctance to share my car with this dour and uncommunicative woman.
‘Kirsten, I think it would help the children settle with Narelle if you come back with them tomorrow and maybe give them tea here. It’s important they understand that Narelle is not the enemy.’
Kirsten nodded, but I could tell she didn’t relish the prospect any more than I did.
We all stood up and Beverley shook my hand. 
‘Thank you for your time, Narelle, I hope all goes well tomorrow. I’ll give you a call first thing Monday morning to see how it’s all going.’
‘I’m sure it’ll be fine.’ I was surprised by the confidence I managed to express, while inwardly wondering what on earth I’d got myself into. ‘I’ll see you at the nursery tomorrow at three o’clock then, Kirsten. Beverley says you have car seats I can borrow?’
She nodded, her face fixed on the front door.
‘Okay, I’ll see if my husband, Mark, can stay with my children so I can come alone, that would probably be best.’
Kirsten didn’t turn around during this whole conversation. Well – conversation is a misnomer; it was a brief exchange of words with Kirsten looking straight through me, her expression vacant. I opened the front door and she turned to walk down the newly swept path before I could say another word.
‘Thank you again, Narelle, we’ll leave you to get organised.’ Beverley gave me a conspiratorial smile as I gazed in disbelief at the departing figure of a swaggering Kirsten, head bent down as if searching for more coffee stains along the path, her hands rammed into the pockets of her baggy tracksuit bottoms.

Chapter Four
Kirsten

The sun poured in through the dusty blinds at my bedroom window as Alfie’s screams like, blasted me out of bed. It was five a.m. Knackered, I leaned over to lift him out of his crib and laid him in my arms.
Lowering the strap of my top, I put him to my boob and watched his head toss wildly from side to side, his tiny mouth wide open. Latching on, he began to suck and a sharp pain shot through my nipple where some of the skin was peeling off. For a split second I like, relaxed as the let-down reflex kicked in and the milk began to flow. Resting my head back on the unpainted wall behind me, I stared around my room, trying to forget all the bad thoughts and worries in my head.
It should have looked better in the dark but I could still see the stains on the carpet and dozens of holes in the wall. I think the last tenant must have owned a pet woodpecker; the flat was filled with holes like, in every room. 
My bed sunk down in the middle so it was difficult to sit up without leaning over and I didn’t have no sheets for the bed yet so I slept on the bare mattress. I let out a rush of air before my shoulders seized up again. I only realised I was like, crying when I saw Alfie’s cheeks were wet? I could hardly get it into my head that later that day I would be handing my baby over to someone else.
Narelle Fielding. 
She didn’t look nothing like I’d expected.
As I cuddled Alfie, I thought of her perfect home, the classy clothes she wore, the new paint on the walls with no like, greasy fingerprints in sight, well expensive looking furniture, polished floors. I couldn’t believe she had like, two kids of her own? It was nothing like the foster homes I’d stayed in as a kid.
Actually, I was pissed off she didn’t look at all mumsy, like I’d hoped she would. She was like, the complete opposite. I wondered what she’d do if Frankie got the squitz on her perfect cream-coloured cushions or, like, Alfie spewed baby sick down her expensive designer top. She’d be like, ‘OMG, it’s the worst thing ever to happen in my life!’
I could tell she thought I was disgusting - she didn’t like, bother trying to disguise her revulsion. Perfect Surrey housewife in her like, perfect Surrey home? I s’pose I couldn’t blame her for thinking the worst. Compared to her I was rank, I swear. For a second I even thought maybe the kids were better off with her.
Stroking Alfie’s forehead, all wrinkled in concentration as he fed, I remembered the first time I was taken into care, when I was only like, about three years old? The panic of waking to the sight of two coppers standing over my bed, was like, the actual worst feeling I’ve ever had, for real. They stood staring down at me all calm, like it was normal for a toddler to wake up with two blokes dressed like Swiss Army knives hovering by my bed. I was so freaked I remember pissing the already minging sheets.
The taller of the two coppers carried me downstairs. That can’t of been nice for him with my legs all sticky with piss but I remember him whispering something comforting as we went. He stood me beside my mum in the hall. She was rat-arsed as usual and crying streams of black mascara down her face. 
‘I’m sorry, baby, I’ll sort it out.’
She said that so often that I’d stopped believing it, even then. Wrapping a scarf around my neck and draping a too-small coat around my shoulders, she handed me a carrier bag with some toys in it and like, nudged me towards what would be the first in a long line of foster parents. I can remember her kiss, on my right cheek. I can even still feel the tears she left on my face as I was led away, her saying in her firm voice, ‘now don’t you go losing nuffink, Kirst. I want everything back when you come ‘ome.’
It’s a struggle to recall much about my first foster parents, except they made me eat porridge, even though I told them I like, absolutely hated it. When I was older, one of my other foster carers, Carol, sat me down and like, explained it all. My mother was an alkie with severe depression thrown in to like, spritz up the mess a bit more. Carol sat by my side when she spoke, holding my hand and speaking in the calm voice she used, even when I trashed her lovely home. My foster dad Brian sat on the other side of me, also holding my hand. He was the first man I met who like, actually seemed to get me. I loved them both; they were so kind. I only lived with them for eight weeks but we all like, cried our eyes out when I left. After leaving them I made a promise to myself - when I had kids I would be like Brian and Carol and I would never send them away, ever.
I got that fucking wrong then. 
When Alfie finished feeding I laid him in the middle of my bed and stood in front of my wardrobe for ages, trying to figure out what I should wear for the meeting with my new social worker. All I knew about him was that he was from Portugal. What would Narelle choose? I wondered. She seemed to have it all worked out. Social Services would listen to someone like her. Whenever I spoke to them they accused me of refusing to ‘engage effectively’ and like, being aggressive. What the fuck did they expect when they kept threatening to take my kids?
I was about to get dressed in the only clothes that didn’t reek of the mould that lurked at the back of my wardrobe when there was hammering at the front door. Grabbing an old top from the floor of my bedroom, I tugged it over my head, stole a quick glance at Alfie who was now fast asleep and grabbed my old jeans. Edging around the bed, I peered around the door into the hall.
Fuck. It was Pete.
For a moment I stood paralysed, clutching the jeans to my chest. Pete was Alfie’s dad and had like, no idea where I lived. Or so I thought. I was re-housed by Merton council before Alfie was born after months of non-stop harassment and domestic shit from Pete. No one knew where I lived except me mum and she was so like, out of it most of the time I doubted she took any notice when I gave her the address. If she remembered, she hadn’t visited, not even when I texted her to tell her she had a new grandson. She certainly hadn’t sent me a ‘Welcome to your New Home’ card.
By the time I could move again and struggled into my jeans Pete had broken the lock off the front door and came striding in the flat as if we still lived together.
‘Wha’d’ya think you’re doing?’ I backed into the bedroom and stood in front of the bed, shielding his view of Alfie. I didn’t want him anywhere near any of the kids, even his own son.
‘I’ve come ‘ome. Wha’d’ya think?’ Pete leered at me and I could tell he was on something. His eyes were wide and he had that, I’m gonna beat you to a pulp if you even blink, kind of look.
‘You can’t, Pete. For fuck’s sake, I’ll lose the kids forever if you don’t get out of here.’
One of the conditions of the order Social Services had slapped on me was my agreement never to see Pete again. He had a violent past and had been like, in and out of the slammer since he was eighteen. After the calls I’d made to the old bill when he beat me up, the social threatened me with a full care order for the kids unless I moved to a place of safety.
I hated leaving him. Even tho’ he’d forced me on the game when money was tight I still loved him but I couldn’t risk losing the kids. And it was a relief to be away from Lee, Pete’s son. When Pete forced me to turn tricks he insisted that I left the kids with Lee but they hated him. 
I didn’t like leaving them but when Pete made up his mind about something, there weren’t no like, arguing with him. The social forced me to agree to like, letting the kids go into foster care until I completed a Narcotics Anonymous course. They were insisting I join AA as well, even though I swore I hadn’t been on the drink since Charlotte was born.
Before I had kids I was out of my head most of the time but once my Charlotte arrived I finally had a reason to drag myself out of bed. She didn’t give me like, no choice. I stopped the drink and like, hardly even smoked. She probably saved my life. If I hadn’t had a one-nighter that ended up with me being pregnant with Frankie, things might of worked out better. I used to dream when I was little that one day things would be alright. I was thinking of getting a job or going to college but once I had the two kids I didn’t even like, have time to brush my hair, let alone get out the house on time.
But it was when Pete came along that the shit hit the fan.
He was twenty years older than me and knew so much more about everything than I did. I felt safe with him at first and no one in Mitcham dared say a word out of line once they knew I was like, shagging him. I didn’t realise at first that he did Smack. He introduced me to weed early on in our relationship. Actually it was like, on our first date outside The Prince of Wales in Camberwell?
Soon after that he had me on the needle. I hadn’t wanted to at first but the idea of me being clean pissed him off for some reason. Course, once he gave me my first hit I was hooked. It was like nuffink mattered no more and I loved it. I dunno who grassed me up to the social but when they found out all hell broke loose.
Now, Pete came up close so I could feel his breath on my face. He smelt musty and I could tell he’d been out on the piss all night. He had that look. Along the hall I could hear Charlotte and Frankie chatting in their bedroom. Pete turned his head towards the door and smiled. He could never resist winding Frankie up. It was one of his biggest highs when we lived together and the main reason we had like, so many fights.
Slowly he turned and sauntered down the hall with me following quickly behind. I didn’t want to leave Alfie alone but the sight of Pete hulking towards the kids would scare the fuck out of them, especially Frankie. Last time Pete was with us he slapped Frankie around the head and sent him flying.
Frankie appeared at his bedroom door as Pete moved closer. His eyes went all wide when he saw him and he cowered away, hiding behind Charlotte who appeared by his side trying to protect him.
‘Hiya, Frank.’ Pete was using his mocking voice, the one I hated. ‘Come and say hello to daddy.’
Frankie looked at me and his lip wobbled. ‘Mummy?’ he asked.
‘Ah, the little wuss wants his mummy. That’ll teach yer for sleeping with a wimp before you came for the real thing, eh slag?’
‘For fuck’s sake, Pete, you’re not his dad.’ I reached out and grabbed Pete’s sleeve, willing my voice not to shake. If Pete knew he scared you he would make mincemeat out of you. ‘You shouldn’t be here man. Come away...’
Before I had chance to move Pete struck out, catching me on the face with the side of his hand. I stumbled backwards into the wall but bit my lip to stop myself crying out. ‘Get back into bed, Frankie. You too, Char,’ I called out angrily to the kids.  They began to cry but scurried away as Pete grabbed my arm and dragged me along the hall. I knew where he was heading but I didn’t want him in the bedroom where Alfie was. He had never seen his son and I wanted it to stay that way.
With my free arm I reached around and grabbed the back of his head, leaning in to kiss him. It didn’t seem to matter what shit was pulsing around in his veins, Pete always wanted sex. Sometimes the drugs he took sent him manic so he needed marathon long sessions. When we lived together there were sometimes days when he wouldn’t let me out of the bedroom, even to feed the kids. They would cry with hunger from their cots but I couldn’t get to them, it made him too angry. Once he passed out I would scurry through to their room but they’d usually worn themselves out and would be sleeping, their nappies and cots soaked through.
‘You’re a dirty whore,’ Pete kissed me roughly and pushed me towards the bedroom. I grabbed his hand and steered him towards the front room.
‘In here,’ I whispered and I think he thought I was trying to seduce him. I was desperate for Alfie not to make a sound. In the front room Pete pulled his top off and puffed out his chest, casually scratching his bare hairy stomach. I pulled my top off as well and stood braless in front of him, praying he wouldn’t notice the dampness below my boobs where milk was leaking. I couldn’t believe he hadn’t even mentioned Alfie yet but I didn’t want, like, nuffink to remind him of his newborn son.
Pete’s eyes lowered to stare at me. ‘Your tits look bigger.’ A smile touched his lips. ‘Take your jeans off.’
Shakily, I lowered my jeans, trying not to take my knickers off with them. Thankfully my belly was back to normal already but I pulled it in hard so he wouldn’t notice anything wobbling. I needn’t of bothered, he weren’t looking that hard. 
Reaching past me, he grabbed the remote and switched the TV on, flicking idly through the music channels as if I weren’t there. Swallowing hard, I tried to like, suss a way out. There weren’t no chance of him leaving ‘til he got what he wanted but he was going to make me suffer first. I folded my arms and began to shiver. Grinning, he removed his trousers and sat on the sofa, naked. Leaning back, he put his hands behind his head. ‘Come on then, darling,’ he said, wiping his mouth on the back of his hand. ‘Get on your knees while I watch Rhianna get her kit off. You know what makes me ‘appy.’

Half an hour later Pete let himself out, promising to call on me soon. I raced through to the bedroom to check on Alfie, scared shitless that I’d find him blue with the duvet over his face. Amazingly he was still asleep so I rushed through to get Frankie and Charlotte who sat cowering together on their bed.
I felt sorry for them but there weren’t no time so I pulled them up and grabbed the nearest clothes I could find to dress them in. With Alfie in his baby grow, I strapped him in the buggy, threw a blanket over him, grabbed some crisps for the older two and dashed off for the nursery.
When I got there, Rachel, one of the nursery assistants was hovering in reception, like she’d been waiting for me. I took the kids in and parked the buggy with Alfie in it beside the double doors.
Rachel frowned at Alfie in his buggy. ‘He looks cold, Kirsten. Babies that young should be in a proper pram.’ 
Snooty cow. I did have a pram. I bought it from a loan the benefits people give me but I had to sell it before Alfie was born to give me mum cos she owed it to some nasty bugger down the club she goes to. Alfie did look a bit slumped but I didn’t have nothing else to put him in.
She leaned down to pick Alfie up and I could see her eyes drifting to Frankie and Charlotte who were holding their crisps. She gave me a right narked look as if I like, gave them Quavers for breakfast every day? 
‘I ran out of time this morning,’ I told her, rushing out towards the road. 
I was already on the bus when I realised that I’d forgot to say bye to the kids.

Chapter Five
Kirsten

By the time the bus got to Wingate House I was half hour late and the receptionist looked at me as if I’d murdered her favourite pet. She told me to wait in reception so I sat on one of the stained, light-blue fabric covered chairs in the corner and started like, texting me mum. There was no one else I could tell about Pete. If the social found out about him tracking me down they’d be on my back again. I was scared shitless it would be another black mark against me.
As I typed out the message I knew she’d probably ignore it but she was worth a try. What else could I do? I sat picking at a scab on my wrist where I’d cut myself and wondered what my new social worker would be like ‘though it didn’t matter who it was, they were all the same. 
‘We can see you now, Kirsten.’ 
It was Beverley. The tension in my shoulders eased a bit at the sight of a friendly face.  She looked tired but she smiled and nodded for me to follow her to a room where we could talk in private. I could tell she was aching from the way she walked as I followed her along endless shitty corridors. She was most probably desperate for her maternity leave to kick in. I remember my belly aching so much with Frankie. He was heavier than the others, probably because I didn’t smoke so much with him.
I hoped he would be alright. Frankie was the one who would hurt the most. He was so clingy with me. Alfie would be fine. He was so young he wouldn’t know no difference. At least the kids would be staying in a cool place, with so much space and a big garden. 
But I didn’t want to think about all that shit. I didn’t wanna think about the kids at all, not until it was all over and the social was out of my life forever. I blinked, tears burning my eyes. I rubbed them on my sleeve.  I wasn’t going to let them know what they were doing to me. My friend Marcia told me I should front up to them and not take any shit.
What I needed was time to think but it was all happening so quick and it was all so confusing. My head throbbed with the effort of making it think so much and I wished I could like, slip out for a quick fag?
As I followed Beverley into a tiny side room I clawed at a graze on my wrist with my jagged, bitten fingernails, repeating swear words over and over in my mind. The dirtier the words, the better my stomach felt.
A middle-aged man dressed in brown cords and a blue polo shirt stood up as I walked in, reaching out to shake my hand. ‘Hello, Kirsten, I’m Telmo Borrotzu.’
He smiled widely as if I’d won a competition and he was about to fill me in on a prize holiday or some other shit. I couldn’t let him see the blood where I’d chewed the ends of my fingers so I shoved my hands into the pockets of my jeans and shrugged instead. 
Telmo stopped smiling. He folded his arms, suddenly distant. Why did he want to shake my hand anyway? This weren’t no business meeting. Oh hello, Ms Taylor, we’re about to devastate your entire family, we do hope you don’t like, mind. Please do take a seat.
It was complete shit.
‘Telmo will be taking over from me next week, Kirsten, so it’s a good idea for you two to get to know one another before I leave.’
I nodded and shrugged again. ‘OK.’
‘Please.’ Telmo stretched out his arm, pointing at one of the seats. ‘Please, sit.’
Whenever social workers talk to me I find myself saying things I shouldn’t. Somehow my words would come out jumbled, saying the complete opposite of what I actually mean. I sat down, trying to keep my gob stop getting me into grief.
‘We want to make sure you understand- de process, Kirsten.’ Telmo’s voice was so heavy with accent that I found it difficult to like, understand him. ‘You like-a to ask us before de placement goes ahead, yes?’
What I wanted to ask Telmo was how he could take away the three people I like, loved most in the world. I wanted him to understand that my kids were all I had to live for. That without them I might as well be like, dead.
What I actually said was, ‘Is there anything I’d like to fucking ask? Yes there fucking is. I don’t like, get it. Why can’t I keep them with me while I get sorted?’
‘No, no, no, please don’t getta de aggressive, Kirsten.’ Telmo waved his arms around and shifted in his seat, looking at me as if he thought I was going to deck him. ‘We notta going to talk to you unless you engage properly in dis process, yes?’
I’m not fucking aggressive, you tosser. I just don’t wanna lose my kids. 
Raising a blood-stained finger to my forehead, I rubbed my skin as hard as I could. I tried not to do it. I knew that one of the reasons the kids were put on the at-risk register in the first place was because of my like, self-harming but I couldn’t help it? It was so frustrating. Why were they sitting all calm, acting as if everything in the world was normal and not falling apart?
Tossing social workers with their corduroy trousers and long woolly cardigans. Why do they all dress the same? Even the foreign ones. ‘But it’s not a fucking process,’ I told them, my low voice getting higher with every word, ‘it’s my fucking family.’
I fought hard to stop screaming at him but I didn’t understand the difference between a Section 20 or any other bloody section they were going on about? How could it be like, better for me to give up the kids as if I didn’t want them, when they were all I’d ever wanted?
I clawed at my open scabs, trying to distract myself from the shooting pains in my ears.  Telmo continued to prattle on about the difference between Section 20 voluntary care order and section 31 full care order. I heard the words but as they reached my ears they jumbled together, his face swimming in and out of focus.
‘But they both mean I can’t keep them at home don’t they?’ I asked, trying to suss out whether he meant what he said when he told me he would help. His voice sounded like he was talking through a tunnel and I shook my head, whispering.
‘But I love them. I love them so much.’
No one heard. Telmo’s voice was too loud, filling the small room so that none of them could hear me. Or maybe I wasn’t talking at all? I don’t even remember, it was all such a blur. How could they ignore me as if they were talking about giving away an iPod touch when it was me own kids they were on about?
All I was seeing as Telmo spoke were the veins, prominently blue, sticking out of the side of his forehead. ‘We running de parallel plans at de moment so-...’
‘Parallel what?’ I asked, realising suddenly that I hadn’t had chance to put a bra on before I raced out of the flat. I was leaking over my T-shirt and my swollen tits was beginning to ache. I pictured Alfie, his tiny fists clenched beneath his chin as he fed and I ached to hold him. My head felt like it was going to explode.
‘We going to allow you some time to work through our requirements but at the same time we be making de plans to obtain de Adoption Order, in case we did need to go down dat route, no? You listen to me, yes?’
Like the first rush after a line of coke, my legs and arms suddenly felt like liquid. Without thinking I stood up and lunged at him. ‘You leave my kids alone, you bastard,’ I screamed at him. ‘Take them away from me and I’ll fucking kill you.’
Telmo took a sudden step backwards, staring at me as if I was like, a wild animal.
Beverley leapt up as fast as she could in her condition, standing between us. ‘You don’t mean that, Kirsten. Sit back down love and cool it. This sort of behaviour is getting you nowhere.’

Chapter Six
Kirsten

‘Fuck the lotta them.’
Pete handed me a steaming mug of weak tea that evening after the kids had gone a bed, one that tasted strangely of fish. I took a sip and scalded my mouth as I sat huddled on the sofa with my arms wrapped tightly around my cold knees. I didn’t want him here but his hatred of anyone in authority felt comforting after my run-in with Telmo.
‘Come on, darlin’, it ain’t that bad. So, they’re gonna be gone a few weeks. They ain’t got nuffink on you, they have to give ‘em back some point.’ Pete stroked my knee. ‘Meanwhiles, babe, you’re gonna get earning us some dough.’
I knew what he meant. Tears began to roll down my face. They’d be no getting away from Pete this time. And if the social found out he’d tracked me down again I’d never get the kids back.
‘Let’s have a cuddle, babe, eh?’ Pete slung a heavily muscled arm around my shoulders. He smelt unfamiliar, like I’d never been close to him, even though it was only this morning that he’d forced his way into the flat. At least for now he seemed less narked.
‘I’ve got something that’ll make everythin’ better. You’ll be proper mellowed in a few ticks, like old times.’ 
It was a relief when he moved his arm from my shoulder but I knew what he wanted to do and I started to shit meself. ‘No, Pete, I can’t. I gotta pack the kid’s stuff to take to that woman tomorrow. And if she sees me out of it I’m screwed.’
He ignored me, taking out a small square of tin foil, about the size of a sore throat sweet, from his jeans pocket. I knew Pete well enough to realise it wouldn’t be a packet of lemon sherbet or strawberry bootlaces he was unwrapping.
Proper panicked now, I started to get up.
‘Sit the fuck down.’ Pete growled and I knew from his tone there was no way out. I tried it often enough before. It was either accept the shit or turn up tomorrow with my face every colour of the sodding rainbow. Either way I was fucked. 
Pete placed the sachet on the coffee table, next to a lighter and a roll of tinfoil, and gave me a gloating smile: gentleman host at his own down-market dinner party. I watched him pull apart the little tin foil square, opening it like an envelope. There was a clump of brown powder in the middle. It suddenly seemed right somehow, in my dingy London flat, with its electric heaters, scratched floorboards and bare light bulbs.
‘Get your arse over ‘ere.’ Pete rolled the tinfoil into a tube and held it out to me. Staring at the foil, my stomach rolled with fear. It was so tempting to forget everything and nuffink had ever made me forget like heroin had. All the shit with social services, the fighting. But the kids. I had to be alright for the kids. I didn’t move, my eyes darting to the door. Maybe it was worth making a run for it? But even if I made it like, out of the flat, Pete would then be alone with the kids? I couldn’t risk that.
Pete knew exactly what I was thinking anyway. He always did. Lunging across the sofa, he caught my wrist, squeezing it hard.
‘Fuck’s sake, don’t make this difficult, you silly bitch.’
Feeling sick, I knelt beside him on the floor, taking the foil tube while he held a lighter under the silver envelope of brown powder.
‘That’s right. That’s a good girl, suck it all up. Don’t waste none.’
Fear of Pete’s anger took over my fear of getting addled so I leant forward and fake gasped as if I was trying to suck in as much of the stuff as I could. Holding my breath, I tried to keep my throat shut. I was relieved he hadn’t got me back on the needle – that would have knocked me out for the rest of the next day.
Pete wasn’t having none of it. He clamped a hand over my face.
‘Don’t waste it, for fuck’s sake, you gotta pay me back big time for this little treat as it is.’
Unable to like, breathe, I gasped, sucking the sweet, sticky air through my nose and mouth. Within half a second I felt like my lungs was like, gonna explode as burning smoke travelled down my throat. It was so long since I’d inhaled the brown that I coughed and spluttered, forcing Pete to drop his hand. I felt like throwing up but seconds later it all changed, like I knew it would.
I started to float. Everything became fuzzy and soft, like before. Why had I ever come off it? Nuffink mattered no more. All the shit with the kids was wrapped up in a lovely golden cloud, blunted so it couldn’t hurt. The flat was dirty and cold, but it didn’t matter. Pete was back for good – I knew I’d never get away from him now, but that didn’t matter neither. If he like, kept giving me this shit he could do whatever the fuck he liked.
I slumped back on the sofa, my eyes glazing over.  With the foil tube held loosely between my fingers, I smiled at Pete.  He didn’t look so bad now. It was like looking at the world through a magical pair of glasses. Everything looked better, or if not better, more bearable. 
I was aware of Pete watching me sink deeper into the cushions as the heroin took me over. He took the opportunity to stroke my bare legs. I didn’t mind.
‘Uncle Pete’s gonna look after you, don’t you worry.’
I hated him saying that but now I just sat there smiling at him.
‘Alright, darlin’?  Have some more.’
He held the stained foil under my face again, waving the lighter under it. I willingly lifted the tube to my mouth and inhaled deeply – much more than before. I coughed and spluttered but it didn’t like, really hurt now, and all I was interested in was getting more of the smoke into my body. The more I had, the more the ‘who cares?’ feeling would last. The thought of dropping the kids with that woman tomorrow didn’t cut me up now. Drifting off into oblivion, I felt nuffink.
A few hours later, Alfie woke me with piercing screams coming from his cot in the bedroom. Pete carried on snoring on the sofa as I staggered to my feet into the hall. My arms shook as I lifted Alfie up and snatches of the old panic, fear and shame began to float into me as I dropped onto the bed beside him. I don’t know how he managed it but Alfie soon had my nipple in his mouth, feeding hungrily. I couldn’t watch him taking my milk. I felt too ashamed, knowing there might be like, bad stuff in there that a baby shouldn’t be having. I felt suddenly bare, like an animal with like, all its fur shaved off? The brown was already wearing off, I could tell and suddenly I was back in a dirty flat in Mitcham, listening to a group of teenage boys rowing on the street below and watching as a red double-decker bus full of strangers floated past the window.

Chapter Seven
Narelle

I rolled over in bed, intending to hug Mark from behind, my tummy flat, or, to be brutally honest, bulging against his back.  I’d been awake for most of the night, anxious about embarking on my first ever day as a foster carer and still puzzling over Chris and the unexpected silence from across the road. I hadn’t heard from him since my venture to see him the other day and he hadn’t even sent a single text. I knew I should have felt relieved and yet... something didn’t feel right.
As my mind surfaced from the groggy realms of a morning haze, I acknowledged the sinking feeling in my belly as guilt. I could hardly believe I had allowed him near me again, especially when armed with the knowledge of his obsessive nature. It was as if I had my finger stuck on a button to self-destruct.  
Turning my head away from Mark’s shoulder, I stared at the ceiling, remembering a time when he and I made the most of our early mornings together. After making love, Mark would rise to make the coffee and come back to bed where we would sit and run through the day ahead before having another brief snooze, wrapped in each other’s arms.  Over the past couple of years our snooze time had increased and cuddle time had whittled down to nothing but a distant memory.
I wondered whether to nudge Mark and remind him of our happier past but he sighed heavily, pulling the duvet up around himself. I recognised the stiff angle of his shoulders. It meant, I know you’re awake but please, leave me alone. 
‘Would you like a coffee?’ I turned and whispered into Mark’s ear. All I got in response was a grunt. The noise brought a small stab of pain to my chest and my eyes filled momentarily with tears. Wiping them before they could gather any pace, I sat straight up and reached for my dressing gown.
Once downstairs I made some coffee, took a sip then walked to the fridge, ignoring the cut-out of a thirty-two stone woman dangling from a fridge magnet, strategically placed to deter me from doing what I was now sorely tempted to do.
Opening the fridge door, I was confronted head-on with a box of chocolate fudge cake. Grabbing the box, I closed the fridge with my hip and reached for the cutlery drawer. If I can’t get satisfaction from my husband, I thought, I may as well get it from cake.

At three p.m. that afternoon as I drove towards the Meadow Lane Sure Start Day Nursery, I turned the radio up loud, eager to ease the feeling of loneliness building inside me. Now you say the juice is sour, it used to be so sweet...I think I know the problem, you don’t love me the same... The morose lyrics courtesy of Karyn White blared out and I thrust forwards, stabbing the OFF button, my vision of the road momentarily clouded with rapidly forming tears.
I tried to swallow down the stubborn lump in my throat, feeling paranoid enough to suspect the Heart 106.2 radio DJs were conspiring against me. I hadn’t heard from Chris, even though his car had been parked on the driveway opposite for most of the day. Perhaps he had seen sense and knew it would be destructive to try and force me further into a full-blown affair. I clenched my hand into a tight fist with the hope, unable to believe it had only been twenty-four hours since we’d been together. Butterflies swirled in my stomach as the prospect of collecting my first ever foster children vied with the Chris situation for attention.
I had no idea what to expect when I arrived to pick them up. Despite my training, I was struggling to imagine what I could do to comfort three tiny tots who were about to be passed to a total stranger; a woman they had never met before.
I felt myself becoming emotional as I imagined how Kirsten must be feeling. I knew I would be in pieces if I had to give my own children up, even if it was only for a short time. I imagined she must be in a very dark place at the moment, drowning in a sea of depression and struggling to cope with an abusive ex-partner. Small wonder she found herself unable to manage the demands of two toddlers and a new baby, especially being so young herself.
Parking up outside the nursery, I looked around for Kirsten but there was no sign of her so I wended my way over to the Children’s Centre. It was deserted, apart from a couple of obese women huddled as closely together as two twenty-stone women can, lost in deep conversation. As I passed they glanced briefly at me and gave me a hard stare, the likes of which I hadn’t been party to since my school days, courtesy of Lisa, the class bully. Bestowing my warmest smile, I could feel their puzzlement boring into my back as I returned to my car.
After waiting another ten minutes or so, I began to question whether I had understood Beverley’s instructions clearly. Where was Kirsten? 
Suddenly, a red Ford Fiesta sped along the road and pulled up within an inch of my car with a screeching halt. The driver, a heavily built man in his late-thirties with an ashen-grey face, reversed the Fiesta without even glancing behind him, pulling close to the curb. Kirsten was in the passenger seat and spoke to the man briefly, before climbing out of the car clutching a blanket to her chest and walking towards the nursery. It was only as she passed me that I realised baby Alfie slept somewhere beneath the bundle. Kirsten sashayed past me without so much as a sideways glance, wearing de-rigueur skin-tight hipster leggings and a short T-shirt.  Across her lower back I read ‘England’ in bottle-green ink. Still recovering from the shock of realising Alfie hadn’t been in a car seat, I marvelled at her flat, toned midriff, barely a few weeks after giving birth. Adam was now eleven but my belly still looked like it was made of play dough. 
I caught up with her as quickly as I could.
‘Hello, Kirsten.’
Receiving only a ‘Kevin’ style grunt in reply, I decided to leave any conversation attempts up to her from then on. I followed her to the nursery and waited as she buzzed the security intercom, trying to get a peak of Alfie beneath the blanket. All I could see was a shock of dark hair. As Kirsten leaned in towards the speaker and uttered what could only be described as another grunt, I found myself worrying whether Alfie could actually breathe. Amazingly the door swung open and allowed us entry, the staff obviously accustomed to recognising the dulcet tones of the children’s mother.
We both went inside, with Kirsten not making it clear whether she was happy for me to follow her or not. She certainly didn’t welcome me or hold the door open. The nursery smelt of new carpet and paint, and had large windows overlooking an outdoor play area filled with little tricycles. Children were milling around, some with coats on, some chattering to parents who had already arrived to pick them up. 
Kirsten stood by the door, and after a minute or so a young, blonde child wandered up to her and waited silently by her side. The little girl had pale, shoulder-length hair that clung to her scalp and an unhappy, angry expression. I was later to discover that this expression was permanent: her lip turned up at the corner, which meant she appeared to be grimacing. This was my introduction to Kirsten’s daughter, Charlotte, one of my new charges. She wasn’t to remain silent for long.
Shortly, a small boy with a stocky build approached us and looked up expectantly at the hard-faced woman beside me. His hair was dark and lack-lustre and he wore a fearful expression as he stood next to his sister, retreating to hide behind her small body as if for protection. Without a word, Kirsten turned and walked out of the nursery. As she passed me I caught the briefest glimpse of direct eye contact, enough to tell me she might be on something.  Her pupils were dilated and she looked even more vacant than she had the previous day. 
The two children, whom I took to be part of my new foster family, followed. I guessed the boy must be two year old Frankie. Poor children, with a junkie for a mother. My heart went out to them. 
Outside, Kirsten led the little ones towards over to the Fiesta. I took the opportunity to start the engine of my car and get all the doors open, guessing she might want to make the most of her last few minutes alone with the children. Making myself scarce, I sat in the driver’s seat, watching the family in my rear view mirror.
There didn’t seem to be much tenderness in action. Kirsten tucked the bundle that was Alfie under one arm, pulled some children’s car seats from the Fiesta and then trudged over to me. Jumping out to help, I took two of the seats, fitting them into my car without exchanging one word in conversation. There was a battered baby seat for Alfie, which Kirsten placed on the ground and lowered him into. 
Wondering why she had risked the earlier journey with him in her arms when she had a seat available, I was pleased and a little surprised to see how gently she handled him. He gazed in her direction, his eyes alert and suspicious of the sudden brightness. Kirsten fixed the straps of the car seat into place and caught her baby’s tiny hand in her own, hesitating for a moment. Leaning forward, she kissed his tiny forehead. The loving gesture brought sudden tears to my eyes but within seconds she was on her feet, leaving her son in his seat on the ground. Alfie’s close proximity to the exhaust pipe made me anxious but I didn’t feel it was my place to muscle in and move him with Kirsten standing so close by.
Hurriedly, I put Frankie in the front seat and while Kirsten strapped Charlotte in the back I casually walked around to get Alfie. He looked up at me with brown eyes full of a quizzical expression, his forehead wrinkled, tiny bumps for a chin and nose. His hands waved with quick movements and it was easy to picture him moving weightlessly in the womb. He was beautiful. Placing him on the back seat, I assumed Kirsten would climb in between Charlotte and the baby seat but as soon as the children were strapped in she closed the car doors on them.
‘S’later,’ she said, waving at the car without smiling.
‘Aren’t you coming back to have tea with us?’ I said, hopefully.
Kirsten shook her head. ‘No, you just take ‘em. S’easier.’
She turned and walked quickly towards the waiting Fiesta. The speed of her departure left me fearing the friction might cause the lycra of her leggings to catch light. I was tempted to recommend that she carry a bucket of sand around with her, dressed in that manner. Charlotte and Frankie watched with a mixture of confusion and distress as Kirsten got into the other car and the driver, who I could only assume must be one of the children’s fathers, sped away. Frankie was the first to start crying. A long, low howl, followed by shuddering, breathless sobs.
‘Mummy, Mummy, Mummy!’ 
It wasn’t long before Charlotte and Alfie followed suit. 
‘Where are you taking us, lady? Where are you taking us?’ the older two chorused.
‘What have you done with my mummy?’ two year old Frankie bellowed accusingly, as I carefully indicated and pulled out of the nursery car park. There were howls from the back of the car too, from his half-sister and half-brother.
‘I want mummy,’ Charlotte wailed, over and over again.
‘It’s alright, sssh.’ I tried to keep my voice light and even. ‘You’re safe with me. I’m Narelle and I’m going to be looking after you for a little while, that’s all. You’ll see mummy soon.’
‘Nah, noo-ooh, don’t want Na-na, I want mummy,’ Frankie screamed, his cries fragmenting into sobs.
Alfie kicked his legs around and screamed at the top of his lungs, catching the panic from his siblings. I felt like a kidnapper. Long gone were my hopes that fostering would be a wonderful, rewarding experience, during which I’d help three poor little darlings feel loved and cared for while Mummy had a bit of a break and time to sort her life out. The nearer I got to home the more I felt totally out of my depth, amazed my ears hadn’t popped with the cacophony of piercing cries filling the confines of the car.
The further I drove from the nursery, the louder the screams became, so ear-splitting that I began to fear for the glass in the car windows. I couldn’t help feeling that their mother, Kirsten, could have made this journey easier by either coming along for the ride or preparing the kids for the handover. But then again, what did I expect?  Kirsten wasn’t what I’d call the considerate type. 
She had not said more than five words during the whole handover. Social workers had given me reams of paperwork during training, in preparation for the fostering experience, but all of it failed to mention I might have to deal with a mother who spoke in a series of grunts and three children who had no idea they were about to be dumped on a perfect stranger. With a sinking feeling I realised the ‘Placement Information Record’ I’d read so eagerly days before was about as useful as a cardboard nappy.  
It was no surprise the little ones were reacting that way; they must have been terrified. Three distraught children who wanted nothing more than to return to the security of their mother, however chaotic a life she offered. After another minute or two I started to panic. How was I going to cope when we got home? I looked at little Frankie sitting beside me, his whole face damp with tears, and decided on plan B. 
‘We’re going to stop at Auntie Sarah’s house before we go home,’ I announced brightly. The howling stopped for a few seconds.
‘That’s right. Sarah’s house.’ Sarah, my aunt, lived between the nursery and our home. She was brilliant with Bethany and Adam, so I thought perhaps together the pair of us had a better chance of calming them down.
A few minutes later, I parked the car outside her house.
‘Here we are.’ As I jumped out of my seat I decided to lock the door before I made a run for the doorbell. The last thing I needed was for Charlotte and Frankie to tear off down the street.
Thankfully, Sarah answered the door within seconds. I was so relieved to see her. My own mother had died when I was nine and I found myself immediately comforted by the quiet, calm presence of Sarah. It was she who had taken me in after mum died and I often marvelled at her capability for warmth, especially at times of extreme stress.
‘How are they?’ she asked cheerily but I think my stressed expression told her all she needed to know. She followed me to the car and poked her head inside.
‘Well!’ she exclaimed. ‘Aren’t you all making a lot of noise in here? You’re very lucky you know. You’re going to have a lovely holiday with Narelle. She’s a lovely lady.’ To my relief, the children seemed fascinated by her plump, friendly face and her comfortable clothes. She wore a hand-knitted jumper, long flowing skirt and fluffy socks with sequins on the top. Her greying hair was bubbly, with curls caught up in a clip at the back of her head.  
I imagined Sarah standing at the head of a farmhouse table serving scones and jam and perhaps the children sensed her motherly demeanour. Whatever it was, it worked - they all stopped crying. ‘And after your lovely holiday you’re going to go right back home to Mummy, so there’s no need to worry. Shall I give you something special to take back to Narelle’s house?’
Frankie nodded his head tentatively, while Charlotte merely stared at Sarah with awe. ‘You wait there, and Auntie will bring you something.’
She went back inside and emerged a few minutes later with three small cuddly animals: a giraffe, a dolphin and a monkey.
‘There. Special presents to take back to Narelle’s house.’
Charlotte took the giraffe and held it tightly, pressing her face into the soft fur. Sarah laid the monkey on Alfie’s lap, leaving Frankie with the dolphin. He used its blue tail to wipe his tears away, smiling shyly at her.
‘I’ll see you all soon,’ she told them, blowing kisses at them and closing the car door. ‘Good luck, love. Phone me if you need anything.’ 
As we drove away, Frankie screamed. ‘I want Nanty Sarah! I want Nanty!’ 
One step forward, two steps back, I thought.

When we arrived home, I was relieved to see the cavalry, in the form of Bethany and Adam, awaiting our arrival.
‘I’m so glad you’re here,’ I told them, as they helped me unclip the children from their seats and carry them inside. Bethany adored young children; something I think Frankie could sense as he hugged his stuffed dolphin tightly to his chest and allowed himself to be picked up. His half-sister, however, continued to sob and Alfie was still wailing in his carry seat, his small hands jerking wildly.
Mark was waiting in the hallway as we carried the children through, but instead of studying the children, his eyes were focussed at a point somewhere above my head. It was then I realised, in the pit of my stomach - Mark knew about me and Chris.
One glance at the pained expression on Mark’s face told me everything I had been trying to ignore.  I wondered whether Chris was at the window – was it him that Mark was staring at?
I began trembling as I ushered the children inside, ignoring Mark’s stare. To his eternal credit, he knelt down on one knee and unclipped a sobbing Alfie from his seat. Cradling the baby in his muscled arms, he stood and walked through to the living room making soft, reassuring noises.
I’m not sure how I felt then, seeing him capable of such a loving gesture when his whole world was falling down around his ears.  The guilt pressing on my chest spiralled to my throat as I watched Alfie bury his wet face into Mark’s neck, his sobs gradually subsiding.
I was thankful for the distraction of increasingly loud wails coming from Charlotte and Frankie. Bethany and Adam hovered beside me, unsure, I think, of how to behave.  They had been so excited to meet their new housemates but as they watched the tear-stained faces of the toddlers and heard their sobs I could tell they weren’t sure that fostering would be as much fun as they thought.
‘Look, Charlotte, Frankie. This is Bethany and Adam. New friends to play with.’
Frankie and Charlotte took no notice, continuing to howl and wail. Alfie kept his face buried in the sanctuary of Mark’s neck, comforted by his gentle rocking motion. Mark’s uncharacteristic demonstration of altruism increased my discomfort. I couldn’t believe his concern for three children he’d never met before. He had been emotionally distant for so long I had forgotten his capacity for compassion.
‘Can we watch TV please, Mum?’ Bethany asked, interrupting my thoughts. 
‘Yes, off you go,’ I said, aware that Mark was avoiding my gaze. I could tell that Bethany clearly wanted to be as far away from the insurgents as possible. Adam joined his sister in front of the TV, and Mark and I, in a rare show of unity, stepped up our attempts to calm the children down.
‘I’m Mark,’ said Mark, rocking Alfie back and forth, ‘Mark.’
‘Mark,’ said Charlotte.
‘Upsape,’ said Frankie.
‘Come on.’ Mark addressed the children in his most spirited tone of voice. Where he summoned it from I had no idea. ‘Let’s go play in the garden. I’ll find a football for you.’
I could hardly believe Mark’s support and began to fear for his sanity.  The man who had spent the past year making my life a misery by criticising everything I did and complaining about minute and inconsequential behaviour from our own children, had found out I had cheated and decided to support me in my hour of need.  It didn’t make any sense and as I watched Charlotte and Frankie follow him outside to the garden I began to feel waves of nausea rising from my stomach. Sensing that this was undoubtedly the calm before the storm, I was utterly unnerved.
I peered out of the window, watching Mark’s valiant attempts to occupy the children. Instead of joining in, they wandered around looking lost and pleading to go home. There were toys on the lawn, but they simply weren’t interested. They didn’t know what on earth was going on and the last thing they wanted to do was play.
‘Let’s play football.’ I joined them in the garden, standing close to Mark but avoiding his eyes. Picking up Adam’s ball, I rolled it towards Frankie. Frankie put his arm around Charlotte’s shoulder, as though to protect his little sister from the evil silver ball at their feet.
‘I don’t think they’re enjoying it out here,’ said Mark, calmly, though I could detect the icy tone beneath it, ‘maybe it’ll be easier to calm them down inside.’
I nodded in agreement but back inside, things were just as difficult. The children weren’t interested in any toys or games and they certainly weren’t entertained by the distractions Mark and I were attempting. We watched helplessly as the pair of them continued to wander around, sobbing and hugging each other and begging to go home.
I fetched a big box of tissues to wipe the tears away and blow noses, and heartbreakingly the children began dabbing each other’s faces and telling one another not to cry. It was nice to see them being so caring and loving, and, in a way, good to know that they missed their home so much. At the time I thought it was a good sign and, if Kirsten ever managed to sort her life out, they wouldn’t be returning to somewhere they hated. I didn’t realise then that children want to go home, however dire their circumstances.
As I watched Charlotte toss a used tissue to the floor and pluck another from the box to dry Frankie’s tears, while giving him a childish hug and patting his head, I remembered what the ‘Placement Information Record’ said about ‘aggressive play in the home environment’. Apparently, the children had picked up on the violence they’d witnessed between Kirsten and Alfie’s dad, as is so often the case, mimicking the adult’s behaviour. I remembered reading somewhere that when children are taken away from home they unite with their siblings, joining forces in the face of adversity. It certainly appeared to be what the Taylor children were doing. I swallowed down a lump in my throat at the poignantly tender scene.
After tears had been dried, I pulled out Thomas the Tank Engine Big Red Book of Stories in the hope of creating some sort of distraction. But before I had managed to open its pages, Frankie wandered out of the room.
‘Frankie? Where are you going?’ I put the book down and was about to follow him when he reappeared suddenly, carrying all of the siblings shoes in his short, little arms. Quietly, he gave a pair to each sibling and looked at me expectantly, as if to say: ‘I think it’s time for you to take us home now.’
‘Let’s put those shoes back by the door,’ I said, hoping Charlotte wasn’t concocting similar plans to try and persuade me to take them home. I was impressed by Frankie’s persuasion tactics, though – I thought he might make quite a salesman some day, either that or a bouncer – he was a chunky lad. ‘We won’t need those until tomorrow when we go to the park.’ I put the shoes back by the front door, and on my return I noticed for the first time how dirty the children’s clothes were. With all of them sobbing and howling in strict rotation, it had escaped my notice.
Kirsten had given me a carrier bag of the children’s belongings, so I left Mark to deal with the entertainment for a moment while I went to dig out clean clothes. It was a relief to be away from all of them, even though it was only a short reprieve. The bag was supposed to contain all the items I would need to care for the children over the weekend, which I assumed, would include pyjamas, clean clothes, bottles, dummies and nappies, but I was in for a shock. The only items in the bag were dirty clothes, and I already had plenty of those: the children were wearing them. Kirsten had given me a bag of dirty laundry.
‘Mark?’ I called through to the living room in a timid voice, with the feeling that I didn’t even have a right to use his name. ‘We need an emergency supermarket dash. The children don’t have any clean clothes, nappies or anything.’
Mark nodded grimly, his eyes fixed on a spot below my chin. Clearly he wasn’t any keener to make eye contact than I was. ‘I think they’re hungry,’ he said, ‘Frankie is trying to eat his sock.’ 
I remembered reading something about Frankie’s unusual habits in the children’s placement plan. Frankie had a condition known as Pica and would eat inedible objects. I sensed an amusement in Mark’s voice, something I hadn’t heard for a long time. He probably didn’t realise how close he was to the truth. I made a mental note to update him on the children’s history once they were in bed. 
‘Okay,’ I said, the swirling in my stomach settling with the lightness in his tone, ‘I’ll get them some dinner.’ 
Mark nodded and turned to leave before I had a chance to catch his expression.
After preparing two portions of fish fingers, chips and peas, I ushered the children to the table and within seconds they were shovelling down their dinner at lightning speed. It was no wonder they needed refuelling after that crying marathon. I made a bottle of formula milk up for Alfie which took only minutes for him to drain, then Bethany helped me give the children a bath.
‘Charlotte’s T-shirt stinks of smoke,’ she whispered, as we led the children up to the bathroom, with me clutching Alfie to my chest, ‘and Frankie looks like a bouncer.’
‘Bethany!’
But I had to admit, I could easily imagine Frankie wearing a dinner suit, bow tie, a badge on his lapel marked security and an earpiece with a curly lead attached. As a matter of fact, I wouldn’t have been surprised to if the two year old, who already had a pierced ear, sported a tattoo somewhere under his clothing. Thankfully, when I undressed him there were no Millwall FC logos or Rottweiler silhouettes in sight. 
The children were despondent while we were bathed them, allowing themselves to be washed with grim, miserable expressions. They looked so small, the two of them sitting one behind the other, with Alfie cradled in the crook of my arm in front of them.  They were all utterly frazzled from crying so hard. I couldn’t help thinking how vulnerable they must feel, naked in the presence of a stranger. I felt guilty for rushing to bathe them, knowing it would have been kinder to leave them unwashed until morning but my instincts were screaming at me to scrub them clean and they badly needed it.  
Charlotte’s hair was so matted at the back that I couldn’t get my fingers through it, even with lashings of conditioner.  The creases behind Frankie’s ears were caked with grime so thick and hard that it would probably take days to remove. He howled when I tried to scrape some of it off and I began to suspect that the skin beneath all of the solid muck was cracked.
I decided to call it a day with their wash, making up my mind to give them a thorough going over when they were feeling a bit more settled. Something told me bedtime wasn’t going to be easy, despite their exhaustion. After all, if they were distressed simply because they were spending the evening at a stranger’s house, how would they feel about sleeping over?
By the time we’d dried them, Mark had returned from the supermarket so we got Charlotte and Frankie into their nappies and new pyjamas and tucked them into bed. Mark made up bottles of warm milk, which I handed to the older two before giving them their dummies to hold and tucking them in. They laid their heads on their pillows, their eyes filled with fear. I reached over to stroke their hair but neither of them would allow me to.  They shrank away as if they really did think I had kidnapped them. I was tempted to take them into my arms and hug them to reassure them they were safe with me but I decided not to push it. Bethany blew them kisses which they seemed to accept more easily. I suppose they felt she was less of a threat.
Standing at the threshold of their room, I wished them goodnight from a safe distance. But of course, good night didn’t mean good night. Nightmare night was more like it. Two hours later, Charlotte and Frankie were still screaming.
Every so often, I’d pause the game of Monopoly I was playing with Bethany and Adam, going in to stroke their heads and tell them they were safe and sound, but they howled louder whenever I went anywhere near them, so after a while I thought it best to leave them alone. It wasn’t until 11.30pm that they all finally fell asleep and I had settled Alfie in his cot next to my bed.  I was desperate for a blissful hour of peace and quiet before retiring myself, with the prospect of the nightmare starting all over again in the morning. I could already sense a two a.m. feed looming.
Mark, who had remained in the study since their bath, was waiting at the bottom of the stairs as I made my way down for the fourteenth time that evening. I could sense in his expression that he wasn’t about to start the conversation that had now become inevitable. Thankfully he seemed to appreciate my exhaustion.  Whatever he had to say about Chris could wait.  
‘I can’t do this.’ Tearfully, I walked straight past Mark, into the living room.  I sank down on the sofa as he waited in the doorway, looking like a stranger in his own home.  ‘I’m going to ring the emergency number for social services in the morning and get someone to take them back. I can’t do it.’ Burying my face in my hands, I wailed, ‘it’s awful, they hate me.’ As I took my hands away I resolved to ignore the inevitable spite I anticipated on his face.
‘Try not to think about it from your own perspective, Narelle. Those kids are going through hell right now.  What they think about you shouldn’t come in to it.’
I dropped my hands in my lap.  Mark was right. How could I even think about giving up already? I was silent, ashamed.
‘Here, get this down you.’
Mark handed me a glass of red wine and I grabbed it eagerly.  Within minutes I had fallen asleep.

I was woken by a loud thumping at the front door. Spinning around, I threw back the thin quilt covering my legs, guessing that Mark had draped it over me before leaving for work. There was no sign of him and I knew that was on the on-call rota for the week. He must have been summoned by the team. The small, considerate gesture brought a lump to my throat and I marvelled at his thoughtfulness, knowing the rage he must be feeling. His behaviour was difficult to reconcile and strangely alarming.
Walking through the hallway, my legs became inexplicably shaky. Filled with a sense of foreboding I reached for the latch as another loud series of raps beat on the knocker. Praying the children wouldn’t wake, I peered around the door to find Chris standing outside, his face filled with agitation.
‘What are you doing?’ I glanced across the road at his house, terrified his wife might be watching us. ‘You have to go. What if Ellie sees you here?’
Chris pushed his way in and slammed the door behind him. He reached out and clamped his right hand behind my head, leaning in to kiss me hard on the mouth. I dug my fingers into his chest, pushing him away. The risk he was taking was ridiculous.
‘Leave,’ I told him, my voice pleading, ‘I’ve got five children upstairs. What if one of them comes down? What if Ellie saw you?’
Chris grabbed my wrist and pulled me through to the lounge, forcing me to sit on the sofa. He sat beside me, his hand clasped around my wrist. 
‘I don’t care who knows.’ Chris tightened his grip, leaning into me. Before I had chance to answer, he was on top of me, kissing me, grabbing at my clothes. 
‘I want you, Narelle. I know you feel the same.’

Chapter Eight
Kirsten

The wind stung my eyes and the cold soaked through my leggings as I walked across the Downs at Epsom.  The sky was turning a misty grey as the sun began to rise, chasing away the shadows that I had imagined following me around through the long night.
I’d been roaming around for what felt like days and my feet were like, almost dropping off but I didn’t make any attempt to go home. It wasn’t home without the kids and I knew Pete was there waiting for me. Since Narelle took the kids I hadn’t been able to keep still. Pete drove me straight home but the roaring in my head grew loader inside the flat and I knew I had to get away. I slipped out as soon as he like, turned his back.
Walking across the fields and race track near Narelle’s house had made me feel a little better, like I wasn’t so far away from the kids. It was like I could pretend they were having a sleepover somewhere and I was waiting for the morning to like, pick them up? Every time I passed by the Fielding’s huge driveway I’d convinced myself that on my next circuit I would knock on their door but each time I got near my courage failed.
I didn’t dare to do it, especially as the house was in like, total darkness. I knew they were probably all in bed and they’d be like, so narked if I woke them. I knew it was mental to hang around but I didn’t feel right being like, too far away from them. Besides, I knew Pete’s plans for me and I couldn’t face going through it, not without the kids. 
My underwear felt damp against my skin as I walked, clinging to me like wet toilet paper.  To make things worse my swollen boobs were leaking and my bra was already soaked through with milk. I ached to hold Alfie in my arms and stroke his tiny head while he fed.
As I began another circuit I couldn’t believe that when I’d been re-housed by the social, a small part of me had wanted Pete to find me. Even though living with him had been like, worse than the years I spent in and out of care, I felt protected with him around, though I knew the last thing he offered me was safety. All I wanted now, more than anything, was to be with the kids and move on to a life I was happy to wake up to each morning.
The weeks on my own with the kids, before Pete caught up with me, had gone by in a haze. It was exciting to be free but I was also shitting myself, especially with Alfie’s due date getting closer and closer. I had fantasised about living alone for years, even though I knew the refuge I was booked into before a flat came up would only be able to offer us a tiny room. The reality of being on my own was scary, much more than I’d imagined. 
The days trying to keep the kids happy were long and lonely. Time dragged like Frankie’s feet when he was having like, one of his tantrums? Even when we went to the park or I was sitting like, bored out of my brain at mother and toddler groups while the kids played, the hours passed by like weeks. Night felt like a time of endless darkness, with only my bump in the bed for company. The longer I was free the more desperate I became for Pete. 
Now, as I rounded the bend in Narelle’s road I stopped suddenly, hearing something. It sounded like angry whispers and I realised they were coming from the direction of Narelle’s house. Seconds later her front door suddenly opened. Ducking down beneath the neighbour’s wall just in time, I like, strained my ears trying to hear what was being said but their voices were too muffled by the wind.
Peering over the top of the wall I caught a glimpse of her husband, a man with black hair who was backing angrily away from the house. Something about the way he moved struck me as familiar and for a moment I stared, trying to like, work out why. I couldn’t see Narelle but caught sight of her white dressing gown as she slammed the door closed.  
Standing dead still, I held my breath as he jogged across towards the road and then slipped through the side gate of the house opposite. It was four a.m. I couldn’t work out why he’d like, gotten up in the middle of the night and crept into his neighbour’s house. Maybe he was doing some work for them? It was a bit weird. 
At first I hardly dared to move in case he came back and saw me but after waiting a few minutes I stood up and turned back to walk in the direction I came from, heading towards the Downs. I knew I couldn’t risk hanging around any longer with Narelle’s husband likely to return at any minute.
Walking through the trees I felt strangely upset by their row. The jolt of adrenaline at almost being discovered made me feel even shakier than I had before. My heart beat fast against my ribs and the more I thought about their carry on the like, angrier I got. Why the fuck did the social take the kids off me for having my own domestics then shoved them in a stranger’s house where the same stuff was going on and paying them thousands of quid a month to do it.
If it wasn’t four am I would of called Telmo to ask what the fuck he thought he was playing at. Trudging across the Downs, I thought of poor Frankie and how upset he’d be if he was away from me and had to go through the trauma of watching more fights. 
I began to walk faster through black-limbed trees, coming out at the edge of the like, racetrack? The main road came within sight and I began to jog, feeling sick and headachy, finally longing for home. Walking around for hours in the dark had reminded me of how I felt as a young kid. I was scared to be out alone, frightened of everyone I passed in the local park, but I was even more wary of going home. Somehow, deep down I didn’t care what happened to me.
My legs began to shake with tiredness as I neared Epsom railway station. Eager to be out of the cold wind I forced myself to speed up and as the double doors of the station building automatically hissed open I felt relieved to be inside the brightly lit, almost deserted reception.
Glancing briefly behind me, I took a rekey of the area then ducked quickly beneath the barriers. I began to feel queasy again, knowing Pete would be furious I’d been out all night. He would accuse me of all sorts. The stress was getting too much to stand. 
Moving forward to the edge of the platform, I stared down at the silver metal of the rails. For a split second I was tempted to take a few steps further into nothingness. Another couple of steps.  I swayed, sweat prickling my forehead as a train punched towards me.
But the kids needed me.
I took a deep breath of cold air and forced my feet to shuffle backwards. If I let myself be blown into oblivion what would happen to them?  What I had to do was find the energy to fight.
Whatever happened, the future had to be like, an improvement on what I’d known before, didn’t it?
By the time I got back to my flat I felt wrung out with the emotion of the day. Longing for sleep, I like, collapsed onto the sofa, not wanting to go to bed in case Pete was in there. As my eyes started to close I thought of the kids.
Mummy will try her hardest to get you back soon, I promise.

I was woken by a slap around my face.
‘Wakey wakey, Kirst. We got work to do today.’
Pete was sitting on the edge of my sofa, where I’d flopped at five-thirty am this morning. He was holding a syringe with, ‘Lambeth House Drug and Alcohol Services’ stamped down the side of it. In his other hand he held a burnt spoon.
Moving slowly, robotically towards him, my eyes goggled.  Mesmerised by his practised movements I edged closer towards him, searching for the golden brown powder that I knew would chase my pain away. Not permanently, like the train would have done, but by resisting the urge to throw myself onto the tracks a few hours earlier I felt I deserved a bit of a reward. That’s what I told myself anyway; a chase of the dragon to ease me away from reality might not be such a bad thing, I thought. It’s not like it was my first time on the needle and being chilled might help me interact a bit better with the social.
‘May as well make a day of it.’ Pete poured yellow liquid from a Volvic mineral water bottle onto the spoon and lighting the metal. Carefully, he took the needle and sucked the hot, brown liquid up into the plastic barrel of the syringe. ‘Get you back on the spike and get you on a few punters. You gotta start paying for all this complimentary gear I’m supplying.’
I tried to ignore his words. I couldn’t think about what would happen afterwards. I held out my arm, pleased that my brain was blocking out what he’d said. I watched Pete put a red plastic belt, looking like something designed for little girls to wear with their like, party dresses, around my bicep. He pulled tight. For a minute I was tempted to laugh; with his stained teeth and dirty fingernails, Pete was in no way a registered medical practitioner.
But then he slipped the needle into my vein, and even though part of me screamed stop, stop! I let him push the plunger. Within seconds my body was wrapped by waves of calm, like warm custard. And then before I could work out what was happening I was being pulled to my feet and dragged along my hallway into the bedroom. Pete leaned back and locked the front door, slipping my keys into his pocket.
‘Who’s she?’ I asked slowly, staring hazily at a grey-faced teenage girl wearing a denim skirt, her white legs bare. She lay draped on top of my bed picking her teeth with jagged fingernails, right over the spot where Alfie had slept the previous morning. I moved towards her, ready to grab a handful of her like, hair and kick her out but Pete caught hold of my arm. 
‘Si’down.’ He threw me on the bed and I fell on top of her. She looked at me all dreamy like as if she didn’t give a fuck, clearly more out of it than I was. But as the minutes passed I found I didn’t give much of a fuck either. ‘There’s a punter due in a minute so after I’ve taken his dosh I’ll send him in ‘ere and you two do the business. Alright, girls?’
Pete disappeared, closing the door behind him. I felt sick as he unlocked the front door and I heard muffled male voices floating into the room.
‘Do yourself a favour, love...’ whispered the girl beside me. She was blonde and like, so pale, like she’d been dumped in the wash at too high a temperature. She didn’t have a clue she was laying on my own bed in my own flat. ‘Just do the punter, and don’t make a fuss. Or Pete’ll beat the fuck out of you.’

Chapter Nine
Narelle

As soon as I returned from dropping the older children to school I knew something was wrong. I hadn’t slept after Chris’s impromptu visit. It had been a battle to get him out of the house and took a threat of calling the police to report an attempted rape before he agreed to leave. But that wasn’t what was unsettling me now.
Mark’s Passat was the problem. It sat on the drive, even though he was scheduled to work early turns for the entire week and as I let myself inside the house I could feel tension in air. Alfie was fast asleep in his car seat so I set it gently down onto the floor and moved stealthily through the hallway. Straining my ears, it was as if I expected to encounter a gun aimed at my head at any moment.
The house stood in silence but I could feel a presence nearby. For one brief, panic-stricken moment I wondered whether Chris had hammered at the door after I had left for the school run and Mark had let him in. Studying his expression as I entered the kitchen, I realised the moment to confess everything was upon me. Mark had clearly decided the time had arrived.  My face flooded with shame. 
I had never mastered the art of lying. When I was young, my aunt had told me that she would be able to tell if I ever lied to her because I would get a red dot in my eye.  Until the age of ten, I only ever lied if I had my eyes closed.  It was only then that I realised how her lie detector trick worked. Unwittingly, I had learnt the value of integrity and took it with me through to adult life.
But along the way I had found that knowing the importance of integrity didn’t help to maintain it, especially when it came to marriage.  
Not that I’d ever been tempted to be unfaithful to Mark, before Chris turned up across the road. With the arrival of Bethany, our relationship was sealed in my eyes, impenetrable, at least by human hands. I remember how overwhelmed I was by the effect that motherhood had on me. The pride and devotion I felt towards my firstborn stunned me and for a few years I could hardly imagine wanting anything more out of life.
I began to shake.
‘What is it, Mark?’ I asked gently, though of course I already knew the answer.
Expecting him to circle the room and hurl accusations at me I waited for him to reply, biting my lip so hard I became aware of the metallic taste of blood on my tongue. Mark remained still, leaning with his back against the worktop. I wondered how long he’d been standing there, mute. Perhaps his anger took him to a place beyond expression?
‘I’m so sorry, Mark,’ I began, but my voice trailed off. 
Appalled, I watched as he cradled his head in his hands. Oh no I thought, anything but that. I would have preferred murderous outrage to bitter disappointment and despair.
My heart went out to him as he slowly lowered his hands from his face, peering across the room at me with a mournful expression. ‘You have no reason to be sorry,’ he said, his voice choked with emotion, ‘I’ve been a bastard. I’m so sorry.’
Unable to believe the direction the conversation was going in, I stood staring at him open-mouthed. He sounded regretful, contrite even.
‘I never meant it to happen, Mark, believe me. And now it has I don’t know what to say -’
He looked up sharply, interrupting me. ‘Of course not. Neither of us wanted it to come to this. But I’ve let...’ he paused, staring around the room as if expecting the right words to appear in the air, ‘things affect our relationship.’
I stood gaping at him, hardly able to believe he was taking responsibility for my betrayal. Trying to ignore the quivering muscles in my thighs, I moved towards him. Could it be that he was ready to accept what had happened with Chris and put it behind him? Or was it possible that he still didn’t know? If that was the case I couldn’t understand what all this was about.
‘It’s all my fault...’ I ventured. If he knew, I wanted him to come out and say it. Or perhaps that what he was waiting for from me.
‘You?’ His blue eyes focussed on me and I thought for a moment he might cry, something I had never seen him do. ‘You’ve done nothing wrong. It’s me.’ He walked towards me and took my hands in his own. ‘You haven’t said anything but I know you’ve felt it. The truth is I, it’s...’ he faltered.
Mark stumbling over his words began to unsettle me even more. He was usually unwavering with calm authority. I began to wonder what on earth could be wrong. Surely he wasn’t about to confess to an affair of his own. Hypocritically, I didn’t think I could bear that. For some reason the thought made me panic more.
‘Mark, what is it? Tell me, please.’
‘It’s work.’ He said simply, letting go of my hands and dropping his shoulders. 
I stared at him, disbelieving. There must be more to this, surely?
He noticed my confusion. ‘A year ago I was seconded to CEOP. The Child Exploitation and Online Protection Centre, working on an investigation to expose a nationwide paedophile ring. I haven’t mentioned it to you; I know how upsetting you find that kind of thing. Anyway, for months I’ve been sifting through thousands of messages and photographic images. It’s nauseating, Naz, gut-wrenching.’
My eyes blinked back tears of confusion. He hadn’t called me Naz for a long time.
‘That’s why I’ve not been able to touch you.’ He tapped two fingers angrily on the top of his head. ‘It’s all still stuck in here. I’ve not been functioning properly. I can’t bring myself to...’ He came to me and took hold of my hands again. ‘Tell me you understand,’ he said, searching my face.
For a moment I couldn’t speak. Did this mean he had found out about Chris but was taking the blame himself? Or did he still have no idea? This was my chance to come out in the open. And then maybe, just maybe, things could go back to how they were years earlier. For the first time in weeks I began to see a way past it all. 
Mark continued to stare and something in his expression told me he knew I was battling with myself. I could sense his anxiety as he waited for an answer but I was too petrified to respond. Did he expect me to be equally open in response to his own candidness?
‘Of course I understand.’ Slowly, I found my voice again. The look on Mark’s face was unbearable to watch. I knew then that I couldn’t tell him the truth. ‘I don’t blame you, Mark. That stuff would play havoc with anyone’s emotions.’ 
‘The investigation is reaching its conclusion,’ he said, a new energy in his voice, ‘we’re expecting to move in and make arrests at some point in the next month or so.’ He reached up and put his hand to my cheek. ‘If you can give me a bit more time, I’ll work through it. I’ll be back on the Serious Crime Group when it’s all sorted. Can you bear with me until then?’
I took his hand into my own and took it to my lips, kissing his palm. ‘I’m sorry too, Mark.’ The guilt was too much to bear. I knew I would have to do something to stop Chris coming after me. If Mark was still oblivious, there was no way I wanted him to find out now.
‘We’ll work through it. Of course we will.’

Chapter Ten
Kirsten

I woke up to see Pete standing by Gina and placing the red belt around her arm. As he slid the needle into her vein, Gina roused, turning to face him. She gave him a slow, dreamy smile. My tummy rolled, my eyes fixed on Pete’s hands.  A moment later relief flooded my veins as he made his way towards me.  Burning some more heroin in the spoon and using the same needle, he sucked up the bubbling brown liquid and injected it straight into the vein in my arm.
The heat hit my stomach first then spread slowly outwards. I knew more men were on their way but for that moment everything was blissful. Memories tumbled over themselves, and although none of them like, mattered, somewhere in the darkness at the back of my mind, my mother flooded back to me. My muddled brain transported me back to a time when I longed to be held tight in loving arms. I began to murmur, aching to hear my mum tell me she would help, like she was an imaginary security blanket. 
Pete pulled me roughly to my feet and through to the living room where an thin middle-aged Asian man wearing dirty cream trousers held up by string, sat on the sofa. He was waiting expectantly, his body tense and eager.
With the force of a moving train I remembered how I told my mum that I hated my stepdad, that the lessons in the dark he gave me was stuff I ain’t never wanted to learn. Her reaction had shocked me.
‘Stop telling me lies, Kirsten. How can you say such bad things about your dad?’ 
I had wanted to tell her then that I hated her too but the sadness on mum’s face shut me up. I couldn’t bring myself to believe she’d like, gone along with any of it and made up my mind never to mention the hatred I felt towards my stepdad again.
It was so rare for me to think about that day but heroin blunted the usual pain and anger that came with the memory. The thought floated around, harmlessly, so I could look at it from every angle. She had no choice, I realised suddenly. If she’d let me speak, really listened to me, her world would have turned to shit. She was too weak to cope with life on her own.
‘Get on with it, darlin’.’ Pete grabbed my arm again and dragged me towards the sofa. ‘He wants feeding too. He’s paid up front.’
I knew exactly what he meant and a pain shot through my chest as the bloke reached out and slipped his slimy cold hands under my T-shirt, lifting the damp material to expose my boobs. His face brightened when he saw how swollen they were, damp with milk.  Pulling me down to sit next to him, he leaned towards me, inhaling deeply. Stroking his fingers over the stretched skin of my chest, he rubbed his face into them.
Lowering his head, he slipped his cold lips onto my nipple, flicking his tongue and groaning with pleasure as milk spurted into his mouth. Pete sneered a gloating smile and turned to leave the room, sauntering through to the kitchen. I retched, my mind trying to think only of Alfie. Tears streamed down my face. 
I wanted to die.
I found myself praying for the morning to come so I could have another hit – enough to take the edge off while I got my head around what was happening. With the drugs in my system it was impossible to take in all the awful things that had happened that day, let alone work out what to do about it all.
My thoughts stabbed my mind like broken glass.

I lay in a dream-like state, trying to forget the man’s visit, knowing there was like, many more to come. Pete told me he could charge double ‘cos of my milk, ordering me to make sure I kept the supply going. When the punter left I was so upset I screamed at Pete for more gear, expecting like, a smack around my face. Amazingly, he gave it to me straight away without like, even a word? Except there was some things even smack couldn’t make alright. I felt sick to the core, knowing I would never feed Alfie again, not after that bloke had slobbered all over me.
That last hit of heroin was a few hours ago. Excitement was beginning to settle down into a hazy numbness that made everything seem like, unreal. But in the fuzziness my mind skipped through endless possibilities. I knew I had to get out. I’d jumped from the prison of my childhood, straight into another, but I weren’t gonna make that mistake again. I would run, hide out somewhere, nick food, whatever it took to be away from Pete. 
Suddenly I knew, more certainly than I knew anything, that I’d have to come off the smack first. I needed to be sharp and that meant getting clean. 

The knock at the door shook me out of my hazy nap and as I lifted the grungy end of the curtain I could hardly believe that my babies were back, waiting outside for me to like, sweep them up into my arms. For a moment as I propped myself up on my bed I managed to keep hold of the vision before it drifted away to nothingness.
The smack Pete give me last night was wearing off and I shivered as memories of the last twenty-four hours came back to me. After being passed around five different men, maybe more, I was thrown back into my bedroom next to a semi-conscious Gina. Drifting in and out of hazy naps, I lost all track of time and lay still, too miserable and ill to move.
Several male voices outside the room signalled the start of another shift but I knew Pete would come in first with a bit of something to get me through it. Even he didn’t expect me to prostitute myself with a clear head.  I sat up as he came in, reaching for the needle myself. 
‘I can do it.’
If Pete hadn’t already drunk his four cans of breakfast Special Brew, he would have been suspicious. But the early-morning alcohol had mellowed him, and he let me take the needle, probably pleased he had like, one less job to do?
My hand shook as I held the syringe over my vein. I was terrified, not of getting caught pretending to shoot up, but of not shooting up. Maybe I wasn’t ready to do this yet. Another day and I’d be stronger. I pricked my vein with the needle, but as I did I felt my chest throb and thought of Alfie and how much I longed to hold him. I thought of the ache I felt, wondering what the kids were going through and needing them with me.
Pete paced back and forth, then shook Gina, trying and wake her.
‘Come on, slag, wakey wakey. Get your fucking arse into gear.’
I pulled the needle from my vein and in a split second injected it into the wodge of toilet paper screwed up beside the bed. When Pete knelt down to pick up the syringe, it was empty. I lay back looking blissful.
Thankfully he didn’t like, notice one of my hands, oddly bunched into a fist?

Chapter Eleven
Narelle

‘Come on then, sit up for breakfast,’ I chirped in my cheeriest tone, still shell-shocked after the heart to heart with Mark. Besides struggling to absorb the relief that he didn’t know about the affair, I was trying to work out a way of keeping Chris away from the house and out of my life. It hurt to think I would have to confront the situation daily, with Chris being a close neighbour. Every time I spotted his car a wave of nausea hit my throat, knowing how deceitful I had been. Despite that, having been so fearful that Mark had found out, suddenly I just wanted to be safe. Overwhelmingly I wanted Chris out of the picture once and for all. 
I was thankful that Kirsten was due to visit the children that morning. Despite being only eight-thirty a.m. I was already shattered and longing for half an hour to collect my thoughts without one or another of the toddlers going into meltdown.
No wonder Kirsten had found it difficult to cope, considering her own circumstances. My problems were hardly on the same scale as hers but I felt the weight of the world on my shoulders.
Chris’s unannounced late night visit proved that ending it wasn’t going to be easy, especially managing to get rid of him without Mark finding out the truth. But dealing with the children had to be my first priority. Managing the younger ones took all my strength, without the effort of trying to make Bethany and Adam feel included and worrying about whether the end of my marriage lay around the corner. 
Thankfully, my own two seemed to relish the hustle and bustle of having more children around the house and regularly pleaded for us to adopt the siblings and become their ‘forever family’. Their enthusiastic acceptance of becoming a family that fosters eased any guilt I had felt about imposing such a huge change on their young lives but whatever happened with Kirsten, I knew adoption wasn’t a realistic option. The thought of keeping the little ones through the next few weeks of summer was more than enough commitment for me, however sweet they were. Having said that, the thought of giving Alfie back brought a swift lump to my throat and made my hands clammy. Already he felt like mine.
As far as my relationship was concerned, I found myself silently praying that Mark and I could move on without any collateral damage. It was too ironic for words - after cheating on Mark, I was now more desperate than ever to hold on to him.
‘Did you hear me, guys? I said breakfast is served.’
Frankie made a dash for the table, colliding into one of the chairs in his haste. Charlotte remained on the floor, sitting with her legs splayed out in front of her. I reached out for her hand and she rose lethargically to her feet. By the time she reached her chair Frankie had wolfed down two Weetabix and was banging his spoon on the table chanting for more.
‘I said I don’t want breakfaaaast.’ Charlotte had a way of hanging on to her vowels, making each sentence sound excruciatingly whiney. ‘I said that alreadyyyyy.’ She added her final comment, clinging onto the note for an eternity, her pitch getting higher with each passing second.
‘Come on, sit up now or you’ll be very hungry later.’
‘But I don’t like Weetabiiii–iiix.’
I decided to ignore all confrontation and went to the kitchen to get two glasses of milk. Alfie had been up at six-thirty am for a bottle and was now sleeping peacefully in his cot, relaxed, warm and peaceful. I wanted it to stay that way. By the time I returned half a minute later, Charlotte had finished her cereal and Frankie had jumped down from his chair and bolted across the room as quickly as his chubby, short legs could carry him.
‘Frankie, we’ve not finished breakfast yet, sit up please.’
‘More!’ Frankie dived across the room, leaping on his chair with so much vigour he slipped straight over the other side, head first. I caught hold of his feet just in time and dragged him back. Even before his bottom came into contact with the chair he had the spoon back in his hand and pushed me out of the way so he could dig into his second helping.
‘Narelle will go and get some toast for you. You sit nicely and finish your cereal.’
‘I don’t like toooast…’ droned Charlotte.
As soon as I reached the kitchen I heard little footsteps scampering across the room.
‘No, Frankie, sit back up please or you’ll get no more breakfast.’
At the mention of food Frankie scooted back across the room, climbed back onto his chair and, as I was about to reinforce good behaviour using positive praise (a managing bad-behaviour technique learnt during training), he leapt up on top of the table and began jumping up and down. Charlotte’s face lit up with pure delight and Frankie squealed with sudden glee.
‘No, Frankie, get down please.’ I used my most firm but patient tone. ‘We don’t bounce on tables, do we?’
Frankie continued to jump and the milk from two cups spilt onto the floor. I grabbed Frankie and plonked him on his chair, ran to fetch a cloth from the kitchen and returned to mop up the spilt milk. While I bent over on all fours Frankie left his chair and climbed onto my back, bouncing up and down with all his might.
‘No, Frankie, get down. I’m trying to clear this mess up, now get on your chair or you have to sit on the time-out stool.’
Surprisingly, Frankie climbed off and sat on his chair. I carried the milk-soaked cloth into the kitchen, buttered three slices of semi-warm toast and suddenly heard Alfie’s high-pitched wails coming from the bedroom. ‘I’m going to get Alfie. You two sit nicely for a minute.’
When I returned to the dining room with Alfie in my arms I found Frankie kneeling on the floor on a quest to pull as many books as possible from the shelves in front of him.
‘Oh for goodness sake, Frankie, sit at the table.’ Alfie didn’t seem too desperate for another feed yet so I laid him on a nappy changing mat on the floor. He stared wide-eyed around the room, his tiny mouth making an O shape as he took in the sights.
‘Frankie, did you hear me?’
More books flew off the shelf. 
‘For fuck’s sake, Frank, sit at the fuck-kkking taaaa-aable.’ Her instructions to her brother were most unambiguous, despite her mouth being crammed full of toast. I marvelled how she managed to sound whiney even when she swore.
 As if by magic, Frankie stopped vandalising the books and raced back to the table, helping himself to toast without another murmur.
I felt the need to acknowledge Charlotte’s support in some way. 
‘Thank you, Charlotte, but I don’t like the F word, it’s not nice so please don’t say it.’
‘Mummy lets me say it.’
‘Well, that’s up to Mummy but when you’re with me you won’t say it, it’s not nice.’
‘Mummy says it is nice so fuck off.’
What was it Supernanny had said last week? Distraction, not confrontation, that’s the best way. One could only hope. I decided to wrap up breakfast time as quickly as possible and get the children playing. 
Adam was getting ready to go and play at his friend’s house, even though Rohan’s mother wasn’t due to pick him up for another half an hour. Clearly, he was as keen to get out of the house before Kirsten arrived as I was for her to turn up. Kindly, he volunteered to bring his old box of cars down from the back of the toy cupboard upstairs, for Frankie to play with. Five minutes later, Frankie sat beside it, rummaging around with enthusiasm. Maybe this wouldn’t be as difficult as I first thought. I checked the time. Nine a.m. Kirsten was due any minute so I was glad everything appeared calm. I wanted her to think I was in complete control.
I retrieved a ‘My Little Pony’ set from the cupboard under the stairs and gave it to Charlotte, but she made no move to pick it up or even touch it. I checked on Alfie, who was still kicking his legs contentedly on the changing mat. I removed his nappy to give him more freedom of movement and sat down next to Charlotte, encouraging her to trit-trot the horses along.
‘Shall we brush their hair, Charlotte?’ 
Her only reply was a slight curl of her upper lip. Perhaps I’ll try dolls, I thought. She likes pink things, I know that much. I spent the next fifteen minutes conducting a mini-parade of every girlie toy in the house, but no matter what I put in front of her she showed no interest whatsoever.
There was nothing for it but to resort to my pièce de résistance: the Sylvanian Family Dream Cottage with all the little animal characters and a box of assorted furniture, enough to keep a little girl occupied for at least a couple of hours. Victoriously, I presented it to her, awaiting a gasp of excitement. Charlotte lifted her head to look at me for the first time since I began my toy-fair fashion show. 
‘Frankie stinks.’ She stared at me accusingly, obviously holding me responsible for Frankie’s offensive smell.
Feeling more than a little defeated, I reminded myself it was early days. 
‘Nappy-time, Frankie!’
‘Noo-oooo.’ Frankie wailed like a demented monkey and tore off towards the living room.
‘Come here, you little tyke.’ I chased after him and scooped him up playfully.
‘Ups-ake.’
‘What does that mean then, pickle? Ups-ake, you keep saying that. What are you saying, cheeky face?’
I tickled his tummy and lay him down on the rug. I tried to remove his trousers while his little legs thrashed around like a prize kick-boxer. ‘It’s not me that’s done a shit, you silly bitch, it’s Alfie what dunnit.’
Frankie scooted away. 
‘He’s saying “fuck’s sake”, Narey,’ Charlotte confidently volunteered in an uncharacteristically cheerful tone.
‘Upsake, upsake,’ Frankie chirped up from his position under the dining table, where I then realised he’d retreated, quite deliberately vacuuming up the breakfast droppings with his tongue, ‘upsake.’.
‘Don’t do that, Frankie, you’re not a doggy, you’ll be ill if you eat from the floor.’
‘Mummy lets me.’ Frankie moved along on all fours like a turbo Hoover, trying not to miss a single blob of Weetabix or slop of congealed scrambled egg mixed with ketchup.
‘I said stop it, Frankie.’ I bent over Alfie holding a handful of wet wipes. Frankie was unequivocally correct on one level; the smell was coming from his baby brother. ‘Right now, Frankie. Stop this minute or you’ll give yourself a tummy ache.’
‘Owch!’ Unable to suppress a screech I buried my face in my hands after one of Alfie’s prize-fighting kicks caught me between the eyes.
‘Hoo-hoo!’ Frankie squealed with glee and sat up to stare at me clutching my eye in agony, his eyes wide with sudden interest. I had noticed that the boy had an obsession with pain. Alfie took advantage of my incapacity, slapping his sock covered feet down into the loosened nappy contents.
‘Noooo! Stop, Alfie!’ I screeched again as the mess flew around me in what appeared to be slow motion, but not slow enough to prevent my face being adorned with brown dots. The smell was hideous. I reacted with requisite horror and began to retch. Where on earth was Kirsten? 
‘Alfie’s done a shit, Alfie’s done a shit!’ Frankie and Charlotte synchronised a war-dance around me, their feet smudging the poo-prints Alfie had so triumphantly created. I grabbed them both, one under each arm, no mean feat considering their combined weight of around five stone, and me weighing eight stone wringing wet. I raced to the bathroom and plonked them in the sink.
‘You evil bitch,’ Frankie yelled quite without provocation while I washed the faeces from between his toes.
In my head I began to chant a few words that were to become my mantra in the weeks to follow. ‘Just for the summer… just for the summer…’
Back in the dining room, I managed to clean Alfie up and get a nappy back on him as the telephone rang.
‘I feel like I’m living with a bunch of gangsters,’ I told Leslie, my friend of twenty years and most trusted confidante.
‘It can’t be that bad, they’re only toddlers.’
‘It is, Leslie, it is. Come over and meet the little darlings.’
Frankie strolled over and tried to pull the phone away. 
‘I want to talk to mummy.’
‘It’s not your mummy, it’s my friend Leslie, now be quiet a minute and let me talk.’ Frankie rested in between my legs and I stroked his hair, trying to keep him quiet long enough for me to finish the conversation.
‘I bet they’re sweet, I can’t wait to see them.’
‘Sweet doesn’t describe them.’
She sounded shocked. ‘Don’t forget how long it took you to register. All those hoops you had to jump through. You’ve always wanted a big family. Why don’t you chill and enjoy them?’
‘Mmm. I know you’re right.’ I became suddenly distracted, aware that Alfie was now wailing for his bottle. I continued to stroke Frankie’s hair and he entered a trance like state – clearly he was enjoying the fuss. He gazed up at me for a long moment. ‘Can I see your tits, Na-na?’
I could hear a sharp intake of breath on the other end of the telephone. 
‘I see what you mean,’ Leslie said. 
I lowered the receiver and checked the time, simultaneously attempting to extricate myself from Frankie’s soggy clutches. It looked like Kirsten wasn’t going to bother turning up. As I ushered them all back in to the dining room, part of me couldn’t even blame her.

Chapter Twelve
Kirsten

The next three days dragged torturously, while I clucked. 
Pete still expected me to like, service the clients, but I no longer had the like, luxury of numbness and oblivion to keep my thoughts safe in their own little bubble. Now I felt everything that was done to me, heard every moan and saw every bloated, pale old man who lay on top of me.
The truckers who’d been on the road for days without having a wash, who wanted me to like, bury my head between their legs; the married men who had a thing for dominance and left me covered in bruises… and Pete, taking his turn whenever business was quiet. And the whole time, I had to fake heroin euphoria, whilst secretly vomiting into my mouth and swallowing, trying to ignore stomach cramps that felt like I was trying to like, digest nails?
Thankfully, by the third day there was a change. And by that evening I was more with it. Vaguely aware that I’d missed a visit with the kids, I tried to focus so that I could like, figure out a way to escape. I wasn’t even sure what day it was or how long had passed since I’d seen my babies and I knew that freedom was like, at least two or three days away? The thought of so much time passing without seeing them or making any contact at all made my stomach clench with nerves but I had no choice. There would be no chance of out-running Pete while I was doing like, cold turkey. 
Without smack my body ached all over. I shook and shivered and my mind craved a hit like a bear pines for honey, but now I thought of the stuff as poison. Three days ago it was my saviour. But I knew that crack was what stood between me and the kids and so I hated it with a passion.
Two, perhaps three more days. I found myself trying to work out the number of punters I’d have to ‘service’ in that time – two an hour, a few slack times here and there. The number did like, fluctuate over the day. Mornings were the quietest times – probably another sixty men at least and the odd, and I meant ODD, woman.
It freaked me out that women paid for my services. It weren’t that I like, minded lesbians, not at all.  Live and let live, that’s what I thought. They probably were only dykes ‘cos of what men had done to them anyway. What amazed me about the women that came to my flat, or Pete’s fanny farm as he called it, was that they were happy to line the pockets of a pimp for half an hour with a woman who was clearly suffering and like, working against her will.
Grasping the thin sleeping bag on top of me and pulling it close for warmth, I wiped mucus from my nose and began to shiver, gritting my teeth to stop them chattering and clenching to make sure I didn’t shit myself. I’d already been to the loo twice that evening and couldn’t risk another for at least like, an hour without arousing Pete’s suspicion and getting another lecture about ‘time is money’, so I held onto the urge, shivering as I waited for it to pass. Goosebumps popped up all over my arms and legs.
I was exhausted, but also restless and unable to keep still, and for the fifth time that hour I got to my feet and shook my arms and legs to get some warmth into them.  A barrage of like, achy, shivery knives dug into my skin.
Determined to ignore the pain I like, forced my legs into action and began marching around the room.  My mind screamed at me, calling for one more hit of the drug that would transport me from the nightmare of my waking life into paradise. The bliss would be short-lived, but part of my mind didn’t care about that – it cried out for some relief from the pain.
It was a long night – the longest of every night I’d been away from the kids so far, and by morning I was like, shivering violently, listening to the never-ending start-stop of London early morning rush-hour traffic through the thin walls. What day was it today? Wednesday? I imagined city workers, builders, students, young mums, all rushing along the grey-paved streets of Mitcham, jumping onto red buses that would carry them into central London, or surging towards the blue-and-red sign for the underground and cramming themselves down the narrow subway entrance.
Forcing myself up, I like, moved slowly towards the window and leaned my head against the plastic blinds, reaching through to touch the grime-covered glass.   

Chapter Thirteen
Narelle

What on earth had possessed me all those months ago?
I lay alone in bed as dawn was breaking, with the realities of caring for Charlotte, Frankie and Alfie truly hitting home. It occurred to me that I must have been wearing a giant pair of wraparound rose-tinted spectacles during the entire foster-care registration process. Had I expected my foster children to have perfect table manners and write me daily ‘thank you to the world’s best foster mum’ letters? 
Not really. Well, not exactly. But if I’m honest, images of the Ingalls family in their sweet log cabin on the prairie, and flickers of the Brady Bunch had occasionally floated around into my head. 
I remember enthusiastically reading and re-reading the never-ending succession of leaflets and information sheets handed out to every would-be foster carer, honing in on the smiling, cheery children’s faces splashed all over the material and counting down the days until a large brood of children arrived on the doorstep. I know part of my longing for a large family probably sprang from the loss of my mother at a young age. My father joined her shortly afterwards and since then I had dreamed of filling a farmhouse sized table full of a happy, loving family. It was a hope that got me through my loneliest times. Since Mark refused to consider having any more children after Adam, fostering kept the possibility alive.
No doubt the poor little darlings would have frayed jumper sleeves and grubby faces, but I was certain they’d be eager for some motherly love, as I had so often been. Somehow I managed to skim over troubling topics mentioned such as ‘dirty protests’, ‘attachment disorders’ and ‘pica’. Every time I saw something a bit worrying, I simply glossed over it with my favourite pair of rose-tinted spectacles, turning all the disturbing stories a cheerful, rosy red colour, not realising that difficult was the very nature of the beast.
Of course I acknowledged that, certainly, some foster children were difficult, but I couldn’t imagine any difficulties my foster children would have that couldn’t be overcome with a little discipline and a nice big cuddle. 
It was with these cosy delusions of foster care lodged firmly in my mind that I arrived at my first ‘Introduction to Foster Care’ weekend at Hillview’s training centre in Kent the previous year – months before I kidnapped (sorry, fostered) my three small children. Life had been dreamily simple back then. Apart from financial strain, criticism from Mark and a bit of loneliness. Why hadn’t if I been less selfish and accepted those difficulties as a natural part of life?
‘I want b-b-breakfast!’ The sound of two young voices called out in unison, accompanied by unintelligible but adorable coos from Alfie.
It was the seventh morning of the children’s stay and I had become accustomed to their regular morning chant. Donning my dressing gown and wincing at the time, five-thirty a.m., I greeted them with as much cheerfulness as I could muster at stupid o’clock. Alfie had fed only an hour earlier and even though I realised I was probably deluded, I had hoped for at least two more hours of uninterrupted sleep before the next round of feeding.
‘Morning, sweeties!’
‘I want some c-c-crisps!’ Frankie leapt out of bed and pushed past me in his gusto to throw himself down the stairs and into his comfort zone: the kitchen. The noise of his departure roused Alfie and he began to cry using an insistent tone which I had learnt meant he would not be taking no for an answer. 
Although it had only been a week since their arrival, I felt as if I had known the children for months. Instinctively, I could already distinguish Alfie’s cries into different categories of tired, hungry, uncomfortable, bored or a combination. The elder two, I noticed, had their own peculiar obsessions that were becoming ever more apparent; the one they both shared being a fixation with food.
As I leant over Alfie’s cot to pick him up he smiled at me as if I was the most wonderful person on earth. I felt an overwhelming surge of love for him which I quickly swallowed down. He’s not yours, a nagging voice intoned in my head, don’t forget that. As I lifted him to my chest he tucked his tiny head under my chin and I steeled myself to maintain some distance, knowing already that it would hurt like hell when I had to let him go. Alfie was like any other baby with no obvious problems. He was an absolute joy.
Frankie, in contrast, was not a happy boy by any stretch of the imagination. Besides his food fixation, anything could make him angry and it was difficult to pinpoint the triggers. When he flew into a rage Bethany and Adam would make themselves scarce, a bit taken aback by the violence of his tantrums, only to reappear when his outburst had reached its inevitable cataclysmic conclusion and he lay with his tear-stained face resting on the floor, spent and exhausted. 
When he first arrived, in my ignorance, I thought it would be a good idea to approach him as he calmed down, stroking his head in an effort to comfort him. It was a mistake I wasn’t to repeat. He exploded, screaming and yelling, his face contorted and deepening to the colour of beetroot. Kicking, slapping and swearing like a docker, he pulled books from shelves, threw a toy train at poor Charlotte and unabashedly ripped his clothes off. His already pronounced stutter deteriorated each time his anger rose.
Charlotte seemed to have resigned herself to unprovoked attacks from her brother and apart from regular whining, the only other words that regularly left her lips in that first week were, ‘Frankie hurt me’. 
I hadn’t managed to work Charlotte out. She was a curious piece of work and of all the children, I found her behaviour the most unsettling. Rarely voicing herself, she had a way of looking at me with such contempt I almost felt fearful. Uninterested in toys or playing of any form, she would simply wander around in what appeared to be rather an unpleasant dream. I felt as if she’d had all the life and energy knocked out of her; I wasn’t sure if it was possible at three-years of age but if I’d been a doctor I would have diagnosed clinical depression and prescribed her with a large dose of Prozac. Besides whinging, she spent most of her time withdrawn into herself like a small mouse. Nothing seemed to evoke a reaction from her insular world.
As I followed the children downstairs with Alfie in my arms, his nappy full of a pungent substance I didn’t care to acknowledge until I absolutely had to, I called ahead to Frankie to wait for me. Charlotte, bringing up the rear, whinged, ‘I want food, I told you I wanted foo-oood, Na-na. I’m hungryyyyy.’
By the time I reached the kitchen Frankie had emptied two packs of cereal onto the floor and initiated a commando-style crawl along the newly laid flagstone tiles, vacuuming huge mouthfuls of cereal as he went.
‘Stop it, Frankie, that’s dirty.’
‘Fuck off,’ came his confident but muffled reply.

Chapter Fourteen
Kirsten

By nine p.m. I’d like, already serviced ten punters.  I knew that the worst part of the day was yet to come. Late evenings was the busiest, with queues of trollied punters gathering in the tiny hallway so me and Gina ended up like, seeing one client after another after another. Pete said it was ‘testament to his keen marketing abilities’ that we was often so busy, and it meant he got the maximum use of us for nothing more than a few wraps of heroin and like, one or two takeaways a day.
It had been a long day and I was aching for some time to be on my own but as I straightened the damp sheets on the bed, Pete barged in with another syringe full of heroin.
‘Gina’ll be with you in a minute,’ he told a male who hovered on the other side of the door, ‘and I got a lovely young thing in ‘ere for you, mate,’ he called out to someone else in the queue. Pete’s cheery banter sounded like he was knocking off cheap sofas or something.  ‘She’s young – not even out of school.’
As he leaned over me I was tempted to pummel him in the chest, around his face, anywhere I could get hold of him. But I didn’t. Grabbing the syringe as if I was desperate for another hit, I turned my back on him and knelt over the bed, slipping the needle into my vein. 
‘That’s it, darlin’. Shoot some of that then get your hair plaited up and take that face paint off. We got a right perv out ‘ere.’
Ignoring Pete’s sick chuckling, I moved quickly. Pulling the needle back out, I squirted the contents onto the sheet. Pete wouldn’t notice yet another wet patch on the already minging mattress.
Laying back on the bed, I threw the syringe back at him and faked a glazed expression. 
‘No more bog breaks for you tonight, Kirst, I’ve got a fucking queue out here.’
I nodded, forcing a hazy smile. He hesitated, studying me for a moment. Satisfied, he turned and left the room. 

It took another twenty-four hours for the heroin to like, leave my system enough for me to get some strength back? By the early hours of Sunday morning I was ready. Shoving a few of my clothes into a rucksack, I tried to remember how long it had been since I’d like, seen the kids. I wasn’t sure but I think it had been more than a week since they’d got taken into care. I should of had three contacts by now. Reaching to the back of the wardrobe, I grabbed my mobile phone. I’d hidden it knowing that if Pete found it he’d take it off me. It was out of charge but there was no way I could sort that out it in the flat.
It was agony being stuck with Pete, wondering what was going on in their little heads and horrible to think of them feeling that I’d dumped them as if I didn’t give a fuck. I wanted to like, claw my way back to them, to make sure they knew how much I loved them.
I stood in the bathroom of my flat, telling myself over and over again: You can do this, you have to do this. I’d spent the last few days trying to figure out the best way to escape without Pete finding out. There was no easy way; the front door was locked and he kept my keys in his pocket.
The only other possibility of getting out was here, in the bathroom. The toilet and stained plastic bath were weirdly arranged around what I guessed must be like, a chimney breast and the bare floorboards were pale, once covered by carpet, with dried up foam sticking to the floor in dusty clumps. No way out there, and we were too high up for me to escape through the window.
But above me there was like, a tiny wooden loft hatch in the ceiling? All I had to do was stand on the mildewed toilet, push the wooden panel upwards and climb into the loft, and from there I could run across the roof and climb into another flat – hopefully one that didn’t need a key to open the like, front door.
Clambering onto the dusty, stained loo, I pushed the loft hatch with all my might. There was a heart-stopping bang as the wooden cover lifted away from its frame, but I couldn’t afford to wait and see if Pete had heard. 
Pushing the loft cover to one side, I managed to like, pull myself up and into the roof space, my feet scrabbling on the sink and a rotten wooden window ledge for like, leverage.
The dark loft space was huge, running across the whole building. It was still and dark, but I could see orange street light glowing through some gaps in the roof tiles. It wasn’t much, but it was enough light to show up the wooden beams and the insulation in between them. Fear of what lay below halted my steps along the like, beam.  But then I heard a shout.  
It was Pete.
Angry roars rose through the hatch behind me and filled the loft space. My muscles, already weak from withdrawal, shook so violently that I thought I might collapse and like, fall between the rafters.
I heard a creak behind me, then a bang.  Pete was opening the bathroom hatch.  Knowing it wouldn’t take him as long as I’d taken to clamber up into the loft, I stepped from beam to beam, working my way along the loft until I found another hatch.
Imagining the punishment Pete would dish out if he caught me, I wrenched open the new hatch, hardly caring now what was below.  Whoever or whatever it was couldn’t be as horrific as the man whose snarls I could hear like, coming up close behind me.
I dropped down into the space, my fingernails clinging to the hatch until the very last moment.  Landing clumsily, I fell backwards and closed my eyes.  When I opened them and looked around I found myself in another bathroom. I guessed it was the one next door to my flat and prayed it didn’t belong to a nutter worse than Pete.
I ran – out of the bathroom and into a lino-floored hallway, hearing a thump as Pete dropped into the bathroom behind me.  Sick with fear, I tore along the hall and reached out my hands for the latch on the aluminium-framed front door.  Please don’t be locked.  
‘Get back here, you fucking slag.’ 
Pete’s scream filled my ears as I yanked at the latch and cried out with relief when it opened, tearing onto the walkway outside. I ran down concrete stairs with black-metal railings and finally through another barred door leading out to the street. 
Fear ripped through my insides and I screamed as I ran.  There was a loud thud and Pete cursed. Too afraid to turn around, I kept on running, though his shouts sounded further away.  He must have fallen down the steps as he pelted after me.
His fury would be at boiling point now, I realised, gasping for air. I shot through an alley leading away from the flats, my head turning frantically one way, then the other, trying to find an unlikely place to hide.  Maybe I should like, knock on someone’s door? If I could get inside another flat the owner could call the police and then maybe my mum.
But then I thought like, how likely was it that anyone would open their door and welcome a stranger at three a.m., especially one looking the way I did? The commotion would signal my whereabouts to Pete and he’d like, drag me back to the flat by my hair.
The only way was to run until my legs gave out.  Running through the alley, I noticed the grey concrete beneath my feet changing to cream-coloured pavements lined with grass verges and trees. I ran past terraced houses, late-night kebab shops with drunk men lounging around inside and Mitcham Junction station, closed up for the night… and kept on running.  
The pavements widened as I left the shops behind me and low silver railings came into view with a park behind it.  My breathing slowed a little. I guessed the large, green open space must be Mitcham Common.  Traffic rushed past but the peace of the common calmed me, reminding me of the Downs at Epsom.  I suddenly felt closer to the kids and there was no sign of Pete.  Although I knew I could be wrong, it didn’t seem possible he could reach me now. 
As my panic began to clear, the taste of freedom and thoughts of the kids fuelled fresh blood to my arms and legs, urging me to like, keep going. I knew I had to get far away from the area.  If Pete caught up with me he’d never allow me the chance to escape again.

Chapter Fifteen
Narelle

By nine a.m. I had managed to get all the children washed and dressed and had filled the bin with what was left of the nuked cereal boxes. 
‘The fat lady’s on the phone mummy,’ Adam called out from the living room.
‘Not fat, she’s pregnant. Don’t be so rude, Adam,’ I said under my breath, teeth gritted. Private school fees weren’t paying dividends yet. Embarrassing social faux pars were still occurring with alarming regularity, particularly at inopportune moments.
Fortunately Beverley seemed to find it amusing. ‘I’ve heard a lot worse, believe me.’ 
‘After the weekend I’ve had I can well believe that!’ The children had broken up for the summer holidays and the thought of six weeks alone with five children was offering me somewhat of a mental challenge.
‘Oh dear, I can imagine. Well I’m afraid it’s about to get a little more difficult.’
‘Worse?! Don’t tell me – Al Capone and his henchmen are preparing to move in?’
Beverley chuckled. ‘No. I’ve finally heard from Kirsten. It seems she’s been staying with relatives who don’t have possession of such a thing as a telephone. Anyway, she’s keen to see the children. I took the liberty of suggesting she could visit later today. How does that suit?’ 
‘That’s perfectly fine.’ I received the ‘splendid’ news with as much good grace as I could muster; glad she couldn’t see the grimace I pulled, involuntarily, whenever Kirsten’s name was mentioned. ‘What time will she be coming?’
‘Three-thirty. Have fun.’
Beverley said her goodbyes and told me that from that moment she would be on maternity leave and all future contact with social services would be with a Portuguese social worker, Telmo. I decided not to mention anything about the forthcoming contact to Charlotte and Frankie in case Kirsten didn’t turn up again. Since their arrival they had asked for their mother constantly and I couldn’t face dealing with the fallout if they were let-down again.
By late afternoon I was glad I hadn’t.
Three thirty came and three thirty went. So did four thirty. By five o’clock I thought I had better get the children some dinner, so I served cottage pie and vegetables, deflecting endless questions from them about when they were going to see mummy. When another hour drifted by with no sign of her I was sure she had stood them up again.
At six-thirty p.m., I was preparing to give the children a bath when the doorbell rang.
Ring, ring. Ring, riiiinng.
It had to be Kirsten. I marvelled at the way she even managed to ring the doorbell rudely. As I answered the door, I thought what a funny thing life was. At three thirty, I’d been dreading Kirsten’s visit, steeling myself for an hour of uncomfortable silences, peppered with the grunts and shrugs. But by now I was so relieved she’d turned up at all that I could have hugged her – that’s if she hadn’t pushed straight past me without saying a word. Still, I thought to myself brightly, at least I wouldn’t be sending two miserable, crying children to bed tonight.
As Kirsten swaggered on into the living room and grunted a greeting at the children, I noticed, too late, that she was carrying a bag of doughnuts and two bags of chewy sweets. Since I’d given the children dinner not too long before, those bags of concentrated sugar said to me: ‘warning: will cause alarming hyperactivity and keep children awake until three in the morning’.
‘Kirsten, I…’
But she had already dropped the confectionary onto my Persian rug and let the children tear into everything like a pack of hyenas. Within minutes, the carpet was covered in wrappers and sugar granules, the children cramming sweeties and doughnuts into their mouths with such vigour I was amazed they didn’t inadvertently scoff the plastic bags and wrappings too.
It took a moment or two to recover from the shock of witnessing sugar spread all over my 80% wool twist but once I had rallied I began to notice Kirsten’s appearance. Although unimpressed by the level of personal grooming she had achieved on our first meeting, at least on that occasion a reasonable proportion of her flesh had been covered. Now there was an inordinate amount on display between her cheap, short black dress and high heeled shoes. Even worse than that, she looked like she hadn’t showered for days and her bare skin was dotted with bruises.
‘Is it possible that we could have some like, privacy?’ she asked.
Prickling, I hesitated, conducting a hasty risk assessment. Was it possible that she genuinely wanted to spend some time with the children away from prying eyes or was her request all part of an elaborate attempt at distraction burglary? After an awkward pause I nodded grimly, reassuring myself with the thought that if the situation became remotely untenable I could renegade on my agreement with social services to facilitate contact in my own home. ‘I’ll be in the kitchen if you need me.’
‘Mummy can’t stay long,’ Kirsten blatantly announced as I walked away. She was sitting on the edge of the sofa and watching the children with a faraway expression as they chewed and drooled and fought each other over different coloured sweeties.
It was Charlotte who first grasped the meaning of Kirsten’s casual statement. Her eyes filled with tears.
‘Don’t go, Mummy.’
Seconds later, both Charlotte and Frankie were crying and bellowing, tears running down their red sticky faces, angry little hands balled into fists.
‘Don’t go, don’t go, don’t go,’ they wailed.
‘I won’t be long,’ I called out over my shoulder, fighting the urge to comfort the children, but recognising their need for one-to-one time with their mother. Why couldn’t she have told them she was going a few minutes before she actually left? I realised I had no power over her actions but where was her common sense? Resigning myself to a messy house, I went to busy myself putting away the washing up and wiping down things in the kitchen that were already clean. 
After ten minutes or so, I heard the worrying sounds of little footsteps running around in the room above me and pictured, rightly as it turned out, chewed-up sweets and paper wrappers stuck all over the house. Moments later I heard those same footsteps pounding down the stairs, the children crying hysterically and begging their mum not to go. 
‘Don’t leeeeave,’ screeched Charlotte, ‘Muuuummy. Please Muuummy.’
Kirsten took the older two into the garden and left Alfie napping in his pram. I was relieved he was asleep. I couldn’t see how she would cope with all of them. She seemed overwhelmed by only two children, to say the least.
Through the window I could see why she had taken Charlotte and Frankie outside – she lit up a cigarette as soon as she reached the patio, watching as they played on the grass, momentarily distracted. While they played out there I took the opportunity to go around the house picking up sweet wrappers and wiping away smears of strawberry jam. But after half an hour or so, I was beginning to get more and more anxious about bedtime. I’d been trying my hardest to establish a regular bedtime routine for the children, but with Kirsten’s arrival all of that had gone out of the window and I was worried I’d have to start from scratch again tomorrow night. I decided to ask Kirsten if she would like to give the children a bath, and then put them to bed herself. She could at least make herself useful since she had been three hours late.
‘Kirsten?’ I came out into the garden, where she stood with her shoulders drooped, watching the children crawl around on the lawn. ‘Would you like to give the children a bath now and put them to bed?’
Kirsten shrugged, which I interpreted to mean yes, and a few minutes later she passed me in silence, taking the children upstairs and into the bathroom. After what must have been the shortest bath ever, with Kirsten presumably dipping each child in the water for a split second before hauling them out again, I heard the click of her heeled shoes on the stairs. From the galleried landing above, the children were howling and calling: ‘Mummy, Mummy, Mummy,’ in tear-soaked voices.
I poked my head out from the living room.
‘Are they both in bed?’
‘Yeah. In bed, yeah. I gotta go.’ Kirsten was obviously aware of the children’s crying and bothered by it, I could see by the anxiety etched onto her face. 
‘Gotta go,’ she said again, wincing as Frankie screamed: ‘MUUUMMMY’ at a particularly high pitch. ‘S’later.’ She turned and walked out of the front door, slamming it behind her, and I watched her half-walk, half-run past the living room window and across our drive. I could understand how she felt: hearing the screeches coming from upstairs I wanted to run away too.
Staring out of the window, I wondered how she was planning to get home to Mitcham. One of the conditions social services had placed on Kirsten was that she severed all contact with her partner, Pete Kernick. I knew that Beverley suspected they were still in a relationship, albeit perhaps a rather reluctant one, as far as Kirsten was concerned.
Before going up to attend to the children I leaned further towards the bay window, trying to catch sight of the direction Kirsten was going. If she was driven here by Pete and he was waiting for her outside, I would be duty bound to report it to Telmo, the new social worker.
I was surprised to see her sitting on our front wall, her head bent towards her knees. Making the assumption that she was texting Pete to come and pick her up, I ventured onto the drive and called out to her.
‘Is everything okay, Kirsten?’
She turned around sharply, alarmed. Tears were streaming down her face but she swiped at them angrily, nodding at me dismissively. By the time I reached her she was standing, ready to run off.
‘Kirsten, wait.’ 
‘Oh for fuck’s sake, what d’ya want from me?’ She hung her head, sniffing, afraid to show her vulnerability. 
For some reason, her aggression heightened my pity for her and I felt an urge, not for the first time, to reach out and give her a hug. She seemed to sense the action as an impending threat and began backing away from me.
‘I needed a sec. Sorry for sitting on your precious wall. I’m off.’
‘No, wait, please. It’s alright.’ I reached out and grabbed her hands, holding them tightly. ‘I’ll take care of them, Kirsten, I promise. I know you love them.’
She looked taken aback, meeting my gaze for the first time. I was moved by the pain I saw in her eyes. She began to sob, her shoulders jerking. 
‘Will you?’ she whispered. ‘Will you really?’
I nodded soberly, my own eyes welling up. ‘I’ll care for them like they’re my own.’
‘Thank you,’ she said, then without warning she pulled her hands away from my own and turned on her heel, heading as speedily as she was able in four inch heels, towards the Downs.

Chapter Sixteen
Kirsten

Running from Narelle, I was filled with a certain feeling that if I like, left her house, I might never see my babies again.  Apart from the kids, there was no one else in the world who loved me. Leaving them felt like a knife plunging into my heart.
For some reason I believed what Narelle said though. She like, seemed to understand what I was going feeling. I caught the look in her eyes, like for a second she ‘got’ me. No one else ever seemed to listen to me.
I know she was like, up herself but I thought thank God for you Narelle, thank God they’re with you.
I never thought I’d be so thankful to a woman like that. When she held my hand I felt for a second as if she really like, cared. I snatched the shoes off my feet and ran in the direction of the town centre, though I had no clue where I would go when I got there.
It was pointless heading for the station. I couldn’t face being too far from the kids. I had the feeling that they were slipping away from me fast and I wanted to stay close by. Besides, my flat was definitely off the map now, with Pete waiting there for me. He’d never forgive me for running off when business was booming.
It was getting dark as I sprinted barefoot through the shadowy tree-lined streets, half-lit by the orange glow from roadside lamps. Half an hour later I still hadn’t reached the town but felt like I’d outrun the demons following me from the brothel. Although I’d been running and it was a summer’s evening, I felt freezing cold. The heroin diet had reduced me to skin and bone and I like, shuddered with cold.
Slowing to a fast walk, I could tell from the road signs that I was finally nearing Epsom town centre. I had no idea where I could shelter until I spotted an underground car park across the street. I decided to duck into it and get my breath back.  Chances were that Pete hadn’t managed to follow me but if he had I hoped to feel less like, exposed underground. 
The car park was freezing but thankfully it was around 8.30pm, too late for office workers to be using the place and the cavity under the stairwell looked like a quiet spot to rest. Kneeling down in the dark space, I decided it was as good a place as any to get some kip. Pulling all the clothes from my rucksack, I wrapped them around myself and like, laid my head down on the bag for comfort.

Chapter Seventeen
Narelle

Recovering from the sight of Kirsten’s raw vulnerability, I trudged upstairs with a world-weary sigh, to find Charlotte and Frankie still hysterical. It wasn’t too much of a surprise to discover that Kirsten had put them into bed soaking wet, wrapped in their sodden bath towels. What was surprising was her reaction. Clearly she loved them dearly but her treatment of them was entirely incongruous to the level of care she bestowed. I began to consider the possibility that perhaps she simply knew no other way.
Reaching for Frankie, I lifted him out of bed and removed the towel from beneath him, holding him close as he shivered against me. Kirsten hadn’t even attempted to put his pyjamas on. He stopped crying, nestling his damp hair into my neck with jerky movements as his sobs subsided. It was the first time he had accepted comfort from me so easily and I felt a swell of pride at the breakthrough, quickly eroded when I spotted Charlotte eyeing me suspiciously from her bed. There was a challenge in her stare, daring me to approach.
Ignoring her for the moment, I sat Frankie on the rug in his pyjamas and gave him the book, Brown Bear, Brown Bear, What do you See?, chanting through the text in a sing-song voice. The method had worked a treat over the past couple of days and he was now able to recite the words on each page by himself, an achievement he was very proud of. Leaving him to continue on his own, I summoned the courage to approach his rather sadistic looking sister. 
‘Come on, Charlotte, upsy-daisy. I need to change that wet sheet.’ Expecting a barrage of unnecessary and filthy language, I was surprised to find her silent and pliable as I reached out to lift her up. She was shivering more violently than her brother and I held her stiff body against me for a moment, relishing the rare opportunity to hold her. Usually she shrugged me off with a grunt, her lip curled in disgust. It was as the pain shot through my chest that I realised I’d been naive to lower my guard; a full set of milk teeth were lodged rather determinedly into my skin and despite my piercing howls Charlotte remained steadfast in her grip.
Only when I placed my hand on her forehead and pushed with as much force as I felt justified to use, did she stop, releasing me from her oral clutches. I sat her forcefully on the mat next to Frankie, swallowing down an overwhelming urge to smack her leg.
‘Charlotte,’ I half-shouted, battling to keep my tone controlled, ‘that was a very nasty thing to do, you have really hurt me.’
I ignored her expression of utter triumph, giving her a look that I hoped said everything I was thinking and a bit more, while remembering the advice from our weekend introduction to fostering course. I quote; ‘if you feel levels of frustration rising to point where loss of self-control is feared, place the child in a safe environment and leave the room. If this action does not provide satisfactory relief, perhaps go into the garden and scream loudly using short bursts...’
Unwilling to alarm Bethany and Adam who were making cakes downstairs (or any of the neighbours for that matter) I ripped the damp sheet from the bed with unnecessary violent overtones, quelling my anger to a more manageable level so that I was able to dress Charlotte in fluffy pink pyjamas with no further injury to either party. Despite my brusqueness she remained belligerent, staring at me as if both the episode with her mother and the unannounced mauling of my chest were entirely my own fault. I reached for her hands and lifted her overzealously to a standing position, briskly pulling her pyjama bottoms up to her waist. She shivered, goose bumps visible on her skin. A rush of sudden pity chased away all my residual anger as I took in the sight of her prominent hip bones. Despite regular meals, she hadn’t recovered the normal weight of a three year old.
‘What are we going to do with you?’ I asked with automatic affection, fitting a clean sheet on the bed and guiding them both towards it.
Charlotte climbed in and pulled the duvet up to her neck, turning silently away from me to face the wall. Frankie reached his arms out and I lifted him up, albeit a little furtively in case he fancied competing with his sister and taking a chunk out of me himself.
‘I want mummy,’ he whispered in my ear.
‘I know, sweetie,’ I told him. He snuggled his head into my neck and I rocked him gently. The sound of his warm breath reached my ear as he leaned back and whispered, ‘I love you, Na-na.’
‘I love you too, sweetie,’ I answered instantly, poleaxed by a sudden rush of love for him. This evening was the first time he’d shown any real acceptance of me and I was touched to the core. Laying him gently down next to Charlotte I said, ‘only two more sleeps and you’ll see mummy again.’ I tried to sound confident but I wasn’t at all sure whether Kirsten would bother to attend her next scheduled contact.
Switching off the light, I opened the door to my own bedroom, peering in to check on Alfie who was sleeping soundly in his cot beside my bed. Grateful that I had remembered to remove the cordless phone from its position beside my bed, I ran downstairs as its insistent shrill tones summoned me. 
It was Telmo.
I found myself relaying Kirsten’s visit but for some reason stopped short of giving the worst of the details. I’m not sure why. Though I knew it was my job to give a realistic picture of Kirsten’s parenting skills and I may actually find myself summoned to court at some future stage to testify as a witness for social services, something held me back.
Towards the end of our conversation Telmo gave me a list of summer holiday sessions run for the children at their Surestart nursery. The nursery was managed by social services and children from deprived areas/backgrounds were allocated a varying number of sessions throughout the summer break, designed to keep parents under stress reasonably sane.
Since the elder two were accustomed to going regularly, Telmo wondered if I would like to keep the sessions going, even though I was clearly not under stress like Kirsten was. Was she kidding?
A regular two hours without the children throughout the six weeks? I could hardly imagine such luxury. Immediately, I agreed to take them, anticipating their visit to the play-centre in two days time with the eagerness of someone about to set off for a health spa for a week. Two hours off with Bethany and Adam for company. It would be utter bliss.
In total ignorance of the revelation that was to come, I said my goodbyes to Telmo and replaced the receiver, invigourated with a light-hearted feeling that maybe, just maybe, things were going to work out fine.


Chapter Eighteen
Narelle

The next day I stood in front of the mirror in the bedroom pulling a brush roughly through my mousy hair. I couldn’t help but notice how the stubborn, tangled curls seemed flecked with an extra helping of grey. A low pull in my tummy threatened the arrival of my period, something, today of all days, I could do without. Not telling Telmo the truth about Kirsten’s apparent lack of concern for her children was playing on my mind, as well as an unsettling quiet emanating from the other side of the road. I hadn’t heard from Chris for a full twenty-four hours and couldn’t shake the feeling that it meant something worrying was afoot.
Placing a hand on my stomach, I realised that for the past twenty years my periods had been the one constant in my life, the only thing I could rely on. Glaring at my reflection in the full-length mirror of my bedroom, I started suddenly as Mark crossed into view. I thought he had already left for work. He lowered himself hesitantly onto our lilac floral duvet, a look of apprehension on his face. My pulse began to rise.
Crossing the room, I sat down next to him. ‘What’s the matter?’ 
He turned to face me, his lips twitching as they struggled to find the right words.
‘Mark, please. What is it?’
‘I need some time alone, Narelle. I need space to think things through.’
I felt queasy now. ‘Things? What things?’ 
Mark turned back slowly, forcing himself to look directly into my eyes. ‘I know it’s not what you want to hear right now but things haven’t been right for a while and-…’
‘But I thought you said it was your job?’
He shrugged. ‘Partly it was.’ He turned away from me and I began to get the dizzying sense that nothing was as I had thought. ‘I know this isn’t easy, Naz but I’ve been unhappy for a while now and…’ his voice grew steadier as he spoke, gaining confidence.
‘Unhappy?’ I began to feel angry and stared at him with clear, cold eyes. ‘You’ve been unhappy,’ I repeated, incredulous, ‘and what about me? Am I entitled to know why you’re not happy?’
‘I don’t know why.’ Mark lifted his hands as if literally trying to offer an explanation, but he didn’t have one. ‘Let’s not make this harder than it already is.’
‘Oh no, of course not, we wouldn’t want to make it hard for you would we?’
‘I don’t want to hurt you, Narelle.’
‘Then why are you?’
‘I told you, I don’t know,’ Mark tried to explain, lamely, ‘but you’ve been so... different lately, I don’t feel I’m doing you any good.’
‘I wonder why that is?’ I rose to my feet, pacing angrily across the bedroom floor. ‘Maybe it’s something to do with you not coming near me for months on end. Or criticising everything I do and say.’
‘I’m sorry, Narelle, I don’t want us to pull each other apart…’ he said calmly.
‘Well it’s a bit late for that.’ I banged my open palm on my chest of drawers. ‘I need to know why this is happening.’
Mark held up his hands again. ‘Think about it.’ He spat the comment out. ‘I’m sure you’ll come up with something.’
My breath caught in my throat and I stopped pacing, pointing my forefinger accusingly. I knew it was hypocritical but attack is the best form of defence. It’s all I could think of to do. ‘Ah. So that’s it, there’s someone else. You’re running off with someone else.’
‘No, it’s not that.’ Mark’s tone was steady. He walked towards me, reaching out to grab my hand. I snatched it away. ‘I think we both need time to work out what we want.’
‘I know what I want,’ I snapped, but my voice was losing conviction. ‘I want you.’
‘You’ll be okay on your own for a while.’ He rose and walked to the door. A dull ache thudded in my chest. ‘We’ll both be okay.’
‘Don’t you dare tell me how I’ll be,’ I called after him as he walked down the stairs. Tears rolled down my cheeks as the reality of being separated from the man I’d built my life around for most of my adult life suddenly made me realise how much I’d come to depend on him. 
And a sudden terror hit me as I realised I was now solely responsible for five children. 

Chapter Nineteen
Narelle

The light drizzle I woke to the following morning had fortified into a heavy downpour by the time I left the house to strap the babies into the car, the large drops soaking my newly washed hair. It was the first hair wash I’d managed to fit in over the whole week and so my heart sank as I caught sight of myself in the wing mirror, my carefully straightened waves all sprung into a tight, frizzy mess. I bent my head over Alfie’s seat as I lifted him into the car to protect him against the rain and hurriedly lifted his nappy bag into the foot well in front of him.
Sarah had invited Bethany and Adam to stay with her for a few days and had picked them up the previous night. Although I missed them I was glad of the opportunity to try and sort things out with their dad before they picked up on anything being wrong.
Pulling away from the driveway and onto the quiet residential street we had moved into fifteen years earlier, I tried to consign Mark’s departure to the back of my mind. I’d been unable to think about much else each waking hour, my mind lurching from rage to desperation. It was difficult to function well with the stress and I was anxious to shake myself out of it before the children picked up on it.  
By the time I reached the main road I was yawning regularly and the children were all yelling at the tops of their voices, intermittently releasing their seat belts and climbing over the back seats of the car. 
Pulling over, I strapped them in as tightly as the fittings would allow and rejoined the traffic, taking deep steadying breaths to regenerate my patience levels. I had tossed and turned restlessly for most of last night, unable to find a comfortable position. Images of a shadowy figure threatening to expose my betrayal had filled my mind, while Mark and his reasons for leaving battled supremely for equal attention. I simply couldn’t fathom it; if Chris hadn’t told Mark, what had gone wrong? Why had I ever got involved with him in the first place? I had been lonely for some time but even so, I must have been out of my mind to gamble with my family. 
After driving for ten minutes the heavy rain receded leaving a wreathing mist in its wake, adding to the already gloomy, claustrophobic atmosphere of the car. Charlotte and Frankie continued to jump out of their seats and I groaned, trying to ignore the gnawing ache of anxiety at the pit of my stomach.
It was no use. Nausea overtook me as I pulled over to the side of the road, feeling a sudden and overwhelming need to speak to someone. Shakily, I punched a number into the keypad of my mobile and pressed SEND.
‘Hello, Sarah.’
‘Oh hello, darling. The children are fine. We’re making some pancakes. Do you want to talk to them?’ My aunt spoke with a soothing calm and my pulse slowed dramatically at the sound of her voice. I pulled my key out of the ignition and reached for the door handle. ‘I won’t be a minute,’ I whispered to the children before jumping out of the car and locking them in. I moved to the pavement and spoke in a low tone.
‘Mark’s left me.’ I told Sarah without preamble, eager to share the truth with someone I knew would care. My voice was flat and emotionless, as if all the shock had left my body leaving only an exhausted acceptance behind. 
‘He whattt?!’ Sarah shrieked.
‘He’s left me,’ I repeated, slowly and quietly. ‘He said he needs space. He’s not sure he wants me anymore.’ Wiping away tears with the back of my hand, I gripped the phone tightly, listening gratefully to the shocked silence at the other end of the line.
‘I can’t believe it,’ the response came after a few seconds. ‘The bastard. And you with all those children to look after…’
I took a deep breath and felt more relaxed than I had for days, as if involving the matriarch of the family relieved me of the responsibility of it all, if only for a temporary reprieve. ‘I love you, Sarah,’ I said, meaning it.
After a moment’s hesitation, Sarah, a practical woman unused to sharing moments of such open intimacy, said, ‘I love you too.’
We were silent for a few moments before I said, ‘I have to get the children somewhere. I’ll call you soon.’
Filled with a quiet resolution that I had the ability to cope with whatever life intended to throw at me, I slipped the phone back into my handbag, opened the rear doors, strapped the toddlers back into their seats with a firm warning to stay there, and climbed back into the car.
The children were booked in for three hours at the Surestart nursery and the thought of a few hours reprieve lifted me, especially as I felt I now shared the shock of Mark’s sudden departure with someone close. 

Pulling the buggy to a stop on the cracked pavement ten minutes later, after a speedy trip through the mid-day traffic of ghetto-like Mitcham, I addressed the group of large women blocking my path to the nursery in my boldest voice.
‘Excuse me please.’
No response. Two of the women were leaning towards the third, bent forward from the waist. Both of them were talking animatedly, fast and loud: very loud. I stared at them and edged a little close, hoping to catch their eye. It was then I realised that one of the group wasn’t as willing to be part of the conversation as the other two. She was pushed back against the blue railings of the school, arching backwards as far as the fence would allow. It was as if the three of them were trapped in a powerful gust of wind.
‘And I’m fucking telling you this, if I see you hanging ‘round there again I’ll fucking ‘ave you, got it?’
The two women were heavily overweight and both wore over-tight cropped leggings, one with various names tattooed around her ankles, hideously framed by clusters of hard skin on both heels and sparkly silver flip-flops on her feet; remnants of old black nail varnish clinging to her toe-nails.
I stood transfixed for a moment, simultaneously horrified and intrigued, like those rubber-neckers who slow down on the motorway to stare at the carnage following a road accident. It was like Sex in the City meets Bad Girls. I figured the woman attempting a back-flip over the railings had probably been paying secret visits to the ‘current partner’ of one of the obese women. She was certainly more attractive than the other two, in a Jordan meets Jodie Marsh fashion; her nail varnish was only partially chipped at any rate. She managed to light a cigarette from her pinned-down position, sucking in the first lungful like it was oxygen.
‘Excuse me please!’
Resisting the urge to ram the buggy over three pairs of flip-flop clad feet I leaned forward a bit further and saw, for the first time, a small head peeking around a substantial Lycra-clad leg. A little girl, around two years old, hair pulled back in a tight ponytail on top of her head, stared upwards at the three women. Instead of the frightened look I expected to see she simply appeared bored and pulled at the smock-style top of her mother. You’ve got no hope of budging her, I thought. 
I decided I’d bypass the human remake of Jurassic Park and crossed the road just as a white souped-up Mini raced by at a speed approaching sixty, windows all wound down, Gabriella Cilmi’s ‘Nothing Sweet About Me’ blaring from its depths.
Fortunately, the nursery itself was a lovely place, despite its rough surroundings. The staff were saintly: marvellous with children and full of energy – even after entertaining thirty toddlers for hours on end. I was very happy to leave the children there. As a matter of fact, the second I’d left them I felt like a free woman, or at the very least a woman on parole.
I left the confines of the centre, trying not to break into a sprint.

Chapter Twenty
Narelle

With a sudden sinking feeling in my chest, as if my heart had been filled with quick-drying cement, I spotted Louisa’s huge 4 x 4 pulling up outside the house as I turned into my street. Typical. I had been ambushed by fate. There was no way she would leave if she knew she’d have me all to herself for the duration of the morning. I envisioned my hours of blessed solitude fading fast.
Feeling like I had found a winning lottery ticket and then been hit by a bus, I knew I couldn’t cope with listening to her ‘problems’ at the moment, not with everything else that was going on. Mentally crossing my fingers as I racked my brain for a fictional outing I could tell her I had planned, I turned to face her. Why did my mind go alarmingly blank when I was on code-red for finding an excuse? Louisa jumped down from the lofty heights of her monster car that she had abandoned foot-and-a-half away from the kerb and swept over to me, clad top to toe in her compulsory Boden uniform.
 It was then I noticed her tears, mingled with orangey-makeup smeared all over her cheeks, and I wondered what crisis had befallen her this time. With Louisa, everything was a crisis. Breaking her hair straighteners, discovering bird poo on ‘Maisie’ (her vehicle’s pet name) or spilling low-fat cappuccino on her Victoria Beckham furry handbag… it all meant a counselling session with ‘Aunty Narelle’. Why had I never found it so irritating before?
‘Narelleaa!’ Louisa waved her manicured fingers at me as I pulled open the driver’s door of my car. She grabbed my arm on its retreat. ‘It’s Trixie-Belle. She’s been attacked.’ Trixie was Louisa’s new puppy, a Chihuahua who tore around her garden like a Tasmanian Devil, digging up the substantial lawn, eating grass until it was sick and yapping morning, noon and night. ‘You must get a larger driveway sorted out, sweetie,’ she added, suddenly regaining her composure. ‘I don’t like leaving Maisie on the road. And it’s so busy here, why don’t you move somewhere quieter? You are funny, Narelle.’
One of these days I was going to sit her down and explain that not everyone lives with a man with a golden wage packet, but I never seemed to find the right moment. 
‘I’ve not got long actually, Louisa. I was popping home to pick something up and then I have to dash straight off.’
‘It’s so awful, darling,’ Louisa trilled, not even listening to me.
It wasn’t easy to make sense of her immediately, she was so distraught, but I managed to ascertain some solid facts. It seemed that poor Trixie had been attacked by some sort of animal, probably a fox, while roaming free on the Promised Land; three acres of prime Surrey countryside owned by Louisa and her wealthy husband. As far as I could gather, after a trip to the vet, the puppy passed away. At least that’s all I could discern through the tears and hysterics.
‘Where are you going to bury her?’ I asked gently, aware that women like Louisa were not the best with practical arrangements and sometimes needed gentle but firm support. 
‘Bury?’ Louisa looked genuinely shocked. ‘Why would we bury her?’
‘Well… if she’s dead she’ll need…’ 
‘No, no, no.’ Louisa stroked her long, caramel and blonde hair extensions. ‘What are you liiike? She hasn’t died, Narelle. She’s had an operation. She’s in recuper-thingamy. But when they took her in… when they took her in…’
Louisa broke down again, patting her face with tissues in a hopeless attempt to avoid smudging the makeup that had long ago rearranged itself all over her face. 
‘The poor little thing,’ she sobbed, dabbing away. ‘She’s so tiny. The vet needed to give her an anna… anna… anna-wosit, but before he could do it he had to know how much she weighed. She was so anxious that she wouldn’t sit still on the scales. So… so,’ she gulped, ‘he asked me to hold her and stand on the scales too. And then without her, you know, so they could work out the difference.’
I was lost. And in a hurry to get away. ‘So she’s alright then?’ I asked with a touch of impatience. 
‘Oh, Narelle.’ Louisa looked on the verge of breaking down again. ‘You don’t understand! Trixie’s fine. It’s me. It’s m-eee.’
‘What’s you? What is it?’
‘I’ve put on five pounds! How could this have happened? I’ve been working with my personal trainer since New Year, darling...’

Sighing with relief as I watched Louisa subjecting Maisie through a traumatic three-point turn, bumpily heading to the end of the street, I stumbled away from my bedroom window and flopped back onto the double bed, arms flailing at my sides. I was exhausted.  A year ago I’d been running three miles at the end of each working day.  Now, with three youngsters in the house, even a trip to the fridge felt like a marathon.
While they were at nursery I had planned to clean the whole house from top to bottom and strip all the beds. Instead, I forced myself to stand and stripped off my black jeans, letting them fall to the floor. Feeling guilty but determined nonetheless, my mind was made up; I would shower then spend two glorious, uninterrupted hours reading a book in bed.
I sighed again, dropping my white T-shirt on the bed and reaching behind to unhinge my bra. Slipping my knickers down over my hips I lifted my leg and shook them until they joined the other discarded items of clothing. A single tear brushed my cheek and rolled down her neck. Staring down, I watched as it travelled over the contour of my breast and disappeared beneath.
The sight of my drooping nipples settled my thoughts unwillingly onto Mark’s revelations.  When he told me he was leaving I had wanted so desperately to reach out to him and pull him towards me.  Pride and a stiff upper lip had prevented me from showing him how upset I was; I couldn’t bring myself to let him know how much I felt I needed him. Some stubborn part of me wanted him to think I could manage all too easily on my own.
But in reality I didn’t want to be without him, not even for one day. All I wanted was for Mark to come back, take one look at me and throw his arms around me without reservation, like he used to do. I wanted to hear him tell me he’d been crazy to even think about leaving, that he was sorry and intended to spend the rest of his life making it up to me.
The phone rang from its position on the bedside table. Ignoring its shrill call, I walked naked towards the bathroom.  It was probably my aunt wanting to know exactly what had happened between us and I couldn’t face going into details right now, especially since our break-up was ultimately my fault. It was wrong of me to tell her in the first place. I didn’t deserve the sympathy I craved.
But then it occurred to me that it might be Mark.  Racing back to the bedroom, I whipped up the receiver.
‘Oh,’ I tried to keep the disappointment out of my voice, ‘hello, Telmo.’
‘Alo, Narelle, how is things? Okay, yes?’
Bloody awful since you ask. ‘Absolutely fine thanks. I dropped the children at nursery so-...’
‘Ah yes, well I won’t keep you. I wanted to check in with you about de next contact for de children. The diary says it’s scheduled for tomorrow so Kirsten should know about it but I’ve been trying to get hold of her to confirm de venue. Thing is, it looks like she’s er, how would you say? Gone missing, yes?’
I groaned. ‘Oh, those poor children.’
‘Well, hopefully it’s nothing too serious. She’ll turn up. De parents have a habit of being a little,’ he hesitated, ‘unpredictable. Anyway, de point is, I can’t get hold of her to discuss whether she’s happy to come to you again. I was wondering whether you would mind taking the children over to her place, no?’
Telmo sounded a little hesitant in making the request but actually it suited me fine. I hadn’t revealed how stressful Kirsten’s last visit was but I was certain I didn’t want my carpets to take another hammering from the sugar fairy. ‘That’s fine with me.’
I wasn’t totally convinced it was the best idea, since the little ones had begun to get accustomed to the idea of being at my house, but the temptation to escape another nightmare encounter with a bag of sugary doughnuts was pretty irresistible. Telmo sounded pleased, jumping at the chance of having someone who could observe the children’s behaviour in their own home environment.
Since Kirsten wouldn’t be expecting me to turn up, Telmo, in his heavily accented tones, had suggested that I should arrive an hour before the allotted contact time so that if she had intended to come to me it would save her a wasted journey. I had a strong feeling that my visit would find the children’s mother languishing in bed but since she had no landline number and her mobile was switched off, there was no other way of contacting her. She had maintained radio silence for days according to Telmo. Even so, social services were not at liberty to cancel an arranged contact, even if they felt sure the parent would not materialise in the flesh. Every effort had to be made to accommodate even the most lackadaisical parents.
Agreeing to stick to the scheduled contact arrangements, I ended the call and leaned over the bed to hang up. Shuffling into the shower cubicle minutes later, I turned the water as hot as it would go. As I watched the warm jets spray over my body and down to my bare feet I wondered what Kirsten’s flat would be like and whether she would be happy to see me turn up on her doorstep, unannounced. 

Chapter Twenty-One
Kirsten

I woke to a numb body and like, raging headache. I lay for a moment in the stillness of the car park and said a silent prayer before promising myself that today I would like, get a job and smarten myself up, even if it meant getting a haircut and making a run for it before they got me to the till.
Throwing my rucksack over my back I left the car park and crossed the High Street, passing by a busker playing I Wanna be a Millionaire on his electric guitar.  Dropping a few coins into his upturned trilby on the pavement, I caught a like, glimpse of myself in a car window. I was minging. I had to find a job. But I knew there weren’t no one who’d take me on looking like I did. Even Pete might give me a miss.
As I walked along Epsom High Street, every other shop I passed seemed to be like, a fashion boutique, sandwich shop or wine bar.  It was 6am – far too early for office workers to be rushing around, and as I turned into East Street I felt as if I had like, the whole town to myself. 
No one to rat on me as I walked boldly up to the doorway of Age Concern and began sifting through the donated bags of clothes dumped outside. Charity begins at home, I told myself. When I started earning my own money I would return to the shop and stick an envelope with £50 quid in through their letter box. 
In the corner, wedged behind the drainpipe near the shop entrance, I found a Waitrose carrier bag full of size eight women’s clothes, including jeans, smart black trousers, a selection of shoes and even a suit jacket. Everything was damp and looked too big but that was alright. I needed to put some weight on anyway after my diet of heroin.
Heading straight towards the golden arches of McDonald’s, I locked myself in the disabled toilet cubicle and filled the tiny enamel sink with hot water.  Ignoring a series of knocks on the door, I like, hung my rucksack and coat over the lock and stripped out of the disgusting slinky dress Pete had made me wear, chucking it in the sanitary towel bin.
Shivering, I scooped up handfuls of rapidly cooling water from the sink and covered my body.  Squirting handfuls of soap from the dispenser, I scrubbed every part of myself, rinsing off by standing over the toilet and patting cupped handfuls of water over my skin.
The knocking outside grew more furious. ‘What’s going on in there?’
‘I won’t be a minute, for fuck’s sake,’ I shouted through the door.
With the sound of footsteps outside moving away I stuck my whole head in the sink, cramming my long curls inside.  Reaching for more liquid soap from the dispenser, I started rubbing it into my scalp. After rinsing it off as best as I could, I stuck my head under the hand drier and let hot air dry me off. It took ten minutes before my hair stopped dripping and I decided to let the rest dry naturally. 
Then, for the first time since I entered the loos I took a proper look at myself in the mirror above the sink.
My hair shone in damp ringlets and tumbled down across my naked shoulders.  The tumbling dark brown curls at first distracted my attention from how like, thin I was. Leaning in over the sink, I wiped away the steam with my hand.  
My eyes were sunken and dry and my lips were cracked. Moving closer to the mirror I touched my hands to my cheeks, feeling as if I was looking at myself for the first time in months.  At the flat I had sat in front of a grimy mirror to apply the make-up Pete forced me to wear but had only seen myself through a drug-filled haze.
Through sober eyes I could see how tired I looked. But my eyes shone with anticipation of a better life.  I started thinking about what might be possible now I’d made a mental as well as actual break from Pete.
Motivated, I reached into the charity shop carrier bag and pulled out a ruffled white blouse, black jacket, full-length grey woollen coat, black trousers and black ankle boots.  Though creased the clothes were clean.  The creases would drop out as the day went on. The boots were on the large side and more so because I didn’t like, have any socks to put on.  My feet slipped easily inside them. Reaching over, I took the long coat and rucksack from the door handle, took one last look in the mirror, then grabbed the Waitrose carrier bag.
Moments later I left the cubicle looking like a city worker who’d skipped a few too many lunches and had a very bad day at the office.  I was grateful that at least I didn’t look like a hooker no more. 
Clicking my way through the restaurant in high-heeled boots, my rucksack on my back, I noticed a half-eaten cardboard container of potato bites lying on the table by the window and snatched it up for breakfast before heading out the door. Now all I needed was a job.

Five hours later my feet throbbed, my head hurt and I was like, starving hungry. 
Standing in front of someone and asking them to accept me was like, one of the hardest things I’d ever had to do. To be turned away hurt.  Especially since I desperately needed the money and knew that looking relatively clean gave me the best chance I’d have for a while.  The thought of stripping off in toilets every day weren’t appealing.
A handful of places – some shops and restaurants, were friendly but weren’t hiring staff. Others looked at me like they wouldn’t take me on if I was like, the last waitress on earth.
I walked wearily towards the bus stop. Thankfully, I could already see the 410 bus turning into East Street. Joining the back of the queue of passengers, I wondered if life would ever get any easier.

Chapter Twenty-Two
Narelle

Pulling up at Kirsten’s block of flats early on Friday morning, I spotted a scruffy looking lad with hair hanging in greasy sheets down the sides of his face, loitering outside. He stopped what he was doing (kicking an overturned wheelie bin along the pavement) and ambled over, Dizzy Rascal style, to my car. His grey boxers were almost completely on display with his jeans dangling precariously from the tops of his thighs, giving the appearance that an extremely full nappy hung between his legs. 
‘That’s Lee, Na-na, I don’t like him.’ In my rear-view mirror I could see that Charlotte was shrinking as far back into her car seat as she could.
‘Lee?’ I repeated, the name resonating ominously in my chest, though I wasn’t sure why. As I scanned the hazy corners of my memory, Lee pressed his already squashed looking nose against the passenger window, flattening it further against his face.  Clearly he hadn’t been remotely near a tissue in days and I made a mental note to visit the car wash on the way home. 
Suddenly I made the connection – this Lee was most probably Lee Kernick, Pete Kernick’s son from a previous relationship. I remembered reading of his existence in the children’s placement information record. Apparently Kirsten regularly left the children with Lee when she didn’t want the bother of traipsing them around.  I had to admit, it must have been a little problematic negotiating a fair price for a slab of cannabis with two toddlers and a newborn in tow.  
By the same token, I wouldn’t leave a child with someone looking the way he did, even if it was only to pop to the loo.  Especially since Charlotte appeared to be frightened of him.  She didn’t like him, surely a cause for concern. Having said that, she told me every evening before she went to bed that she hated me so possibly there was nothing too sinister triggering her feelings.
More worryingly, if Lee was hanging around outside Kirsten’s flat, there was a jolly good chance that it was because Pete was back living with her for definite, a fact that could tip the balance against Kirsten and ensure that the children remained in care permanently. Though my sympathy for Kirsten was fading fast, the thought of any mother losing contact with her children made me desperately sad.
Whatever the case, I decided it wasn’t entirely fair to base my initial perception of Pete’s son on a brief inspection of the inside of his nostrils. He couldn’t help who his father was. It was life’s lottery in action. I pushed a button and the electric window slid down into the door, taking traces of Lee’s bodily fluids with it and allowing me the opportunity to introduce myself properly.   
‘Hello, Lee. I’m Narelle.’
Lee was staring directly at me but remained disconcertingly mute. I wondered whether he’d heard me. I could hear some kind of gangster rap ‘music’ blaring out of the open window of a ‘W’ registration Ford Fiesta, parked a little further along the road. With blacked out windows and twin exhausts, it was probably Lee’s vehicle of choice. I gave him the benefit of the doubt, assuming that the racket had drowned out my introductions.
Climbing out of the car, I made no further attempt to talk to him, choosing to ignore the fact that he’d decided it was perfectly reasonable to rest his almost bare bottom on the bonnet of my car. I took a few deep, calming breaths and reached into the back of the car to grab Alfie’s seat, ushering Charlotte and Frankie out as well.
Charlotte clung to my leg, shrinking away from Lee as if he was a wild animal and she was bait. Resisting the temptation to confront him with the children’s fear there and then, I guided the children across the road towards Roger’s House.
‘Are we going home?’ Charlotte asked, her voice filled with hope.
‘No, darling, we’ve already spoken about this, do you remember?’ I asked breathlessly, the weight of Alfie’s car seat sapping my strength. ‘We’re coming to visit mummy for a little while, then we’re going back to Narelle’s house.’
‘I hate Na-na’s house.’ Charlotte titled her head back and gave me the evil eye as we edged into the tiny lift. 
A roux of Special Brew and stale urine rose to meet my nostrils as we crammed ourselves into the tiny space and I marvelled at the children’s longing to be home, no matter how unpleasant the environment. I was relieved that Bethany and Adam were with Sarah. I often seized opportunities for them to develop a social conscience but I preferred to do it in stages. The lift of Roger’s House was a level five on the pond-life scale. They had only been exposed to a chav level three, a space occupied by such things as tattoos and body piercings.  
As soon as the lift doors opened Charlotte dashed out towards flat number 15, closely followed by myself, since I couldn’t trust myself to take another breath in the lift without retching.
‘It stunk of piss in there, Na-na,’ Frankie called out to me as he trailed along behind, disproving my observation that children are unaware of the reality of their surroundings.
Charlotte had already hammered on the door by the time I caught up with her so that as I arrived it began to open. My heart beat a little faster as Charlotte prepared to dash in, stopping suddenly mid-step. She looked up into the face of her step-father and for a moment she froze before running back and clinging to my leg. She buried her face in my trousers. It took a moment for me to recover from the shock – it was the first time Charlotte had ever approached me voluntarily.
‘You must be Pete Kernick?’ I ventured warily, recognising him as the man who had delivered Kirsten to the nursery on the day the placement began. I was unsure now of what to do. ‘Is Kirsten home?’
Pete was a well-built man in his early forties, with dark, unkempt hair and a bad complexion. A slow smile spread across his face revealing a set of stained yellow teeth. There was a hint of the underworld about the man; I couldn’t imagine what Kirsten ever saw in him. She was an extremely attractive girl, barring the over plucked brows, Croydon ponytail and TOWIE wardrobe.
‘She ain’t here at the moment.’ Pete had all the charisma of a dead fox. He scratched his head, and three flakes of dandruff skittered towards the floor. ‘But come in if you like. How ‘bout it, Frank?’
Frankie dashed behind my other leg, cowering. Pete glowed with satisfaction and I felt a moment’s horror, wondering what on earth had gone on when they had all lived under the same roof. Anger rose in my chest, constricting my throat as I answered on Frankie’s behalf. ‘No, thank you. Would you tell Kirsten that we called?’
I spun on my heels, negotiating the smelly corridor with a much dignity as I could muster with Frankie and Charlotte each clinging to one leg and Alfie’s car seat draped painfully in the crook of my already numb arm. Aware of Pete’s lubricious stare, I gulped a deep lungful of air before shuffling forwards to summon the lift, praying that Pete wasn’t going to follow.
Once safely inside my car I dialled Telmo’s mobile number, my fingers trembling with rage at the thought that Pete and his son Lee, had probably terrorised the children when they lived together. But however disturbing, the fact that Kirsten had stood by and allowed it to happen was far, far worse. I felt angry with myself for holding back the details of Kirsten’s first visit to my house. She didn’t deserve my sympathy. I intended to tell Telmo exactly what sort of mother I thought she was.
Frankie and Charlotte were beginning to howl as the realisation that they wouldn’t be seeing mummy began to hit home. I whispered a brief message into Telmo’s answer phone then tried to comfort the older two before they started Alfie off. If there was one situation guaranteed to raise my stress levels to intolerable, it was the sound of a hysterical young baby coming at me from the back of the car.
Three rounds of Jack and Jill and four verses of The Wheels on the Bus later, I gave up, with all three children in varying degrees of meltdown. I began silently chanting my own well-worn phrase; just for the summer, just for the summer, all the way home.

Pulling onto the drive, I was suddenly possessed with the unpleasant feeling that I was being watched. Peering into the rear-view mirror, my eyes flicked to Chris’s house but the curtains were still and anyway, his driveway was empty.
Climbing out of the car, I scanned our tree-lined road, catching sight of something lurking behind the hydrangea bushes to the side of the house. A fox, I thought. I knew that our elderly neighbour was fond of leaving a bowl of Kit-e-cat out for them, no matter how many times the Resident’s Association had appealed for her not to. I narrowed my eyes, but whatever it was had gone by the time I reached the pavement.
Heading back to the car, I quickened my step, encouraging the children to release their own seatbelts. Heaving a sleeping Alfie and his seat from the back of the car, I held Frankie’s hand to guide him out. Charlotte rejected the offer, shooing me away and struggling down on her own.
Ushering them towards the house like a demented sheep herder, I almost screamed when I caught sight of a dark shadow hovering inside our porch.
It was Kirsten. 

Chapter Twenty-Three
Kirsten

I walked slowly towards Narelle and as soon as I caught sight of the look on her face I cottoned on that turning up might not have been the best move. She didn’t look none too happy to see me but the kids ran over so I knelt down painfully on one knee, my legs still aching from wearing boots that didn’t fit, holding them to me.
The wind began to pick up and the trees in the garden swayed, making strange shaped shadows on the lawn. Prickles crept up my back and I stood quickly, wanting to get inside. I felt on edge, like I was on view and it seemed like someone was nearby, watching.
‘What are you doing here?’ There was an edge to Narelle’s voice as she walked towards me but she did this thing with her mouth that all toffs do, trying to make herself smile.
‘Waiting for my contact. I got it noted down for today.’
Narelle gave me a grim nod and walked past me, Alfie’s car seat balanced on her arm. I took the seat from her and leant down to smile at him. She froze for a moment, irritated, like it was her baby I’d snatched. I didn’t care. Alfie gave me a huge smile back so sod what she thought.
Inside the house things weren’t much better. She showed me into the living room and gave me a pen, asking me to write down a list of toys I thought the kids might like her to buy them then she stalked off to the kitchen, clearly narked off. Frankie climbed onto my lap and I held him close, enjoying the warmness against me. ‘Are you staying, Mummy? Don’t leave again will you?’
Charlotte put down a book she was looking at and came over, holding onto my leg. ‘No, Mummy, don’t leave us again will you? Can we come home now?’ she asked, looking at me expectantly.
‘I’ll come back as soon as I can,’ I said, sticking the pen in my pocket and dropping the notepad to the floor. Let her think of something, I thought, she’s the one being paid to look after them. It was like Narelle thought they would be with her for ages and they weren’t going to be. Soon they’d be back at home playing with their own toys. The kids both started bawling but what else could I say to them? I didn’t want to lie. I’m such a bad, bad mother I thought, holding onto them both and rocking them, not knowing what else to do.
Alfie was still in his car seat. He heard his brother and sister and screwed up his face, his skin turning a deep red. His little chest jerked up and down with each sob. I tried to get up but Frankie and Charlotte gripped onto me even tighter. ‘Sshh, it’s alright,’ I said, stress making my stomach roll over.
Narelle came back, standing in the doorway with a frown on her face. ‘Alfie’s crying,’ she said, her nostrils flaring. 
‘I fucking know he’s crying you silly cow,’ I shouted, shoving the kids away and bending down in front of the car seat. Narelle looked at me in horror before holding her hands out to Charlotte and Frankie.
‘Come on you two, come and help Narelle make some cakes...’
They stopped crying immediately, climbing down from the sofa and running towards her, into the kitchen.
Reaching down, I pinged the straps open and wrapped the small blue blanket Alfie was sitting on around him and lifted him up, carrying him against my chest. I could feel Narelle’s eyes like, boring into my back as I cuddled him. It was obvious she didn’t like me and I knew she was probably gagging for the chance to stick the boot in.

Chapter Twenty-Four
Narelle

My eyes travelled across the large fitness studio and settled on Lisa Hargreaves, the body bump fitness trainer, all eight and a half stone of her.
‘Come on girls, are you feeling it? And five and six and seven, let’s switch. And one and two. One more set…’ Lisa stood at the front of the class of fifteen or so females and spoke as if her words were tuned to the beat of a loud bass drum, the force of her voice reaching the back of the room where I cowered, trying not to draw attention to myself.
‘That’s right, ladies, make it count, and three and four…’ Lisa yelled above the music – some house or hip-hop tune I had never heard of but which was already giving me a headache. Whatever happened to the late Whitney Houston’s ‘I want to dance with somebody?’ Now there’s a tune I can dance to, I thought, contorting my body to the right while every other member of the class moved to the left.
‘The left, Narelle, that’s it, well done,’ Lisa beamed at me and nodded encouragingly.
On the short drive from home to the club, I had used up most of my flagging energy trying to psychologically motivate myself to join ‘Body Pump’ but as Lisa turned her svelte body towards the mirror at the front of the class I vowed never to return. 
‘Wrong way again, Narelle,’ Lisa smiled serenely from the front of the class, ‘we need satellite navigation for you in here.’ She sashayed to the other side of the class, her toned backside holding up superbly as she bobbed along. 
Trying to convince myself it was good to have something to aspire to, I leaned to the right as instructed and rubbed my bulging stomach, swallowing several times in an attempt to relieve the rising feeling of nausea taking hold of me. By the end of the children’s contact session with their mother this afternoon I was so stressed I had polished off two packs of chocolate fingers and the rest of the Hob-Nobs and now my stomach acid was reaching unmanageable proportions.
It was the anxiety of coping with a stranger in the house that drove me to it. It was bad enough trying to adjust to the idea that my husband might never return home but having a difficult adult on the scene at the same time took the biscuit, literally. On the positive side, things seemed to be going well between Kirsten and the children. Earlier, my heart had sunk when I’d seen her waiting on the front door step, especially after my visit to her flat and knowing she was back in a relationship with Pete. I was in no mood to accommodate her but seeing her interact with the children was a bit of a revelation, I had to admit.
It didn’t add up – her apparent adoration for them coupled with her willingness to risk losing them by pairing up with Pete again, despite all of the warnings from social services. Seeing her in the role of loving mother had held me back from telling Telmo about my meeting with Pete. I had been wrestling with my conscience all afternoon. Part of me felt duty-bound to report their reconciliation; it was the only responsible thing to do. But equally, I felt the need to give Kirsten a chance to put things right herself. 
‘I miss them so much.’ Kirsten had told me, once the children were in bed, and her expression was earnest. I knew that most parents whose children had been taken away were the type who would shout their love for their children from the rooftops then do nothing constructive to follow through. Kirsten gave the strong impression that she meant what she said. Her children’s responses to her made it clear that the rapport was genuine.
In truth, the next hour we shared was a revelation to me. By the time she grabbed her rucksack and left the house I felt as if we had made a significant breakthrough in our relationship.
Moved by the genuine affection between Kirsten and her children, I had opened up to her for the first time since we met, revealing my shock over Mark leaving. I wasn’t sure initially that I’d done the right thing in confiding in her but at the time I thought, what the hell, I may be a foster carer but I’m in my own home, not a court of law. I can’t be hanged for having my own feelings. Kirsten’s usual brusque carapace vanished immediately and she had responded with understanding and equal frankness.
‘So the question is, what do I do now?’
‘Same,’ Kirsten had said, simply, ‘I’m on my own now too.’
Shaking my head, I stared at her questioningly. ‘Pete is back living with you though. I saw him earlier when I dropped the children off.’
She looked alarmed, taken aback. Feeling a little uneasy at not mentioning it before, I explained what had happened when I took the children for their scheduled contact at her flat.
‘Does Telmo know?’ She asked, her face clouded with anxiety.
‘Not from me. But yes,’ I hesitated, licking my lips, ‘I’m afraid he does know.’
Telmo had called mid-afternoon to tell me that a neighbour had reported that Pete was back on the scene. It would mean supervised contact sessions only for Kirsten and Telmo was in the process of preparing the papers for court. Social services were intending to request convert the Section 20 to a Section 32, Full Care Order.
Kirsten buried her face in her hands, holding the position for several minutes.
‘I’m sorry.’ I bit my lip and reached out, rubbing her shoulder. ‘One of the neighbours reported it.’
Kirsten dropped her hands. Her face was colourless beneath her usually olive skin. ‘What’s he going to do about it?’
‘It looks like they want to make it official. They’re going to prepare the papers and go for a Full Care Order.’
She looked aghast, her face now ashen. Her eyes brimming with tears, she began to fidget nervously, her fingernails scraping away at the skin on the inside of her forearms. ‘It ain’t what you think,’ she said eventually, ‘with Pete, it ain’t nothing like what you think.’
I looked at her with a dubious expression. ‘What is it then?’
She hesitated for a long moment then shrugged, coming to a decision. ‘He forced himself into my flat. Forced me back on like, heroin and back on the game.’ There was something watchful, evaluating in her face. I fought to keep my expression non-committal, wanting her to continue and knowing that if she realised I was shocked she would clam up.
‘I thought I’d got away, moved on from him,’ she said with feeling and I got the sense that it was a relief for her to talk about it, her words tumbling over themselves as she spoke, ‘but he tracked me down somehow, I dunno. I think he followed me from Wingate House. He knew when my appointments were. I had the feeling for ages that someone was watching me.’
‘I waited until I was strong enough then made a run for it. That’s why I missed all those contact sessions.’
My stomach performed a flip as I realised the danger I had put the children in by returning to the flat. It was hard to believe Pete was running a brothel from there.
‘We need to report him urgently.’ I clasped and released my hands, my thoughts running ahead of themselves. Pete would surely be locked up for what he’d done. That would put him out of the picture for long enough to secure the children back in Kirsten’s care.
‘You can’t do that!’ Kirsten shouted, a look of horror in her brown eyes. ‘He’ll tell them I was back on the brown and then I’ll lose the kids for sure. It was one of the agreements. Telmo said if I dabbled in all that shit again the court would be told.’
I opened my mouth to argue with her but then I realised she was probably right. It didn’t seem to be the right time to tell her that Telmo would probably find out anyway. According to what I had read in my foster care manual, parents in Kirsten’s position were subjected to regular ‘hair-strand’ drugs tests. Any drug abuse in the last few months would be exposed by doing the test.
‘So where are you staying now?’ I asked, changing tack and ignoring the strong feeling that I had alienated her.
‘With a friend,’ she answered coldly, inviting no further questions. Fear was holding her back from revealing any more. I got the feeling she didn’t trust me enough to tell me any more than that.
‘Who?’ I didn’t like to pry but felt a duty to the children to find out what was going on.
She shrugged, suddenly unresponsive. Turning away from me, she averted her eyes. It was pointless pursuing her for an answer. Telmo had said that many parents in Kirsten’s position say anything to wriggle out of an uncomfortable situation, even if they have to make up a pack of lies to do it. I guessed that she was already involved in another unsuitable relationship and felt simultaneous pity and anger towards her. It was so frustrating that any woman could have an inability to put her children before a man.
We had sat in quiet contemplation for a few moments, each following a new trail of thought, both daunted by the prospect of the difficulties that lay ahead.
In the dance studio, the music came to an end and I jumped to my feet, grabbed my mat and headed for the door, coming face to face with a beaming Lisa. 
‘Same time next week, Narelle?’ 
I smiled and made a quick exit. Sarah was babysitting to give me a break and I was eager to relieve her and be away from this torture.

Chapter Twenty-Five
Narelle

A few days later Kirsten turned up unannounced for another contact session. Strictly speaking, she shouldn’t be anywhere near the house at all but she was desperate to see the children and I failed to see how she could learn to improve her parenting skills unless guided by working alongside another experienced parent. In the matter of a few visits I had seen a positive change in her behaviour around the house and there was no doubt that the children treasured their time with her.
They tended to play up more when she was around but I had a feeling that was pretty natural, sensing they could set each of us off, one against the other. There was no question that she was more ‘relaxed’ in her approach to discipline than I but she certainly knew how to play and interact. She talked to the toddlers constantly (though I have to admit, the dialogue was peppered with a generous sprinkling of profanities) and I tried to encourage her to pitch the conversation at the right level.
Leaving her with her own brood, I sat at the dining room table to play Snakes and Ladders with Adam and Bethany. Thanks to the open plan layout of our house I had a full view of the toddlers and Kirsten so I didn’t feel totally irresponsible in distancing myself.
Bored with Charlotte’s current game (stripping her teddies of clothing and getting her mum to immediately redress them), Frankie toddled off towards the kitchen.
Immediately tensing, I craned my neck to keep him in my line of vision. I wanted to make sure he wasn’t about to attempt rustling up a fry-up and Kirsten was far too absorbed in her game to multi-task.
The sound of naughty giggles filled my ears and I rose from the table to find Frankie, a diehard fan of Fireman Sam, had pulled open the fridge and removed two eggs, balancing them precariously in his open hands. Triumphant, he clasped one in each hand and slammed the fridge door to a close efficiently using his small hip.
Holding my breath and cringing, I looked to Kirsten, expecting her to leap up and remove the eggs from her toddler’s tight grip. Instead she sat stock-still, clutching a half-dressed bear to her chest and staring at her son with a wide grin across her face. Oh for goodness sake Kirsten, I thought, take them from him before he drops them and they smash all over my clean flagstone tiles. I was about to voice my frustration when Frankie carefully swapped the eggs from hand to hand, a look of complete concentration on his face. 
‘Ha!’ Kirsten smiled and clapped. ‘You’re juggling like Elvis! Clever boy!’ Frankie beamed with delight and I remembered a scene from one of his favourite episodes featuring the hero fire fighter, where Sam’s sidekick, Elvis, practices his juggling skills using eggs from the fire station’s kitchen. Frankie, bless him, was re-enacting what he had seen on screen.
Silently I praised Kirsten for her sensitivity in making the connection so quickly and admonished myself, relieved I hadn’t barged in and taken over. It would have ruined everything and dented his self-expression. There is no right way, I chided myself, remembering how many blunders I had made along the way with Bethany and Adam. Acknowledging, with more than a little guilt, the mistakes I was making. There were many occasions when my paranoia over cleanliness and tidiness had curtailed my own toddler’s fun and games. Now they were older I wished I had allowed them time to run barefoot through the grass, to splash in a few more muddy puddles.
I had noticed how Kirsten was being far more consistent in her disciplining of the children, something I felt she had learnt from watching me deal with their sometimes difficult behaviour. Never had I dreamed that I would also be learning from her.
I wished then that Telmo and all those other officials in the fostering team, could witness first-hand the interaction between Kirsten and her children, to see things from her perspective.
All future contact sessions were to be observed at a neutral location but I wondered whether social workers would ever appreciate the loving side of Kirsten in such a rigid, unnatural environment. It was more likely, I thought, that the young woman sitting in front on me, crouching on all fours and playing horsey-horsey with Frankie on her back and Charlotte ‘grooming her mane’, would probably become surly, wooden and lifeless in front of an audience.
The hours that afternoon passed swiftly. I had enjoyed spending hours playing board games with my two and by seven p.m., Frankie was yawning incessantly, worn out but content with all the attention from his mother. Charlotte too seemed happy, probably for the first time since I’d taken her into my care. Spending so much time in her mother’s company, in a safe environment, was obviously working wonders and it showed in the glow of her rosy cheeks and shining blue eyes. 
Ruffling Charlotte’s hair, Kirsten stood up, holding her arms out to her exhausted little boy. Eyes lighting up, Frankie leapt into her embrace and buried his head in her neck, his small hand clutching the dolphin aunt Sarah had given him.
‘Come on, babe,’ Kirsten whispered, ‘Mummy’s going to take you to bed.’ She looked at me for approval and I nodded vigourously, wanting her to feel as comfortable as she could in a house that wasn’t her own.
Bundling him back into her arms like a baby, she left the room and climbed the stairs, gesturing for Charlotte to follow her. I checked on Alfie, fast asleep in his pram and then guiltily trudged along behind the young mum, reluctant to intrude on the moment but knowing I should be supervising her to some extent, particularly in the light of the phone call I had shared with Telmo. Following a sleepy Charlotte up the stairs, I resolved to try and reason with Telmo and negotiate some leeway in the contact arrangements.
Up in the bedroom, Kirsten undressed her tired little boy and put his pyjamas on, kissing him gently on his forehead. In a surprisingly gentle voice she knelt beside him, took him onto her knee and enfolded Charlotte in her other arm. She began to sing, Puff the magic dragon, lived by the sea...
Standing outside the room, I found my eyes filling up. Kirsten left their bedroom minutes later, her own eyes bleary with tears. My heart went out to her.

All the children were asleep by nine-thirty p.m. that evening, with Bethany and Adam both worn out from the excitement of having more siblings around to play with. I was thrilled with the way they had taken to fostering; they revelled in the noise and mayhem going on in the house. Surprisingly, they seemed to take to Kirsten too. Once the toddlers were asleep and she was ready to leave, my normally reticent son had asked if she could stay for the evening to play on the Wii. Kirsten seemed in no hurry to go and had spent the past hour howling with laughter as Adam showed her his best moves on Crash! Bandicoot.
Later, when I came downstairs from reading to Adam and settling him in bed, Kirsten was standing by the front door gathering her bags together. Hardly glancing in my direction, she grunted a hurried goodbye, morphed once more into an uncommunicative chav.
‘Why don’t you stay and have a quick chat?’ I asked, eager to make her see sense over the Pete situation. It was difficult to stomach the fact that he had taken over her home and had used her so abusively.
She looked tired, her eyes swollen with dark circles underneath, but if social workers found out about Pete living in her flat it would mean more trouble for her. I was convinced it would be better for her to come clean. If she explained the circumstances I was sure they would bend their rules and make some allowances. With a loud yawn, I gestured her back into the living room and sank down beside her on the sofa.
I was exhausted myself, unable to sleep now without Mark in the bed to snuggle up to. It had been years since I’d slept alone and I was finding the transition impossible to adjust to.
‘Do they ask for me at bedtime?’ Kirsten asked suddenly. ‘When I’m not here I mean...’ She kept her face lowered so I couldn’t see her expression but I could hear how much the question hurt to ask.
‘Every night,’ I nodded with a sad smile, raising my eyebrows as a thought struck me. ‘Would you like to take my mobile number? You could call them if you like, each night before they go to bed.’
Her face lit up, the careworn expression she wore vanishing for a few seconds. It was lovely to see her looking as she should – a young woman. My attempts at discussing the Pete situation fell on deaf ears though. She clammed up, making it clear that the matter was not up for debate.
As we said our goodbyes she held onto my arm for a split-second longer than necessary and I could sense how much it hurt her to walk away. I guessed that the separation from her children was just another in a long line of life’s knocks, though this time she’d been kicked a lot harder than ever before.
I watched her walk slowly down the path from the little window next to my front door. Her hands were shoved into the pockets of her coat and I was struck by how lucky I had been to be born into a family like my own. For years I had felt that somehow I had been dealt a bad hand in life by losing my parents at a young age but suddenly I could see that I’d been so fortunate. My aunt took me in after my mother’s death and I never felt for one second that I was in the way. With the arrival of Kirsten’s little ones I had been thinking more and more how life must have changed so dramatically for Sarah, having to adjust to my arrival so soon after the death of her beloved sister. How blessed I was to be part of such a loving family.
Kirsten had probably entered adulthood wanting all the things I had wanted at her age; a lover, a home and her own family. She had felt as I had and now she had lost it all, while I still held on to mine. To the outsider she came across as a hostile, aggressive, fierce young woman but I could see now that she had been forced to be that way. Inside of her I could sense a sensitive, life-grabbing survivor and my heart bled for her.

Chapter Twenty-Six
Narelle

Piercing screams from upstairs woke me abruptly that night and I leapt from my bed, pulling on my dressing gown as I took the stairs two at a time. By the time I reached the upstairs landing the screams had fragmented into wailing sobs, coming from the direction of the toddler’s room.
Bracing myself, I opened their door to find Frankie sitting on the edge of his bed, his small legs dangling from the end. His hand was clamped firmly over his right ear and when I switched on his bedside night he looked up at me with big, sorrowful eyes. ‘My ear hurts, Na-na’, he sobbed. ‘I want mummy.’
‘Oh, poor darling,’ I said soothingly, reaching out to him.
Taking him into my arms, I took him downstairs to the kitchen. One generous dose of Calpol later he sat deflatedly on my lap as I leaned back into the sofa, his nose running and tears streaming down his face. Gradually, as my legs began to feel numb under the weight of him, his sobs subsided and he fell asleep, his head resting under my neck.
I shifted his weight against my chest to relieve the growing paralysis in my thighs and he flopped against me, his breathing snuffly but peaceful. His warmness crept through me and I stroked his clammy soft cheeks.
When he was deeply asleep I crept back upstairs with him in my arms and laid him, in slow motion, back into bed. The second I removed my arm from its squashed position between his head and the pillow, he sat up, whimpering and clutching his ear. Knowing that he was probably suffering with an ear infection that was unlikely to ease off without a course of antibiotics, I decided to break every Safeguarding rule in the foster care manual and take Frankie to bed with me.
It was something I had done with my own children on countless occasions, whenever they were ill and was often the only way to comfort them. Without Mark in the bed I felt more justified in relaxing the rules and Frankie certainly didn’t object. As soon as he settled his head on my pillow and I snuggled down beside him, pulling the duvet up to his chin, his eyes fluttered to a close.
He slept peacefully for a few hours, only rousing slightly with a moan when I got up to feed Alfie.
When I woke the next morning and felt the presence of someone else in the bed I rolled over sharply, groggily wondering for a second whether Mark had crept back home during the night. My heart sank at the sight of Frankie, sweet though he looked, resting against my king-size pillows. I sat up fully when I remembered why I had a guest in my bed and gently slipped my hand over his forehead. He was hot to the touch, obviously feverish.
Resolving to book a doctor’s appointment, I swung my legs out of bed and gently stood up, tucking the duvet back around a sleeping Frankie. Looking down, I took in my shapeless, lemon coloured nightdress with a small bow fixed to the neckline, withered from too many washes. No wonder your husband left you, I thought, sourly. Reaching quickly for my dressing gown, I pulled it on, embarrassed despite being alone, save for a pyretic toddler.
Quietly tiptoeing downstairs, I headed straight for the kettle, hoping to achieve maximum caffeination before any of the children awoke. About to take my first sip, I started at the sound of footsteps behind. Adam shuffled into the kitchen in his pyjamas, his eyes puffy from sleep.
‘Morning, Ads.’ I held out my arms to him and he sat on one of the breakfast bar stools next to me, resting his head on my shoulder. ‘Are you okay, sweetie?’
He shook his head, remaining silent.
‘What’s up?’
‘Nothing,’ he said automatically. Now I knew something was wrong. Pulling away from him, I slipped my finger under his chin and tilted his face to mine.
Adam shrugged me away, hanging his head down sulkily. My stomach began to churn as I stared at the top of his head, racking my brain as to what could be wrong. He was off school for the whole summer so it couldn’t be a problem with one of his classmates.
‘Why has dad left us?’ he asked abruptly, without looking at me.
Momentarily stunned, I feigned an interest in my lukewarm coffee, frantically racking my brain for a reasonable excuse. There was no point in upsetting the children if Mark’s departure was only temporary, as I hoped it would be. I had told the children that their dad was on a course for work, too far away to commute to. Clearly Adam was too astute for weak excuses. My heart sank, realising I would have to try and be honest with him. ‘He wants some time alone,’ I said, scraping at invisible stains on the breakfast bar with my blunt fingernails and trying to keep my voice even.
‘Why?’ Adam asked, looking directly at me for the first time. Was there a tinge of accusation in his eyes?
‘I don’t know,’ I answered honestly, ‘sometimes adults need to get away to think things through properly.’
‘Is it my fault?’ he asked, his voice shaky with the threat of tears.
I put my cup down on the worktop and reached out for his hands. ‘No, darling, no,’ I rushed to reassure him, ‘it’s nothing to do with you, or Bethany. Daddy adores you both. He needs some space at the moment. Work is difficult and,’ I smiled, wondering how far I should go in sharing the truth with him, ‘sometimes adults have trouble getting along. We’ll work things out, don’t worry.’
He nodded, his eyes watching me carefully for a moment. ‘OK, he said, brighter now, obviously convinced. If only life were that simple. ‘I’m starving. Can I watch TV?’
‘Of course you can,’ I laughed. ‘I’ll get some chocolate pancakes on the go.’
An hour later all five children were sitting in the doctor’s surgery, Frankie settled cosily on Kirsten’s lap. I had thought it only fair to invite her to come along with him to see the doctor and she had jumped at the chance, concerned as I was about his painful ear.
Thankfully, the second dose of Calpol I gave him upon waking seemed to be kicking in and after a few minutes he jumped down from her lap and joined Charlotte on the floor, taking toys out of a grubby looking basket and surveying them before abandoning them in a heap at his side.
The seven of us dominated the small space considerably and when the door opened and another patient tried to cram themselves in I leaned over and spoke to Frankie. ‘Could you move over a bit, darling, to let this nice gentleman in?’
The man, an elderly gentleman wearing a short-brimmed Fedora hat and smart suit, smiled down at me politely. ‘Thank you, my dear.’
Frankie paused momentarily to gaze up at the man before returning to examine a rather chewed looking brick.
‘Move over a bit please, Frankie, the gentleman can’t get past you.’
Frankie once again stared up at the man for a long moment, not moving a muscle.
‘Come on, Frankie, do as you’re told.’  I glanced in Kirsten’s direction for support, resisting the urge to drag him out of the way. In her presence I felt I should offer her the opportunity to discipline her own children in her own way, since I knew I couldn’t tolerate anyone else chastising my own children. I even prickled when Mark told them off. Besides, making a grab for him would inevitably lead to a full scale visit from Frankie the banshee, something I preferred to avoid in polite company.
After what felt like half an hour but in reality was probably only half a minute, Frankie reluctantly shuffled back, out of the doorway, sweeping the toys along with him.  As the gentleman walked through I apologised and he smiled, ‘That’s quite alright, my dear, I have grandchildren you know.’
‘You’ve got a fucking fat head,’ Frankie remained exactly where he was and pointed at the well-to-do gentleman who had now taken a seat opposite me.
‘You’re not looking too good yourself, son.’ 
I winced, mouthing a hurried apology. The old gentleman winked, picked up a newspaper and probably hoped the Adams family opposite were the next to be called in. Resisting the urge to assure him that most of our group weren’t related to me in any way, I turned to Kirsten, surprised by the absence of loud guffaws.
It was then I noticed, for the first time, her crestfallen face. Yesterday she would have laughed at Frankie’s antics; she usually found the children’s offensive outbursts highly amusing. Oblivious to it all, sat flicking through the pages of Closer, her Ugg boots sprawled over one of the spare seats next to her.
‘Kirsten,’ I hissed, nodding my head in the direction of the seat. She gave me a blank look.
‘What?’ she asked, her dulcet tones grabbing the attention of the old man.
‘Get your feet off the seat,’ I barked. She rolled her eyes and lifted them off with a sigh, as if they were weighted with concrete. She seemed distant and I wondered what other demons were stalking her; last night it seemed to me that we had turned a corner and that she nursed at least a fragile optimism for the future. What had changed? I wondered.
‘What’s troubling you today, love?’ I leaned towards her, whispering under my breath. ‘You seem a little tense.’
She shrugged. ‘Nothing.’
I continued to stare at her though she had turned away from me. Feeling akin to my aunt, who could prise my troubles out of me, however reluctant I was to share them, I pressed her. ‘Have you heard anything from Telmo?’
She looked up sharply and nodded. ‘He called me in for a drugs test this morning.’

When we got back home armed with a five day course of antibiotics for Frankie, I was thinking that the day might be quite pleasant if I set the sand and water trays up in the garden and invited Kirsten to stay for lunch. That was before I spotted Louisa pulling Maisie up outside the house.
Kirsten unclipped Alfie’s car seat and lifted him out while Bethany and Adam assisted the younger two. Louisa swept across the driveway in high-heeled sandals, gasping as little stones flicked up and caught between her toes.
On sight of Kirsten, Louisa slowed her step and her smile rapidly vanished, being replaced by a rather rude glare. ‘Louisa, this is Kirsten. Kirsten,’ I held out my hand, gesturing towards my overly made-up friend, ‘Louisa.’
Louisa seemed to have lost her tongue. She was rarely confronted with anyone like Kirsten, accustomed as she was to learning about life outside her own little bubble by flicking through the pages of Hello! 
‘What’s a matter with your sandals, lady?’ Frankie piped up, doing his best to make her feel comfortable, in his own special way. ‘You walking funny. Did you step in some shit?’
Louisa’s jaw dropped in shock as Kirsten shrieked with laughter and ushered her son towards the house. Bethany grabbed Charlotte’s hand and followed behind but I noticed she couldn’t resist a surreptitious glance over her shoulder to catch Louisa’s reaction.
‘Are you okay, Louisa?’ I asked. ‘Would you like to come inside?’
She nodded vaguely, looking rather dazed. By the time I made her a coffee she had recovered her composure and sat daintily on one of the breakfast stools with her legs crossed. One lasered and perfectly tanned leg swung over the other. Kirsten sat on the floor in the living room with the other children, Alfie lying on his tummy in front of her.
‘Thomas tells me that Adam is missing his dad,’ Louisa said, giving me a keen look. ‘Away is he?’
Adam’s head shot up and peered into the kitchen, watching me with an anxious frown.
‘Yes,’ I answered, brushing her question away with a wave of my hand, ‘something to do with diversity training. You know what it’s like these days, especially in the police force.’
‘Too far to commute then?’ 
I nodded and busied myself with the dishes, chewing my lip. I didn’t want to commit to a lie, particularly with the children within earshot, but I didn’t want to discuss our separation either, however temporary it may be. I scanned my brain for a change of subject but as usual, in my panic I went blank.
‘Oh,’ Louisa tilted her head to the side, her eyes trying to search mine. ‘Only Anna says that she and Richard saw Mark in the White Hart the other night.’ She watched me closely, no doubt trying to analyse the effect her words were having, before adding with a forced casual laugh, ‘the White Hart in Dorking that is. Only three miles away... saving petrol is he?’
Tears threatened to appear but I coughed and held them in, eyeing Louisa resentfully and gesturing my head towards Adam. Surely she realised this wasn’t a subject to pursue in front of him? Louisa smiled knowingly, and in truth a touch triumphantly. Swinging her long legs around in a cat-walk fashion, she walked over to me, slipping a well-toned arm around my shoulder. I caught an overpowering scent of Channel Number Five as she whispered, ‘I understand. We’ll talk later, darling. Auntie Louisa’s here for you.’
Kirsten snorted, screwing up her face in disgust. The gesture wasn’t lost on Louisa who glowered at her and gave me a distinct look of disapproval. It had never occurred to me before how uncomfortable I was in the company of people like Louisa. I had thought it was my naturally reserved nature that had set me apart from the shiny mummies at the school but I began to doubt it was that at all. Everything felt like a competition in their company and I most definitely didn’t measure up. In fact I didn’t want to. 
With Kirsten I felt relaxed, under no pressure to put on a show. In some ways, despite an extraordinary array of disturbing problems, the girl was a breath of fresh air. 
Louisa, satisfied she’d hit the nail on the head, sashayed into the living room, making no effort to hide her displeasure as she swept past Kirsten and the children.
‘What’s that you’re reading, Adam?’
Adam glanced up from his book, lifting the cover for her to read the title for herself.
‘Aw, bless. Still on that series? I remember those. Thomas read them all in year three. Perhaps you should make an effort to move him on a bit, Narelle,’ she called though to the kitchen, all fake concern, ‘you might find he falls behind if he doesn’t widen his interest.’
Adam buried his head back in his book, embarrassed. I found myself gripping the stripy tea-towel I was holding so tightly that my knuckles went white. I hadn’t noticed until recently, how competitive Louisa was about her own children and how dismissive of mine.
‘Bully for Thomas,’ Kirsten grunted under her breath, once more surly and aggressive, ‘but Adam would whip his arse at Crash Bandicoot.’ She smiled at Adam, a tigress defending my own child. I loved her for it.
Adam’s eyes glowed with pride, strengthening my feelings for Kirsten in an instant. In amongst all of the turmoil going on in her life, she had spared a thought for Adam, actually went out of her way to defend him. Adam gave her a puzzled half-smile. I wasn’t sure exactly how reassured he was by her intervention but I found myself brimming with gratitude towards the girl.
‘I’m merely saying that children need to stretch their literacy skills’, Louisa flounced into the kitchen with her usual dramatic flair, ‘it’s only a few terms until Common Entrance and St James’ have already raised their grade boundaries this year.’
Another loud snort from the living room intensified Louisa’s disapproving look. She pursed her mouth, her lips working as if she was chewing a wasp but I think she sensed this was one battle she wasn’t equipped to fight so she fell silent, casting me a coldly, furious look. 
‘Well, I’m off to Super Kids to pick up Darcy.’ She sounded like a petulant child. ‘I’ll pop around later,’ she glanced at Kirsten, ‘when you’re less busy. You can tell me all about, you know, then...’
I suppressed a smile, relieved I had a reprieve. With any luck Mark might be back later and I wouldn’t have to admit to being thrown into the abyss of single motherhood.
As I walked past Kirsten to show Louisa out she met my gaze and an unspoken accord passed between us.

That night I laid awake for several hours, listening to the night and wondering how Kirsten would get through whatever life had in store for her over the coming months. I remembered reading somewhere that the best predictor of the future was that of the past and, going by Kirsten’s history, something told me that whatever it was, it wasn’t going to be easy. 
As the distant sound of the wind brushing stray branches of the Leylandii hedge against my window pane, I found myself wishing that it was possible to divine what was to become of Kirsten and her babies.

Chapter Twenty-Seven
Narelle

A couple of days later the antibiotics had worked a treat and Frankie was back to his old, boisterous self. He charged around the house sporting his new Fireman Sam uniform, an outfit I had eventually managed to track down after trawling dozens of stores in the area. He delighted in ‘rescuing’ his sister’s soft toys after placing them in an imaginative array of precarious positions, including a near-drowning incident of teddy down the toilet.
I had noticed the children’s fantasy playing skills improving dramatically over the last week or two. They seemed to spend most of their day making up games and using their imagination. Kirsten had seemed uncomfortable joining in at first; I don’t think indulging in role play with the children had ever occurred to her before. Adam and Bethany were great teachers, dressing the toddlers up and inventing different scenarios for the toys. Gradually Kirsten relaxed and now she laughed and played along, enjoying herself as much as the children.
While they were all busy in the living room, I gave Alfie the last couple of ounces from his bottle and settled him in his bouncy chair to watch their game from the doorway. His little legs worked away furiously with excitement as he watched his young siblings and older housemates race around. Taking advantage of the opportunity I took myself off to the kitchen, dropping a pile of papers onto our long farmhouse style table in the centre of the kitchen.
Leaning across to flip the kettle on, I took a cursory glance at the papers that had arrived in the post that morning from the Family Rights Group. Kirsten had become anxious about what was going on behind the scenes at social services and I had promised to try and help by finding out exactly where she stood, legally speaking. She had been furnished with the services of a solicitor but he didn’t seem to be offering her that much in the way of support and I wondered how independent he was from the powers that be.
If I was the girl’s mother I would have been fighting her corner from the start but according to Kirsten, Mrs Taylor was usually drunk by mid-morning and hardly likely to be of much use. Minutes later, armed with a cup of coffee and two chocolate digestives, I sat down and flicked through all the information they had sent.
It seemed that, since Kirsten still had full parental responsibility, social workers were obliged to consult with her on what she thought would be best for her children and provide her with a written care plan outlining her rights and their expectations of her. So far, apart from the initial placement information, nothing had been prepared.
According to their advice, mothers in Kirsten’s situation should request a place in a residential family assessment unit, where she and her children could be observed and evaluated without being separated. It surprised me that this hadn’t been offered to her in the first place – it seemed a logical way for professionals to get to know her. Another alternative was a mother and baby placement in foster care, effectively what I was doing anyway, albeit in an underhand and part-time (not to mention unpaid) fashion. I made up my mind to discuss the options with Kirsten and then present the idea to Telmo.
A shrill ring from the cordless telephone in the kitchen interrupted my thoughts. Damn, I muttered, wondering whether to ignore it before realising the call might be from Mark. I hadn’t heard from him yet today and he’d been checking in regularly since he left, ‘just to check you’re all okay’. 
‘Hello?’ My heart beat a little faster with the hope that it might be him.
‘Nar-r-relle?’
I suppressed a sigh, knowing who it was as soon as I heard the roll of his tongue as he said my name.
‘Hello, Telmo.’
‘Are you alright? You breathless, yes?’
Of course I’m not alright. ‘Of course I’m alright,’ I said, trying to keep the disappointment from my voice. 
‘There’s a bit-ta de problem I’m afraid.’
My legs trembled as I gripped the receiver to my ear – had he discovered my leniency with Kirsten’s contact sessions? The sound of my heart beat filled my ears so loudly that I had to force myself to concentrate on his words. 
‘I’m afraid dat Kirsten has tested positive for de drugs.’
‘Oh no.’ My heart sank. I never guessed they would have the results back so soon. Hesitating, I wondered what I should say. Kirsten had begged me not to tell social workers about Pete, convinced his presence would weaken her case. Now, I wasn’t sure she had any choice. ‘That’s a shame, but -’
‘And she missed de court hearing yesterday,’ Telmo interrupted, ‘the judge granted de Interim Care Order in her absence so she must now share parental responsibility with de state. We should have no problem gaining de Full Care Order now, especially as she’s been found to have Borderline Personality Disorder.’
‘Personality Disorder?’ I repeated, trying to take it all in. ‘But she seems fine to me. I mean, a little lacking in social graces but apart from that...’
Telmo snorted. ‘To be fair,’ he said, with a touch of superiority, ‘you haven’t spent dat much time with her, have you? It’s not unusual for people with de history like Kirsten to display de traits of mental illness. A high number of de children what is in de care are affected in dat way.’
And you want to add three more to the list, I thought sardonically. ‘But surely she’s been doing well hasn’t she?’ I rambled, tempted to correct him on the number of hours I’d actually spent in her company. ‘I mean, the children adore her.’
‘They all adore de parents my dear, a-whatever de circumstances.’ I heard a heavy sigh. ‘No matter what’s been done to dem, dey always want to go-a home. It’s de human nature. It’s our job to protect dem.’
But not this time, I thought, this time you’ve got it wrong.
‘I’m sure she would have gone to the hearing if she could,’ I pressed, hearing the growing testiness in my voice but feeling it was worth the risk, ‘maybe she couldn’t get there. When was it, and why wasn’t I informed about it?’ I added challengingly.
‘De hearing was yesterday afternoon,’ he answered slowly, with a note of puzzlement. ‘We don’t need to inform de foster carer of any hearings, since dey don’t need to attend. Kirsten was notified of de hearing date by post. And her solicitor would have written to her as well.’
A queasy feeling rose in my stomach. Kirsten wouldn’t have received any letters since she had been forced out of her flat by Pete. Why hadn’t I thought of that before? Waves of pity coupled with a low panic swept through me.
‘Kirsten’s next contact has been scheduled for a-tomorrow. We’re unable to host it at de contact suite so could you bring dem to the offices at Wingate House, at two p.m., yes?’
Agreeing to transport them there, I replaced the phone on its charger base in my kitchen, my stomach performing small flips. Glancing towards the living room, I could see Kirsten watching me avidly. I managed a tepid smile, my hands fluttering nervously to my hair.
For the rest of the afternoon I stayed busy in the kitchen, preparing dinner for all of us and giving Kirsten some space to play with the children. After dinner she bathed the toddlers and put them to bed and then sat on the sofa with Alfie on her lap, rocking and speaking to him in hushed tones.
Later that evening, after being thrashed at Monopoly by both of my children, I laid with Adam on his single bed and watched A Goofy Movie then left him to read himself to sleep and went downstairs, wondering whether Kirsten had managed to settle Alfie in his cot.
Passing by the downstairs bathroom, I heard a low keening sound, animal-like. Slowly I widened the gap in the door and peered around. Kirsten was sitting on the floor with her knees raised up, leaning backwards against the wall by the sink. Her cries fragmented into sobs when she looked up at me, despairing.
My nerves jangled as I realised Telmo must have spoken to her at some point during the afternoon to pass on the news. Kneeling beside her, I slipped my arm around her shoulders but I didn’t say anything. No words came to me.
‘I’m losing them aren’t I?’ Her words were flat - it was a statement rather than a question. She studied my face but I looked away. It was difficult to confront all the anguish pouring out from her eyes.
When I looked back my expression was resolute. ‘No, we can’t let that happen.’ I spoke with a determined resolve, almost believing it. The state don’t take children that are loved this much, I told myself. This is England, people have rights here.

Chapter Twenty-Eight
Narelle

After a fitful night, interrupted several times by a snuffling Alfie, I woke at six a.m., feeling exhausted. Glancing at the empty space next to me in the double bed a wave of nausea swept over me as my brain caught up with recent events and Mark’s impromptu departure.
Deciding not to dwell on negative thoughts I crept out of bed and showered quickly, dressing in a white linen blouse and pink cashmere jumper with black trousers. Since the little ones had arrived I had slipped into pulling on a tired pair of jeans most days but I had a feeling that Mark might pop around to see the children and I wanted to make an effort to look at least a little less washed out.
After a hurried breakfast we left the house, heading straight for the car. It was the morning after Telmo had imparted the news about the ICO, Interim Care Order, and I had been asked to drop the children for their supervised contact session with Kirsten.
I had an inkling that I was overdressed for a social services office. Their usual clientele probably wore a shell-suit or tight cropped leggings and I didn’t possess either.
‘Yoo-hoo!’
I could hear the strident voice as I bundled the children into the car but I remained with my head stubbornly inside and my bottom festooned outwards, hoping that I wasn’t about to be hijacked by Louisa. I wasn’t in the mood for conversation.
Over the last few weeks I was beginning to see the benefit of becoming a hermit and was seriously considering researching the lifestyle on Google.
‘Yoo-hoo. Hello-o-o. Narelle isn’t it?’
I turned my head, squinting to the side at the figure of a young woman walking determinedly towards me. As she came into focus I realised it was Ellie, Chris’s wife. My heart pounded against my ribcage, wondering what on earth she might want. I was surprised to find she was smiling brightly when she reached me. I straightened but guiltily avoided her gaze, nodding idiotically. A sudden sharp wind blew hair into my face and I was grateful for the temporary shield.
Ellie’s long highlighted tresses fell across her face as she leaned into the spot I had vacated, peering at the children. ‘Ah bless,’ she said in an affected tone, ‘they’re so sweet. Orphans aren’t they?’
Removing errant strands of hair from my mouth I stepped forward, ushering her out of the way of the open door so that they wouldn’t be able to hear her. I know they probably didn’t understand what she meant but I didn’t want her gazing at them like they were some novelty in the local zoo. I made a play of checking my watch. ‘Well, not orphans no, but they are in foster care for a short time.’
‘Why is that?’ she asked, without hesitation. 
It was a situation I encountered regularly, whenever anyone found out the children were in care. No one was very enamoured with my answer. ‘I’m afraid I can’t discuss it,’ I said with an apologetic smile, leaning back into the car to secure Frankie’s seat belt. I wasn’t remotely sorry. Their history was private, certainly nothing to do with her. She was hardly mother of the decade anyway so she had nothing to crow about.
‘I wanted to tell you my news.’ She was speaking loudly to my back as I leaned across to Charlotte’s side. The wind was gathering pace and I had to strain to hear her voice though I would have preferred it if she’d left me alone. ‘I know we haven’t spoken much since we moved here but I thought now I’m in the family way again-...’
I spun around, the suddenness of my movement stopping her in mid-sentence. Her long manicured fingers were stroking her rotund tummy in an erotic movement. My own stomach turned over but I forced a smile to hide my shock as she stared at me curiously, her head tilted to one side.
‘I we might get together for a coffee,’ she continued unprompted, a flash of puzzlement still present in her eyes, ‘I’ll be packing up work in a couple of months.’
Desperately trying to hide my face which I could feel had drained of colour, I nodded and mumbled something about that being a nice idea before scrambling round to the driver’s door and climbing hurriedly in, resting my head back on the headrest and releasing all the air out of my lungs.

Wingate House was the centre of Merton Social Services, located in a back street about a quarter of a mile from the main town centre of Mitcham. The exterior of the building was pleasing to the eye with its weathered red brick and arched gothic-style windows.
The interior, by contrast, was grim with its cold hospital style flooring along the corridor and beige painted walls that were cracked and peeling. When we arrived the toddlers tottered off a few feet ahead of me, looking forward to seeing their mum. 
Reeling from the shock of Ellie’s pregnancy, the strange, institutional smell to the place caused bile to rise from my nervous stomach. It wasn’t at all welcoming, something the children sensed and they dropped back, walking either side of me. Their small bodies bumped into my legs as I struggled along, Alfie’s car seat wobbling in the crook of my elbow. 
Telmo showed us into a small office then left us, hurrying off down the grim corridor. The room was about ten feet by twelve, with the same beige walls and blue nylon, stained carpet. Most of the space was taken up with desks and chairs, so much so that I had to usher the children in first in order to swing the door open wide enough to squeeze Alfie’s seat in. I could smell cleaning fluid and cheap furniture polish.
Old notice boards adorned two of the walls, the paper pinned to them creased and yellowing. I suspected that the letters displayed were at least two years out of date. It was a scruffy, chaotic place and certainly not ideal for holding a two hour contact session with two toddlers and a young baby.
In the corner of the room sat a heavy-set woman with a pallid complexion and grey-flecked, lank hair. She balanced a clipboard and pen on her lap and looked up at us over the top of half-moon spectacles. ‘Hello, I’m Barbara Hendry, contact supervisor.’ Her voice was high-pitched, a cold sound in the austere room.
‘Hello.’ I smiled at her, reaching into Alfie’s nappy bag to see if there were any toys in there that Charlotte and Frankie might be vaguely interested in playing with. All I found was a lidless biro and a small rattle for Alfie. How Kirsten was supposed to occupy all three children here for two hours was beyond me. I knew that I would struggle myself.
‘That will be all,’ Barbara trilled dismissively, a hint of reproach in her voice.
‘I was going to wait until Kirsten arrived,’ I told her, knowing that all of the children, but Frankie in particular, found it stressful to be left in the company of strangers, ‘they’ll get upset if I leave them.’ I lifted Alfie out of his seat and he nuzzled his warm forehead into my neck. Frankie began climbing on a chair. Already bored, he was muttering profanities under his breath as Charlotte jockeyed for position beside him. Barbara’s sparse eyebrows collapsed towards the bridge of her nose in disapproval.
‘That won’t be necessary.’ Her lank hair stayed where it was as she shook her head, weighed down with hairspray. ‘It doesn’t matter whether they’re upset or not. In fact it would be rather useful. I would like to see how Kirsten manages to comfort them when she comes in. I am to note down my observations for Telmo.’
‘It matters to me, Mrs Hendry,’ I answered, using the sort of tone that Louisa would be proud of. Barbara’s nostrils flared but she said nothing, her thin lips stretching even sparser. I would have softened my words, however irritated I was, but my sympathy for the children seemed to override my considerate nature.
A sudden loud rapping at the door signalled Kirsten’s arrival and I let out all my breath in relief, passing Alfie to her the second she walked in. ‘I’ll see you later everyone,’ I called out behind me, leaving Kirsten to deal with the irate Barbara.
The soulless corridor appeared even bleaker without the children and their endless bounds of energy to lift it. In the distance I could hear the rising strains of a baby crying. It didn’t sound like Alfie and I wondered how many other families were visiting their children in this forbidding place. A loud buzz of conversation emanating from one of the doors at the end of the corridor drew my attention and I peered through a small glass window at eye level, wondering whether it was the office Telmo worked in.
Summoning my courage, I commanded myself to move and rapped on the door. Hearing no response I opened it and walked straight into the large, open plan space. A woman dressed in a high-necked T-shirt, jeans and sparkly flip-flops was crouched in front of an ancient looking green filing cabinet. She looked up sharply then straightened and walked towards me, smiling inquisitively. She was in her early-thirties, slim and pretty, with shoulder-length hair.
I took a few halting steps in her direction. ‘Sorry to disturb you. Is there any chance I could speak to Telmo?’
A few minutes later she showed me into a small office, separated from the main space by what appeared to be panels of MDF. Telmo was sitting behind a desk writing notes on a yellow-coloured form. He looked up as I hovered in the doorway and bestowed a brief yet reluctant smile. I could tell he was irritated to see me and knew he was probably manically busy but what the hell, I thought, this is important.
He dropped his pen to the desk which was strewn with piles of paper and leaned back in his chair, gesturing for me to sit down. ‘What can I do for you, Nar-r-relle?’
I paused for a moment as I sat down, choosing my words carefully. ‘I’ve been reading up on Kirsten’s options and I think it would be a good idea to find her a place in a family centre. It seems to me she is the ideal -’
‘I’m afraid that won’t be possible,’ Telmo interrupted me with a sardonic smile, shaking his head.
‘Why not?’ I could feel my irritation rising already.
He gave a deep sigh and leaned further back in his chair, as if trying to distance himself from me. ‘Have you any idea how expensive a slot in one of dose places costs? Even if dere was de availability, which there isn’t by de way...’
‘What about a mother and baby placement in foster care? I’d be happy to make some adjustments at home to fit her in. I don’t expect to be paid.’
Telmo gave me a measured look, his eyebrows arching sceptically. ‘Your role is to support de children, not side with de parents.’
‘That’s exactly what I am doing,’ I answered, chilling my tone to match his own, hoping the quiver in my voice wouldn’t betray my increasing emotional involvement in the case. ‘But surely in supporting their mother we are helping the children? It seems to me that Kirsten could be a ‘good enough’ mum, with the right support-...’
‘It’s not something we relish doing you know, Narelle. Believe me, if dere was another way dat didn’t cost de earth.’
‘I know how expensive the assessment homes are but if successful it could save the state hundreds of thousands of pounds in the long run. Don’t we have to consider the wider picture?’
A droplet of sweat on his forehead glistened under the harsh overhead lights and I could tell I was getting to him. The room was hot and fetid air was being blown around by a fan whirring inefficiently from its position on a scratched looking desk in the corner. ‘We have fifty families in de similar position to Kirsten, all needing de same level of support, just in this borough. We’re already thousands over-budget for dis financial year and with respect Narelle, I think we’re probably in de better position to judge than you are.’ 
I stared at the wood grain on the only spare bit of his desk I could see, as if a valid argument might suddenly materialise from there to help me out.
‘You think I’m being very hard, don’t you?’
‘Yes I do,’ I admitted, surprised by the directness of my tone. Habitually I sought to soften my anger towards anyone by skirting around issues or avoiding them altogether. With the children’s happiness at stake, their very future, I found myself feeling bold. ‘But I would like to take the financial burden of helping Kirsten out of the equation for you. As I said, I will take her in with no extra cost to your department.’
Telmo shook his head, eyeing me suspiciously, as if I had something personal to gain from the offer. ‘I am afraid dere are rules and procedures we must follow and informal arrangements would not do, not at all. There is little point in continuing dis conversation, Mrs Fielding.’ His tone was formal and dismissive and I rose to leave, swallowing down a number of expletives that would make my Frankie proud.
It seemed pointless driving home and then coming back out to pick up the children so I walked into Mitcham town centre for a coffee, still fuming. Inside the shop, all my worst suspicions about local greasy cafes were confirmed. The place was shabby to say the least; long wooden tables were arranged in two rows across the length of the space, with benches either side for customers to sit on. Each table was covered in blue and white checked oil-cloths which I suspected and soon confirmed, lived up to their greasy name splendidly.
 Sitting at the end of one table, I wondered whether to call Mark and see whether he had any legal knowledge of care proceedings and the obligation of social services to accommodate a mother’s wishes. With one hand on the keypad of my mobile I was about to dial his number when a young boy of about five years, dressed in a pair of dirty tracksuit bottoms and a T-shirt with fresh stains over considerably older stains, approached my table and made a grab for the handset.
My reaction times had improved since becoming a foster carer and I arced my arm away in time, eyeing his mother with a silent plea to remove him from his attack position. The overweight young woman sat texting with one hand, picking her teeth with the other. Her shiny tracksuit covered legs were spread wide apart and after an age she looked away from her phone and across to me and her son, engaged in a Mexican stand-off. Her expression was fixed and after a few moments I began to wonder whether her features were capable of movement, or if indeed she could talk at all.
Taking matters into my own hands, I dislodged the child from his position (standing on my sandal covered feet) and steered him back towards his mother. He began rummaging through her bag so she slapped him swiftly across the back of his head, staring at me with a malevolent glint in her eyes.
Hurriedly finishing my coffee I risked a fierce look in her direction and left the cafe, mentally rehearsing my opening gambit to Mark, all the while knowing the call was a ruse to hear his voice.
Outside it was drizzling, the light rain driving into my eyes as I walked back towards Wingate House. He’s the one who left, I could hear my aunt’s words in my ears again. Let him be the one to make the first move. Knowing that she was probably right, I slipped the phone back into my handbag, deciding it would be best to leave him alone. Mark wanted some space, I thought, my chin setting obstinately. Let him have it in abundance.
I would investigate Kirsten’s legal position for myself.

Chapter Twenty-Nine
Kirsten

Hurrying across the grass verge towards the car park, I felt a prickle of ice down my back, like someone was watching me.  Narrowing my eyes, I scanned the area but like, couldn’t see nothing. Breaking into a jog, I crossed the street. Whatever it was had gone by the time I reached the path but I was left with a weird feeling that someone was creeping up on me. 
It was six p.m. and the sky was overcast, looking like it might rain.  I quickened my step as I neared the entrance to the car park. If my clothes got wet they would stay soaked all night and the blanket I’d managed to get hold of would get damp. I didn’t want another night feeling frozen. It would be difficult enough to sleep, what with worrying about the Interim Care Order. Hovering at the entrance, I stopped and listened, my mind working overtime. I glanced behind me but saw nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing out of place.
The car park was quiet. All I could hear was the whistle of the wind as the rain began to fall and a slight rustle of leaves. There was nothing to worry about, I told myself, but the tiny hairs on my arms stood on end anyway. 
‘I know you’re there,’ I whispered into the gloom, my voice echoing around the large open space. A long minute passed while I prayed no one would answer.  Nothing.  All that came back was the sound of blood rushing through my ears.
Minutes later I was tucked away under my blanket, feeling safer. From my position under one of the ramps in the car park, I could hear the rumble of evening traffic passing by on the high road. It was cold but strangely, I found the numbing feeling in my toes reassuring after the disturbing walk from Narelle’s house.
There was a shuffling noise and I turned to peek out from my hiding place. A man in a long dark overcoat walked in to the car park, head down, left hand gripping his collar high up around his neck. It was a moment or two before I recognised his familiar walk.
It was Pete.
My legs went like, to jelly. For a second I wanted to believe that him being there was a coincidence but I knew it weren’t. He must have followed me to the car park – I was miles away from home and Pete hardly ever left Mitcham, except in the back of a police van. Not wanting to believe it, I held my breath and shrank further into the like, shadows, tucking my feet tight up towards me and hugging my knees.
Pete took a few steps back and like, glanced all around him, bending to check between cars that had been left parked overnight. I knew it must mean he guessed I was around somewhere but weren’t sure where. I had a chance of escape, as long as I kept like, quiet and didn’t move.
I could hear my heart thumping so loud I was frightened Pete might hear it. Stupid I suppose. I closed my eyes for a moment so I wouldn’t have to look at him. Dropping my head back, I sucked in a massive lungful of air, trying to calm myself down. When I opened my eyes Pete was looking straight at me. I stared back at him in shock and he bellowed with laughter.
There was a long silence when I just stared at him, my heart thudding even louder. I could hear it in my ears. Slowly he walked towards me. I stood up ready to bolt, but once I found my feet I didn’t move. I was like, rooted to the spot.
‘Kirsten?’
I didn’t answer. I couldn’t. I knew he’d kill me, whatever I did. I shoved my hands in my pockets, surprised for a second when my fingers ran over my mobile phone. For a split second I like, wondered whether I could unlock the keypad and dial 999 without him noticing. But then I decided not to even bother trying. If the police got involved and the social knew Pete was stalking me I’d lose the kids. Either way, I was dead.
‘Kirsten? I’m talking to you.’ He came forward and grabbed my shoulder. I noticed a vein bulging at the side of his forehead. Shakily, I lowered my head, certain I was about to throw up. Pete grabbed my chin and forced me to look at him. ‘Did you really think I was gonna let you walk away?’
His fingernails dug into my skin and my eyes filled with water but I didn’t make a sound. If he knew I was scared it would spur him on so I clenched my fists and glared back at him, trying to copy the icy stares Narelle had give me when I first met her.
‘Don’t look at me like that, you no good bitch. You think ‘cos you’re all cosied up with that hoity-toity foster carer in her big fucking house that suddenly you’re worth more than jack shit, is that –’
He broke off. Something caught his eye. Turning from me, he dropped his hand from my chin to his side. Rubbing my skin which had started to bleed, I followed his eyes to where a white sporty looking car was pulling into the entrance of the car park. The tyres bounced over speed humps, whump, whump, whump. The engine revved noisily and for a second Pete was mesmerised; he was like, so obsessed with anything motorised.
Seeing my chance, I grabbed my rucksack from behind me and ducked away from him towards the moving car. Running full pelt, I hoped that the driver would like, see me darting towards the entrance so that Pete wouldn’t be able to do nothing to stop me. Not with a witness watching.
WRONG.
Pete didn’t give a shit and nor did the driver of the sport’s car. He chased after me and like, dragged me off of my feet, pulling me backwards into the dark corner where I’d slept the night before. My shoes came off as I went and the skin on my heels scraped along the hard concrete floor.
‘Ow, you’re hurting me,’ I couldn’t help myself shouting out, even though I knew it’d wind him up even more. ‘Leave me, Pete, please!’
He let go of me and I feel backwards, catching the side of my head and my elbow hard on the ground. I turned onto my front, trying to scramble away from him but he leapt forward and straddled my back, pulling my hair so hard that my face turned sideways.  I could see his bottom teeth jutting out, like an aggressive pit-bull.
‘Apologise for running, bitch.’
I was trembling all over but something held me back from answering him. I think I guessed it was all over for me. Either he would do away with me or drag me back to the flat. Either way my life was over. I weren’t going to brown nose him as well.
Pete let go of my hair and slipped his hands around my neck. ‘I said fucking apologise.’
I shook my head. ‘No.’ I sounded pissed, my words were so slurred where his hands were like, tightening around my throat. I could smell the nicotine rising from his fingers and I tried hard to concentrate on the smell to like, take my mind off what he was about to do. 
‘Stop taking the piss, you stinking bitch. Now, apologise.’
He tightened his hands even more and I began thrashing around. I couldn’t move my arms from underneath me, he was sitting on me so tight. I managed to wriggle one of my hands free and scrabbled around, clutching hold of my coat that I’d used as a pillow to sleep on. My fingers slipped over something long and hard and I heard a rattle. It was the pen I’d nicked from Narelle’s when I was drawing with the kids.
Pete tightened his grip on my throat and I felt my brain fill with pressure. My fingers tightened over the pen like they were in a spasm. If I could twist around enough to scratch his face with it I could get a proper breath and the shock of it might give me chance to run. But I felt weak. My face was burning with heat and I started to dribble.
So this is how it all turns out, I thought, as I felt myself losing consciousness. The kids were never meant to be mine after all. Somehow I knew from the moment I first held them that I wouldn’t be able to like, keep them for long, only I didn’t know it was because I would be taken from them rather than the other way around. Even though I knew I would never beat Pete, I fought like a mad thing against his grip. I wanted to catch enough breath so I could like, beg him, please, don’t make me leave my kids. I wanted to tell him that no one would love them the way I do. I weren’t perfect; there was so much I did wrong, so much I wanted to try and make better. And it was unbearable to think of leaving them all alone.
I moved my lips but I couldn’t swallow and my eyes felt like they were bulging out of my head. Blinking rapidly, I tried to like, tell him with my eyes. But if I weren’t going to see them again I wanted them to know when they were older that I would never have left them without a fight. Tell them I fought, I croaked, badly wanting Pete to hear me. Kids, I’m sorry, I know it weren’t good enough but all the way along, from the moment you were born, I like, tried. I did try.
‘You’re nothing but a slag, d’ya know that? A proper tart. Now, say sorry.’ I could feel his hot breath on my face and the weight of him was crushing my lungs but I lifted my arm in the air and heaved around, stabbing wildly with the pen. The handle whipped away from my grip with a whoomp and suddenly Pete let out a loud roar of anger at me for daring to fight back. He belted me across the face with the back of his hand.
I dropped to the ground and kept my face buried in the concrete, heaving in a few desperate breaths. It was bliss to get fresh air into my lungs and I wanted to stay where I was forever, not wanting to turn around and catch the fury I knew would be on his face.
I stayed where I was for a few more seconds, savouring being able to breathe. A few moments later, Pete’s silence was beginning to make me feel more panicked than before. Waiting for him to yell at me, I tried to work out his position, wondering whether he would rush at me as soon as I turned around.
Wrenching my body up, I like, turned as slowly as I could. My eyes widened in pure horror. Pete sat slumped against the engine of a car, whimpering. The pen was like, stuck right into his eye, with only the top half visible. Blood spewed out in all directions as his fingers played with the plastic, hardly daring to touch it.
‘Do something, you stupid bitch,’ he managed to gasp, but I could hear the fear in his voice.
I got to my feet and tottered a few steps towards him, hardly daring to believe what I’d done. Groggy from lack of oxygen, I gaped at him, feeling sick. Pulses of blood ran over his hands and down to drip from his elbows to the floor.
‘Oh God, what have I done?’ I said, horrified.
‘Do something, for fuck’s sake. Get it out.’ 
Pete was panting and slumping further down the car. I crouched beside him, fumbling with the end of the pen. He yelped in pain.
‘I’m sorry, Pete.’ The plastic was drenched with blood and I couldn’t get a grip on it. ‘I’m so sorry.’ I began to sob.
‘Fuck that blubbing, just do something!’
I stumbled over to my coat and dragged it back to Pete, wrapping it around the handle of the pen. He whimpered but I forced myself to ignore the pain I was about to cause him, knowing I had to like, do it to help him. Closing my fingers around the end of it, I pulled as hard as I could. There was a strange whooshing noise as the end popped out. Blood spurted everywhere, billowing out of him like a waterfall.
Dropping the biro, I ripped my T-shirt off over my head and held it to his eye, clamping it in place. ‘Hold it, Pete, hold it there,’ I screamed at him, fumbling around in my coat pocket for my phone. It wasn’t there. It must have fallen out.
His hands slipped away, falling into his lap and I saw to my horror that his lips were going blue. I clamoured for his hand, forcing it back up to his eye. ‘Hold this,’ I yelled, but his fingers slipped out of my grasp, flopping onto the pool of blood on his groin. I yanked his belt from his trousers and slipped it over his head, pulling it tight around my T-shirt to hold it in place over his eye.
Pete’s breathing was slowing down.
‘Oh God, oh my God.’ I looked around, trying desperately to see if the driver of the sport’s car was around. There was no sign of him and suddenly Pete let out a strange wheezing sound. He pulled a weird grimace before jerking his legs out wildly then slipping down past the registration plate of the car, cracking his head on the concrete.
There was silence. 
I sat beside him, staring at his pale face and blue lips. A foul smell met my nostrils and I realised that he’d pissed himself, or worse. ‘Pete?’ I forced myself to touch his arm and grabbed hold of his coat, shaking him. ‘Pete, please.’
Silence.
Shit, I thought. Shit, shit, shit. Why does everything have to go wrong all the time? Shaking, I dropped back on my heels and covered my mouth with my hands, not realising they were smeared with Pete’s blood. I shuddered at the metallic taste and shuffled backwards, away from his body. It was then I saw it; my mobile phone.
Crawling on my hands and knees, I reached for it and fumbled to unlock the keypad. I weren’t sure whether to call the police or an ambulance. I knew it was too late for them to help him, whoever turned up.
For some reason, instead of dialling 999, my fingers scrolled to the address book and trembling, I scrolled down to the number I needed. Gasping in frustration, I remembered I didn’t have no credit. Dialling 100, I mumbled the details into my phone and pleaded for her to reverse the charges – quickly.
Putting you through, caller. I sank to the blood soaked floor in relief when I heard the calm, caring, if a little groggy voice across the airwaves.

‘Narelle?’ I couldn’t say no more. I waited for her to reply, rubbing my hands on my jeans trying to get some of the blood off of my fingers.
‘Hello...’ Narelle paused. 
I weren’t sure whether she knew who it was but like, shock was beginning to set in and I couldn’t make my lips move, let alone force a sound out.
‘Kirsten? Is everything okay?’
She must of recognised me. I pressed my fingers into my hair and clamped a bunch in my hands, pulling on it as hard as I could, trying to force the words out. ‘Yeah,’ I croaked. Why did I say that?
‘You don’t sound okay.’ She was so calm.
There was a pause, her waiting for me to say something else. I didn’t. I was tempted to like, hang up.
‘Where are you?’ she asked. I could hear suspicion creeping into her voice.
‘I’m in trouble,’ I blurted out, ‘I’m sorry. I don’t know who else to call.’
‘What’s happened?’
‘Something...’ I couldn’t find the right words. I weren’t even sure I should say it out loud over the like, phone. My hands were shaking so much I had to grip the handset tight to stop it slipping from my bloody fingers.
‘I’m on my way. Tell me exactly where you are.’

Chapter Thirty
Narelle

Rain pelted down as I drove over the downs towards Epsom. I flicked the wipers to their highest level, thinking how fortunate it was that Louisa had popped over on one of her impromptu visits when I took Kirsten’s call. I had whipped the newly poured glass of Sancerre from her delicate fingers to ensure sobriety and left her to deal with Frankie and Charlotte who were wailing unceremoniously for their tea. The dose of reality would do her good, I thought, though how she would manage to prepare a meal with Frankie vacuuming the tiles around her feet and Charlotte whingeing incessantly was anyone’s guess, especially since there wasn’t an Eastern European anywhere in the vicinity. Adam had eagerly volunteered to give Alfie his evening bottle and Bethany was more than happy to watch Louisa flounder in the kitchen, I could tell by the look of relish on her face as I left.
The traffic grew heavier as I drew nearer to the town centre one way system and as a fog rapidly descended I couldn’t help but feel irritated by Kirsten’s unexpected call. What was so urgent that it couldn’t wait until morning? For a moment I regretted offering to help her, wondering whether I’d made a rod for my own back by being so accommodating.
There were some people who simply couldn’t help but take liberties if they felt they would get away with it and I was afraid that Kirsten probably fitted that particular category well. It was difficult enough caring for her three young children; I certainly wasn’t in a position to add another dependent to the list, not if she was going to be so helpless. Pulling into the Ashley centre car park, I made up my mind to tell her it would be the last time I made a mercy dash on her behalf.
I drove a full circuit around the near empty first floor before I spotted her cowering behind a large 4 x 4. Emerging slowly, her figure was silhouetted against the darkening sky, visible through small rectangle openings in the drab concrete walls.
Pulling into a space beside a large dark-coloured Shogun, I caught sight of the anxiety on her face and decided not to launch straight into my lecture about having enough children to cope with. Squinting, I noticed her face was smeared with something and oddly, she wore her coat, buttoned right up to her neck. My heart began to race a little as I saw that she looked close to tears. Nausea rose in my stomach as I climbed out of the car, though I wasn’t sure why. Slowly I walked towards her. It appeared she was near to collapse. Her drawn face looked gaunt in the poor light and her eyes were wide with shock.
‘What is it, Kirsten?’ I was beginning to feel more and more anxious. ‘What’s happened?’
She didn’t answer, pulling her coat further onto her shoulders and wrapping it tightly around herself. It was only then I noticed the blood caked between her fingers.
‘Jesus, Kirsten, what have you done to yourself?’ I knew from the Placement Information Record that she was a self-harmer. But where on earth had all that blood come from? ‘Kirsten?’ I was in full-panic mode now. ‘What’s going on?’
Tucking her hands into her armpits to hide the blood stains, she lowered her head in silence and gave an almost imperceptible shrug of her shoulders. I could have shaken her. In fact I would have done, had she not walked around the front of the car, heading towards a wide concrete pillar next to another large vehicle on the opposite side of the car park. I followed instinctively without a word, gasping when I caught sight of a man’s trainers sticking out from behind the column.
Slowing my step, I reached Kirsten and stood beside her, both of us staring down at a corpse. Without needing to ask, I could see at once that it was Pete Kernick, even though half of his head seemed to be shrouded by a bloody T-shirt, held in place with a leather belt.
Covering my mouth with my hand, I muffled a wail. It was a shocking sight. I’d seen a dead body before. I was nine when my mother died and I was taken by my aunt to see her body but I remember being filled with a sense of peace after the visit to the undertakers. She looked so peaceful in repose, her hair draped delicately across her shoulder, her mouth curved upwards, as if she were having a beautiful dream.
This was different. It was ugly and brutal. Diving behind the Shogun, I threw up behind the hefty back wheel, panting to get my breath back so that I could try and think what to do.
The police should be called of course. But if Kirsten was arrested for murder, no matter what the provocation, surely she would be sent to prison? It would mean losing her children forever. I felt an arm across my back and rose to meet Kirsten’s panicked expression, the confusion in her eyes. Now, as I recall the moment, I realise it was a pivotal turning point, where a different decision could have radically changed the way the rest of all our lives played out.
Kirsten looked utterly helpless and I knew she wasn’t capable of rational thought.
Even as I set my chin determinedly and made a crucial decision for both of us I knew, deep within my conscious mind, that no good would come of it.

Chapter Thirty-One
Narelle

The air whistled out of my lungs fast as I leaned down and slipped my hands under Pete’s shoulders, heaving him off the ground. A strong wave of nausea rippled through my stomach as his head dropped back, the top of his forehead resting against the light cotton material of my dress. The belt holding Kirsten’s T-shirt in place slipped off and two bulbous, watery eyes stared up at me, unblinking, one oozing dark red blood. ‘Come on, Kirsten,’ I hissed under my breath, ‘quickly.’
Bending over, she hovered at the dead man’s feet, her face grey. I could see she was terrified of touching him but I was pretty cut up myself and close to losing patience. Having made the decision to cover up the deed, we needed to get away before anyone else entered the car park. ‘Kirsten, MOVE!’
Immediately she responded, grabbing at his legs and hoisting them up either side of her, his dirty, blood-stained trainers straddling her jeans. Digging my fingernails into Pete’s t-shirt to gain some purchase, I walked backwards, half-lifting, half-dragging his corpse towards the boot of my car. Kirsten staggered clumsily in tow. Every few seconds I stopped, panting and raising my left knee to rest his weight on me. The coldness of the skin between his shoulders permeated my dress and chilled my thigh, causing me to shiver. It required a monumental effort in self-control to stop the gagging reflex from overpowering me. ‘In here,’ I managed to croak out, my throat spasming.
Holding my breath and feeling the strain in my back, I arched my stomach outwards, using it as a lever beneath Pete’s body to hoist him up and over the rim of the boot. Kirsten supported his thighs and together we pushed. He rolled lifelessly over the top of the rubber seal and his body made an awful slumping noise as he hit the floor of the small space. I winced. His body landed on its side, his face settling against the metal of the inside wing. The small folds at the side of his neck were matted with drying blood, strands of greasy hairs caught up in the mess.
‘Grab your T-shirt from the floor. And the belt,’ I barked at Kirsten, ‘and make sure you haven’t left anything else of yours here.’
She rushed off and I took a few steadying breaths. Leaning over Pete’s body, I reached for the picnic blanket I kept aside for more cheerful family outings than this. Throwing it over him, I grabbed the edge of the fabric and stretched it to cover his neck, as if tucking him in for the night. The gesture brought the weight of my decision down on me with a vengeance then.
‘I’m sorry,’ I whispered, staring down at the side of his pale, swollen face, ‘truly sorry.’

Something cold shot through me as I drove speedily through the exit, pulling out onto a traffic filled East Street. It had stopped raining but the sky was still overcast, heavy with ominous-looking clouds. Suddenly a lonely, empty feeling opened up inside me. Kirsten sat beside me in the passenger seat, her thighs trembling visibly. Every now and then a small hiccup escaped her lips as she sobbed silently.
Gripping the steering wheel hard with one hand, I ran my fingers through my hair with the other, breathing hard. ‘Are you okay?’ I glanced in Kirsten’s direction, clenching my teeth to stop them chattering. Purple and dark blue bruises were becoming visible on her neck.
She shook her head, lowering her face to hide the fat tears rolling down her cheeks.
Pressing a finger into the bridge of my nose, I forced a calm tone. ‘Do you want to tell me what happened?’
There was silence. Kirsten’s legs wobbled frantically, her knees bumping together and making a thudding sound.
‘I need to know, Kirsten. After doing all this, I need to know.’ I could hear the agitation in my voice as further beats of silence filled the car. Resting my right elbow against the glass window in the driver’s door, I rubbed my hand briefly over my eyes and sighed, noticing that my forehead was sweaty.
Her voice, when she spoke, was thick and nasally with tears. ‘I didn’t mean to do it.’ She sniffed loudly. ‘He-..., she gulped, ‘he like, tried to rape me and I dunno what happened then. Oh my God, my God, it all happened so quick. I had to get away and...’ her voice rose to a shriek and I let out all my breath at once, patting the poor girl’s leg. Christ, what hadn’t she experienced in her short life? 
‘Sshh, it’s alright. Everything will be alright. We’ll get home and come up with a plan.’
‘No one will believe it was an accident.’ She gave a long, drawn out sob. Tears rolled down her cheeks, a few stray drops creeping between her lips. Keeping my eyes on the road, I reached out with my free hand and rubbed her back soothingly. The sobs continued, low and muffled as she nestled her mouth into her shoulder. 
‘What were you doing there anyway, in that car park?’
Looking up sharply, she caught my stare. ‘I lied to you,’ she said, with a flash of fear in her eyes, ‘I didn’t have nowhere to stay. I didn’t want you telling Telmo I was a hopeless case so I made up that I had somewhere to go.’ She chewed her lip, eyeing me with hesitation, as if being homeless might make me go back on my promise to help her.
‘Oh my goodness,’ I blew out my cheeks, ‘you poor kid.’ I was determined now to do my best to try and put things right for her. After what she’d been through, she had no choice but to do what she did. The police would sympathise with that.
Pete had attacked her, after all. Legally, she would be within her rights to claim self-defence for what she did. Or perhaps temporary insanity? Surely her fear had to count for something? 

It was nearly dark when we arrived home and the rain had started again, dark clouds obscuring the mid-evening sun. The house looked as welcoming as ever, its beauty hitting me with a sudden awful reality. Light streamed from the hallway and through the coloured glass triangles forming a semi-circle in the top of the front door. For a second I had to remind myself that I wouldn’t be spending a cosy evening tucked up with the children watching a film and snacking on popcorn.
If only, I thought, realising how simple life had been up until this point. And yet, I hadn’t appreciated it. Pulling onto the driveway, I gestured for Kirsten to get out and we crouched over a puddle, rubbing our hands over the wet gravel to get rid of the blood that was caked onto our fingers. I winced against the rain lashing against our faces. Thankfully, tall bushes shielded our view from the neighbours as I picked at my fingernails to clean the dried, dark flakes from underneath them. Kirsten stripped off her clothes in the back of the car, pulling out a creased dress from her rucksack. Climbing back into the car, I felt a bit cleaner but Kirsten looked like she was at the end of a bad shift in a Soho lap dancing club. Dreading to think what Louisa would say, I tossed a light scarf at Kirsten, gesturing for her to cover up her increasingly bruised neck. Aiming my widget towards the garage, I watched as the door moved slowly upwards and disappeared into the eaves of the roof.
Glancing at Kirsten, I sucked in a lungful of air and parked inside the dark space. Cutting the engine, I realised that I was looking forward to greeting Louisa with as much relish as an anticipated visit to the clinic for a smear test. 
Leaving the car and locking it using the key fob, I lifted my hands and flattened my fingers, lowering them slowly through the air in a gesture to Kirsten that she should stay calm. Yeah right, like I had the monopoly on composure tonight. She nodded mutely, her olive skin paler than I had ever seen it before.
Louisa waggled a reprimanding finger as I walked through the door connecting the garage to the kitchen. ‘What time do you call this?’ she asked with a grin from her position on a stool at the breakfast bar. Her smile faded fast when she caught sight of Kirsten following along behind.
‘Oh, hello.’ Her eyes dropped to take in Kirsten’s hooker-like appearance. Tossing her silky hair over her left shoulder, her lips set in a thin line of disapproval. ‘How nice to see you again.’
Kirsten shrugged her usual greeting and Louisa, staring rudely, forced a begrudging smile. 
There was a moment’s silence as Louisa’s eyes then flicked to my own unkempt appearance. ‘The youngsters are in bed,’ she said slowly, an expression of puzzlement crossing her features, ‘and your two are in the den watching TV.’ 
Knowing that only a grisly murder or an impromptu paintballing session would explain the assorted stains on my summer dress, I decided that it would be best to say nothing and get rid of her forthwith. ‘Thank you so much, Louisa,’ I said, taking her by the arm and walking her towards the hall. 
Suddenly I stopped dead, letting go of her. Something had clattered loudly nearby and my breath caught like a large fist in my chest, pummelling my ribcage mercilessly. The noise seemed to be coming from the garage. I glanced back at Kirsten and could see by the alarm on her face that she’d heard the sound too. She was breathing hard.
Staring at the connecting door, I stood rooted to the spot listening hard, Louisa watching me with interest. After a few moments of silence I marshalled my thoughts and re-gripped Louisa’s arm. Surprisingly she allowed me to guide her, aided no doubt by a fear of being polluted by the presence of a real-life member of the underclass in my own kitchen.
‘I’m sure those toddlers must have exhausted you, Louisa. Get home now and I’ll treat you to a coffee, tomorrow maybe?’ 
‘Nary.’ Louisa planted her feel stubbornly in the hallway. ‘We need to make arrangements for the summer ball. I haven’t sorted what I’m going to wear and that’s what this evening was supposed to be -’
‘Louisa.’ I interrupted, snappier than intended, but good grief, the summer ball? How on earth could anyone attach importance to such an event? The shallowness of it was exasperating. ‘We’ll sort out our outfits in time, please don’t worry.’ Fuck the summer ball, I thought.
‘Are you okay, Narelle?’ she asked as I ushered her towards the front door, her expression sceptical. ‘I’m worried about you.’
Planting a brief kiss on her tanned cheek, I laughed airily, hiding trembling hands behind my back. ‘Of course.’ I forced a light tone. ‘Everything’s fine. I’m tired, that’s all. I’ll call you tomorrow.’
As soon as the front door swung to a close my stomach somersaulted. The walls of the hallway seemed to spin like a kaleidoscope as I sped past them, clamping an open palm to my mouth. Opening the door with my shoulder, I barged into the bathroom and dropped to my knees by the toilet. Holding strands of my hair back in one hand I retched for the second time that evening, heaving the remaining contents of my stomach into the bowl. Visions of that poor man laid out in the boot of my car swam in and out of focus in my mind and I continued to retch for several minutes, finally bringing up trickles of brown, mucous saliva. Grabbing some tissues, I held a handful to my mouth, spitting into it every few seconds to relieve the acidy burn at the back of my throat.
Panting breathlessly, my thoughts turned suddenly to Mark. I wished fervently that he was here to support me but felt simultaneously relieved that he knew nothing about it. Leaning my back against the wall, I stayed in that position for several minutes before ripping off my dress and curling back in my bra and knickers. If the situation weren’t so horrific I could have laughed at the irony. Both Kirsten and I had started the day thinking our lives were already complicated.
Now we were in more trouble than we probably could ever have dreamed of. And I had absolutely no idea what to do next.

Chapter Thirty-Two
Narelle

For the next hour Kirsten and I sat in the den with Bethany and Adam while they watched a couple of episodes of The Middle. The muscles in Kirsten’s face worked continuously as she sat hunched up in the corner of the sofa next to Bethany, her knees drawn up in a child-like pose. Her eyes were still out on stalks as they had been when I first caught sight of her this evening. Was it only two hours ago? Fetching a fluffy blanket from the magazine basket in the corner, I wrapped it around her, hoping that some warmth might relieve the effects of the shock.
She gave me a weak smile of gratitude. Somehow I managed to laugh my way through the episode, an action worthy of an Oscar I thought. By the time I had bidden the children goodnight and seen them in to bed I was exhausted, the knowledge that a long night stretched ahead tiring me further. There would be no sleep for either of us tonight. Something had to be done about Pete, and fast.
When I rejoined Kirsten in the den her complexion was almost yellow, hollow under the eyes. Pouring two glasses of brandy, I gave her a grim smile and silently handed one to her. She grabbed the drink the way a drowning woman reaches out for a lift raft. It was then I remembered her history and chastised myself for not thinking of it earlier. But then, she would need something to get her through the deed we were about to carry out. I wasn’t sure she quite realised the ramifications of our earlier decision; as if she thought we could simply leave Pete’s body where it was, to rot away until nothing was left but bones.
Kirsten drained her tumbler immediately. I sipped mine with a shudder; I had never liked spirits or in fact alcohol of any sort. It was the pleasant liquefying feeling in my limbs that I appreciated, but tonight I felt no relaxation, just a burning sensation at the back of my throat, reminding me of the earlier rise of bile.
Eager to reach a state of relative calm, I took another hurried swig of brandy before refilling both glasses halfway. Wiping my forehead with the back of my hand and resting the cool glass against it for a moment, I sat beside her. ‘We need to get rid of the body.’ Now was not the time for polite preamble. Bethany had given Alfie a bottle at seven-thirty p.m., which gave us another four hours maximum before he’d be waking for another feed. I wanted Pete to be out of the way and both of us showered and changed before I went anywhere near that precious baby.
The thought that his father’s body laying in the boot of my car disgusted me and I felt unclean to the core. Giving myself a shake, I turned back to Kirsten. She stared directly ahead, resorting to her usual trick of zoning out of reality. ‘Kirsten, are you listening? We have to do something with the body – before morning.’
She rubbed her arms, shivering, but turned and nodded. Something stirred in my chest and I closed my eyes for a moment, trying to steady the thumping. Breathing hard, I counted to ten then opened them again. Kirsten was watching me intently, her face expectant.
‘Fire.’ I spat the word out as if it left a bad taste in my mouth. ‘We can’t risk ever being found out. We’ll have to use fire.’

At the bottom of the back garden I kept my feet spaced wide apart as I drizzled petrol from a small plastic container Mark kept in the shed for emergencies, onto the large pile of damp kindling and logs that Kirsten and I had collected. When the wood was drenched I held my breath against the strong smell and screwed the lid back on, cursing the earlier rain. Striking a match and praying that the wood would catch light, I dropped it onto the pile and took a large step backwards, gesturing for Kirsten to do the same.
The bonfire caught instantly with large blue flames streaking upwards. Tendrils of smoke rose from the heat, snaking through the air and into the dark night. Mesmerised by the flames, we stood together and watched in silence for a few minutes. A low whomp as a larger log caught light shook me out of my reverie and I linked arms with Kirsten, directing her back towards the house.
As we approached the garage I let go of her and stood eyeing the doorway with a growing trepidation. Despite my familiarity with the space I found myself jumping at every shadow as we walked in, acutely aware of the sounds around me, as if the events of the evening had turned me into a trained hunter. I could hear a faint rustle of leaves from the garden as the evening breeze passed over the shrubbery, the swishing of wings as a bird landed on the branches of a tree. 
And something else.
My heart lurched at the sound of an engine revving nearby, then the sweep of low headlights coming through the sides of the wide corrugated garage door. A car pulled onto our driveway, the low hum of the engine unfamiliar. I could tell it wasn’t Mark’s Passat. But then who was it? Holding up a hand to Kirsten signalling for her to remain where she was, I ventured slowly towards the garage door and peered out through the crack between the wall and the metal rim.
A police squad car was outside, only metres away from the garage. I let out a small whimper, pressing my forehead to the cold metal, trying to make the awful evening disappear. How on earth had they found out? And then with a cold, sinking feeling I realised that Louisa must have reported our spoilt clothing, recognising the stains as blood. But how could she?
Wishing I could rewind time to a few hours earlier so I could make different, more sensible choices, I rocked backwards then turned to Kirsten with a look of horror on my face.
‘It’s the police,’ I mouthed, my face crumpling.
‘Wha-t?’ she shrieked, far too loudly. I shook my hands at her, gritting my teeth and waving her away. Rushing forwards, I pushed her unceremoniously through the connecting door and back into the kitchen. 
‘Stay there,’ I hissed breathlessly before slamming the door on her.
Brushing down my clean dress, I drew a deep breath and pressed the remote on my key fob, opening the garage door. One of the officers, a young woman who looked too young to be doing such a harrowing job, was already standing on the doorstep about to ring the bell when I strolled out of the garage, feigning a breezy smile. ‘Can I help, officer?’
The police officer removed her helmet to reveal bright blonde hair pulled back into a neat chignon. Her eyes were a piercing blue and her cheekbones high, an attractive woman. She approached me with some hesitancy and something I interpreted as close to pity. They know, I thought, my face crestfallen. ‘I can explain, if you’ll just-...’
‘There’s no need.’ The officer held up a dainty pale hand. She looked distinctly uncomfortable. ‘What’s happened between you and Mark is absolutely none of my business. He asked if I could pick up the Matterhorn file, we need it urgently and he’s tied up on another job.’
‘I’m sorry?’ Was I not about to be arrested and dragged in for interview? This evening was turning out to be the most bizarre episode of my life.
‘Mark,’ she repeated, with a momentary look of confusion. ‘He asked me to drop by and pick up a file. I’m sorry it’s so late but he said you’d be okay about it. Did you not get his message? He said he’d called...’
‘Oh, yes of course. Sorry, I haven’t picked up my messages this evening,’ I rambled, slipping my door key into the lock and gesturing her through to the hall. Showing her into the office, I prayed that Kirsten had the good sense to stay out of the way. I watched from the doorway as the officer lifted a few files from the desk, flicking through them. Her slim curves were not disguised by the unflattering, standard issue police uniform she wore and I felt a moment’s agitation knowing that she probably spent more time with my husband at work than I ever did. Did he notice the femininity radiating from her as I had?
Standing on the driveway five minutes later, watching as the squad car indicated left and disappeared from the end of the road, I felt my knees trembling with relief. Kirsten came out of the house, her Ugg boots crunching on the gravel. She stood opposite, her eyes imploring me to give her the news. ‘It’s alright,’ I said, my voice flat with tiredness. ‘It was nothing to do with...’ I gestured towards the garage.
The low clouds had cleared and the moon stood high and dazzling, casting a bright light over Kirsten, picking out her silhouette like a spotlight, as if she were the star in her own macabre black comedy. She looked ready to collapse with relief but we still had rather a large problem to deal with this evening.
Taking her hand, I guided her to the garage, both of us taking small, reluctant shuffling steps. After securing the door, I switched on the interior light, a bare bulb in the rafters, and wheeled our Hover mower out of our path. Rummaging around the detritus of the space, I lifted a can of Castrol GTX and a rusting pair of shears, flinging them aside until I found what I was looking for – an old piece of carpet. The remnant was leftover from when we had had our living room redecorated and I found myself utterly grateful for Mark’s pedantry, hoarding nature. He never threw anything away.
Kirsten stood ramrod straight with her hands tucked into her armpits, elbows clamped tightly by her sides. ‘Come on, Kirsten,’ I called over to her, my voice strained with the effort of living the carpet. ‘Take the end of this, could you?’
Closing her eyes, she remained still, her teeth chattering.
‘Kirsten, for goodness sake, I can’t do this alone.’
‘Are we doing the right thing, do you think?’ she asked in a low whisper, not meeting my eyes.
I let out a long, low breath. ‘I think we’ve gone way past weighing up the morality of what’s happened this evening.’ Releasing the carpet, I closed the space between us. ‘We could have done things differently had we not removed the body from the car park. The second we put Pete in the boot we moved the goalposts. We can’t claim self-defence now so if we report it, you’ll definitely lose the children and so will I.’ I steadied my gaze. ‘Are you willing to risk that?’
Her eyes clouded over but her face set with a controlled expression. ‘No,’ she answered definitely, ‘we have no choice.’ She came forward, pulling her sleeves up and resolutely seizing the weight of one end of the remnant.
When we reached the back of the car we lowered the roll to the ground and she dropped her head, cowering. Aiming the key fob at the boot, I took a deep breath to steady myself, aware that Kirsten had taken a large step back, her boots coming into contact with an abandoned paint tray. The resulting clatter made us both jump and I cursed under my breath, trying to relieve the tension.
Tentatively I reached forward to release the boot, whispering under my breath, stay calm, ca-lm. It was jammed. I lifted the fob to check the light as I released the lock again. There was a small electronic beep but no click. The damn thing must be low on battery again, unless I hadn’t locked the car in the first place.
For some reason the thought paralysed me and I had to force myself to try the fob again. This time there was a loud click and the boot flew open easily, nearly catching my chin as it glided upwards.
Terror closed my throat so tightly that I made no sound, the scream sticking in my windpipe. Kirsten stumbled backwards as if hit by an invisible force. Her hands rose to her cheeks, her mouth dropped open and her eyes widened in horror, a simulacrum of Edvard Much’s Scream. The pupils in her dark eyes were enormous.
‘Where is he?’ She croaked, looking to me for an explanation, as if I had managed to slip out of the house, dig a six foot hole and bury a dead body in the back garden, carefully replanting the azaleas before anyone noticed.
‘How do I know?’ I screeched, still reeling with shock. How could I explain a corpse escaping from a locked boot and vanishing into thin air? Even Jonathan Creek would have struggled with this one. My thoughts tumbled over themselves and I dragged my hands down my face, trying to control the storm of panic rising in my gullet. ‘Are you sure you killed him?’ I could hardly comprehend my own question – I had seen the mangled mess of Pete’s body with my own eyes... yet, people had survived worse. I remembered watching a film about a mountaineer who had cut off his own arm after becoming trapped under a boulder in a canyon for days. He had survived it. And, thinking about it, there was a chance that in our panic, the injury had looked a lot worse than it actually was.
Kirsten’s mouth moved but no words came out. She remained fixed to the spot, staring into the boot as if Pete’s body would suddenly materialise out of the ether and shout, ‘SCARED YOU!!’
‘What I’m saying is,’ I hesitated as I stared at her, another thought suddenly occurring to me, ‘neither of us checked for a pulse.’ The words came out slowly, my eyes flicking across the jumble of abandoned boxes and paint pots piled up against the walls of the garage. If Pete was alive, it followed that there was a chance he was here, in this very room.
As if my thoughts simultaneously converged with hers, Kirsten spun on her heels and ran towards me, grabbing my arm tightly. Together we tore through the connecting door to the house. Reaching up, I secured the top bolt while Kirsten turned the key in the lock. Without speaking, we positioned ourselves either side of the free standing kitchen dresser and heaved it to a position in front of the door.
Panting, we sank down on our haunches and turned to face one another. I recognised the fear in her eyes as equalling my own and felt closer to her at that moment than I’d ever felt to anyone else, barring Mark.
We sat quietly together for several minutes and I pondered the likelihood that this evening we had made the most fatal mistake of our lives.

By the time I had showered, the moon was high over the tops of the houses opposite and the house was silent but for the ever present low hum of the hot water system. Out of the living room window I could see a bank of clouds creeping across the dark sky, forming the shape of a large claw and extending accusingly in my direction.
It felt odd to have Kirsten staying in the spare room upstairs but I had no choice but to offer for her to stay. She had jumped at the opportunity and I wasn’t surprised – the thought of her spending the night alone in that car park left me cold, especially with Pete on the loose in heavens knows what kind of state. Besides, I felt safer knowing there was another adult in the house, even if she was only seven stone and five feet nothing.
Sitting on the sofa, I tried to convince myself to go to bed.  I thought of the children, using them as the fulcrum I needed to persuade me to take care of myself. Running my fingers tiredly down my face I was about to climb the stairs when I spotted a shadow flicker across the coloured glass in the top of the front door.
My pulse quickened at the sound of a light tapping on the glass; Pete. Petrified, I clamped a hand over my mouth and shrank against the wall, sinking down onto the third stair. Mentally I scanned the house, trying to remember where I’d left my mobile phone. I now had no choice but to call the police and take the consequences, whatever Pete told them. From my knowledge of the law, inherited from Mark, I would be charged with assisting an offender and attempting to pervert the course of justice at the very least, and that was before they got started on Kirsten.
Pete would certainly be in no mood for forgiveness after what Kirsten and I had put him through, I knew that for sure. Breathlessly, I began to crawl silently up the stairs when the letterbox popped open. 
‘Narelle, I know you’re there.’
It was Chris.
I doubted that there had ever been a woman so relieved to hear the voice of her stalker.
Releasing the chain I whipped open the door and reached for his arm, dragging him into the hallway and slamming the door behind him. His eyes widened in surprised delight and he immediately wrapped me in an embrace, pushing me against the wall and trying to ram his tongue down my throat.
‘No,’ I hissed, trying to keep my voice low as I pushed him away with both hands thrust to his chest. ‘Get away from me.’
He threw his keys down on the telephone table and slipped his jacket off, draping it casually over the arm of the chair beside it. ‘OK, what’s wrong?’
Folding my arms, I leaned back and studied him for a moment. There was no doubt he was good looking, I’d known that much from the first moment I saw him. But there was a tilt to his jaw that was asymmetrical and his eyes, though a warm brown, had an unappealing slant that made him look shifty. Why had I never noticed it before?
‘How’s Ellie?’ My tone was full of sarcasm and his eyes narrowed with suspicion.
‘What? Why do you ask?’ There was a defensive tone to his voice as he walked past me into the kitchen. I couldn’t see the expression on his face but there was awkwardness in the angle of his shoulders. Following him, I watched as he swung open the fridge as if he owned it. Pulling out a beer, he yanked the ring pull off and dropped it casually on the worktop. ‘Well?’ he said, his gaze questioning.
I stopped a feet away from him, anger rising up inside me. ‘No morning sickness then?’
He remained silent for a few seconds, momentarily lost for words. ‘None to speak of,’ he retaliated, meeting my furious gaze with his cool brown eyes. ‘Why are you so concerned?’
‘Why am I concerned?’ my mouth hung open, fury taking me to boiling point. ‘Why am I concerned, you ask? Why did you lie to me, more to the point?’
‘I didn’t lie. I told you all about Ellie’s lifestyle. I haven’t seen you to tell you the news about the baby, but there’s nothing suspicious about it.’ He gulped a long swig of beer and I wondered whether he was buying time to maintain his composure.
I leaned my hip against the worktop and watched him from across the room, seething. ‘Do I look stupid to you?’
‘It’s not mine,’ Chris shrugged his shoulders in a gesture reminiscent of Kirsten. He raised his hands in the air as if to say I give up.
‘For God’s sake, Chris, what kind of idiot do you take me for?’ 
He set his can on top of the microwave and gave me an injured look. ‘You know what Ellie’s like. Any number of people could be responsible. Now let’s not blow this out of all proportion and stop being so jealous. It’s ugly.’
‘Jealous?’ I spat out. ‘You don’t get it do you? I’m not jealous. I don’t even want you. Why would I be jealous? I just want to be left alone.’
Chris looked down at me with his patient, ‘stop behaving like a spoilt child’ kind of look. He smiled boyishly and walked towards me, tweaking my nose and then leaning in to replace his finger with his lips.
‘You get angry when I mention her, you get mad when I don’t,’ he said, his voice coaxing and jovial. ‘There’s nothing for you to worry about, darling.’ He kissed the top of my head. ‘Ellie is nothing more than a house-mate to me now, that’s all, please believe me. I care deeply for you, you know that don’t you?’ 
His reaction struck me as genuine – I remembered Mark telling me that when criminals lied they embellished their stories with unnecessary details, the consequence of a guilty mind.
For a moment I was tempted to trust in him and ask for his help in dealing with the Pete situation. If I told him everything he might be willing to stay the night, just in case Pete turned up, or go out and conduct a quick search of the area to make sure he wasn’t lying in wait for us.
Buoyed by my apparent supplication, he began kissing the tops of my fingers gently, one by one. The action made my stomach flip with an uncomfortable feeling that had nothing to do with lust and I pulled them briskly away. 
I had to admit, I hadn’t considered the possibility that Chris was truthful in his insistence that they were estranged and slept in separate beds when I’d spoken to Ellie. She had seemed so genuinely pleased to reveal the news, like any other young, happily married expectant mum. Surely he was lying? But, whatever the case, it was irrelevant to me and I told him so.
‘Get out, Chris,’ I said wearily, knowing that the best way to get through was to clear up my own mess. Relying on anyone seemed to end in heartache.
Eyeing me with sudden hatred, he dropped my hands and pushed past me, into the hallway where he turned to look me directly in the eye. ‘This isn’t over until I say it is.’
Saying nothing, I regarded him with a calm aloofness and gestured towards the front door.
As I watched him leave, my eyes flicked to the tall bushes lining the perimeter of our driveway. I wondered whether Pete was somewhere on the other side, lurking in the shadows. I swallowed hard, reminding myself that there was a strong possibility that he’d managed to escape the confines of the car and even the garage but had fallen into a ditch somewhere close by, bleeding to death.
A tight ball clenched in the pit of my stomach with the hope that he had been fatally wounded. Shutting the front door and securing the chain, I acknowledged how immoral the thought was and felt ashamed of myself. I realised it was an ugly hope but I knew I probably shared the feeling with Kirsten, a girl well-versed in the art of self-preservation.

Chapter Thirty-Three
Kirsten

It was like, before seven when I woke up with a start, fully clothed and groggy from sleep. I wondered where I was, lying on a strange bed with yellow rays of sunlight slanting through the slats of the blinds at the window. It was a feeling I knew well from my childhood; waking up in a new place, not sure at first which faces would greet me as I wandered down unfamiliar stairs. It usually took me days to adjust to sleeping in different places but Narelle had been like, so nice to me. She had done so much to help me, even though I didn’t deserve nothing from her.
She had put me in their loft conversion. It was a cosy room with flowery wallpaper and white furniture, all matching. I lay still for a while, enjoying the like, soft cleanness of the bed. Slowly I remembered the events of last night and could hardly believe that I’d like, managed to sleep at all. I think it must have been down to being worn out by the shock and fear of what Pete might do next.
I was so sorry I had to drag Narelle into my mess. The atmosphere in the house weren’t strained no more whenever I visited and it was all going so well, not that I weren’t used to things being difficult at home. Whenever I went into a new placement as a kid I never knew what to say to the foster carers. Some of them were great, leaving me to get used to them before they said much. The carers with loads of experience would make sure that they kept the whole family busy for a few days, helping me to get to know them without the falseness of sitting around, all staring at each other and making polite conversation.
It weren’t like that usually though. Most times I knew my carer would make a call at some point during the week to come, whispering to my social worker in hushed tones, ‘we weren’t expecting this, you’ll have to come and get her as soon as you can.’ And then my social worker would come, dropping me to God knows where next, as if I was like, some kind of bizarre social experiment.  
I sat up, slumping against the wall and staring out of the window. I banged my fist into the black and white striped pillow by my side. So, nothing ever changed after all. At first it had felt so like, promising here, as if things might finally work out. But I was wrong. I had to go and mess it all up. Sitting with my face pressed against the window, I watched the sky flash white as a storm passed overhead and suddenly I remembered the visit from the bloke who came to the house the night before.
I held my breath when he knocked, thinking it might be Pete but when I peered through the blinds I saw it was him. When I remembered where I’d seen him before I couldn’t get my head round it – how he’d tracked me down to here, but then Narelle let him in and I knew it weren’t me he’d come to see. But how did a woman like her know a man like him? It didn’t make no sense. Nothing made no sense.
Now, wiping the steam away with my hand, I watched for the next flash of lightning and strained to see if I could hear if anyone was awake downstairs over the rumble of thunder. 
Last night I had left my shoes at the edge of the bed, climbing under the striped duvet fully clothed. I had planned to leave around midnight, when the house was quiet. Narelle had invited me to stay but only because she felt sorry for me and I wanted to leave her in peace. I remember resting back on the pillow and closing my eyes, intending to get some rest before making my way back to the car park. Instead I fell into a deep exhausted sleep.
Listening to the sound of rushing traffic below, I like, reluctantly dragged myself out of bed. I got dressed quickly and crept down the dark staircase to the first floor where Charlotte and Frankie slept. They both lay like, so peacefully, tucked around each other in a tight cuddle. I bent over to kiss them, overwhelmed. They stirred but didn’t wake and I couldn’t wait for them to wake up so I could like, talk to them.
‘Morning, Kirsten.’ Narelle hovered at the bottom of the stairs, like she was waiting for me. ‘Breakfast is on the table. Bethany and Adam are already tucking in.’
Taken aback by the normalness of her tone, I stood frozen on the top stair, looking down at her with a puzzled expression. 
‘Everything will be okay. Don’t look so scared.’
In the kitchen, Narelle was washing up when I went and stood beside her with the tea-towel in my hand. It was the only way I could think of getting to talk to her without her being able to look directly at my face. What I wanted to tell her was embarrassing. She looked at me with surprise as I picked up some dishes and started drying them; I don’t think she could believe I was suddenly domesticated. 
Whispering so that the kids couldn’t hear, I leaned towards her. ‘I see you had a visitor last night.’
She sucked in a lungful of air and stiffened, suddenly glancing sideways. I kept my head down. ‘Yes, my neighbour. Nothing to worry about.’ She sounded frosty.
‘He’s your neighbour!’ I said, laughing, relieved to know he wasn’t like, one of her relatives. ‘That’s alright then. I was worried he was your brother or something.’
Narelle didn’t laugh back. A dot of bright pink appeared on each of her cheeks and she stared at me, scowling. ‘Why, what’s so funny?’
I felt embarrassed then and dropped my head, picking up an already dry mug and rubbing it again. ‘He was a regular, that’s all.’
‘What?’ She snapped the word out, staring at me with an urgent look. 
‘You know,’ I whispered, ‘a regular, a punter. At the brothel. Pete’s.’
Her eyes went all wide. She looked pained, like what I said had stung her skin and I thought for a moment that she might like, throw up. I didn’t know what to say so I shrugged as if it was no big deal. Dropping the tea-towel, I walked away.
Soon after that Alfie woke up. Narelle went up to get him from his cot and as soon as she came into the living room she came over and laid him in my arms. She looked more relaxed now and smiled at me. I was so grateful for that and I had to drop my head to Alfie’s face to hide my sudden tears. She went to the kitchen to prepare his bottle and handed it straight to me without a word, leaving me to feed him alone.
He clenched one small fist beneath his chin and slipped the other one under the sleeve of my T-shirt, his chin bobbing up and down as he sucked. My heart filled with love for him then and I started to worry again, feeling suddenly sad.

Chapter Thirty-Four
Narelle

Moonlight flickered across the bedroom, reflecting mistily from the mirror on my dressing table and deepening the shadows lurking in the corners of my bedroom. It was deathly silent, interrupted only from regular, monotonous ticking from the bedside clock. Propping myself up on one elbow, I turned to check the time. It was two-thirty a.m. Alfie had fed at just after one and was now sleeping soundly in the cot beside my bed, out for the duration.
Tonight was the one night when I wouldn’t have minded being woken for frequent feeds, enough to block out the myriad disaster scenarios racing through my mind. Settling back onto my pillows, I tossed one way then the other, impossibly uncomfortable and wide awake. Rage was surging through my veins like battery acid and I longed for the morning to come and the opportunity to confront Chris with the knowledge that he had regularly slept with hookers.
How did he have the audacity to continue to pursue me? I wondered incredulously. Clearly everything he had ever told me about his relationship with Ellie was a lie. He was the one who was unfaithful, not her. It followed then that the baby she carried inside her belonged to him. Poor woman. She was probably clueless about all of it. What was it in women that made them put up with being treated so badly? I thought, remembering what Kirsten had suffered at the hands of her partner. And you treated Mark with respect I suppose, the nagging voice in my head intoned and guiltily I acknowledged my own betrayal, albeit a brief one and with a heavy heart.
Visions of Pete swam in and out of focus in my sub-conscious, although sometimes his face was replaced with that of Chris. Alternately they sneer their superior smiles, goading me. Fear twisted my insides with the thought that Pete was lurking somewhere in the darkness, waiting for the right moment to snatch his revenge.
Finally, after what felt like an interminable age, sunlight crept into the room and I rose instantly, feeling utterly exhausted.
The next couple of hours passed interminably as I paced in front of the living room window, watching for Ellie’s car to pull away so that I could confront Chris. He was lucky I had decided to wait for her to be out of the way before I went over there. Part of me wanted to take Kirsten and introduce her to the couple, watching Chris’s face for recognition to set in. But Ellie was pregnant and clearly didn’t deserve any of this. 
I had puzzled over her recent proud announcement that they were expecting another baby. She had seemed so genuinely thrilled. No wonder, since none of it was an act. She was an ordinary woman in love with her husband and looking forward to expanding her family. Did Chris feel no guilt for portraying her as an unfit mother with a perchance for threesomes, all to improve his own chances of playing away?
Two hours later I got my chance. Bethany and Adam had been invited to spend two days on site at their forest school, on a camping trip. It was a yearly adventure arranged by the teachers and the children couldn’t wait to go. After I had dropped them off and extracted myself from the school coffee shop, I parked my car a short distance away from the house and let Charlotte and Frankie out to play on the driveway. Knocking on the door, I asked Kirsten to sit on the front step and watch the children play while I ran a quick errand.
She eyed me with a puzzled expression but nodded, taking a sleeping Alfie from me and settling down to watch the toddlers. I got their scooters from the car and crossed our driveway, hammering on Chris’s door.
‘Narelle.’ Chris looked taken aback to see me but stood aside and allowed me to walk past him, into their living room. He approached me warily and reached out, ready to pull me towards him. I backed away, my eyes raging with a calm fury.
‘What is it now?’ he asked with slight superiority. ‘Are you still feeling insecure over Ellie?’
I could have launched myself at him but instead I spoke calmly. ‘’Come to the window a moment would you?’ I asked. ‘I’d like you to tell me if you recognise her...’
Pulling back the curtains, Chris leaned forward and stared across the road at my house. I wondered whether he would be able to place Kirsten without her make-up on but a sharp intake of breath told me that it wouldn’t take any further explanation. He looked at me sheepishly, his complexion pale.
‘Don’t you ever,’ I shook my index finger at him, ‘ever come near me or my house again.’

As I walked across the road minutes later, I felt lighter than I had in weeks, as if a great weight had been lifted from my shoulders. That was until I noticed Mark’s Passat parked a short distance along the road, near my own car. The driveway was now clear; Mark had obviously let Kirsten and the children back inside. I felt my breath becoming short as I neared the house and prayed that he wasn’t looking out of the window. I had no idea whether Mark knew what had happened between Chris and me but if he did, the last thing I needed was for him to think there was still something between us.
I knew that Kirsten wouldn’t have told him where I was – she tended to become mute in his presence, possibly a reaction to his occupation rather than anything else.
As I reached into the pocket of my jeans for my key there was a rattle and the front door opened. Mark walked straight out and stepped onto the drive, car keys already in his hand. He didn’t look surprised to see me and I could tell by the fire in his eyes that he knew exactly where I had been.
‘Mark.’ My chest quivered as I spoke, straining with the effort of trying to control my breathing. ‘I didn’t know you were coming over. Will you stay for a coffee?’
He looked at the ground. ‘No, I haven’t got time.’ There was a chill to his tone. ‘I came to pick some things up.’
‘Oh,’ I said, unable to keep the disappointment from my voice, knowing it to be a lie. If he had planned to collect more of his possessions he would have brought a suitcase or rucksack with him. His pedantry nature would not allow him to stuff his pristine clothes into a carrier bag, like the one he held at his side.
‘Mark,’ I said, staring at the top of his head. He wouldn’t meet my eyes. In a way I was relived, feeling excruciatingly embarrassed in front of my own husband. ‘We need to talk. Really talk. There are some things we need to straighten out.’ This could not go on. I would have to tell him the full story and hope he felt enough love for me to forgive.
There was a slight pause before he answered. ‘Not now, Narelle.’ He began to walk away.
‘When then?’ I called to his back, my voice raised to a high pitch.
‘I’ll call you.’ He didn’t turn around as he answered, his words muffled by the crunch of his shoes on the gravel.
I stood for several minutes on the door step, replaying our conversation and trying to get a sense of why he had turned up unannounced. I couldn’t shake the feeling that everything might have worked out if only he hadn’t seen me coming out of Chris’s house.
Shaking my head, I resisted the strong urge to kick myself. Why did he have to turn up then, of all times? It was as if the cosmos was conspiring against me. Maybe a reunion was simply not meant to be. It could be that I had lost any right to it, after the way I’d behaved.

Chapter Thirty-Five
Narelle

The next day, a bright summer sun lowered itself behind the Victorian towers of the Natural History Museum, casting long shadows across the pavements as we made our way through the crowds. Frankie gasped in wonder when he caught sight of the giant dinosaur skeleton filling the cavernous inner hall and his enthusiasm momentarily banished the heaviness in my heart. He let go of Adam’s hand and ran ahead to absorb the full splendour of the life size model.
‘Can we run ahead?’ Charlotte asked.  Excitement had coloured her cheeks and her eyes were shining brightly. She looked beautiful.
‘Yes, go on,’ I laughed, ‘we’ll join you in a minute.’
Kirsten and I walked side by side behind the children, Alfie gazing around the large space from his position strapped to Kirsten’s chest. Charlotte soared past us, spinning past Bethany, Adam and her brother to stare up in wonder at the huge beast.
Kirsten laughed. ‘She looks so happy.’
‘I think she is,’ I nodded, smiling, ‘she loves spending time with you.’ 
We fell for a moment silent.  Kirsten spoke a few minutes later as we walked around the museum, following the four children as they ran from each exhibit, staring in awe. ‘Mark asked where you were yesterday,’ she said, not meeting my eyes.
‘Did you say anything?’ I asked, hoping to sound casual.
She shook her head. ‘I just shrugged.’
I hesitated before bellowing with laughter. Kirsten appreciated the humour, laughing along with me. She was certainly becoming more self-aware and I had even noticed a change in her speech patterns over the past few days. She seemed to be enunciating more clearly, each sentence peppered with fewer grunts. We chuckled ruefully, both of us recognising the irony.
After a thorough investigation of the entire museum we decided to move on. Negotiating the escalators at South Kensington underground station was something of a challenge with five children, nappy bag, buggy and picnic basket but we managed it somehow. Once inside the tube train I relaxed a little despite the cloying heat and distinct absence of sufficient deodorant, particularly from a tall, suited fellow with longish, straggly hair and sparse beard.
‘Urgh, that man stinks, Narelle,’ Frankie chirruped in loud tones. Kirsten guffawed loudly, and both she and Frankie stared at the young chap who reddened considerably.
I bestowed one of my sour looks at both of them and they turned away looking mildly ashamed. At least they now appreciated when their behaviour was inappropriate. We were making baby steps in the right direction.
We filed off the train at Baker Street and I left Kirsten in Regent’s Park with Charlotte and Frankie, feeding the ducks. With Alfie in a baby carrier strapped to my chest, I walked my two off to the Sherlock Holmes museum, a few doors away from the real 221B.
Alfie stared in wonder at the wax work models of Victorian murderers, kicking his legs in savage appreciation. A Japanese tourist did us the honour of taking our photo on the famous doorstep, with a traditionally dressed bobby standing behind us.
After a tour of the gift shop we weaved our way through the traffic, holding our breaths against the exhaust fumes to avoid asphyxiation, and arrived back at Regent’s Park around one p.m. Alfie nodded off as we looped our way around the lake, his head flopping against my chest as we walked.
I could see Kirsten in the distance, crouching down between Frankie and Charlotte who were enthusiastically tossing bits of stale bread to the moorhens and drab brown female ducks who gathered around them. We wended our way across the bridge to join them, the toddler’s faces lighting up to see their older playmates had returned. 
I looked out across the still water. It was a beautiful summer’s day, the park alive with a breathtaking array of colour from Pansies, Marigolds and Orchids. It seemed a world away from all the turmoil going on in our lives. I was surprised to acknowledge that I had hardly given the Pete situation a second thought all day. 
I looked to Kirsten, wondering whether she felt similarly light-hearted. One glance at her expression told me that all was not well. ‘What is it?’ I asked under my breath, not wanting to upset any of the children.
‘Telmo called,’ she said in an aggressive tone. ‘The final hearing date has been set.’
My heart went in my mouth. ‘Well, in a way that’s a good thing,’ I said encouragingly. ‘We can get it over with and put it behind us.’
‘But I’ll lose them,’ she said with a finality in her voice.
I decided against disagreeing with her. I could tell she was in a mood to turn one comment into an argument. A loud crack of thunder curtailed any further conversation. It began to pour with rain so we packed up our things and ran for the station.
Hours later, once we were home and the children were in bed, Kirsten was still surly and uncommunicative. Outside the rain had started again, tap tapping against the windows and deepening my sense of unease.

Chapter Thirty-Six
Narelle

By the next morning the rain had cleared leaving a clear, bright blue sky in its wake. The freshness of the day invigorated me, though I felt very tired. Although it was weeks away, I had had trouble sleeping with the final hearing date playing on my mind. While it was incomprehensible to think that Kirsten might lose her children, it remained a real possibility and I decided to take the children for a walk to clear my anxious thoughts.
The boys rode ahead on their scooters, Frankie turning frequently to look up at Adam, his chest puffed out with pride at being included in such a grown-up activity. Bethany walked beside me, her arm linked through mine and Charlotte walked next to Bethany, happy to hold the hand of her big foster sister.
The rain had cleared the fug from the air and everything felt sharper, the trees outlined against the clear sky. At the park Bethany and I strolled past the newly dug over flowerbeds as Adam, Charlotte and Frankie raced ahead towards the swings and slide. We stopped beside the black wrought iron railings surrounding the children’s playground, standing under a tree with its branches trailing low, almost reaching our heads. A single bird called out as it fluttered over our heads. 
‘I don’t ever want them to go,’ Bethany said, out of the blue. I watched her face. She looked choked. 
‘I know,’ I told her, patting her hand that was draped over one of the arches of the railing. ‘I’m not sure I do either. But we’ll stay in touch. Always, hopefully. Whatever happens.’
‘Can’t we keep them?’ she asked hopefully. ‘We could ask Kirsten if she’d let us.’
I smiled, kissing the top of her head. ‘I’m not sure it’s up to Kirsten any more, darling.’
We watched as two children fought one another over a seat on the see-saw.  A young woman tossed her cigarette over her shoulder and stomped towards them, bare midriff wobbling with each step. Grabbing them by the scruff of their T-shirts, she pulled them apart. ‘For fuck’s sake,’ she screeched, letting them go and relighting a fresh cigarette. Bethany laughed as the pair raced off towards the slide where Frankie and Charlotte were playing, overseen by a watchful Adam. 
‘Remind you of anyone?’ Bethany asked and we both laughed riotously.
‘Kirsten is improving slowly though,’ I said, ‘she’s even shrugging and grunting less these days.’
On the way home a sudden sweep of headlights crossed in front of us as we were about to cross into our road.  Blue lights flashed silently as three police squad cars raced past us. Grabbing the children, we crossed cautiously, watching out for the sudden appearance of other emergency vehicles.
‘What’s going on, Mum?’ Adam asked, a flash of excitement in his eyes, ‘it looks like they’re stopping outside our house!’
My heart began to quicken as I realised he was right. The cavalcade had drawn to a halt on the other side of the road, directly opposite our driveway. ‘Come here,’ I hissed to Frankie who was trying to run ahead, my feet frozen to the spot. All I could think of was that Pete’s body had been found and I was about to be arrested for murder. What on earth would happen to the children? I thought, with a growing horror. And how would Mark ever live with the shame?
The children all watched me anxiously, wondering why I wasn’t sharing their excitement at the apparent siege unfolding on our doorstep. Slowly we walked nearer home as I resigned myself to the inevitability of arrest. I could hardly make a run for it with four children and a toddler in tow and reaching my car without alerting the myriad of police who were now leaping out of their vehicles seemed a highly unlikely possibility.
It was then it dawned on me that all was not what it seemed. At the same moment I realised that my husband was somehow involved. Surrounded by a sea of blue uniforms, Mark moved towards Chris’s house and banged his fist on the door, yelling POLICE! I caught a glimpse of someone at the upstairs window but they turned away, disappearing into the shadows of the room. Mark took a step back, looking sharply upwards. The movement was not lost on him.
Bethany stared at me in wide eyed surprise. ‘What’s Daddy doing?’ she demanded. ‘Why is he knocking on Chris’s door?’
‘I don’t know, darling, but it’s nothing to do with us.’ My voice was croaky and I was unsure as to whether I was relieved or not. It seemed that Kirsten and I had not been discovered – yet, but why on earth was Mark using a battering ram to enter Chris property and, I wondered with a rising nausea, did it have anything to do with me?

That night I dragged myself up the stairs feeling utterly exhausted. Unsure as to how I had got myself through the rest of the day I crept into my room, striped my clothes off and dropped them to the floor, too tired even to pick them up and lay them over the back of the chair.
I had heard nothing from Mark and still had no idea why Chris had been raided. We had crept into our house and watched events unfolding from the safety of our living room window. Officers had spent several hours entering and leaving his property, some loaded with armfuls of cardboard boxes and evidence bags which they had piled up into the back of several squad cars. There was no sign of Chris, but we caught a number of glimpses of Mark who stood on the driveway, overseeing the operation with a grim, determined expression.
Climbing into bed, I stifled a sigh but the noise came out as a loud groan and I cringed, hoping not to wake Alfie. What I needed was six hours clear sleep before he woke for his next bottle. Turning to my side, I settled into the pillow and listened, trying to focus on Alfie’s breathing to calm my thoughts.
I couldn’t hear anything. I stretched my neck and peered into his cot, watching for some movement in the blanket that was folded beneath his chin. Perfect stillness. Sucking my finger, I reached out and placed it under Alfie’s nose, waiting to feel a whisper of warm air.  
Beginning to feel uneasy, I swung my legs out of the bed and rested them on the rug, standing and leaning over the cot. There was no sound or movement, nothing.
‘Alfie,’ I whispered, poking him in the chest.
His lip wobbled in the darkness. ‘Waahhhh!’
Why? Why did I have to do that?
Half an hour and one bottle later, I climbed back into bed, bone tired but wide awake. After what felt like an interminably long time my eyelids began to grow heavy and then the phone rang, jerking me awake.
It was Mark.
‘Can I come over?’
Dropping the cordless receiver down onto the bedside table I walked hurriedly to the bathroom and pulled a brush through my hair. Leaning in closer to the mirror, I patted my cheeks to encourage some colour into them and ran a mascara wand over my eyelashes, wondering what Mark could want at this time of night. Was it possible that he missed me so much he couldn’t wait until morning to tell me? I mused, checking my appearance one last time. Or was his visit to do with Chris?
Flicking the kettle on minutes later, I trembled as I placed two cups side by side on the kitchen worktop. I wouldn’t be able to sleep tonight anyway so one more cup of tea wouldn’t make the slightest difference now. Reaching for the sugar, I heard his car pull up onto the driveway and my heart leaped into my throat. I waited for the familiar sound of the key in the lock but instead, the door bell chimed. My heart sank as the intended message struck home; he was officially a visitor and had no intention of coming back home. Well, if he wanted it that way, I thought, setting my chin in a hard line, I would make sure he felt like it. Walking briskly through the hall, I determined not to cry.
‘Hello,’ I said, pulling the door open and stepping aside to let him in.
‘Hi,’ he answered uncomfortably, hesitating for a moment before surprising me by pecking me on the cheek, ‘how are you?’
Staring awkwardly at each other, I answered him in a spiritless tone, ‘good thanks,’ before turning and walking back through the hall.
Mark closed the door gently behind him and followed me into the kitchen. ‘I saw you arriving home yesterday. I expect you wondered what was going on across the road...’
I nodded, busying myself with the drinks, not wanting to confront him now Chris had been brought up. My heart beat a little faster.
‘I’m sorry I couldn’t tell you about it before. Chris Noble has been the subject of a vice investigation.’
I fought to keep my stance steady, aware of a strong pulse in my eyelid. It was difficult to believe Chris would be involved in something so stomach churning, but worse was the thought that Mark might think I had anything to do with it. I was angry that he hadn’t told me anything of this before now. Why did he have to be so secretive about his work? If he’d told me before, I would never have got involved with Chris in the first place. And I had only responded to his interest because Mark had been so bloody cold for so long.
‘You look tired.’ I turned to confront him as he stood in the middle of the room, guessing that he had found himself someone he preferred to be with, probably at least ten years younger than me. ‘Would you like a coffee?’
‘Yes please, I am tired. Shattered actually.’
‘Oh dear, poor you, difficult to keep up with her is it?’ my aunt’s voice sneered in my head, but I merely muffled a snigger, placing a steaming cup of coffee on the table next to him.
‘I can’t believe it’s come to this,’ he spoke quietly, staring into the garden, as if talking to himself, ‘I never thought we’d ever grow apart.’ He turned slowly towards me and I noticed his eyes shining, lines of worry etched into his face.
‘Well, neither did I, but then I haven’t had much choice in the matter…’ my voice trailed away. In earlier years I would have thrown myself at him and poured out all my troubles, but now it felt awkward, inappropriate somehow.
Mark looked at me questioningly, ‘You think this is what I want?’
There was a look in his eyes. I stared, trying to decipher it. He looked a little hurt but there was something else – jealousy, I was sure of it. Did he know all about Chris after all? It was so difficult to tell, but if I brought it up now and he didn’t know, well, it would ruin any chance we had of reconciliation. Clearly, despite all my bravado, that was what I was hoping for, more than anything. I decided not to answer.
We stood in silence, each weighing up the options. He spoke first.
‘Where were you when I last called around the other day?’
There it was. The challenge. He was offering me the chance to confess.
‘Never mind where I was,’ my aunt forced the words out of my mouth before I could stop her. Typical of her to prefer attack over defence. ‘Where have you been?’ I shook my head momentarily, wondering whether it was the wisest tactic to play but part of me was enjoying the jealous husband scenario. I had his attention for the first time in a number of months and it felt good.
Never usually a game-player, the opportunity had landed in my lap and it seemed a shame to waste it.
‘With a friend,’ he answered simply, ‘someone from work.’
‘The blonde one you sent round here?’ I asked, my voice cold and flat, a murderous look in my eyes. It was impossible to remain cool and aloof as my aunt would have intended.
‘No, not her.’ Mark’s face hardened, almost imperceptibly, but I noticed.  ‘She’s married,’ he qualified, his eyes boring into mine and I reddened at his tone. ‘Kevin put me up. He’s been very good.’
‘I’m sorry,’ I answered, forcing a distracted tone now, as if the matter were superfluous. ‘I’m not thinking all that clearly. I’m trying to adjust to being a single mum,’ I ended with a sound somewhere between a laugh and a sob, my expression bereft.
Mark sat down at the table and I took the seat opposite, in silence for a moment. I wondered why he had come.
‘I feel terrible,’ he said at last, ‘absolutely terrible.’
I said nothing, hunching my shoulders up in a shrug. I had probably spent too much time with Kirsten but the gesture spelled out the way I felt and anyway, I was in no mood to comfort him.
‘I should never have left. I should have been here to support you. What happened with... well, what happened was all my fault.’
‘No,’ I answered. ‘It was both of us.’ I buried my head in my hands. ‘I’ve been so stupid, Mark.’
Mark looked at me in surprise, as if it were news to him that I might regret what had gone on. Or perhaps he was shocked at how easily I spoke the words, how accepting I was of being alone.
My head pivoted towards the garden and I stared in silence, sipping my coffee, all the while acutely aware of Mark’s eyes searching my face.
After a few moments I turned back to meet his gaze, and smiled. ‘It’s alright you know, Mark, I’m alright. If guilt is what this is about. I don’t blame you for leaving.’
‘You should.’ Mark stood abruptly, making a grab for his empty coffee cup. ‘You should blame me. What must I have put you through, on your own with all those children?’ He headed for the sink, rinsing the coffee out and answering his own rhetorical question with his back to me. ‘I’ve been a complete arse, a complete, stupid, selfish arse.’
I remained seated, saying nothing, although my aunt was going hell for leather inside my head.
Mark laughed bitterly, ‘I’m afraid I’ve let stress of the job get to me and now I’ve lost everything I ever wanted.’
I stared at his back, his shoulders arched stiffly, and hardly dared to analyse the words he spoke. I wanted to know for sure what he meant, but the courage to ask outright failed me. If ever there was a time to play the feminine, manipulative card it was now. 
‘I’ll file for a divorce,’ I spoke finally, my voice even and definite. ‘You won’t have to worry about money. I’ll accept whatever settlement you think is fair.’
He dropped his cup abruptly into the sink and turned sharply to face me. ‘Divorce?!’ he spoke quickly, ‘are you serious?’
‘Of course,’ I answered, praying he wouldn’t accept it.
There was a slight pause before he spoke. ‘Please don’t, Narelle. Don’t do that.’
‘Why not?’ I asked, staring up at him, my stomach performing somersaults.
He walked over and pulled me to my feet, holding my chin softly, turning my face up towards him. ‘Because I love you more than anything in the world,’ he answered simply, ‘and I should never have left us vulnerable. I realise what I’ve put you through over the last couple of years and I’m so sorry. I have everything I want right here in front of me.’
I continued to stare at my husband, all the while listening to my aunt’s voice whispering in my ear. ‘Well, you should have thought of that before you packed your suitcases and…’ before I cut her off in mid-sentence. ‘I didn’t invite you to this reunion, Sarah,’ I thought, banishing her acid comments from my mind and directing my full attention towards my husband. 
Leaning forward, I pulled him towards me, kissing him fully on the lips. As we pulled apart he smiled, watching as a steady stream of joyous tears ran down my face.

The house was eerily silent as I waited in the living room for Mark to return. It wouldn’t take him long to get to Kevin’s place to collect his things but I felt tense anyway, hoping that nothing would happen between here and there to change his mind. The thought that Bethany and Adam could wake up in the morning with their dad under the same roof filled me with a warm feeling of security and I didn’t want anything to change it.
A loud series of raps on the front door shook me from my thoughts.
‘You’re allowed to use your key now, for heaven’s sake,’ I called out, laughing under my breath as I pulled the front door open.
Within seconds Pete had his hands around my neck, my back up against the wall. He wasn’t squeezing tightly but the shock had shortened my breath and I gasped for air, my eyes wide in shock as I took in his frightening appearance. One of his eyes was closed and hugely swollen, surrounded by blackened bruises and red sores. From the sourness of his breath I guessed that he hadn’t been able to wash, wherever he’d been staying.
‘Where is she?’ He demanded, releasing his grip on my throat but staying in the same position, his face two inches from my own.
‘Kirsten? I have no idea where she is,’ I answered, praying she stayed upstairs out of the way and didn’t come down to investigate the noise. My hand held onto my neck, trying to eliminate the sensation of his rough fingers on my skin. 
‘Liar,’ he spat, strolling through the hall to the living room and settling himself down in Mark’s armchair. ‘I’m not moving from here until you get her for me. And get them kids up and dressed too. They’re coming with me.’
‘I can’t do that,’ I said, my anger rising. If he thought he was taking the children anywhere he could think again. My eyes flickered across the room, trying to remember where I’d left the telephone. And then I spotted it, on the worktop in the kitchen. His eyes followed mine and he bellowed loudly.
‘Thinking of calling the cops, is that what’s running through your pretty little head, darling? Go ahead, call ‘em. I got quite a story to tell ‘em myself, haven’t I, slag?
The jangle of a key in the front door lock surprised both of us and we both turned in unison as Mark strolled into the room, a large suitcase in his right hand.
Mark’s expression was non-plussed as he gently set the case on the carpet. I wondered if this was the demeanour he used when carrying out early morning warrants on unsuspecting villains. ‘Please get out of my house,’ he said curtly, in a tone that could have been used to discuss the weather for this time of year. 
‘I’ve come to take back what’s mine.’ Pete spoke with a sneer, his expression full of arrogance. ‘Your lovely wife here is going to get Kirsten and my kids and then we’ll be off.’
I could hear sound of my heart beating in my ears as I glimpsed Mark flexing his fingers and clenching them into a tight ball, the first outward sign that he was losing his cool.
‘I said get out.’ Mark said quietly, his mouth set in a line as straight as the blade of a knife.
Pete chuckled loudly. ‘Don’t get all arsey with me, mate. I’ll go when I’m ready and I ain’t leaving without that little cunt and the kids.’
Mark crossed the room in a flash. Reaching down, he grabbed Pete by the neckline of his T-shirt, pulling him up out of his chair, releasing his grip suddenly and leaving Pete standing a foot away from him. His smile rapidly disappeared. ‘Get out of my house and don’t ever come near my family again.’ Mark spoke menacingly into Pete’s face, his tone a chilling whisper. He was trying not to wake the children, I realised, amazed at his thoughtfulness in the throes of such chaos.
‘Fuck off outta my face,’ Pete screamed back, one eye bulging hideously, his face contorted with rage. His yellowed teeth were on full display.
Without warning Mark punched him square in the jaw, sending him reeling to the floor. The crunch of bone in his cheek was audible and I felt my stomach flip with revulsion.
Pete floundered, trying to get up but Mark pinned him down with a vice-like grip. 
‘You nasty bastard,’ Mark spoke in a low tone, calm and controlled. ‘That girl could have made a go of her life if it wasn’t for you. Now, if you can walk when I’ve finished with you, get out and go and fuck up someone else’s life. You’re not wanted around here, got it? You’ve fucked with the wrong crowd this time mate.’
Pete’s bravado evaporated. He looked up at Mark with a pleading expression, his face cut and bleeding profusely.
‘And if you breathe a word of this to anyone I’ll come after you and make sure you’re never in a position to drain the taxpayer again...’
Pete’s breath came in ragged gasps.
Cringing, my first instinct was to run over and form a shield between them in some way but then I thought of all the abuse Kirsten had suffered at the hands of Pete. Her association with this man was the very reason the children were in care in the first place. He had been badly injured during his attack on Kirsten but that had resulted from her attempt at self defence. Now, for the first time in his life, Pete knew what it felt like to be on the receiving end.
Mark stood, ready to lay into Pete with a kick. ‘Mark,’ I hissed, grabbing his arm, ‘no more, Mark, please.’
Mark turned, his eyes clouded over. He seemed to come to suddenly and his shoulders sagged. He knew enough was enough.
Pete propped himself up on one elbow, staring up at Mark with a look of pure hatred.

Chapter Thirty-Seven
Kirsten

‘Miss Taylor, as you know, we’re here to try and reach a final decision on the legal guardianship of Charlotte, Frankie and Alfie Taylor. You do understand that, don’t you?
The judge was a thin man with a long face and wide, dark circles under his eyes. He looked tired but his eyes shone as if there was some kindness behind them. I nodded, trying to be as polite as I could, like Narelle had told me to but I didn’t understand none of it.
‘Good. Merton Social Services are contesting your request to have the children restored into your care. What I have to do is examine the evidence they have provided and take into account your own assertions of your ability to parent. During the course of the morning I will take into consideration the opinion of the court guardian but ultimately, I have to make a decision based on the best interests-...’
His voice was drowned out by a loud buzzing noise in my ears that wouldn’t go away, even when I like, clamped my hands down over them. I couldn’t hardly believe the final hearing date had finally arrived and now it was here I weren’t sure I could stay upright for much longer. My bones felt like they were made of like, jelly or something? There was a strange feeling in my head, like it was filled to the brim with pressure.
My eyes drifted around the room as I tried to take my mind off all that was going on. It was a large space with eight lights hanging from the high ceiling, all dotted at regular intervals. The walls were cream-coloured with like, wooden panels surrounding the lower half. It smelt musty, like a library filled with old books. We sat at an oval table which stretched across almost the whole width of the room. The judge sat opposite me with two women either side of him. Both had laptops open in front of them.
Narelle sat beside me, holding my hand. I could feel her trembling but otherwise she seemed like, totally calm. Telmo sat at the end of the long table, with other social workers between him and us. He looked in our direction but didn’t meet my eyes. His face was grave and my heart began to thump so fast I felt like, really sick.
The judge smiled in my direction and I stared at him, trying to guess what was going on in that bald head of his. He weren’t giving nothing away. Crossing my legs, I dug my fingernails into my palms, trying to make the rest of me still so I looked like a normal, calm person, totally in control. Like Narelle. She smiled at me and gave my arm a reassuring pat. Maybe everything would be okay. And I knew that with Narelle helping me I’d be able to like, look after the kids well, make it up to them. Give them a good life, not like the childhood I’d had.
But what if he weren’t going to give me that chance? Twisting to Narelle, I whispered, ‘I can’t stand this. I really can’t.’
She leaned her shoulder into mine, trying to reassure me. ‘Stay strong. It’ll all be over soon. Breathe, okay,’
Instead of making me feel better, filling me with hope like she usually did, her words made my heart sink. She smiled at me and squeezed my hand but her tone weren’t like, upbeat. She could smell defeat and so could I.
‘They’re my babies, for Christ sake,’ I said loudly and the toff woman in a grey suit turned and frowned at me. ‘I can’t lose them now, I can’t.’ 
Tears ran down my face even though I held my breath to try and stop them. I badly needed to look like a woman in control of herself, not a jabbering wreck. But the more I tried to stop the more my throat ached and I had to like, breathe out and let it go. Their wetness tricked off the end of my nose and down my chin. I didn’t wipe them away - I kept my face totally still, trying to look composed.
A tissue appeared in front of me. Narelle held it out, whispering, ‘My God, Kirsten, I’m so sorry you have to go through this.’ The woman in a smart black jacket sitting next to the judge caught my eye and nodded, giving me a kind smile. That must be a good sign, I thought. If she knows I’m not a bad person, the judge must think the same.
Narelle stayed silent, biting her lip. My hands began to shake and my palms went clammy, my bladder feeling so full it was ready to burst. In the whole of my life I hadn’t never felt so scared. As Narelle’s hand squeezed and released mine, all I could think of was the judge talking, only I didn’t hear his words, just the sound of blood pounding in my ears.  
It helped to know how much Narelle loved the kids. I knew she was aching almost as much as I was. Thank God for you, I thought, giving her hand a quick squeeze back. 
I opened my mouth to tell the judge I didn’t understand none of it but the words didn’t come. Mentally I was trying to brace myself. 
‘Ladies, I wonder if you would mind waiting outside for a moment?’
Narelle’s face grew ashen, her eyebrows knotted into a frown. Cold ran down my back like ice-water from a jug. Raising my hands, I flattened them against my ears, pressing urgent fingers into them, as if blocking his voice out would like, obliterate the reason we were here.  
The judge lowered his head and peered at us over the top of his glasses. ‘There are a few points of law I would like to clarify before I come to a decision.’

Chapter Thirty-Eight
Narelle

My muscles ached from the constant flow of adrenaline racing through them but somehow I managed to remain calm. Aware of the monumental stress Kirsten must be under, I think my own anxiety over the imminent decision paled into insignificance.
Responding to the judge’s request, I stood up and left the room, standing outside in the corridor fully composed, simply waiting. Kirsten, on the other hand, poor girl, was slowly fragmenting. She rose woodenly, her skin grey. Walking outside, she slumped against the wall of the corridor opposite me and buried her face in her hands, shivering all over. Heaven only knew how she felt.
Her eyes remained fixed on the door to the court, her only movement a gentle rocking, forwards and back, forwards and back. Moving beside her, I knelt down and slipped my arm around her shoulders.
‘What do you think?’ she asked, her voice muffled by her fingers.
‘It’s difficult to predict,’ I answered honestly. ‘I think they have a great deal of sympathy for your situation though.’
She shrugged me away impatiently and stood up. ‘I’m going outside for a fag.’
Remaining crouched on the floor, I leaned against the wall and pulled my mobile out of my handbag. There were three texts all requesting updates, from Mark, my aunt, and Bethany, bless her. I answered them all – Decision still pending. Keeping my fingers crossed for her x
Minutes passed but it felt like an age that I sat there before Kirsten reappeared through the court entrance. She eyed me keenly but I simply shook my head.
She grimaced and began pacing to and fro, muttering under her breath. Every now and again she shook her head and clamped large handfuls of hair between her fingers, pulling hard. It looked painful but I guessed the action was more tolerable to bear than the agonies going on inside her.
It was strange, but seeing her in such a state calmed me. The more agitated she grew, the more controlled I became. When the door of the court room finally opened and Telmo crossed the corridor to speak to us, his expression ominous, I stood beside Kirsten, ready to support her. She began speaking to me but it sounded like gibberish, muffled by her sleeve as she held her wrist across her mouth.
When Telmo reached her she clutched hold of the sleeves of his shirt. ‘What’s happening? What did they say?’  
‘We have to go back in. The judge is ready to give his decision.’
Kirsten began to weep as the court usher guided us back in, holding onto my arm like a blind woman. Inside the room, rows of chairs faced a long table stretched across the centre of the space. I walked to the front row and Kirsten shuffled alongside looking every bit like a little lost girl in the playground on her first day at school.
On the opposite side of the table, either side of the judge, sat two women, both clerks to the court. As Telmo and the other assortment of professionals took their seats I took the opportunity to study them, trying to gauge the result from their demeanour. 
One of the women was in her mid-fifties, with greying dark hair swept up into a chignon. Dressed in a tailored, herring-bone suit and crisp white blouse with over-large bow at the neck, she reminded me of a wealthy Maggie Thatcher. Her dark grey eyes seemed to emanate a general wariness and I could draw no clues from them.
The other was plump, in her early thirties I would have guessed, with a masculine face and long poker-straight auburn hair. She looked troubled, ill-at-ease as she met my gaze, an appraising look in her bright blue eyes.
An eagerness to discover the decision clawed at my stomach. There was a rhythmic low thudding sound as Kirsten’s leg jiggled nervously next to me. After what felt like an age, while the assembled group shuffled papers and cleared their throats, the judge began to address Kirsten, his tone serious and downcast.
‘Having taken the views of all parties into account...’ His eyes drifted upwards, roving slowly from side to side as if he was doing mental arithmetic. ‘I have come to a decision. I have to say, this has been one of the most difficult cases I have had to arbitrate during the course of my career and one which has brought myself and my colleagues considerable sadness...’
Kirsten’s whole body jarred. Telmo shot Kirsten a broken, apologetic look, turning back to the judge hurriedly so she might not catch his expression. I knew then, even before I heard the judge’s words. It wasn’t going to go her way. My insides jumbled and I tightened my grip on Kirsten’s arm.
‘It is evident, Miss Taylor, how much you love the children. While the court is certain that with support you would be able to maintain a positive relationship with them, ultimately it is their personal safety we have to consider as well as their emotional wellbeing. Unfortunately, social services have been able to demonstrate that you are not capable of keeping the children safe from significant harm from Mr Peter Kernick.’
‘I understand that Mr Kernick is not in the picture at this precise moment but no doubt he will resurface at some point. The court feels that you are emotionally vulnerable and would be unable to prevent Mr Kernick from seeing and perhaps harming the children.’
‘With this in mind, regretfully, I grant a Full Care Order and an Adoption Order. We will consider making this an open adoption so that contact can be maintained, between two and six times a year.’
Out of nowhere Kirsten let out a loud howl, like the sound of a wounded animal. ‘No! Please no!’ she wailed, her mouth open in a stiff O. She rocked wildly back and forth, crying open-mouthed, her arms jerking wildly between her hair and her face. Groping for me, she clutched hold of my arms and wept bitterly into my shoulder, her shrieks grabbing the attention of everyone in the room. 
‘You fucking evil bastards,’ she screamed. It was difficult to bear seeing her face contorted with so much pain so I glanced around the room, checking the reaction of the court personnel and the judge. I was surprised to see compassion registered on their faces, not disgust. The court guardian, a middle-aged lady dressed in a grey suit, who had sat beside the judge with a nonchalant expression throughout the hearing, reached into her handbag and pulled out a tissue, dabbing at the corners of her eyes.
‘Ssshh, it’s alright,’ I whispered to Kirsten, stroking her back. But I felt so like such a fraud using those words. How could anything ever be right for her again?
‘It’s not alright,’ she shrieked, her hands balling into fists as she clenched hold of my top. She began slamming one of the fists into my shoulder. ‘They can’t take my babies. Please,’ she straightened, fixing me with imploring eyes. ‘Please do something, Narelle, please. Don’t let them take them from me. Please, it was never supposed to come to this.’
‘Kirsten, listen,’ I reached out to catch her fists as they flailed into me. Telmo stepped forwards but I shook my head, warning him off. Pinning her thin arms to her sides, I sucked in a large breath and summoned my calmest tone. ‘Listen, please. The judge has granted an open adoption. You know what that means don’t you?’
She shook her head frantically, her eyes rolling crazily to the back of their sockets.
‘It means you will see them. You’ll have contact. You’re not losing them forever. Do you understand?’
Shrugging away from my tight grip, she freed her arms and wrapped them around herself, like a wounded bird shrouding itself in its wings. ‘But I’m still losing them aren’t I? They’ll belong to someone else. Who’s going to hold them when they need me?’ She was shaking and sobbing, a long trail of spittle dropping from her mouth and landing on her lap to stain her jeans.
My pulse began to race faster. Staring around the room, I thought of the three children, now officially with social services as a parent. My heart lurched as I pictured Alfie, his face breaking into a smile every time I looked in his direction. I liked to think that the months I’d spent with them so far had gone some way to shaping the people they would become but I also knew it wasn’t enough. The thought of someone else tucking them in at night and whispering soft words whenever they had bad dreams cut me to the core. ‘I will.’
Slowly Kirsten raised her head and looked at me through a mucousy haze. ‘Will you?’ she asked in a tiny voice. ‘Really?’
‘If they’ll let me,’ I answered, turning to gauge Telmo’s reaction. The certainty of my reply surprised me and my stomach rolled in response. There was fear, I knew that, but I was equally sure that I couldn’t turn my back on the children, as my aunt had never turned her back on me. The thought brought goose bumps to the skin on my arms and my eyes filled momentarily before I brushed their wetness impatiently away.
Telmo’s non-committal expression brought a bubble of anger to my insides and I glared at him before returning my attention to Kirsten.
She rubbed her nose on her sleeve and gave me a hopeful look, sanity returning to her face for the first time since we had returned to the court room. Taking a breath, I turned my gaze back to Kirsten’s social worker. If he thought for one second that he could deny those three children their mother, and take them away from me, well, he had another think coming. Something hard and determined rose inside my chest. I patted Kirsten on the knee and swallowed hard.
‘Come on Kirsten,’ I said, shooting Telmo a stony look. ‘We’ve got some research to do.’

Chapter Thirty-Nine
Narelle

Mark only needed a brief glance at my red, swollen eyes as I walked into the living room to notice I had been crying. He was sitting on the sofa with Bethany and Adam either side of him and Frankie and Charlotte each on one knee. Frankie prompted him to continue with the Thomas the Tank story he was reading but Charlotte gazed at me curiously, sensing something was awry. The scene was almost too cosy and I bit my lip, rushing into the kitchen, unable to keep a fresh torrent of tears in check.
‘Come on,’ I heard Mark’s chirpy tones from behind me as he ushered the children towards the sliding patio doors. ‘I’m going to let you have one last play in the garden before you get ready for your lunch. Is that a good idea?’
‘Yay!’ Frankie cheered, grabbing his scooter and racing out, Charlotte following him with a thoughtful expression. 
‘We’ll go out with them, Dad,’ Bethany offered and I could hear the affection in her voice as she spoke. The extra time Mark was spending with his own children was already making a difference and I felt a momentary relief from anguish at the improvement.
Mark came over and stood beside me. ‘Tell me,’ he said gently.
I broke down again, telling him everything that had happened in court and waiting for him to state the inevitable policeman’s practical line, ‘these things happen, Narelle. You knew they would be leaving the day they came.’ Instead, he took me in his arms and held me for a long moment while a further stream of tears escaped me.
When we pulled apart he wiped a few stray tears as they rolled down my cheeks and placed a hand under my chin. Taking a deep breath, he said, ‘I suppose another two won’t make that much difference...’
I looked up sharply, searching his face to see if he was serious. He met my gaze with a smile, shrugging his shoulders. ‘You were adopted and seem to have turned out okay, if you discount the mild neurosis...’
I laughed, my hands rising to caress his face. ‘Do you mean it? It won’t be easy taking on two that aren’t your own.’
Mark clasped my hands in his own, kissing the tips of my fingers gently. ‘It’s not blood that ties a family together, Narelle, it’s love.’ 
I threw my arms around him and cried a fresh torrent of tears, but this time they were joyful. We walked towards the back door and Mark took up a position behind me, wrapping his arms around my waist. 
The patio door was half-open and I stood at the gap watching the four children charge around the garden, where even Charlotte was bellowing with laughter. I realised that my hands were shaking with excitement and hope. The leaves in the trees were moving in the evening breeze and I could hear their rustle and smell the freshly cut grass.
All I could think about was getting hold of Telmo and making our intentions clear.

‘I know exactly what I’m saying and yes, we all feel the same. The whole family is agreed.’
Early the next morning I had driven to Wingate House and was waiting in reception when Telmo arrived for work. Instead of rolling his eyes as had been his usual greeting of late, he gave me a sympathetic look, inviting me into his office and even offering me a cup of tea.
‘The thing is,’ Telmo lowered his head and looked up at me, his eyes full of doubt, almost pity, ‘we have a most ideal couple lined up for Alfie. They have been waiting for a year now and -’
‘You can’t do that,’ I broke him off, scornful. ‘I don’t know how you can even think about splitting them up.’
‘Mrs Fielding, most foster carers find dat letting go is de most difficult part of fostering. I know you’ve become attached and it doesn’t get any easier, however many times you go through it. But what are you going to do?’ he asked, a twinkle in his eyes. ‘You can’t adopt everyone, no?’
Blinking rapidly to avoid becoming tearful I commanded my most insistent tone. ‘Telmo, I can’t let those children go, I can’t. I won’t.’
He smiled then, and I could see he was a man capable of tender emotions beneath the surface. ‘A baby is a baby de world over. I know how quickly de bond forms, and how strong it becomes. In fact, when one of our foster carers hands a child back easily we worry dat they’ve not given what they should have to de placement.’
‘It’s become very clear how much dey mean to you, Mrs Fielding, but you see, dey will carry the time you’ve spent with dem through the years, always. It will never be lost.’
‘I know,’ I croaked, my face now awash with tears, ‘but this isn’t about me not being able to let go, really it isn’t. We love them to pieces, all three of them. We can give them whatever they need. And more importantly, we can keep them together.’
 

Chapter Forty
Narelle

The next few weeks passed more or less uneventfully, except that Alfie cut his first two teeth and learnt to sit independently, despite being only five months old. He was so proud of himself and thrilled to gain such a different view of the world. 
I had heard little from Telmo as the weeks passed and with so little outside interference it was easy to kid ourselves that we were already one big family. The week after the final court hearing I had allowed Kirsten a brief visit but Mark and I had spent the whole time nervously looking out of the window to make sure we were not about to receive an unannounced check. If Kirsten was seen having unauthorised access to the children it would ruin our chances of adopting them and we all agreed it wasn’t worth the risk, not until the adoption was finalised. 
That is, if we were going to be allowed to adopt them at all. 
While the adoption team at Merton social services agreed that we would be the most ideal match for the children, they feared that Pete may be able to manipulate Kirsten into divulging the details of our home address. In reality, Pete already knew where we lived but we were confident that there was no way he would ever dare to return. Of course, frustratingly, we couldn’t tell social workers that.
The adoption panel were meeting to discuss our case this afternoon with a view to making a final decision on whether we could keep them. Kirsten had written a long letter of support to the team, begging that the children be allowed to stay with us, but if I were being honest, I wasn’t sure whether that would damage or strengthen our claim. Telmo had promised to let me know the outcome as soon as he left the conference and I couldn’t bring myself to move far from the telephone in case I should miss his call. Understanding my anxiety and feeling as nervous himself, Mark had loaded the older four children into his people carrier and taken them off to the farm for the day.
Perching on the edge of the sofa, I stared into an uneaten bowl of mushroom soup fast congealing on my lap. I held the spoon over the meal, but instead of scooping up soup, I dropped the implement into the bowl and looked around the living room. It was immaculately clean.  I had spent the past few days lurching from manic cleaning frenzies to periods where I could barely move, worn out with the emotion of it all, and the fear that the three little ones might be taken away from us.
When the children were at home it was fine; I was too busy to think about anything else but them. It was when they were at nursery and school and I just had a sleepy Alfie for company that the nerves set in. On good days I fussed around the house, straightening cushions that didn’t need straightening and washing curtains that were already clean. On bad days I had to force myself to eat.
For days I hadn’t wanted to think about food. It was an effort to even brush my hair with anxiety eating away at my insides. There were so many doubts festering in my brain; would the adoption panel consider us capable of looking after five children long-term? Would they think the children better off with a dynamic younger couple as their new parents? The fostering team knew nothing of the real dramas we had experienced over the last few months but I wondered whether they were at all suspicious as to the extent of my friendship with Kirsten. 
Still, there were a couple of positive changes in my life that I was extremely grateful for.
For one, Louisa came up trumps in the end, providing us with a glowing reference to add to our adoption portfolio. I wasn’t sure if it would make any difference but having a fairly well-known footballer and his wife back us up might impress one or two members of the panel. Louisa seemed to be spending more and more of her time over at our house in recent weeks and once she even turned up without wearing any make-up. At first I did a double-take, wondering who the pale woman with sparse eyebrows and washed-out lips was.
Admittedly, Kirsten’s lack of airs and graces had had such an effect on my own behaviour that I was aware that I had lowered my guard. It was possible that Louisa was merely responding to the change in me. I don’t know exactly how it happened, but she dropped the affectations and became a true friend. I no longer groaned when Maisie pulled up on the drive.
Another unexpected bonus was the FOR SALE board nailed to the fence in front of the house across the road. With Chris on remand, Ellie was selling up and moving nearer to her parents. It was a relief to know she would be gone from the area and I prayed that she would find a buyer soon.
My heart rattled in my chest at the shrill, jarring tones of our telephone.  

Epilogue
Ten Weeks Later

Bedford Road in Guildford is much like any of the other residential streets in the historic town, except that at one end stands the Crown Court house, an impressive building of red bricks and ornate towers. It is April and the weather is mild, with only a small bank of high clouds scudding in from the east, bringing with them the threat of rain.  The birds chirp merrily in the trees but with thoughts of Kirsten at the forefront of my mind I can take no pleasure in the sounds of spring. 
Bethany and Adam lead our cavalcade as we head towards the stately building, with Frankie and Charlotte wending along behind them and Mark and I bringing up the rear. Alfie stares out at the group from his position in a forward facing baby carrier strapped to Mark’s chest, his little legs kicking furiously with the excitement of it all. He is blissfully unaware that today marks a final step away from the union with his birth mother. Watching him, my own joy is marred by the knowledge of her loss.
I wonder if his older siblings have any idea how momentous the moment is, how poignant. Mark and I had explained to them that we wanted to be their ‘forever’ family and that was the reason we were coming to court, but I’m not sure how much they actually took in. Frankie had immediately thrown himself at us with a big beaming smile, sensing that it was something to celebrate. Charlotte remained reticently thoughtful, asking only if her mummy would be allowed to come too.
 All the children were dressed in their nicest clothes ready for the court photographer to take our family picture. It was a touching tradition followed by courts across the land; once an adoption is sealed in law, the children and their new ‘forever’ family pose for a photo with the presiding judge. A lump rises in my throat as the memory of my own adoption by auntie flicks through my mind, rolling by fast motion in sepia, like a scattered reel of old film.
My thoughts turn to Kirsten again and I wonder how she is coping today of all days. Her life has never been easy but I have a feeling that today will probably be one of the most difficult of her life.
Since hearing the judge’s decision, Kirsten had withdrawn into herself, not responding to anyone but the children. It is strange how the mind has a way of dealing with events too painful to fully comprehend. I can remember the numbness I felt after the death of my own mother and sensed that Kirsten was feeling the same way. 
But even the most profound tension can only be felt for so long before the mind chooses to tune out, if only for some temporary respite. A few days after the hearing, on my insistence, Kirsten said her goodbyes to her little ones and hasn’t seen them now for six weeks. I felt it necessary to adhere to the court’s ruling and sever contact, at least until the adoption was finalised and they were officially mine.
Any breach of the rules, if discovered, would seriously jeopardise my chances of keeping them and neither Kirsten nor I were prepared to take that chance. Nausea overtakes my stomach suddenly in sympathy for what she must be feeling. I close my eyes and swallow down the rising bile, blinking rapidly to try and erase the memory of her tortured face as she received the news that she had lost them.
Exhaling a few times in quick succession, I feel calmer, keen to get inside the court and move on with the rest of our lives. As we approach the steps Bethany hesitates, dropping back with a concerned look. ‘Mum, look,’ she whispers, pointing to a distant figure hovering near the corner of the wide building, almost out of sight.
‘Okay,’ I nod grimly, turning to Mark. The clouded look in his eyes tells me that he too has seen Kirsten stealing wistful glances in our direction. ‘You take them in. I’ll join you in a moment.’
Mark ushers the children into court, glancing over his shoulder as I move closer to the young woman who is officially no longer their mother. Kirsten comes into full view, her cheeks red, eyes glittering with tears. Nearing, I notice that her small face seems somehow bruised, knocked around by grief and anguish. I see a girl, abandoned by society. Exposed and alone. 
She is wearing a pair of crumpled jeans and a black T-shirt, the dark hue draining her face of the last remnants of colour. Her hair is unwashed, caught in an untidy top-knot of tangled curls. Her eyes are swollen and raw-looking, staring out at me with a defeated expression. Despite her ragged appearance she looks beautiful, thinner than I have ever seen her but her vulnerability and the openness in her face melts my heart.
‘Hello, Kirsten.’ I say, trying to control my tone so that my voice doesn’t break. It doesn’t work and my cheeks are wet within seconds.
Her hand flies to her mouth and she begins to shake. Instead of answering, she stretches her hands out towards me and we fly together, arms wrapped tightly around one another, our faces wet with tears. Gently I guide her towards one of the benches set on the green opposite the court, noticing how her body trembles beneath my fingers. We sit down side by side.
She grips my hand like a fearful child and I long to chase away her demons and make everything better, even though I know it is an impossible task. We face each other wordlessly, both unable to form the right turn of phrase. But even without words I feel are both aware of what the other wants to say. Raw emotion has a voice of its own. 
Finally she speaks, croakily, ‘Love them, will you? Make sure they know it weren’t...’ her voice quavers and trails away. She withdraws her hands, covering her face and weeping silently.
‘I’ll love them like they’re my own,’ I promise her, as I had once before, stroking stray hairs away from her eyes.
‘I’m not sure I can bear this,’ Kirsten whispers in my direction with a clipped pronunciation in such stark contrast to the accent of the girl I first met months earlier, it takes me by surprise. She reaches out for my hand and I take hers, gripping tightly. 
‘We have to,’ I answer simply, knowing now that there is no other way.
 She shrugs her thin shoulders. There was a time when I found her brusque body language infuriating. Now I feel a motherly longing to chase away the helplessness it signals. ‘We’ll get through it, Kirsten. Life will be different, that’s all.’
She nods, biting down on her lip to stop the tears. Her hand reaches out and touches me on the shoulder.  She lifts her tear-streaked face from my shoulder and looks at me, mouthing the words, thank you.
I nod grimly. Standing, I turn briskly to walk towards the court, wishing I could have found the words to express how sorry I was. As I reach the double doors a gull launches itself into a low dive and fixes me with bright black eyes that seem to me to be full of hope. Shadows dance across the pavement as banks of white cloud begin to dissipate, taking with them the threat of rain and leaving a sky of bright blue in their wake.



OTHER TITLES BY MELISSA HUDSON
available on Amazon on Kindle



A Predator Stirs (Sample chapters follow below:-) 

 A Predator Stirs
 by Melissa Hudson



St Mary’s Convent 
1973

What makes a person evil?
Is it when they’ve swallowed too much pain and not enough love, so that all they can hear is screaming inside their own head? Maybe it’s when the people they love are buried, like secrets and truth, so that, no matter how hard they try, they can never bridge the void in their hearts. Is it evil to make a vow to punish the guilty? Or only if the deed is carried out?
There is a boy in East London, lying on a cold bed in a soulless place, wanting some answers from God. He rocks under his blanket and prays for guidance, but instead of comfort and hope, he feels only grief and vibrations from the sounds of an organ, its haunting melody floating across the convent courtyard.  Distant nuns sing their praises to an all-knowing, loving and compassionate God and a savage longing for revenge bubbles up from his belly into his chest. 
I am that boy. 
I know it’s wrong. I want the feeling to go away, but each day I wake the rage intensifies. Often, during the day, I feel as if I’m dreaming, even though I know I’m wide awake. Dark thoughts fill my mind almost every waking moment and yet I feel as if I’ve been asleep for hours at a time.
Kneeling on my bed, I gaze out of the window I’ve slept beneath for the last eight years, since arriving at the age of five.  In the distance, high wrought-iron gates stand at the perimeter of the grounds, flanked on both sides by marbled angels with feathered wings. The outside world hovers beyond like a mirage, beckoning me, but the gates are sealed shut by unseen hands, as if God himself is blocking my escape.
I grit my teeth and swipe at the tears stinging my cheeks.  I’m not crying for myself but, as if a predator is stirring from sleep, I can sense the truth is close by. It lurks within these walls, whispering, but as unreachable to me as the ends of the earth. 
In the book of Ecclesiastes, Solomon says that there is a time to die and a time to kill. Maybe what I plan to do is not so wrong after all.
I choose the sharpest knife.  
Running my fingers over and over the blade mutes the incessant sound of rain roaring in my ears, a metallic patter that invades my mind daily. With thoughts of Mother, hot liquid surges through my veins and I marvel at the feeling of fire eating up my insides as I say it over and over; an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth.
Sometimes I feel scared that something has come loose inside me.

Chapter One

‘None of this would of happened if Maggie was still in Number 10, you mark my words, sweetheart.’ Raven-haired Donna leaned against the bar of the Half Moon as early morning news headlines played out across the pub. ‘This country’s gone frigging loopy,’ she snorted, a cigarette dangling from her bright orange lips. ‘Old Donna’s telling you that for nothing. It all started going wrong when they built that bleeding tunnel.’ 
Mizpah Harris screwed up her eyes against the smoke as Donna ordered another gin and tonic, fishing around in her shiny red handbag for the meagre spoils of plying her trade with the locals. Mizpah wondered whether to refuse. Donna was on her twelfth gin and tonic, a heavy night, even for her.
‘Don’t let Rod catch you smoking in here,’ Mizpah whispered in Donna’s direction, her eyes filled with a mixture of revulsion and pity. ‘I think you’ve had enough, Donna. Shall we call it a night?’ 
The young woman chewed her lip, understanding Donna’s formidable tough exterior better than most.  It was a necessary tool of her trade. Still, Mizpah was wary. Veteran prostitutes were a tough old brood, particularly towards the end of a busy night. Donna was hours into her ‘shift’ and had just returned to her stool fifteen pounds the richer after a brief sojourn to the pub car park with an ageing Polish man sporting a stained denim jacket and bulbous, watery eyes. 
Tonight Mizpah had no need to worry. Copious drink had mellowed the old brass. Well into her fifties but still buying most of her ‘work’ gear at Top Shop, Donna waved her nicotine stained fingers dismissively in the air and laughed merrily at Mizpah, as if the refusal to serve her was the funniest joke she’d heard all night. Her breath, a fusion of stale beef crisps, bile, and gin, wafted across the bar, hitting Mizpah’s nostrils square on.  Deciding it would be lethal to inhale, Mizpah quickly closed her mouth and turned towards the wall-mounted TV positioned above the snooker table. 
Donna hitched up her over-tight skirt, freeing her thighs and shuffling her substantial bottom around on the bar stool to face the screen. A loud belch escaped her lips, the half-smoked cigarette falling into her lap. ‘Aw, sod it.’
Grimacing, Mizpah reached for the TV remote and turned up the volume. The BBC correspondent’s calm voice reached Mizpah with an eerie detachment and she gripped the handset tightly as a familiar backdrop filled the screen.
“The body of a pregnant woman has been discovered by a passer-by in the undergrowth of a London park. Locals to Agnes Riley Gardens were shocked to -” 
Donna tutted, swiping the ash from her skirt and shaking her head in distress. Fumbling around in her handbag again, she pulled out a dust-covered lipstick and rolled a thick layer of crimson on top of her cracked orange lips. Her pendulous breasts swung in the low-cut top she wore as she shuddered dramatically, her stiff, dyed black hair barely moving. ‘Poor girl. Expecting an’ all. What did I tell you, love?’ She pouted in Mizpah’s direction and picked at a stray smear of lipstick clinging to her stained teeth. ‘The whole bleeding country’s gone to the dogs.’ Donna downed the last of her drink, leaving a trail of red on the rim of the glass and wiping her mouth on her sleeve.
Robotically, Mizpah lowered the remote to the bar and rushed to the ladies, throwing up as fear and guilt rivalled each other for attention. 
Swinging from incredulity to shock, she grabbed her coat and roused Rod, her Scottish and permanently cheery manager, who’d fallen asleep on an armchair near the stage. Bleary-eyed, he nodded, rousing himself to take over serving at the near empty bar. Abandoning her shift, Mizpah hoped Rod hadn’t noticed the panic festering in her dark brown eyes. 
Half an hour later, glancing towards the road blocks and sweep of flashing blue lights at the entrance to Agnes Riley Gardens, she quickened her step. A small crowd of onlookers, some shivering in dressing gowns and slippers, stood gawping through the tall black railings of the park. Catching sight of a white body tent billowing in the wind, she lowered her face into the collar of her coat and tried to summon a rush of anger to extinguish the guilt rising in her chest. 
An icy wind pulled at the black ringlets caught up in a loose bun at the nape of her neck as the smell of exhaust from a passing red double-decker bus reached her. She winced, blinking away the dust swirling up from the street. Long strands of her hair brushed the olive skin of her face, obscuring her vision. Turning away from the oddly surreal scene in the park, she began reciting the books of the Old Testament in strict order, an ingrained ritual constructed in her early years to drag her thoughts away from anything remotely unpleasant. And involvement in a brutal murder most definitely qualified, she told herself. If she could reach the book of Malachi before she got to the end of Atkins Road, the last forty-eight hours might just become a figment of her imagination.
And Elle would still be alive. 
As if in a deliberate attempt to shatter her hope, moonlight flickered through the trees onto a huddle of forensic investigators gathered inside the park gates, the sight as accusatory as a finger jabbing at her chest. Overwhelmed by the magnitude of what she had done, she shuddered, turning away. 
Five a.m. She’d been awake for over twenty hours.  Her throat was so dry it felt like she’d been snacking on balls of steel wool and her next shift at the Half Moon would start in eight hours. It wouldn’t take the police long to connect the murder investigation to the pub.
She had to talk to Alan before they did.
Tapping his number into the keypad, her fingers trembled. Come on, Alan, answer. She could already feel the incessant craving for alcohol in her blood, gnawing at her resolve of sobriety with unrelenting determination. Closing her eyes, she clamped white teeth down onto her lower lip and tried to imagine a time, in the not too distant future, when maybe, just maybe, she could carve a decent life for herself. One where she wasn’t alone all the time. 
When she didn’t have to worry about covering her tracks.  
Clasping the phone to her ear, she hurried along Clarence Avenue with the uncomfortable feeling that someone was following. The consequence of a guilty conscience, the voice in her head intoned. She tried to ignore the feeling, but the panic of being observed had her on edge, like a cornered wild animal.  And in her mind she was back in a dirty second floor flat in Balham, listening while her pimp reeled off a list of tricks to a group of middle-aged men haggling on the street below.
A wave of dread soared through her chest as the call went straight to voicemail. Alan would be awake; she had spent the last few weeks camping out on his sofa and knew he was practically nocturnal. Alan had offered her a haven from the brothel but she could almost feel the grasp of Johnny, her ex-pimp, tightening around her throat. 
She didn’t want to imagine what would happen if he’d located her.

Alan lived in an unkempt terraced house in Brixton.  Half of the houses in Kendrick Place were boarded up and covered in graffiti and most of the ones left had bars on the ground floor windows.  Mizpah knocked, unwilling to use her key knowing she would be packing up and moving to her own place in the next day or two. It didn’t seem right somehow. As she hovered on the doorstep she was reminded as she always was of the endless weekends she’d spent knocking on the doors of unwilling residents as a child of Jehovah’s Witness parents.
It was a relief to be away from the oppressive, controlling regime at home. The enforced Bible study and social isolation was potent reason enough to drive her away, even without the recurring dreams. Now she had made the break, Mizpah was beginning to realise that there was something odd in the Harris household.  It was as if her dreams were prodding her with impatience, daring her to acknowledge the mysteries her subconscious mind had already solved.
And then there was Alan, with his cracked teeth and pockets full of dope. But if it wasn’t for his help, offering to put her up, she’d still be trapped in the brothel, hooked on smack. 
He opened the door looking guarded, slightly shaken.
‘Hi Alan.’
‘What the fuck time do you call this?’  
‘Have you seen the news, Alan?’ She studied his reaction, shifting her weight from foot to foot.  It was beginning to snow.  ‘Alan? Are you OK?’
‘I just heard,’ he growled. ‘But do we have to do this now? I was about to get some kip. I’ve only got me kecks on, for cryin’ out loud.’
Mizpah stood her ground, insistent.
Alan manoeuvred a muscled Rottweiler backwards with his sock-covered foot. ‘For fuck’s sake, Barney, stay back.’ He glanced over his shoulder into the hall, hesitating. Mizpah wondered whether it was the drugs.  She knew he was a user, despite his attempts to pass off the exotic smells drifting through his house as Indian spices. He self-medicated, she had come to realise, to quell the anger she sensed was balled up inside him.
‘I’ve been trying to call,’ she rubbed her frozen hands together, irritated. ‘Look Alan, we need to talk urgently.  Whatever it is you’re doing in there... I’m not interested. Just let me in.’
She stole a fleeting look past him and into the dimly-lit hallway with its stained paintwork and musky air. He quickly pulled the living room door closed and blocked her way, eyeing her suspiciously. 
‘You alright?’
Mizpah ran her hands down her face. ‘No,’ she answered. ‘But I will be. And I’m going to make sure someone pays, for Elle’s sake.’ She hesitated, staring at the peeling paint of his front doorstep. ‘With or without you, Alan.’
Alan went pale. ‘You better come in,’ he called out louder than necessary. He stepped aside and turned, disappearing into the dimly-lit hallway in his boxers. ‘I weren’t expecting you back today. I thought you was kipping at the boozer.’
Mizpah followed him as he staggered wearily down the hall towards the galley kitchen at the back of his house, almost losing her footing on the cheap, laminate flooring. Barney followed, whining and jumping up against Alan’s side. Mizpah walked round a silver bin, its contents overflowing into a dog bowl half-full of crusty dried morsels.
She leaned against the kitchen worktop and kicked off her high heels. Mizpah hated them but Rod insisted that all the girls wore stilettos. It wasn’t that she couldn’t walk in them; she just objected to all they represented – the gratification of self-obsessed men. She was sick of the assumption that pleasing the male of the species was something all women should aspire to do. She didn’t and, she thought, with a steely resolution, it was time to kick back.
Pulling her coat tighter round herself, she left her arms wrapped there.  It really was cold.  She hoped her new landlady would be more inclined to crank the heating up than Alan was.  She noticed the stiff angle of his shoulders as he made her a cup of tea. It meant he wasn’t willing to talk. Squeezing the teabag in his palm, he stirred in a few drops of milk using his middle finger. 
‘No clean spoons, sorry.’  
She guessed he hadn’t washed up since she’d left for work the day before.  The kitchen smelt more neglected than ever. Over the floor a dismantled bike took up most of the space, gear cogs and cables balanced strategically on kitchen work services and the top of the microwave, but Alan took no notice of mess, snatching up a loaf of Best of Both from the side and dropping a few slices into the toaster.
‘Sit down and I’ll rustle up a bit of toast,’ he offered, scratching his groin and raising his fingers to his nose, inhaling loudly. ‘I got the munchies.’ 
She held the sticky cup between her hands, hugging it to her chest for warmth.  ‘How can you even think about food, Alan?’ she asked, despairing. ‘After what’s happened...  I told you, we need to talk about Elle.’
‘I don’t know what you’re getting in such a state about.’ He grabbed a dirty knife from the sink, wiping each side of the blade on his jumper.  ‘If you don’t tell them nothing, they ain’t gonna know, are they?’ 
‘I won’t have any toast thanks, Alan,’ she said slowly, pressing her index fingers into her temples, hard. It was difficult to hold it together when she was with Alan. There was a sad desperation about him that left her longing for a shot of gin. 
She drew in a loud breath. ‘The baby, Alan. We have to do something...’ her voice trailed off. It wasn’t supposed to happen like this.  Why did they have to push it this far? Two lives lost, all because she went along with their stupid scheme.  ‘How can we keep it to ourselves? It’s our fault, Alan. It’s one of the targets, it has to be. Who else would have reason to...’ she stopped, her lip quivering slightly. ‘How long before the police find out what we’ve done?’
‘Look.’ Alan slammed the bread down, his hand squashing the thin slices as they spilled over the worktop. ‘If they come round here I’ll get rid of them.’ 
He leaned towards her and she flinched. How could he be so cold about it? Much as she was grateful to Alan, the aggressive stance he often reverted to, unsettled her. To say he was unpredictable was an understatement. 
‘They probably ain’t got a fucking clue.  Thick as shit, most coppers. You just got to keep your trap shut.’
She didn’t like the way he was looking at her and turned away, studying her untouched cup of tea. It was then she noticed someone standing silently in the doorway. She looked up suddenly and saw Frankie, looking like he’d just woken up, rubbing balled up fists into his bloodshot eyes. 
‘Frankie. What are you doing here?’ Mizpah had met Frankie a few weeks earlier at the Half Moon.  Despite his young age, Alan regularly invited him into the pub. She knew Frankie did some leg work for Alan; a boy of fifteen was less obtrusive standing outside the school gates peddling his wares, than a middle-aged man. 
Frankie would hover in the pub, at Alan’s side when he should have been in school.  He always looked a bit lost. Mizpah was often tempted to take him aside and tell him to get away from Alan while there was still time.  But Frankie seemed to worship him, as if he’d do absolutely anything Alan asked of him.  And besides, she was hardly a shining example of success herself.  
Alan jabbed a light fist into Frankie’s chest. ‘Staying with me now ain’t you, son?’
Frankie said nothing, sloping towards the fridge with his shoulders slumped, pulling his hoodie high up over his head and partially covering his eyes.
‘Living with two fellas he was.  Fucking gay foster carers, can you believe it? You’d think we was living in bloody Thailand or something.’
‘Yeah, alright. No need to go on about it.’ Frankie slammed the fridge shut and drank milk from an almost empty carton. ‘They were alright really, ‘cept for all the shit I got about it.’
‘You’d rather live with me though, wouldn’t you, bruv?’
‘Course I would.’ Frankie dropped the carton in the sink and sauntered back through the kitchen, nodding to Mizpah and pulling the hood further over his head. Mizpah looked around her. Since she had spent less time there, Alan’s place had sunk further in its filthiness.  If Frankie had been looked after by the local authority, Mizpah knew it meant social workers would soon be onto Alan, checking him out. She had a bad feeling about this, wondering what they would make of the place. Almost certainly they would move Frankie on if she didn’t do something about it. Sighing, she reached into the cupboard under the sink and pulled out the cleaning products she had bought when she first stayed over.
Alan hovered uselessly while she splashed disinfectant over the worktops and chiselled dried in food from the bin. Making sure Frankie was out of earshot, Mizpah lowered her voice to a whisper. ‘They’ll want to track Elle’s movements, it’s what they do. Sooner or later they’ll realise she stayed here before she got her flat. What if they find out about the scheme and-...’
‘For fuck’s sake.’ Alan spun around on her as she straightened up, taking her by surprise. ‘They’ll have us done for blackmail. We’ll all go down. You and all.  Anything to do with money and they treat you worse than nonces. I told you, just keep your fucking mouth shut.’
She could almost hear her mother’s voice as she returned Alan’s stare – “when are you going to stop allowing Satan to rule your life, Mizpah? What has got into you?” Alan’s breath touched her face and she backed away, uncomfortable. He took a pouch of tobacco and a tin of weed from the kitchen drawer and began rolling a joint. He was so adept at the process he barely needed to look down. He narrowed his eyes at her. ‘You ain’t told no one nothing?’
‘No, not yet...’ she said, unconsciously balling her hands into a fist. She detested it when men used superior strength as an excuse to dominate her. It reminded her of her father. Bloody men. 
Alan ignored her scowl, lifting a nicotine stained finger and jabbing it sharply into the base of her neck. She tried shrugging him away but he kept it there as he spoke through gritted teeth, his voice low and menacing. ‘Make sure it stays that way.’




ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Melissa Hudson was born in London and now lives in Surrey with her two children. After working for several years in the Major Crime Team at Surrey Police, she registered as a foster carer and combines this passion with her other ambition – writing.

To contact the author or to read more, please visit www.melissahudson.co.uk





