

THE JOURNAL OF
PETER RUBIN

A Novel By
VINCENT BIVONA



ORANGE OTTER PUBLISHING

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

Copyright Vincent Bivona, 2008  
Smashwords Edition
 Illustrated by Melissa Maiello www.MelissaMaiello.com

All rights reserved, including the right to reproduce this book or portions thereof in any form whatsoever.



ALSO BY VINCENT BIVONA
Bryce
Left For Dead 
Second Coming


My memories haunt me in my sleep,
They haunt me when I am awake.
Some say be thankful for what is left,
But my memories are something I can no longer take.

I look to the sky for solace,
And I see the faces of my loved ones gone;
I try to find the jubilance I once felt,
And once again those emotions abscond.

—Diane Daniels 

{ PREFACE }

This is going to be a little challenge, but one that I’m certainly up for. Because this is set for the Kindle (which means re-sizable font), I’ve had to include images where I would have otherwise had font. Depending on your font size, there may be a few breaks where there are images. If this is a small inconvenience, I apologize, but I think I may have formatted it in such a way that it lines up rather nicely.
Also, I would like to add that although this is a work of fiction, it should be viewed as an actual journal, one that belongs to a boy named Peter Rubin. Keeping this in mind, I invite you to invade the sanctity of his private thoughts so that you may gain a better understanding of his life.

June 14th
Wednesday

“Kick him again, Steve!”
Their voices echo in my head. 
“Hold him still, moron!” 
“I’m trying, but he’s too damn fat!” 
Their words nearly drive me insane.
“There, I got him! Do it again! Hurry!” 
Nothing ever changes. This is the routine of my life.
“How do you like that, fatass? Right in your jelly rolls!” 
A routine that has repeated itself as far back as I can remember . . .
It’s been six hours since the fight and my body still aches. My skin has taken on the bluish-purple tinge of a plum, swelling, making me look fatter than ever. At first moving was a painful task, but when you have endured as much as I have you get used to certain things. Like how you sometimes pee out blood if you get kicked in the kidney too hard. As a note, I try to cover up that part of me as best I can. Yet sometimes a kick or a punch finds its way through. 
I keep telling myself I’ll do a better job of protecting myself next time. 
That’s the sad thing about all this: there will be a next time.
It never stops . . .  
~Peter
June 17th 
Saturday

It’s me again. After going back and reading my first entry I realize that I was a little negative. Under the circumstances, I guess that can be forgiven. Let me apologize and start this one the way the first should have.

I used to I had thought that when I changed schools—middle to high—my reputation would change as well. It didn’t. And neither did the group of kids who decided to devote their time to making my life a living nightmare. 
Since this is a journal, let me explain what I look like. I’m overweight, short for my age, and have a pasty complexion. There, I said it. There’s no point masking the truth any longer. The only good thing I have going for me is that I don’t wear glasses—at least they can’t get me on that. 
My mom mentioned once that it was a good idea to write down your thoughts and feelings. She did it herself because she and Dad are going through a tough time, and it seems to be helping. Seeing as how I’m not really that vocal, nor do I wish to share my thoughts with anyone other than myself, I’ve decided to give it a whirl. Who knows, maybe I can look back on this years from now and laugh.
I’m in 9th grade, by the way, and I live at home with my parents. I would like to say that they’re happily married, but that would be a lie. 
I guess I would have to describe my mom as the type of person who sort of understands me. She means well—she really does—but there’s a generation gap. Things aren’t like they were back when she was my age and she just can't seem to understand that. She works for an investment banking company called Andre Fathoms Associates and leaves for work at five in the morning. She comes home eight at night. That’s basically her life: travel to and from work, come home, eat, say hello to me and my dad, and then go to bed.
Not what I would call a cheerful existence. 
My dad’s is no better. He’s an analyst for C.V.C. Innovations. He rides the train with my mom and has a similar work schedule, working Saturday as well. He’s short and overweight, like me. As far as compatibility, there really is none. The only thing my dad likes to do is fish. Despite the fact that I hate fishing, I do it every chance I get just to spend time with him. It sucks. I’d do anything just to spend more time with him, but he never seems to have any. The only time I really get to see him and my mom is at dinner—a punctual hour between eight and nine during which they ask about school. There’s no way I would tell them the truth, so I feed them the answers they want to hear. Because of that, they believe I’m well-rounded, popular, and haven’t a care in the world.
God, how I wish that were true. 
~Peter
June 19th
Monday
I told you they never stop.
This is the group I spoke of earlier: Steve Jones, Jordan Saunders, Casey Vector, and Gary Reith. I call them The Clan. Like any group of bullies, there’s always a ringleader, and Steve is theirs. He’s tall for his age, broad-shouldered, and has a patch of peach fuzz on his chin that looks like it will one day turn into a goatee. 
Steve and his friends are on three of the school’s sports teams, but it looks as if their favorite past-time activity is picking on me. I’ve tried for almost four years to figure out what it is that makes me the target for their abuse. In the end I figured it out: It’s not because I’m fat, short, or because I’ll get a sunburn if I stand too close to a light bulb (there are lots of other kids with these qualities and they don’t get picked on). It’s because The Clan need a target and they chose me. Simple as that. I was the lucky one . . . or un-lucky one, however you want to put it. 
Since today was the last day before summer break, they decided to give me one last going away present. 
“What’re we gonna do to him today?” Casey asked at lunch. His voice was coarser than usual, indicating that he meant business. “We should make it special, we’re not gonna see him for a while.”
“Dunno,” said Jordan. “What do you think, Steve?”
Steve didn’t even need to think. “Jelly rolls.”
Casey’s face lit up. “Yeah! Jelly rolls! Old-school style!” 
“Come on, drag him outside.”
If I had been in better shape I could have tried to run for it. Then again, maybe not. They grabbed me and the next thing I knew Jordan and Casey had me pinned to the ground while Steve lifted up my shirt and slapped my stomach.
“Jelly rolls! Jelly Rolls!” he shouted, laughing like a hyena as the others joined in.
If I close my eyes I can still see their neurotic faces cackling madly as Steve turned my stomach red.
 This is my lot in life: I was chosen to suffer the abuse of those who have nothing better to do than to make someone else’s life miserable. 
And the sad thing about it: there’s someone like me in every school.
~Peter
June 20th 
Tuesday

Most kids my age would undoubtedly be going out with their friends or crashing end-of-the-year parties, like Sally Rutchfield’s.
Not me.
Like I said, I’m a little different than most kids. I don’t have a bunch of friends; I only have two: John Lombardi, a tall, lanky, pimply-faced kid, and Tommy “Boots” Moretti. John and I call him “Tommy Boots” because he only wears boots. (I bet you didn’t see that one coming.) Both of them are a little more outgoing than me and went to Sally Rutchfield’s party as space-fillers. They should have just come over to my house and played Call of Duty. Don’t get me wrong, I was invited, too—and I guess I should feel blessed for that—but I chose not to go because Steve Jones was going.

In response to name-calling, my mom once told me that sticks and stones could break my bones, but words would never hurt me. I guess she never thought had a vocalized spear stabbed into her heart because words really do hurt. 
I remember hiding under the jungle gym during recess and crying. It served two purposes: it got me out of sight so Steve and his goons couldn’t find me, and so I could cry in peace. 
I remember the playground all too well . . . it was filled with rocks. If you asked anyone who went to that school they wouldn’t remember, but I would, and still do, because The Clan used to throw them at me. 
 On numerous occasions I came home with welts. Every now and then they were the size of golf balls. 
Once The Clan caught up to me as I was running away and pulled me under the slide, threatening me, telling me that if I ever told on them to Mrs. Montgomery, our principal back then, they would jump me when I got off the bus. I believed them and never said a word, just took what they dished out and lied whenever my parents caught a glimpse of a welt (if they even noticed in that one hour slot we call dinner). I covered most of them pretty well with hats and long-sleeved shirts anyway. 
When my parents did spy one, however, I just lied and said that I had fallen while playing with some of my friends.
God, I wish I’d had friends back then. I didn’t meet Tommy Boots and John until the end of eighth grade, and I really could have used them. Especially with Steve and his goons tormenting me. And go figure: now John and Tommy Boots are at a party with that same person . . . 
Whatever, I don’t feel like writing anymore. I’m going to sleep.
~Peter
June 24
Saturday

Sorry I didn’t write these past few days. I didn’t have time. Tommy Boots, John, and I rode our bikes down to Revina’s Clutch. John said it would be good exercise for me. It was. I nearly passed out. 
Revina’s Clutch is this big sandy crater that people use as a place to dump their old mattresses, car tires, broken cabinets, and things like that. The kids who know about the Clutch use it as a place to ride their bikes. Because of all the wood, it’s the perfect place to build ramps. 
When the three of us arrived, there was already a group of kids from our school riding around. Upon closer inspection, I saw that it was The Clan. 
Just my luck. 
“I can’t go down there,” I told Tommy Boots and John. There were butterflies in my stomach, and not the kind that flutter around when you like a girl. 
“It’s okay,” John said, “they won't do anything to us.” 
I wasn’t so sure. Neither was he—I heard the uncertainty in his voice. Just because he and Tommy Boots had seen Steve at Sally’s end-of-the-year party and hadn’t gotten beaten up, that didn’t mean The Clan wouldn’t beat them up now. There had been adults at the party. Here there weren’t. 
Tommy Boots at least seemed hesitant. “I don’t know. Maybe we should just wait until they leave.” 
“I second that,” I said. We hid our bikes in the bushes and waited for The Clan to leave. It didn’t take long. Only an hour. When they left I tried one of the jumps and nearly killed myself. I guess fat people weren’t meant to fly . . . 
After, we went for pizza and Carvel. Every time we go there, Tommy Boots mentions how cool it would be to work at an ice cream shop. All I know is that if I worked there, I would become even fatter than I already am. I’ll just thank the fact that I’m still only fourteen and can’t get my working papers. That reminds me, I forgot to mention that Tommy Boots is a year older than John and me, but he’s still in our grade. When his father died while he was in third grade his mother decided she couldn’t stand being alone and pulled him out of school for the rest of that year. By the time school rolled around again there was a dispute with the Board of Ed or something like that and he had to repeat the grade. I know it’s probably wrong to say this, but I’m really glad he was held back; if not, I don’t think we would have become friends. 
~Peter	
July 2
Sunday

Hi again. I know I haven’t been writing, but the summer’s been taking its toll on me. Tommy Boots, John, and I did a lot the past few of days. We went to the mall, McCircuits (the computer store), and today my dad and I went fishing again after church! I caught three huge fluke, but I don’t really care about that—the important thing was that I got to spend time with him.
I’ll tell you about the mall first. We like to go to the one in Bayview. (Yes, I know Sun Valley is a lot closer.) Despite the fact that the mall is almost an hour away, it’s the only one I will go to for specific reasons. At least in a town an hour away, nobody knows your name, and you’re free to express your life the way God intended. Nobody is marked like Cain, and nobody forks the sign of the devil or throws rocks as you go by. Plus, John’s mom has an aunt that lives out there, so she doesn’t mind the drive and just drops us off.
With that said, we walked around, got some pizza, and looked at some magazines. Just a day with your friends—something that, although it might not be that special to some, is very special to me.
The next day, we went to McCircuits over on Treehallow Road. It’s our favorite computer store. Tommy Boots wanted to get the Witch Hunter video game. It’s a spin-off from the television series that we watch all the time. He spent his entire allowance, but it was worth it. The graphics are incredible! We played for seven hours straight before we passed out.  
Lastly, my fishing trip. My dad has a sixty-eight-foot Buddy Davis Sport Fisherman. It’s a really nice boat. Actually, “nice” isn’t the right word to describe it, and neither is “boat”; technically it’s a yacht, and it’s beautiful. My dad asked me if I wanted to invite Tommy Boots and John when we went out today, but I lied and told him they were busy installing computer software. I hate to lie, but is it really too much to want to spend some alone time with my dad since he’s always so busy? 
~Peter
July 5
Wednesday

Hey! Summer’s going great! Yesterday was the Fourth of July and let me just say that it was a great day! Both my mom and dad had off from work! Hallelujah! We spent the day together: the morning shooting off the fireworks my dad brought home and, after storing what we didn’t shoot off in the shed, the afternoon at the park.
It’s always funny how you can learn something new despite your age. I’m not saying that I’m over-the-hill, but being fourteen isn’t the start of life, either. Yesterday, I learned that my dad had asked my mom out on a date to a Fourth of July party about a million years ago. It was then that they shared their first kiss. They told me the story as fireworks lit up the night sky, and it seemed to revive their love for one another. It was really great to see them happy again.
The story goes as follows:	
Back in college (I think my dad said it was either Berkeley or Briarcliffe), he put in for a tutor. It was his second year, and as a college requirement each student had to take a language, despite their major. My dad’s major was accounting. That’s how he got my mom as his tutor; she was an accounting major, too.
She said that the way she was able to pay for snacks and go out to the movies was by working as a language tutor—French to be specific. She had taken it in high school and passed with flying colors. She tutored my dad up until his final and he passed only because of her help. It was then that my dad fell instantly in love with her and, as he would later find out, she with him.
The sad thing about college is that, like any other school year, it ends. Knowing this, my dad and my mom exchanged numbers and promised to call one another, hoping to keep up their friendship. One week before the Fourth of July, my dad called my mom and asked her to come and celebrate the holiday with him and his family. She said that she would love to. Their towns weren’t too far from one another, so it must have been fate. She visited, he introduced her to everyone, and at the end of the night, they shared their first kiss under the fireworks.
A true romance story. I hope I have the same college experience and find the love of my life, as well. It’s just sad the way they fight sometimes now. It seems that they forgot just how heart-strung they were for one another back then. Even so, the telling of that story seemed to rekindle some long-lost flame. I hope it doesn’t go out. 
~Peter

July 24
Monday

Wow, time’s flying. I know I haven’t written much, but sometimes I stay over Tommy Boots’s or John’s house, and I don’t bring my journal with me. I think I’d die of embarrassment if they read my thoughts. I mean, yeah, we share our feelings with one another, but most of what I write in my journal—in you—is personal.
Since my last entry, I’ve gone to the movies, the mall about three more times, and started reading a story called “I Am Legend.” I haven’t finished it yet, but it’s really interesting so far; it almost seems to me like it’s portraying a twisted reality of my life. The main character, a man by the name of Robert Neville, is the last person on the earth. Well, the last human person, but that’s not where the relevance lies—it lies in the fact that he’s forced to be a loner because of a vampire outbreak. Like him, I’m almost forced to be a loner because of The Clan outbreak.  
Despite the amount of time I spend in my house during the school year studying notes and vocab and doing homework, I never really took up reading for fun. I mostly found myself tinkering away on the computer or watching movies. Now things might be different. I think I might actually get a library card and check out a few new books after I finish this one.
It’s actually kind of odd how I came to read the book in the first place. I found myself, armed with a Nerf gun, pretending I was Agent 007. Since I’m the best with a Nerf gun we usually play two versus one. John was Alec Trevelyan (Agent 006) and Tommy Boots was Dr. No. (for some reason, John likes the old Bond movies and always pretends he’s 006).
So there I was hiding from 006 and Dr. No. They were hot on my pursuit and had followed my trail into the complex (my kitchen). Knowing that they would do this, I ducked behind a steel drum (the den couch) for safety. When I spied that double-crossing agent, 006, maneuvering and over-exaggerating his way into the weapons room, I popped up from behind my barricade and began ripping loose a barrage of bullets.
006 tucked and rolled behind a bulletproof safe and returned fire. I dodged every one of those speeding bullets but was struck in the head. Turns out John shot down one of my dad’s books (the ones he reads on the train ride to work). I’ll give you three chances to guess the title of the book.
Oh! By the way, my birthday is in seventeen days! August tenth! The big one five!
~Peter
August 2
Wednesday

I can’t believe it’s August already. It’s both a good and bad thing. Good because my birthday is coming up, and bad because that means school is right around the corner and I have to see them again. 
Over dinner, my parents asked me what I wanted for my birthday, and I replied that I wanted nothing in particular, just to spend time with them. Since my birthday’s going to fall on a Thursday this year, that won’t be possible. It’s not a total loss, though—they did say they would do something with me that Sunday. And since it’ll be a Sunday, we can spend the whole day together.
That’s another thing about my parents: even though they have Sundays off, they seldom spend them with me. I’ve written that Sunday is the one day my dad tries to go fishing—and I join him every time I can—but he doesn’t do it as often as he wishes. He’s usually tired, and both he and my mom say it’s their only day to sleep in and catch up on their sanity. Sometimes, more often than not, my dad even has work to do on his laptop. 
When I grow older, and someday have a family of my own, I’m not going to be like my parents and be obsessed with work. Money isn’t everything, and I’ll gladly trade wealth for family bonding anytime.	
My dad usually
For my birthday I think I’ll ask them to take me out to dinner. Tommy Boots and John already said they’re going to do something for me, too. I can’t wait to find out what it is.
Birthday countdown: Eight days!!!
~Peter
August 10
Thursday

I’m fifteen now! 
I woke up to Corolla . . . 
Wait a minute, I don’t think I mentioned who Corolla is. Let me check. . . .  Nope, I didn’t. 
Since my parents leave for work at 4:30 in the morning and don’t come home until about 8 at night, we have a maid. Her name is Corolla. She’s a short Hispanic lady, about forty-five, with long black hair and glasses. Corolla’s been with us since I was nine. I had my first crush on her and went to her for advice the first time I liked a girl. It completely backfired and I was humiliated. Since then I’ve decided never to ask her advice again. Now I just keep a friendly smile on whenever Corolla and I talk. She’s nice enough, cutting the ends off the peanut butter and jelly sandwiches she makes, but talking to her about my problems is out of the question. Grown-ups just don’t understand me.
When I woke up she gave me two cards—hers and my parents’.
In Corolla’s was a Simon gift certificate redeemable at any Simon mall. Bless her for that ambiguous choice—God only knows what I’d do if it was only for Sun Valley. In my mom and dad’s was nothing but a short squib about how proud they were of me turning fifteen. Corolla said that even though my parents didn’t put anything in the card it didn’t mean they didn’t love me and weren’t planning to do something later when they got home. I didn’t believe this at all.
During the day, Tommy Boots and John came over. Each of them brought a small gift, which I immediately opened. John’s was the new Air Max Nerf gun, fifteen shots of rapid-fire dart suction! Tommy Boots’s was a collectable deck of the Witch Hunter series playing cards. Inside were instructions for three different types of games you could play. We spent the remainder of the afternoon learning each and mastering them.
After watching the Thursday night episode of Witch Hunter, my parents came home. Dad seemed overly happy and embraced me in a warm fatherly hug. I hugged him back, wishing it didn’t have to end. A moment later, my mom hugged me, as well. It sounds childish—and I 

I sent Tommy Boots and John ahead of me to “prepare” for the sleepover. My parents said they could have stayed, but I don’t think I can be labeled selfish if I wanted to spend that one hour I get with my mom and dad alone.	
“This is for you,” she said, handing me another envelope.
“It’s from the both of us,” my dad added.
I felt my throat tighten up. My eyes tried to tear, but I fought to hold that back. So they did love me! Corolla was right. They had been planning something, after all! I opened the envelope carefully, not wanting to damage whatever lay inside. When I got it open a Barnes and Noble gift card stared me in the face.
“It’s for a hundred dollars,” my dad said. 
“How did you know?” I asked.
He smiled a knowing smile. 
“One of my books is missing,” he said simply. “Corolla found it in your room when I asked her to look for it. Maybe when you’re done with it we can discuss it. Until then, I’m sure you can find some books to start a shelf of your own.”
It’s funny; sometimes—most of the time, really—I feel like I’m invisible and my parents know absolutely nothing about me, and then something like this happens and they surprise me. 
“Thank you,” I said, feeling my eyes beginning to water. 
Best day ever. I can’t wait for my next birthday.
Birthday countdown: 364 days!!! (Just kidding.)
~Peter
August 22
Tuesday

This sucks! Only thirteen more days of summer vacation left, and then school starts again. I really thought that the summer was going to last forever. I guess time really does fly when you’re having fun. I know the same logic’s going to apply for the reverse: school is going to crawl by . . .
Just watch.
And then I have to deal with them . . . 
They’re going to find me and make my life miserable.  
~Peter
August 25
Friday

Sorry, I was a little upset the other day. Who could blame me, though? Summer’s been great and now it’s ending. I just really don’t want to see The Clan again. Sure, it’s possible that Steve Jones and his followers could have changed for the better. Then again, it also could have been possible that I lost weight over the summer and that didn’t happen. In the end we’ll just have to see what happens. Play things by ear, hoping for the best and preparing for the worst. That’s my life’s motto, I guess. At least in that respect, if things take a turn for the worst, I’ll be ready for them.
~Peter
August 30
Wednesday

The gap is really closing now. Only five more days left. My parents seem excited for me. They keep on saying “Look how our Peter Rabbit is growing up!”
Looking on the bright side of things, since I’m going into tenth grade, all I have to do is get though this year, the next, and the one after and I’m scot-free! (Steve-free is more like it!)
I heard the seniors last year talking, and I’ve read on plenty of online forums that college is the start of a new life. You arrive with a clean slate, and nobody knows you from a hole in the wall. That would solve all my problems, especially if I could take Tommy Boots and John with me. Nobody there would know that I’m a complete loser and nobody would pick on me. It would be the start of a new Peter Rubin.
Wait . . . Pete R.
Yeah . . .
~Peter
September 3
Sunday

Oh, God, school starts tomorrow. It’s really here, and this isn’t a dream; it really starts tomorrow. I even said a prayer in church today, in hopes that this year will be better than the others.
The past two days, Tommy Boots, John, and I have been doing back-to-school shopping. 
The first place the three of us went was to Staples over on Grover Ave. It’s a big store with a whole bunch of office supplies. They have chairs, desks, printers, and computers. You name it. (Their computers don’t really aren’t that good, though. You have to go to McCircuits over on Treehallow for that.) At Staples, I picked up a Five Star five-subject notebook, along with a new Trapper Keeper (I had to throw out my old one on the last day of school so my parents wouldn’t see it—that jerk Steve Jones drew a penis on it and wrote some choice words under his art).
Tommy Boots picked up a Five Star notebook, too, his being blue instead of my green. We joked about how if John had gotten a red one then we could have been the three chipmunks. Not wanting to give The Clan any reason to pick on us, John got a blue one. The two blues vs. the green!
John got a Trapper Keeper with a picture from one of the Witch Hunter episodes on the front. I would have gotten one, too, but I know it would only get destroyed. I think Tommy Boots and John understood why I went with just a plain black one instead.
~Peter
P.S.  Wish me luck; tomorrow is D-day.
I almost forgot to mention this: Although we’ve had our school schedules for the past month, we haven’t compared our classes. We thought it might be fun this year to be surprised.

September 4
Monday

It could have gone worse. That’s all I’ll say. I don’t mean to make it sound like anything horrible happened—it didn’t . . . yet—but it can only set the stage for something in the future.
I can feel it.
First off, Tommy Boots and John weren’t in as many of my classes as I’d hoped. Second, The Clan reappeared into my life.
Let me tell you about my classes. First period I have math, which is also my homeroom. Homeroom is just a fancy name for the time where the school takes attendance and informs the students of the events taking place on that particular day, like an assembly, for instance.
Last year, I remember John telling me that the school had announced a fun day. It figures that I had been home sick. I remember this because Steve Jones had been absent the next day. The rest of The Clan doesn’t pick on me too much without him to nudge them along. Just shows that they’re a bunch of drones.
I got off track, sorry. First period is math, and I have that with Mr. Rugerdy. He seems like he’s going to be a good teacher. He’s very energetic and came right out and said that we’re going to have fun in his class, so don’t go falling sleep on him. I respect teachers and would never think of it. Steve isn’t in that class, only Gary Reith (I honestly don’t know how he managed to get into an AP class), so it won’t be too bad. As I said earlier: when they’re broken apart, The Clan doesn’t really bother me.
Second period I have AP Chem. with Mrs. Pastorelli. I’ve had her for AP Bio. last year, so I’m sure this year’s going to be a blast. I took a seat right up front so I don’t miss anything. I like her because she shows lots of videos (at least in AP Bio. she did). I doubt there will be many videos for chem. We’ll probably get to do a lot of cool experiments instead. I remember seeing a bunch of kids last year coming out of the chem. rooms with silver-coated glass bottles. I think this is going to be the best period of the day because Tommy Boots and John are both in my class. They sit next to me. And once again, no Steve!!!
Third period I have either the lab portion of chem. or gym class. The way the school day works is it’s broken up into “A” days and “B” days. On the “A” days I have the lab portion of chem., where we’re actually going to be doing the experiments, and on the “B” days I have gym, where we’ll be switching activities throughout the year. 
Fourth period I have social studies with Mr. Clemmings. He’s tall, skinny, and bald. I haven’t seen him around school before, but that’s probably because he hangs out in the sophomore wing. I swear his head is so shiny you can see the reflection of the lights in it.
I hope I never lose my hair.
I sit next to John in this class, and of course with every good thing there’s a bad: Steve’s in it, too, along with two of his drones: Jordan Saunders and Casey Vector. They sit on the opposite side of the room. They didn’t do anything too bad today, only called me Dough-boy.

Tommy Boots sits with me, while John’s stuck in math with the other math teacher, Mrs. O’Hara. I’m just glad one of my best friends is with me. 
The thing about high school lunch is that there’s no recess. When I first found this out last year, I was pretty upset, but when I realized that it would make it harder for The Clan to pick on me, I praised it. We are allowed to go outside into the courtyard and play handball or catch but that’s about it.
Sixth period I have English with Jordan Saunders and Casey Vector. Tommy Boots and John are on the other side of the school in the language labs, where they both take Italian. The absolute worst thing about this period is that Mrs. Foxwood assigned our seats by alphabetical order, and guess who sits behind me. Yup, you guessed it—Jordan Saunders. Arggg! I can’t win. Today he poked me in the back with his pen.
“Hey, fathead,” he whispered in his wheezy voice. “I just wanted to let you know that we’re gonna have a lot of fun this year together.”
I tried to ignore him. It didn’t work.
“Maybe,” he went on, “just maybe, if you write my essays for me I won’t beat the living piss out of you.” 
A comforting thought.
Seventh period I make my way to the language labs myself. For my language I chose French again, like last year, to follow in my dad’s footsteps. It’s the second year of the four-year requirement, and it’s pretty cool. Apparently none of The Clan are smart enough to get into a foreign language, thank God! The teacher who teaches this class is Mrs. Rugerrielli. She’s nice but also very strict. And, oh yeah . . . I’m not quite sure how to put this, so I’ll just come right out and write it: there’s a beautiful girl that sits in front of me. When we went through attendance, I found out that her name is Bianca White, and she’s new to the school district, originally coming from a town called Leehaven.
Bianca . . . 
I now know what they mean when they say you’ve been struck by Cupid’s arrow. Mrs. Rugerrielli said that we’re going to be doing a lot of group projects so maybe, just maybe, I’ll get lucky and paired up with her. Who knows?
After French, I have health with Mr. Cane. Sadly, Bianca isn’t in that class. I got there extra early and took a seat on the left-hand side of the room, hoping I’d get to watch her beautiful figure and her blonde hair sway in the air as she came walking through the door. But I didn’t. Instead, I got to see the sour pucker of Steve Jones’s face and the sarcastic sneer of Gary Reith’s. After them, John thankfully strode through the door in that familiar fashion of his, bobbing up and down (it’s the weight of his backpack since he refuses to use his locker and totes all his books with him). At least with him in the class, I won’t have to endure the wrath of half The Clan all by myself.
We’re supposed to be learning a lot about the sexual reproduction system in health. It sounds a little nasty, but I guess it’s good to learn about what’s going on “down there.” At the mention of “sexual organs,” both Steve and Gary laughed. A few of the girls around them giggled. How do girls like them? I don’t understand it!
Last, but not least, is ninth period. The elective I chose was home ec. It’s only a half-year elective, but it’ll fill most the gap in my schedule. I had a choice of choosing either home ec. or cinematography, and although cinematography sounds really cool, I’d rather cook (I get hungry towards the end of the day). It was the perfect choice, because guess who’s in my class? Yup! Bianca White! Even her name sounds so pure! 
That pretty much sums up my day. Like I said earlier, I wish I had more classes with Tommy Boots and John, but I guess these will have to do. At least there’s Bianca to look forward to seeing every day. That at least should provide me some drive to endure the thrashings of The Clan.
~Peter
September 5
Tuesday

Day two coming to a close.
It went okay. I can’t really describe it as anything else. We started our introduction on matrices in math and I did my homework in lunch. That reminds me: I have bad luck. Maybe horrible luck. The one free period of the day and I have to share it with Steve Jones. I thought that after yesterday without seeing him, I was Steve-free, but nope, I wasn’t.
Our school has two separate cafeterias—the east wing and the west wing—and they’re joined together by a small hallway where you can pick up and pay for your food. I sit with Tommy Boots in the smaller one (the east wing cafeteria). Yesterday, Steve must have been sitting in the more popular west wing, because I saw him on line waiting to buy lunch today. Thankfully he didn’t see me . . . yet. I wonder how long that will last.
Since it was a “B” day, we had gym instead of the lab portion of chem. and since I’m on a bad luck streak, it’s easy to guess who I have in my class: Steve Jones. 
He didn’t do anything to me today, thankfully, just looked at me and laughed. 
In French, Mrs. Rugerrielli assigned each of us to a character in the role-play from French in Action: Continued. I was some guy named Seaton, who, from my understandings of the story, was the brother-in-law of Adora (Bianca). I wish I’d had the role of Beau, Adora’s husband, instead, because Mrs. Rugerrielli was really into this particular story and made us turn our desks into a circle and act out the feelings of the characters. I got to say about a half a page to Bianca in all, but in that brotherly fashion. 
Although I didn’t get to hold those lustrous eyes in my sight as long as I had wanted to, I still got to interact with her. I was on cloud nine until next period, where Steve Jones started up his taunting.
“Hey, Dough-boy, I see you haven’t lost those jelly rolls over the summer.” 
Gary Reith poured out laughter that sounded like a squeaky hinge. I ignored him, fantasizing about what it would be like to talk to Bianca again. 

September 6
Wednesday

Hey, I know this is a little different with me writing in the morning instead of before going to bed but I couldn’t sleep and I have about an hour to kill. My parents are already out of the house, so I can’t spend time with them. 
School’s going well so far. I don’t feel as depressed as I did last year, and I guess that’s because Steve Jones and the rest of The Clan haven’t really started their tormenting yet. Maybe this year they’ve grown up and matured. I’m sure the fact that they’re not all together in one class has something to do with it, and I’m downright happy for that. I just hope it lasts.
What I really want to write about, though, is Bianca. I can’t get her off my mind. I know I’ve only seen her twice, but she’s not like anyone I’ve ever met before. Well, not met, but seen, you know what I mean. She talks and jokes around with Sarah—the girl she sits next to in home ec.—and she seems like she’s got a great head on her shoulders.
I guess what I really want to say is that if I could have someone like her in my life to share my feelings with, maybe some things would begin to go right. Maybe people would treat me with respect and I could actually speak my thoughts instead of just writing them in this journal. Maybe all I need is someone to understand me.
And maybe pigs will fly.
Do I really think she’s going to have a crush on me? Ha! I wish!
I really do wish, though . . .  :(
I’m going to go make some breakfast now; my stomach is growling. 
Wish me luck at school today.
~Peter
September 7
Thursday

Today John almost got into a fight. It happened during fourth period. I was already sitting down waiting for John and Mr. Clemmings to come in, when Casey Vector came over and punched me in the arm. 
“Take that,” he said. It only hurt a little, but I made it out like it hurt more than it really did. I grabbed at my arm, doubled over, and pretended to utter in pain. If he thought he succeeded in something he might just leave me alone. 
Sometimes I underestimate them. Today was one of those times, because I was being used as a distraction. When John walked into the room he looked over at me and didn’t see Jordan Saunders’s foot. I glanced up and see him go sprawling to the floor. He banged his knee and the papers spilled out of his Witch Hunter Trapper Keeper.
Everyone in class roared with laughter. 
That was when the unthinkable happened. John leaped up to his feet and pushed Jordan! “What the hell was that for?” he shouted.
Jordan looked at him with wide-eyed surprise as he staggered backwards. For a moment I don’t think he understood what had just happened. Everyone that had come into class early saw this and said, “Ohhhhhh” hoping to egg on a fight. 
Jordan’s face was boiling with anger.
“Nobody pushes me!” he said. “Nobody!” He started forward with a venomous look in his eyes, when Mr. Clemmings walked into the room.
“Is there a problem, gentlemen?” 
Jordan dropped his head, avoiding Mr. Clemmings’s gaze.
John was about to say something when Steve shot him the evil eye from across the room.
“No,” John said reluctantly. “I—I just tripped.”
I don’t think Mr. Clemmings believed him because he said, “Take your seats, gentlemen. Jordan, I’ll be keeping an eye on you.” 
I was scared for John the rest of the day. Thankfully nothing happened. The Clan is definitely planning something. Guys like Jordan Saunders don’t let kids like us show retaliation. It gives them a bad rep. Something’s coming. I can feel it . . .
In English, Jordan poked me in the back with his pencil. It must have been the sharpened end because it drove straight into my flesh like a needle.
“Your buddy’s gonna get it when he least expects it,” he said. To punctuate his point he twisted the pencil. I nearly screamed but held my tongue and kept my mouth shut, wincing as the graphite tunneled its way into my left shoulder.
During lunch Steve noticed our table. I wasn’t really paying enough attention to duck when he came (I was too busy talking to Tommy Boots about the last Witch Hunter episode) and that’s when he shoved my head into my peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Tommy Boots looked at him as if debating if he should say something or retaliate like John had. In the end he didn’t do anything. Steve only laughed and turning his back on us. 
Jerk!

In home ec. we split into groups. Instead of getting paired up with Bianca, I got paired up with George Paterson, Reese Pilth, Teddy Weiss, and Jessica Serino. 
But with bad luck comes good: Bianca’s station is right next to ours. So if she ever has to borrow a pot or flour, she can always come to us and ask. I might even get to be the one to hand it to her :)		
~Peter
September 8
Friday

What I guessed would happen, happened. Steve Jones sat in the east wing cafeteria today. Jordan, Casey, and Gary weren’t present—I guess because they have lunch another period—but he had two new recruits with him. One of them was Tim Ridger, and the other was this kid I had French with last year. I think his name is Chris Christianson, but I’m not positive. I didn’t think Steve hung out with them, but I guess I was wrong because there they were, in plain sight, sitting at the corner table, glaring at Tommy Boots and me. Steve mouthed something to Tim, and they all began to laugh.
Halfway through the period, a juice carton soared through the air and struck the wall behind our table. It burst open and sprayed Tommy Boots. The flight of the juice box was followed by a barrage of violent mocking. That kid, Chris, kept shouting out: “Juicy juice, juicy juice, baby’s got his juicy juice!” The rest of the cafeteria burst into laughter. The lunch aide who sits on duty, and whose job it was to watch that nothing like that happened, wasn’t at her post. Figures.
Tommy Boots was absolutely furious, and he stood up, unlike last time. Steve stood up as well and stalked over, standing nose-to-nose with Tommy. 
“You gonna do something, dork?”
Tommy’s mouth was trying to form words, but it looked like he was having trouble getting them out, almost as if his mouth had been filled with peanut butter and he needed a drink of water. Finally he just looked away and gave up. 
“Thought so,” Steve said with an air of triumph. That’s when he turned to me. “What’re you looking at, Dough-boy? You ain’t gonna do anything.” 
The sad thing is he’s right. I’m glad Tommy Boots decided not to do anything too brash either. The Clan already has it out for John, and if both of my friends disappear, then I don’t know what I would do. I swear, one day The Clan’s going to go too far and get what’s coming to them. I really hope someone puts them in their place. 
That was lunch. In English, Jordan whispered, “Juicy juice” in my ear the whole period. Apparently Steve had met up with him in the hall and told him about his most recent assault. I ignored him, barely being able to concentrate on Othello. 
That was pretty much my day at school. Nothing out of the ordinary happened after that. John and I talked in Mr. Cane’s class while he droned on and on about the reproductive organs, and in home ec. I stared at Bianca until the period ended.
When I got home, I re-did my math homework (because it got all wet from the juice) and went over Tommy Boots’s house with John. There, we talked about Jordan Saunders and what we would love to do to him and the rest of The Clan. Do they rent out hired thugs? I wish they did because we would hire some in a heartbeat.
For dinner, I had grilled chicken with some extras, and my parents asked me how school was going. I lied, of course, and said that it was going great. We talked for the remainder of the dinner hour until they went to bed. Maybe it’s just me, but now that I think about it, they seemed more talkative!
~Peter
September 9
Saturday

All right, Saturday! Finally!
I’m extremely happy it’s the weekend, if you couldn’t tell. The first weekend of school!
After dinner and writing in my journal last night, I went back over Tommy Boots’s house. John went back, as well, and we played the Witch Hunter card game and Call of Duty. I swear that game is amazing. If I could be a soldier, like my player, I think life would be a lot cooler. If that was the case, then The Clan couldn’t bother any of us, we’d just use our firepower to keep them away. 
Today John’s mom drove us out to the Bayview Mall again. There, we pretty much roamed around scoping out computer games and books in Barnes and Noble. I used my gift card and bought a book: Lord of the Flies. There’s something about stories that soothes me and, since I’ve started reading, nothing can soothe the hardships of school like getting lost in a good book (that, or writing in my journal).
While we were in the food court, I cleared my throat. “Hey, John, are you worried about Jordan Saunders at all?”
John smiled, showing teeth smeared with burrito. “Me? Na, my brother taught me to fight.” He put down his burrito and pretend punched the air: one, two. “If he wants to start something, I’ll be ready for him.”
I doubted this was the case. I’m sure that’s what he’d like to do to Jordan—heck, I’d like to do the same thing!—but liking something and actually doing it are two different things. I didn’t say that though. What I said was, “Good, because I don’t think he’s forgotten about it yet.” 
“What makes you say that?” Tommy Boots asked. 
“I don’t know. It’s just this feeling I get.” 
Actually, it was a little more than a feeling. Every time I had seen Jordan he gave me an evil smile, as if he was hiding something. I just hope he hides it and never lets it out.
~Peter
September 10
Sunday

Last night was fun. John and Tommy Boots came over for a sleepover. We pretty much stayed up the whole night playing video games. Tommy Boots and John left around two this afternoon, which was about two hours after we woke up for breakfast. Corolla made us bacon and eggs and slipped some cheese in for John. 
Here’s the best part: after they left and my parents and I went to church, my dad talked to me, actually spent the remainder of the day with me! Since Sunday is the only day he and my mom have off, he’s usually spending it with her or finishing up some project of his. Not today! My mom asked him to clean the gutters, but he said that he was taking me to the park to have a catch instead. It’s funny, because when I heard him say it from downstairs, I had no idea who he meant. Yet, when he knocked on my door and threw a glove on my lap—“come on, Petey, have a toss with your old man”—the light bulb above my head exploded in understanding. Without pause, I rammed the glove on my hand and ran down the stairs behind him.
We played in the park for about two hours. It was amazing: me in the park and not having a care in the world if Steve Jones or Jordan Saunders saw me! I knew if I bumped into them they wouldn’t do anything with my dad around. It was great!
I wish every Sunday could be like today!
While playing, my dad brought up his brother Tom (Uncle Tom), Aunt Megan, and their kids (my other cousins). He said that maybe next Sunday just me and him could take a ride out there and spend the day with them. 
“We’ll make it a guys only day. How does that sound?” 
“That sounds great,” I said. And it did. I can’t wait for next Sunday! It’s going to be great! Until then, let’s see how this week unfolds. Hopefully, if things are going the way they seem to be, it’ll turn out good. Maybe I’ll even talk to Bianca!
~Peter
September 11
Monday

Today was a sad day. Olivia Tauson, a fellow tenth-grader, along with Michael Corner and his girlfriend, Beth Richardson, died in a car crash over the weekend. 
Dr. Zamer, our principal, broadcasted over the homeroom announcements that there would be a memorial service for an hour after first period. 
Outside, by the flagpole, the faculty stood in groups with their students. Dr. Zamer stood behind a podium, greeting the teachers and students.
When everyone arrived, he said, “It is with great pain that I announce the passing of three of our students. Students who dedicated their time to extra help and after-school activities.” 
He said more, I was just too upset to remember what it was. I didn’t really talk to any of the three students who had died, but I couldn’t help but think of how their parents must have felt. That has to be horrible, losing your child. That’s a horror I wouldn’t even wish on Steve Jones’s parents. 
Dr. Zamer concluded his speech by saying that each student who wished to lay a rose down by the flagpole and say a prayer in their memory was more than welcome to. He had one of the janitors bring out a bushel of single roses in one of those wheelie carts and stand it by the podium. Following this, at least a hundred students and a bunch of the faculty came forward.
During the procession I saw Gary Reith place a rose by the flagpole. I had no idea then but, as the day progressed, I learned—overheard actually—that Gary had been going out with Olivia.  He was a wreck. His eyes were watery and red and he could barely keep himself from sobbing.
I hope I never had to lose anybody close to me. I don’t know what I’d do.

September 12
Tuesday

She’s my partner!
She’s my partner!
Bianca White is my partner!
Haha!!!! I’m going crazy!!!!!!
I know yesterday was a morbid day for a lot of people, but today changes everything! From bad hatches good, I guess. Let me tell you all about this!
It happened in Mrs. Rugerrielli’s class. Remember how I mentioned that we all had to do that reading thing from the French book? And how I wished I could have been Beau, Adora’s husband? Well this is just as good, if not better. 
Mrs. Rugerrielli assigned us partners to do a verbal interaction. We had to put our names in Henry Rodgers’s hat and pick. Bianca picked my name! I know it wasn’t intentional, but she picked me just the same, and I’m as happy as can be!
This afforded me the opportunity to talk to her for the first time ever (as myself, not a made up character from a French book). We had to decide what type of situation we found ourselves in (a car ride, having breakfast, out to the movies; that sort of thing), and what we would say to one another during our interaction.
Mrs. Rugerrielli made us separate our desks and face one another. Bianca was wearing a pink halter top with white horizontal stripes and pink straps. I nearly died when she swiveled her desk around. Now I know how Tommy Boots felt when he couldn’t get the words out in front of Steve Jones. I know the two situations are completely different but it felt like I had peanut butter in my mouth and I couldn’t talk, no matter how hard I tried. 
“So, what do you wanna do it on?” were the first words she ever said to me. 
I kept replaying the moment, watching as her soft lips repeated those words over and over. A video track stuck on loop, but a loop I didn’t mind watching. I couldn’t help but sit there, not knowing what to do or say. Here was my opportunity to finally talk to the girl I like and I was already screwing it up!
Finally, I managed to snap myself out of my stupor. I swallowed heavily and said, “D-doesn’t matter to me. W-what do you want to do it on?”
My voice cracked embarrassingly and I stuttered. Bianca giggled and covered her mouth. It was the most beautiful sound I ever heard, like a bird’s song. My heart melted, and from that moment on I was in love. 
“Doesn’t matter to me,” she said. “You have any ideas?”
I didn’t! And I knew if I didn’t come up with one soon she’d turn back around. Torturing my brain, I said, “We could do a date to the movies.”
She didn’t even hesitate. “That sounds like fun. I love movies.”
If my heart had been thumping before, it was absolutely pounding now. There was a fluttering in my stomach and my face grew hot. Now that I think of it, I should have asked her what her favorite movie was. It would have been the perfect opportunity to talk to her a bit longer, but I was already feeling the sweat bead on my forehead and I had decided to bail out instead. 
“Cool,” I said in as composed a voice as I could muster, and dipped my head, pretending that I was writing something in my notebook. 
The one time a girl talks to me and I collapse under pressure! God, I’m such a loser!
At the time I had told myself that coming up with the lines would be easy, all I had to do was picture it as a real date. As it turned out, I would be pretty boring on a date—I’d wind up staring, hypnotized by Bianca’s lustrous blue eyes, because I realized I’d have no idea what to say at all. 
~Peter
September 13
Wednesday

I didn’t really write about it last night, but over dinner both my mom and dad continued to be more talkative. They asked about school again and about all my classes. Like last year, I fed them the answers they wanted to hear. The only lie I didn’t make, besides my good grades, was about the teachers. I said that I found them really fun.
It’s true. If it wasn’t for Mrs. Rugerrielli’s verbal interaction assignment I would have never talked to Bianca. Which reminds me: I just got done translating the last of my dialogue for our verbal interaction. 
In French, Bianca and I decided on what to say to each other. I think it might have been possible for me to ask her for her number or Facebook—I could have used the excuse that I needed this information so we could practice our lines—but I was way too chicken. Plus, if she said no, I don’t think I could have taken the rejection. Mrs. Rugerrielli said she’s going to give us some time to rehearse tomorrow anyway. We have until Friday, so I’m sure Bianca and I will do great, even if we don’t get to study together outside of school. I already memorized my lines. It’s just up to Bianca now to memorize hers.
In English, Jordan Saunders poked me again and whispered that John would get his soon. 
At lunch, Steve and his new friends, Chris and Tim, threw parts of their soft pretzels at Tommy Boots and me when the aide wasn’t looking. 
“Let’s just say something,” Tommy Boots said. “They can’t do it any more if they’re in trouble.”
I rejected that idea at once. “No. Think about it: that’ll only make them mad. Do you really want them mad at us? They’re already mad at John, and they keep saying that he’s going to get his.”
Tommy Boots just sighed and put his head down. I think Steve might have been putting rock salt in a straw and shooting it at me like a spitball because something small and hard stung my ear.
I hate them. I really don’t understand bullies and what they get out of tormenting other people. Last year, when I missed the bus and had to walk to school one day, I watched as a kid chucked a container of applesauce out of a car window. It struck this blonde girl that was walking with her group of friends in the side of the face. She screamed out as if she’d been shot and collapsed into a bunch of flowers. How can bullies be so mean?
Which reminds me: I forgot to write that in gym Steve hurled a volleyball under the net into my stomach. It hurt, and I almost threw up. Also, in health, Mr. Cane turned his back to put on a video. When he did, Gary Reith threw a paper airplane at my head. On it was a message I was supposed to deliver to John. I was right: they hadn’t forgotten about John at all.
~Peter
P.S.  My parents were really talkative at dinner again. Things are really starting to look up. First Bianca, and now my parents! Hey, if The Clan stops bothering me, life will be great!

September 14
Thursday

Bianca and I rehearsed our lines today. She’s not quite up to par with her French as I am, and I had to help her out a little. It almost reminded me of my dad’s situation, except in reverse. Which brings me to dinner:
My parents asked a lot about school tonight. I mean a lot more than normal. It wasn’t general stuff like “how was school today?” It was more along the lines of, “So, Peter, how are things going in English class? What are you learning about?” Stuff like that. My mom even asked if John and I talked a lot in social studies. When did she ever ask if John and I talked during class? This brings me to believe that they know something that I don’t. Maybe one of the teachers sent a note home about the other students’ behavior towards me. 
I don’t play the role of the pacifist just because I know I’ll get my butt handed to me if I didn’t, I do it because I don’t want the teachers to be concerned about me. If they were they’d contact my parents. And what do you think would happen if my parents found out that my whole school career was one big joke and that their “beloved” son, their “well-liked” son, was really just a laughing stock that got picked on every day? My world would crumble at home as well as at school, that’s what would happen.
I’m probably just getting nervous over nothing though. Maybe my parents are truly interested. If the school had sent a letter home I would have seen it before my parents did, right? And if that was the case, I would have destroyed it. Corolla puts the mail in the same spot as she always does, and I constantly check it every day before my parents come home and I’ve never found a letter from the school before. So I guess I’m making a fuss out of nothing. Maybe I should just accept the fact that maybe my parents are becoming genuinely interested in what I do now. I just thought that day would never come, that’s all. God surprises us in many ways. 
On another good note, Steve was absent today, and lunch was a smooth sail. Steve’s new disciples didn’t think to do anything without him, although seeing him absent did make me think about what would happen if Tommy Boots was absent. Sure, Steve wouldn’t do anything too harsh with the two of us sitting together, but what if it was just Tommy Boots? Or worse . . . what if it was just me?
In home ec, we learned how to bake cakes. My secret hope didn’t come true. Bianca didn’t come over and ask for flour, but I did get to watch as she stirred the batter. She’s beautiful.
Tomorrow is our verbal interaction and I’m kind of nervous. I’ve got my lines down, but Bianca needed a lot of help. I just hope she can pull through. 
~Peter
September 15
Friday

I can’t sleep, so I figured I’d write instead.
It’s five in the morning right now, but I woke up at four and spent half an hour with my dad at the breakfast table before he left for work. He asked what I was doing in school again and I told him about my verbal interaction. I left out Bianca’s name. I don’t want him to think that I like a girl or anything. I don’t know what I’d do if he tried to give me advice. The last advice Corolla gave completely backfired. 
To get him off the subject, I asked him about work. He said that he had to go to the Marriott today for some conference. He said he had to speak about the numbers. It’s always about the numbers with my dad. If the numbers are good, things must be good also. Those are his thoughts about school, too: if I have good grades, then I must be doing well and having fun. Up until Bianca becoming my partner, that was completely false. 
After talking with my dad, I came back here, in my room, and looked over my verbal dialogue again. I know it backwards and forwards, in and out, in English and in French. If Bianca can pull through, I think we can get an A+ on it. I think she can, too. She’s a smart girl.
I would love for her to be my girlfriend.
Wish us luck!
~Peter
September 15
 Entry 2

I CAN’T BELIEVE THIS!
I HATE my parents! I HATE school! I LOATHE life!
I hate to reopen my entry from this morning, but I have to get my feelings out OR ELSE I’M GOING TO EXPLODE!!!!!
My parents just told me over dinner—OVER DINNER!!! THE ONLY TIME OF MY DAY THAT I REALLY ENJOY—that they’re going to get a DIVORCE!
Just writing that word makes me sick.
I knew they were having problems, but I thought they were working them out. I guess I was wrong . . . 
This ruins everything. 
I honestly don’t even know how to write about this. Now what do I have to look forward to? I had originally thought that maybe, one day, I would meet someone and end up happily married, like my parents. But now I don’t even know if that’s possible. If my own parents can’t stay together then what makes me think that a loser like myself will be able to? 
God, help me.
That’s another thing . . . if God is so omnipotent and benevolent, then why would He let something like this happen? I don’t want to start sounding needy, but why me? I honestly think I deserve an answer to that question: WHY ME? I pray to God EVERY night and have endured countless beatings throughout my life by kids who use His name in vain and this is the thanks I get? I’m really beginning to question His goodness and His plan for my life. 
God, please give me strength to get through this. I don’t ask for much and you know this. Please, please, PLEASE! Give me the strength to get through this.
~Peter
September 16
Saturday

It’s Saturday, and I spent the whole day in my room. I only came out to eat—the little food that I can stand to hold down—and go to the bathroom. About noon, Corolla knocked on my door and asked if I was all right. I told her I wasn’t feeling well and just wanted to lie down. I don’t think my parents told her the news. And why should they? Corolla’s not really a part of our family, only a maid who cooks for me, cleans the house, and more or less raised me! I don’t know if I’m mad or glad that they didn’t tell her. I guess eventually she’ll find out like the rest of the world.
I only hope the kids at school don’t find out. It would just be more gasoline for their fire. 
I honestly can’t believe that my parents are getting a divorce. It still hasn’t really sunk in. And of all days to tell me, they had to tell me on a Friday, completely ruining my weekend. Tommy Boots, John, and I had planned to go out to Bayview again, but nope, not when poor old Peter is constantly throwing up. Who would want a kid like that tagging along? I haven’t told them. I just said I wasn’t feeling well and that I’d see them on Monday. I guess they had the sleepover without me. 
Better off that way.
I don’t feel like writing anymore. Maybe I’ll write tomorrow. We’ll see.
~Peter
September 17
Sunday

You want to know how to make a bad situation worse? Add school to it. I can’t even remember, but I think Mrs. Foxwood is giving us an in-class essay. How am I going to write?
My parents should be home today, since it’s Sunday, but I haven’t seen them. They didn’t call me down for church, and I wound up missing it. I hope God doesn’t get upset with me.
I don’t think I can stand to see my parents yet, anyway, without feeling that sickness creep back into my stomach. Dinner tonight will consist of the Ritz crackers I stowed in my closet. They seem to hold.
I heard the garage door opening early this morning, and I don’t even think my dad’s home right now. He probably went to my cousins’ to get away from my mom. It makes sense now why he told me it would be “just us guys” visiting them. It also means that he knew about the divorce and didn’t tell me. I doubt him and my mom will be spending a lot of time together now that this whole mess is out in the open. I still can’t believe they told me they still loved me and didn’t want this to affect the way I viewed them. Were they kidding? How could this not affect that?	
I just started this entry and already I’m finding myself sick to my stomach. I guess I can’t express my feelings right now. I’m sorry. I can only imagine what joys tomorrow will bring.
~Peter
September 18
Monday

As if things couldn’t get any worse.
Today The Clan finally got their revenge on John. They jumped him right after social studies. I tried to stop them, but Casey Vector punched me in the stomach, which sent me to the floor, cowering in agony. Why doesn’t God answer my prayers?
It happened like this . . . wait, let me start at first period, when Gary Reith eyed me from across the room. Mr. Rugerdy was instructing us to get out our graphing calculators so we could start on the lesson, when Beth Kilterly passed me a note. At first I didn’t know what to think—I was in total shock. Then when she motioned that it was from Gary it all made sense.
The note was simple. It looked like this:

today is the day dough-boy
be ready...

I didn’t know what it meant. Sadly, I found out.
Of course I told both John and Tommy Boots about it next period in chem., but they said The Clan was probably just starting stuff like they always did.  
Turns out they were doing more. In fourth period Mr. Clemmings ended the day’s lesson on World War II and dismissed the class, retiring to his second desk in the back corner of the room. While we were walking out and Mr. Clemmings was distracted, Steve Jones surprised me by twisting my arm behind my back, forcing me out into the hall. 
“Hey! Hey stop! Help Help!” I cried. He just clamped his hand over my mouth and pushed me through the swarm of students. Casey grabbed John and did the same for him. Where were the teachers while this was occurring? Why didn’t any of the students who saw what was happening say something? All I know is that The Clan led us both into the boy’s bathroom across the hall. It’s safe to say that I’m never going to the bathroom in school again, not after knowing what can happen in there. I tried to scream when Steve let me go but my voice was lost in the chatter of the kids from the hall. The sound of it echoing throughout the bathroom will haunt me for years to come.

me do it. Maybe it was all the bottled-up emotion of my parents’ divorce or even the surge of adrenaline from seeing one of my best friends being hurt. Whatever it was, it turned out to be a big mistake, because Jordan came over to me, looked me straight in the eye, and said, “You’re turn.” A second later there was a blur as his fist shot forward. He landed a swift punch in my stomach, sending me to my knees. I felt the air escape my lungs and bile dance up my throat. I held it down somehow and managed to catch my breath. As I was doing this, I was helpless to watch as The Clan punched, kicked, and slapped John. They made it a point to avoid his face. Casey even called out, “Put some ointment on those pimples and get rid of that crap!” while he hit him. 
John took the beating of his life in that bathroom. The Clan swore that if he or I ever told on them they would do this every day for the rest of our lives. As far as I know, John didn’t say anything. I sure know I didn’t.
Since I had lunch next period I decided to stay in the bathroom with John while he cut math and tried to recover. He told me to go down and bring Tommy Boots up. I did. There, the three of us sat: John, writhing and shaking in pain, and me clutching my bruised stomach as we both told Tommy Boots what had happened.
That was my trouble at school, and it’s safe to say that I probably failed Mrs. Foxwood’s essay the period after. My mind just wouldn’t work; all I could think about was seeing Jordan Saunders’s fist crash into John’s body and that malevolent grin on his face as he did it. That . . . and my parents’ divorce.
On top of all this, I now realize why my parents have become so talkative with me during dinner—which I decided to try eating at the table again tonight. It was because by talking to me they didn’t have to talk to each other. It might have even been possible that they were trying to get me to like one of them more than the other. 
I feel so used.
The moment I realized this, I excused myself and “went to bed early,” claiming that I was tired from a long day at school.
If only they knew of my trials. 
And God, they used me . . . they used me! . . . LIKE SOME STUPID PIECE IN A CHESS GAME!!!
I HATE THEM!
UGHHHH!
~Peter
September 19
Tuesday

John seemed a little better today. He said he had black-and-blues all over the upper portion of his body and showed them to Tommy Boots and me. It was pretty bad. They had taken on that purplish-yellow tint. Thankfully it wasn’t noticeable. Thinking back, maybe that’s why The Clan had focused only on his body—the face would surely have shown the teachers what he had been through.
In English Jordan poked me in the back and whispered, “Hey, Dough-boy, your boyfriend feeling all right? Hope I didn’t hurt him too bad.” 
He’s a jerk. After he said that I peered over towards Casey, who was sneering wickedly. I couldn’t believe it! They were happy with what they had done! Probably even happier that they had gotten away with it! 
I need guidance; I really don’t know what to do anymore about them. Gym wasn’t much better, either. Tommy Boots, John, and I had to deal with Steve, who kept aiming the volleyballs at us. One of them smashed Tommy Boots in the head and almost sent him sprawling to the ground. 
I guess I should write about something more positive, but it’s really hard when everything’s so negative. I’ll try anyway:
I saw Bianca in French, but she hasn’t really talked to me since our verbal interaction. Did I ever mention how we did on that by the way? Hold on let me check . . .
No, I didn’t. We got an eighty-five. Not bad, but not great, either. I’m used to getting in the 90s. I don’t like to blame others, but Bianca kind of messed up. She had some trouble on the part about buying popcorn and I had to whisper the right words to her. Mrs. Rugerrielli heard me and said, “No fair helping, Peter.” She’s a good teacher, and didn’t take off any points for that, just for the long pauses and the constant “uhhh”s and “ummm”s by Bianca. And since it was a group project, I had to share the grade.
That was then and this is now. Now she doesn’t really talk to me. Maybe she got word of my reputation or maybe I didn’t try hard enough to start a friendship while I had the chance. I don’t know.  Like I said: it’s really hard for me to talk to girls, and I guess I gave it my best shot. I can’t really see myself striking up a conversation with her now unless we get paired up again for a project in the future.
Looking back on what I wrote, I realize I focused on the negative instead of the positive. Can you blame me though? I don’t think I have anything positive in my life to write about. Which brings me to dinner . . .
My parents continued to talk to me, but not together. I knew they did it only to punish the other to dwell in silence. That silence was maddening, and I felt their pain. Nothing’s worse than knowing you’re the cause of your parents’ anguish, even if it’s indirect. I stayed at the table for the full hour tonight and ate the majority of the food on my plate. I think I learned just about everything there is about their jobs. It’s as if my they’re using me as their psychologist . . .
Which brings me to the major topic we discussed over dinner (I guess I’m already repressing the idea of it). My parents want to hire a psychologist for me so I can “properly cope” with their divorce. A person to hold my hand, if you will—someone other than themselves.
I think the idea is stupid. I don’t trust psychologists, and I don’t want another person prying their way into my private life. He’s probably going to ask questions about school and somehow get it out of me that I get picked on. If he finds out, he’ll tell my parents and the school, and the school would expel The Clan. That would be disastrous. Then The Clan would come after me and I’d be a dead man. 
No, I don’t want a psychologist, they’re nothing but trouble. This journal right here is the only thing I need. It can’t make negative comments and try to analyze me. It can’t question me, and it can keep a secret. Plus, it lets me pour out my thoughts and makes me feel better.
Please, Mom and Dad, no psychologist.
Please . . .
~Peter
September 20
Wednesday

Gary Reith started with me in math today. He kept mouthing “Dough-boy” from across the room and snickering each time I saw him. I wish I can say that he’s just wasting his breath, but I can’t because it really does bother me. I pretty much found myself lost in class after that. My mind kept bringing up his face mouthing those words, and every time I seemed to turn my head, he was still doing it. I hope he fails from not paying attention. Maintaining a passing grade in AP math isn’t that easy. Just the same, I hope my grades don’t slip, either.
John seemed much better when I saw him and Tommy Boots next period in chem. Since we didn’t have gym, it was a Clan-free two periods. My head was still in the clouds, though, and I couldn’t pay attention to Mrs. Pastorelli. Tommy Boots gave me his notes at lunch, and I copied them, so I really didn’t miss a great deal, except for her demonstration on the effects of pure sodium in water. I seem to remember a distant blur of fire but not entirely. Tommy Boots backed up my blurred reality by saying that’s exactly what it had been: a controlled environment where Mrs. Pastorelli had dropped a small tablet of sodium into a beaker. Like I said: I didn’t miss a great deal of anything. When would that type of information ever become useful? Which causes me to wonder about half the other stuff we learn at school. Graphing binomial equations? Learning the events of World War II? Memorizing the periodic table of elements? Unless I’m going to become a professional in those fields I’ll probably never use that information.
I don’t even know why I’m thinking like this—I used to love school. I guess it’s the idea of the divorce plaguing my mind, poisoning it.
Now that I think about it, I should start writing these entries in a good/bad partition. Maybe that will force me to focus on the good parts more, rather then meshing them in with the bad.
Okay here it goes:
Good: English.
Despite the fact that I thought I did horrible on Mrs. Foxwood’s essay, I was wrong. I got an A+. That’s always good, and it goes to show you that sometimes, even though you think the world may be against you, you can still produce something positive out of a negative.
Good: home ec.
My long dreams of Bianca coming over and asking to borrow flour finally came true. Even though she asked Teddy Weiss instead of me, I still got a smile out of it. Maybe she’ll start talking to me again. I hope so. I really need more good things to happen.
Good: lunch.
Steve and his new goons weren’t present on our side of the cafeteria. Even though I saw them on the west wing, they didn’t come over to the east. I guess they were too busy doing whatever they were doing (I did see a few girls gathered around their table, so I guess that’s why). 
To top it all off, Corolla packed me not one, but two peanut butter and jelly sandwiches with a note that said:

You look like

Sorry, I thought I heard someone coming into my room, but it was probably just my mom or dad walking into theirs. Okay, the note said:

You look like lose peso
Comer! Grow!
—Corolla

I guess I lost some weight from not eating lately—although I certainly don’t see it—and I guess she still thinks that kids have to be round as a ball in order to be healthy, but whatever, I ate that extra sandwich. It made everything feel just right.
Now on to the bad . . . 
Bad: health.
Mr. Cane had his head in the clouds and his back to the class most of the time, which allowed Steve to fly another paper airplane at me. This time into the side of my face, just missing my eye. The note scribbled on it was once again for John. It said:

you better keep your mouth shut 
or your gonna get a broken jaw!

It was harsh, straight to the point, and grammatically incorrect. John’s not going to say anything, but by them sending a note it means that they’re scared he will, and when you back a dog into a corner, it usually starts to bite.
Bad: social studies.
Jordan kept pretending to punch himself in the face. I can only guess what this means. Needless to say, I spent the whole period in fear (I most certainly didn’t want a repeat of what happened in the bathroom). Thankfully it didn’t happen. Sometimes, however, it’s the fear you have of something that does more damage than the thing itself.
I’m still feeling down. I think I should have reversed the order in which I wrote, starting with the bad and ending with the good. I’ll have to do that for my next entry. For now, I’m going to go back and read the good parts, hopefully make myself feel better.
~Peter
September 20
Entry 2

You’ve probably already figured out that by me reopening an entry it means that something horrible has happened. It has. Since I only ate half my dinner tonight because my mom and dad were arguing . . . wait did I even write that?
Ugghh, my mind is so lost lately. To make a long story short, over dinner, my mom and dad were still battling one another, and I guess that during one of my dad’s spiels about work my mom got so fed up that she started yelling and shouting at him. I wanted to have nothing to do with this, and by so I ran up to my room, saying I was full. Since I had only eaten half my dinner, I woke up in the middle of the night, starving. That’s when I went downstairs to get something out of the fridge and saw the most horrible sight I would ever think to see in my house . . .
My dad was sleeping on the couch. Seeing this broke my heart.
I had no idea they weren’t sleeping in the same room anymore. How long has this been going on? It made the idea of the divorce exceedingly concrete in my mind. It’s DEFINITELY going to happen now. It wasn’t like one of their earlier fights where they just said stuff to one another and made up afterwards. This one IS serious. And they ARE going to go through with it.
Why are they doing this? Don’t they still love each other? Don’t they still love me? Was any of this my fault?
I thought that if I didn’t say anything, and let them discuss it between themselves, they would come to realize how wrong they were and dismiss the whole stupid idea as nonsense. Now I know I was wrong. Now I know how serious this is. And it hurts. It hurts so damn bad. Like a knife plunged into my heart. And the one who’s twisting it is this entity called divorce, and it is holding hands with my parents . . . smiling.
It’s smiling . . .
~Peter

September 22
Friday

Her name is Dr. White. I kid you not. My parents had Corolla take me to her today after school. What an awesome place to go on a Friday, by the way! (If you can’t read my sarcasm, please note that it’s fully intended.)
 I’m not positive that the psychologist is Bianca’s mom, and there’s no way to be certain unless I do a little detective work, but what kind of a coincidence is that? I felt like punching her in the face because of what she represented (my parents’ divorce), and yet I felt sort of at ease because in some way she might be related to Bianca. She’s either in her late 40s or early 50s and has chestnut-brown hair, a shade very close to Bianca’s. Every time I looked at her, Bianca’s face popped up in my mind.
Before I get off track, I want to mention that I’ve decided I’m not going to discuss anything school-related with this woman—under no circumstances will that happen. As I’ve mentioned in previous entries: it could lead to a disaster. Instead, I’ll just go along with what she has to say, maybe listen and nod in the right places, but never really take her advice. If she wants me to talk to her about my parents, I guess I can’t lie but it’ll never be the full truth, either. How am I to trust a complete stranger with that type of information? How am I to trust her with anything, for that matter? If you think about it, it’s stupid. I honestly don’t see how people can go to these types of people and just pour their hearts out.
I guess in order to fully understand what I felt walking into that office, I have to start from the beginning. So here I go, grit your teeth (or spiral spine) and bear with me . . .
The trip there wasn’t that long—it took us fifteen minutes since it’s only over on Cranberry Avenue—and Corolla played Spanish music the whole way. When we arrived, she asked me if I was nervous. I lied and I told her that I wasn’t. I didn’t want her to see that the whole idea of a psychologist upset me.
When we got to the big white building I slumped out of the seat. The walk to the door was like the walk to the electric chair. With every step, I could slowly feel my heart inching towards my throat. 
Corolla opened the door for me, and I stepped in reluctantly enough.
Dr. White’s office was on the second floor. When I didn’t move, Corolla lightly tapped my arm and told me in her best English that we had to go to the elevators. 
It came out, “Peter, ascensor, elevatored, elevatored, go up to office, 253.” 
I understood what she meant—that we’d have to dance with the devil in a suspended cage of death before meeting the imping psychologist. Living with Corolla has enabled me to have a keen ear for broken English and her poor pronunciations. 
We found suite 253 and I still didn’t notice the names on the nameplate—I was too distraught, looking at my feet, trying to bring my mind elsewhere.
The wait was about ten minutes before my winning nomination, if you will, of walking up and accepting the award of the last sound day of my life. And when my name was finally called, I thought my heart stopped.
“Peter Rubin, Dr. White will see you now.”
God, how those words still echo in my head, playing my brain like a drum set. It was unreal. At that moment I wasn’t on Earth anymore. Instead, I found myself on a rerun of The Twilight Zone.
Once in her office, Dr. White—I’ll never get used to saying or writing that—went on to explain the situation as best she knew it and asked me to fill in any details she missed. She missed quite a few, but I said nothing. I think she did this on purpose as a way to get me to open up.
Very conniving. I didn’t fall for it.
I learned that we would meet every Monday and Friday, and that each meeting would be an hour long. I learned that whatever I say to her will remain completely confidential (a good thing to know, but it doesn’t change the fact that I don’t trust her). I also learned that her favorite color is purple, she likes dogs, and loves to read, like me. That was during our one-on-one discussion of “getting to know one another,” as she put it. I kept mine simple, stating how I liked Witch Hunter, the mall, playing Call of Duty, and hanging out with my friends (little does she know that I only have two). She didn’t ask about them yet, but I know it’s coming. 
I almost forgot to mention that I’m writing this entry earlier than usual because I’m going to sleep over Tommy Boots’s house tonight with John. If I leave early enough I won’t have to see my parents and talk to them about my visit with Dr. White. I’m sure they would have a hundred or so questions to ask over dinner as their little way of avoiding one another. I’m sure I’ll be cornered into telling them sooner or later, but who says I can’t put it off as long as possible?
As far as telling Tommy Boots and John, I decided that I’m not going to. How long can I hide Dr. White from them? I’m not sure. But I’m willing to find out . . . 
~Peter
September 23
Saturday

It’s about three in the afternoon and I just got back from Tommy Boots’s house. I’m home now because once again I want to avoid having to see or discuss anything with my parents. Maybe by me not being home it’ll force them to talk to one another. I mean, they had to do it to hire Dr. White, right? Maybe I can convince them to go see a psychologist or a marriage counselor. 
All I know is that my dad’s the one who comes home first on Saturdays, since his company closes early on the weekends. With that being said, I should probably hurry and finish this entry.
Last night was good. I got to Tommy Boots’s house around 5:30, an hour after Corolla and I got home from Dr. White’s office. When I got there, John was already assuming his position in one of the rocking video game chairs Tommy Boots has. We played a few games and talked about the new and forthcoming Witch Hunter video game. It’s reported to come out sometime this December, and I think the three of us will be the first of hundreds online to buy it.
Tonight I’ll be sleeping over at John’s house. I think next week they’re going to look to sleep at mine, but I doubt that’s a possibility with the impending divorce. What if one of them wakes up in the middle of the night and sees my dad sleeping on the couch like I did? I don’t know what they would think. I’m sure I’ll figure out some excuse for them to have the sleepover at one of their houses instead. 
:::Sigh:::
~Peter
September 24
Sunday

Last night, I went over John’s house and we watched this really old movie on Netflix. It was called Cast Away, and I found it to be amazing. Truly an eye-opener that touched my heart with invisible fingers. It was as if I was Chuck Noland and I had been the one cast away and abandoned on an uncharted island. Sure there were things that talked to me (my parents) the way Chuck Noland talked to Wilson, a volleyball. But were my parents really talking to me, or were they talking at me? I think I feel a little like that volleyball. Sure the movie made it seem like he loved the ball, and it was extremely emotional when he lost it (I hid a tear from both Tommy Boots and John at that one paramount moment), but wasn’t he just using it as a device to keep himself from going completely batty? I think the same logic applies to my parents. I think I’m just there so they can use me to talk at, so they don’t have to talk to one another or go crazy from the silence. It’s a dismal analogy but I feel it fits my situation perfectly.

I missed church because of it, so I prayed in my room instead.
Like clockwork, both my parents came home at dinnertime and complained to one another how no dinner was made. Did they really expect the other to have it made? 
Needless to say, I “went to bed” early tonight to catch up on some “sleep.” Right. . . . it’s here that I sit and write my feelings to you. 
Tomorrow is yet another day in this merry-go-round of aggravation.
~Peter
September 25
Monday

It’s Monday, which means I saw Dr. White again.
It went well, but this time there was no escaping my parents at dinner, and I pretty much fell prey to their questions. The first was from my dad, and it was if I liked her. I told him it’s really too soon to tell, but I thought she was nice. That wasn’t a lie—she really is nice. The remaining questions were from my mom, almost seeming to steal the spotlight from my dad. She asked what we talked about. I told her Dr. White said she’s not allowed to disclose any of the information we talk about, and I felt the same way. I think that answer took my mom by surprise, but she nodded and continued to slurp her soup. I guess the fact that I’m going to see a psychologist makes my parents feel better about having sprung the whole divorce on me. I’ll tell you something weird, though: Dr. White hasn’t even brought that up yet.
On our first visit I was almost positive she was going to come right out and discuss it, but she hadn’t. And on this visit she hadn’t either; she just asked me more about Witch Hunter and Call of Duty. She even played some computer games with me.
She never mentioned my parents once and never asked about school either.
Now that I think of about it, when I was at Dr. White’s I didn’t even think about Bianca, which is odd because she’s been on my mind a lot lately. When I see Dr. White, I somehow forgot about her. Maybe it’s the way Dr. White talks to me or plays games, I’m not sure. Either way, the question is back now and it won’t subside: Are they related?
It’s more than possible for two unrelated people to have the same last name. If you look in last year’s yearbook, you’ll see my picture next to Terry Rubin’s, and I can assure you that we’re not related at all.
Not knowing is driving me crazy!
What I should really be concerned about, though, is Steve Jones . . . 
Steve started with me today at lunch. He had his new disciples with him again, and they were sitting in the east wing. We had our usual table, Tommy Boots and me, and they were sitting directly across from us.
I think Steve’s messages always come in the form of a flying object. Today, he sent another plane my way with something scribbled on it. It was a drawing that looked something like this:

Steve’s version was a lot cruder than mine, and if Steve’s taking art this year, his teacher would probably be very disappointed in him. It doesn’t matter, though. I got the message clearly enough: The Clan was going to focus their attention on me this time, now that John was “taken care of.” 
I knew it would only be a matter of time.
“Why don’t you go to the principal or Mr. Gordon?” Tommy Boots suggested. “He’s your advisor, right?” 
“No,” I told him. “They can’t help me. What if The Clan finds out I said something?”
Tommy Boots sat in thought for a minute. “They’ll be pissed, but they’re going to do it either way. You might as well say something.”
“No, I can’t. Look what they did to John. Do you want them to do that to me? Or worse . . . to you?”
“I guess you’re right,” he said at last.
I knew he’d see it my way. The Clan’s leaving John alone now, aren’t they? Therefore, it stands to reason that if I let them get this out of their systems they’ll leave me alone, too, possibly focus on some other shy person before they start their cycle over again. And it’ll be that in-between period where I’ll have my sanctuary.
~Peter
September 26
Tuesday

I’m almost certain The Clan’s going to let things play out for me the way they did with John—waiting for the most opportune moment—because none of them did anything to me today. I’m wrong. Sorry. Jordan did do something to me in Mrs. Foxwood’s class, but I don’t think it had any reference to the note Steve sent my way yesterday. I think Jordan took this one upon himself.
Since he sits behind me in English, I think he used his placement to his advantage. He even did what he did mid-lesson without being caught. Maybe if I wasn’t so overweight Mrs. Foxwood would have seen what he was doing. But that’s not the case, is it? I guess I’d better stop beating around the bush and just write down what he did already (it’s amazing how you can still be worked up from something that happened over six hours ago).
Here’s what he did . . . what I think he did at least. Remember, I had my back turned . . .
As Mrs. Foxwood was reading “The Raven” from her English Now textbook, I felt a white-hot, blinding pain on the back of my neck. It felt like I had been branded like a steer. It made me jump completely out of my seat and squall in pain. When I turned around to look at Jordan he was just sitting there nonchalantly, holding his pen as if he were taking notes. 
“What?” he asked angrily, as if I had wrongfully accused him of something. 
I think it was the pen that was his artillery. I think he rubbed the tip back and forth on his desk so fast that it became red-hot from friction before he pressed it into the back of my neck. That would at least explain the sudden scraping I heard directly before my unexpected blare of pain. 
At the sound of my scream, Mrs. Foxwood stopped her reading, hastily looked up, and asked, “What happened, Peter? Are you okay?”
“I—uhh—” I took one look at Jordan, saw he’d just deny anything I said about him, saw I’d get no support from any of my classmates, and sighed. “Sorry, Mrs. Foxwood,” I said. “I think I was stung by a bee.” 
“Oh! Are you okay? Do you want to go to the nurse?”
 Did I want to go to the nurse? No, I did not want to go to the nurse: I wanted to rip Jordan’s head off! But I couldn’t say that, so instead I said, “No. I’ll just tough it out.”
This was the wrong thing to say because everyone burst out laughing. I guess the word “tough” was never meant to be used to describe anything I would do. I hate the kids in my class. 
That was my only confrontation with The Clan today. Since it was an “A” day I didn’t have gym, which thankfully deprived Steve the opportunity to aim volleyballs at my head again. He did mock me about my reddened neck in health, however, asking me if I had been “stung by a bee.” 
I ignored him.
Update on my parents:
They seemed the same at dinner. My dad didn’t ask about Dr. White. Instead he asked about school and how it was going. I told him it was fine. Then my mom interrupted and asked about gym class. I told her we’re playing volleyball. (I hate volleyball. Every time I think of that sport I see a big, white, panel-stitched ball go whizzing by my head.) That was it with their questions. Pointless. They don’t really care what I’m doing at school. They just want to make each other mad. 
~Peter
September 27
Wednesday

There was a fire drill during social studies today, and let me tell you that that was probably the worst time it could have happened since social studies is the one class where I encounter the whole Clan together. To make matters worse, John was absent. He’s got strep throat and won’t be coming in for the rest of the week. This sucks. What will I do for the next two days without John in social studies and health? I guess I’ll soon find out.
When my school has a fire drill the teachers line the students up in two single-file lines and escort them out the nearest exit. I soon found myself standing outside on the school’s front lawn caught in a swarm of jabbering students. And in this swarm flew three bees that paid me a visit: Steve Jones, Jordan Saunders, and Casey Vector.
It was Steve who spotted me, I think, because he was the one who came up to me first. It was from behind, as always. I felt something pointy being jabbed into my spine, and when I turned around, I saw that it was the tip of his pen. To the left and right of him stood Casey and Jordan looking like bookends.
“What’s up, Dough-boy? How them jelly rolls doing?” 
I didn’t reply. 
“I’m going to get you. Don’t think I forgot about you.” This time he jabbed his pen into my stomach and Jordan squalled laughter when I doubled over. 
“Look at him,” Casey said. “I think he wants to eat the grass.”

When I didn’t move, Steve stomped on my foot. I would have cried out had Casey not clamped his hand over my mouth. Looking back, I should have bit it. I should have bit it hard. What I did instead was drop to one knee, as if I was tying my shoe, and grabbed a handful of grass. 
All three of them looked at me expectantly. 
Last year, as they were beating me up in the hall just after the late bell rang, a junior stepped in and told them to knock it off. He had come out of nowhere like a guardian angel. I silently wished for that same person or anyone else for that matter to come by now, to stop The Clan from making me do such a debasing act as eating grass. 
Nobody came.
“Well . . . ?” Steve prompted. 
Squeezing my eyes shut, I raised the grass to my open mouth. The smell—a combination of dirt and nature found my nostrils as I drew my hand closer. I cringed. That was as far as I got, thankfully, because at that second the bell chimed, indicating that the fire drill was over. 
I thought Steve would make me eat the grass anyway, but the throng of students was already moving and a teacher might see. 
“You got lucky this time,” he said. “Very lucky.”
“Yeah, saved by the bell,” Casey chuckled. 
“Shut up!” Steve said. “Nothing’s gonna save him next time. I’ll make sure of that.” 
And with that he stormed away, his two goons following behind. 
There was one other occurrence today (not Clan related) that I feel is important to mention. In home ec. I heard Sarah Kimble ask Bianca what her mother and father did for a living. My ears perked up the way a dog’s might. Bianca told Sarah that her father was an architect. In response, Sarah said something I can’t remember. Then, as I strained my ears to listen to her articulate her mother’s profession—Bianca on the verge of saying it, me watching her lips spread apart to show her perfect white teeth—an uproar of laughter muffled her voice. It was like being deaf and watching television. Her lips moved, but without the captions it was useless.
Beside me, George Paterson had egg splatter all over his hand and jeans. When I asked what happened, Teddy Weiss said, “Jessica told George it’s impossible to break an egg in your hand. You know, by squeezing it and all.”
Was he serious? Had something so trivial prevented me from finding out the information I so desperately coveted?
It appeared so. 
What happened five minutes later, however, made me completely forget about it. As I was cleaning up my station, something shiny caught my eye. It was lying on the floor by the station next to ours, in the small gap under the cabinets, as if someone had accidentally kicked it there. When I went over to see what it was I discovered that it was a necklace. And not just anyone’s necklace: Bianca’s! 
I couldn’t believe my good fortune. Somehow Bianca had lost her necklace and I found it! It’s white gold and holds a pendant shaped into the letter B and encrusted with tiny diamonds. By the way they sparkle I could tell they’re both real and expensive. Someone had probably given it to her as a gift: either her parents or grandparents. Giving it back so I could start talking to her again is the perfect excuse I’ve been looking for all this time. 
I didn’t waste a second. I turned to give it to her, but when I did I found that she had already left the room. I rushed out, hoping to catch her, but finding her amongst the throng of students bustling to get to their lockers before the buses was like finding a needle in a haystack. 
That’s okay; there’s always tomorrow. I just hope I don’t screw anything up when I give it back. I’ve got to say something witty and interesting. And I can’t chicken out, either: I need to get her Facebook. This is my last opportunity to fix things between us, to get her to see that I’m not just the loser everyone things I am, that I’m actually a person, too. 
On to my parents:
Dinner was a bit different tonight. My dad didn’t join us; it was just my mom and me. I got his call around seven, before I went upstairs to play Call of Duty, and he said that he was staying late at the office to take care of some work for one of his accounts. He told me not to worry and that he’d be home later tonight, probably after I had gone to bed (which, as it seems, is right because it’s almost midnight and I still haven’t heard the garage door open). He told me to tell Mom that she shouldn’t make him dinner. I don’t know if he intended that to be a sarcastic comment or not, but I relayed the message just the same only to hear her grunt. I think she knows something I don’t. Just the idea of my dad “staying late to work on his account” sounds fishy. I can’t see him cheating on my mom, but when there’s a divorce on the horizon anything’s possible, I guess. 
I still haven’t heard the garage door open yet . . .
~Peter
September 28
Thursday

I sat in French with my hand in my pocket, playing with the chain of the necklace. I nearly drove myself insane the night before, wondering what Bianca would say. Will she start talking to me now? Will she thank me for finding her necklace? Will she be so happy I found it that she’ll kiss me? These thoughts continued to run through my head as I waited in anticipation. It felt like it was a million degrees in the room. I wanted to pull my hand out of my pocket so I didn’t get the necklace all sweaty, but I knew if I did I would begin to fidget, and I didn’t want that to happen either, so I just sat there, waiting. One minute passed, two. . . .  I had gotten to class extra early, making sure I was the first one in. I wanted to be sure that I got there before Bianca so I could pull out her necklace as she sat down and say, “Hey, did you drop this the other day?” 
As she walked into the room I panicked. Suddenly it all became too much to handle and I knew I couldn’t go through with it.
 No! I screamed at myself. This is your one chance! Don’t screw it up! 
Swallowing hard, I looked up and—
Realized that the girl who had walked into the room wasn’t Bianca. It turned out that in my expectation I thought Katie Merlino had been her. In fact, I thought that every girl who walked in the room was her. That is, until the bell rang. 
The warm sensation I had cradled in my chest dropped into the pit of my stomach as I realized she was absent. Now I have to wait until tomorrow to give it back. Another full day driving myself insane, wondering what she will say.
It turns out the whole world was absent today. Bianca and John. And without John, social studies was a throbbing headache. I ignored The Clan as best I could. Thank God Tommy Boots wasn’t absent, too. I don’t know what I would have done during lunch all by myself. Steve and his new disciples would surely have done something to me, maybe drag me into the bathroom and push the replay button on what he and the rest of The Clan had done to John.
As far as an update on my parents: I didn’t hear my dad come home last night. He was at the dinner table tonight, though, and thanked me again for telling my mom that he had to “work late” the night before. He asked me a collection of questions to catch up on what he missed. Maybe it was his plan to do this the whole time, to skip a night of conversation and eat it all up the subsequent day, paralyzing my mom into silence as he swallowed up all forms of discussion. If that was the case, then he failed miserably, because the split-second my mom saw an opening she jumped right in with her own questions or comments, steering the conversation her way. Needless to say, dinner tonight was a power struggle. I finished early.
I’m in my room now. The taste of steak sauce and ketchup still on my tongue, bits of beef from the burgers still stuck in the recesses of my teeth. 
Now that I have the time to think about it, I wonder if my dad even came home last night. Could it be possible that he’s planning another life for after the divorce? My stomach does rolls at the thought. I don’t want a stepmother. I love my own mom. I love my own dad. I want them to fix things.
~Peter
September 29
Friday

What I had always feared, happened: Tommy Boots was absent, and Steve Jones descended upon me at lunch. I knew he had been planning something, but I didn’t know how bad it could be.
I didn’t see him for more than half the period, and I thought that I was getting away lucky. That is until I caught sight of him. . . . With him were his two new disciples, Chris and Tim. Gary was with him, too, probably out on a bathroom pass. 
The moment I saw them, Chris and Tim attacked me. They pulled me out of my chair while Steve led them to the courtyard outside. Once again the lunch aide wasn’t at her post. And if she had been, Gary would have distracted her.
Steve’s two disciples dragged me past the reams of chattering students playing catch and handball, all of whom did nothing more than look and follow as if this was the greatest source of entertainment they’d ever seen. They watched Chris and Tim pull me to the alcove around the building next to the emergency exit. 
I knew screaming out would only make them angrier so I stayed quiet. I didn’t want to give them any satisfaction whatsoever, although I think they got plenty in the end anyway.
Steve said, and I remember this clearly, “Here it comes, Jelly Rolls, you ready? I’m gonna bleed you of your cream filling!!!”
His voice still echoes in my head.
Everyone that had followed laughed. 
I think that’s when either Chris or Tim stomped on my foot again, crushing my pinky toe. Or maybe it was after the first punch (I’m not sure and don’t really want to try to remember). What I am positive about is the savage intensity all four of them used to throw their blows. Since I have a lot of padding I guess they wanted to be sure their punches got through. I can assure you that being fat does not, and I repeat, does NOT, help cushion a blow one bit—skin still bruises, pain receptors still transfer the information, and abrasions still bleed.
Like John, they avoided my face and concentrated on my body. It was horrible. I think I moaned a great deal even though I tried not to. I couldn’t help it. Everything happened so fast I couldn’t keep track of what was going on. 
Worst of all, the necklace that I had been planning to give back to Bianca in French today fell out of my pocket. Steve looked at it curiously and then picked it up. 
“What’s this, Jelly Rolls?”
“Give it back,” I choked, holding my throbbing stomach. 
“Why should I?”
“Because it’s not yours!” 
Steve dangled it in front of my face, and when I reached out for it he yanked it back. “I know you’re a fag, but it doesn’t look like this is yours. You planning on giving it to someone? Your girlfriend maybe?”
Everyone laughed at that. To them, pigs would fly before I got a girlfriend. 
“You already beat me up. Just give it back.”
“Hey, Steve, I think he’s trying to tell you what to do,” Chris said.
Steve’s eyebrows went up, then they came down and together as he fixed his gaze on me. “Let’s get one thing straight, Jelly Rolls. Nobody tells me what to do. Besides, I didn’t beat you up yet.” He drew back his foot and kicked me as hard as he could, chasing the breath out of my lungs. “Now I beat you up.” 
Laughing, he walked away with his goons and the crowd of students following him, leaving me to writhe in pain by myself. 
It took a full five minutes just to catch my breath as I lay looking up at the heavens, wondering where God was. My body ached, but what hurt most of all was the knowledge that I wouldn’t be able to give Bianca her necklace back. 
When I got home, Corolla was ready to take me to see Dr. White. She noticed my limp and asked, in her best English, “Ohh, Peewee, what happen?”
“Nothing,” I said. “I was playing baseball at lunch and hurt my leg sliding into base.” 
Corolla smiled.
“Good job, Peewee. You see, it good to have friends.” 
Right. If people like The Clan were my friends who would need enemies?	
Dr. White also questioned my limp. I think she was a little more disbelieving, but I convinced her in the end. At least I hope I did. She said that it was good to make friends other than your main ones. 
“The richness of a person is not measured in gold but in their number of friends,” she said. 
If that’s the case then I’m probably the poorest kid in Farmsville High School.
She didn’t dwell on that subject for too long—we played the Witch Hunter card game I brought and later I showed and explained the fundamentals of Call of Duty. I guess she bought the game since my last visit. I’m glad that I can at least make a positive influence on one person.
When we finished she ask me if I was happy. At the time it sounded like such a stupid question—I lied, of course, and said life couldn’t be better—but now that it’s had time to simmer I’m beginning to think about it.
Am I happy?
It’s really a two-sided question. On one hand, I guess I am happy for the friends I have, for having parents who love me (even though they seem to be using me more as an object than a person), and for all the books and video games that have been created. But on the other hand, a lot of things could be better. For one, my parents could stay together (or more so, the whole concept of the divorce could have never presented itself in the first place), Steve Jones’s parents could have had a different child, I could have given Bianca her necklace back and she could have a crush on me, and I could be athletic and attractive. In a utopian society these things would exist, but that’s not what the world is. The world is a dystopia, filled with equal measures of both good and evil—add one tablespoon of religion, a pinch of government, mix and serve chilled.
I guess the only thing I can do is wait for my future to unfold and see where it will lead me. I’m sure I’ll do something positive with my life. After all, writing this journal has made me consider the possibility of becoming a writer. Who knows, maybe I’ll try my hand at fiction and see where it takes me.	
On to my parents:
My limp. It was my mom who spotted it first as I approached the dinner table. I repeated the baseball lie and she said that she was proud of me, that it was good to get “physical exercise” during the school day, and how I should do it more often.
Right. I think I had all the physical exercise I can handle for the year.
It’s a good thing that I’m wearing a long-sleeved shirt because, before dinner, I took a shower and noticed to what extent I had been bruised. Both my arms and legs and portions of my mid-region are purple. If my mom noticed she would have never believed my story about sliding into base. 
I think now that my entry is complete I’m going to go over to John’s. He and Tommy Boots are more than likely expecting me. Maybe they can make me feel better.
~Peter
	September 30
Saturday

I still don’t know what I should do about Bianca. I laid awake most of the night thinking about her and what had happened. Should I just let it go and pretend that I never found her necklace? Or should I draw up every bit of courage I possess and tell her on Monday that I found it? If I do the latter she might ask where it is and, if she does, I’ll have to tell her that a kid in our school named Steve Jones beat me up and took it from me—probably to sell for drug money—before I could give it back to her. But then again if I did that it might make me sound more like a loser. 
Ughh! I wish I had never dropped it out of my pocket in the first place, then I wouldn’t be in this predicament!!! 
On another note, I slept over John’s last night. I didn’t expect to, but one thing led to another and by the time we signed off of X Box Live it was already two in the morning. I didn’t want to call my parents since I know how early they have to get up and therefore decided to sleep over John’s without their permission. I thought I would consider it a test to see if they’re concerned parents. With that being said, I’ll state that they failed horribly. Since I close my bedroom door when I’m in my room, and since I close it when I’m not, I don’t think they even knew the difference. 
When I got home the next day it was to find my parents eating dinner in separate rooms. That’s pretty much when I found out they were completely oblivious to my not coming home last night. My mom stopped me on the way through the kitchen and flat out said, “Peter, you came home too late last night. I want you to try to get home earlier from now on.” This goes to show you how often they peek in to check on me. Don’t normal parents do that every so often? I know I would if I had a son or a daughter my age. 
When her words reached my ears, I was struck dumb. All I was aware of was an invisible ball growing in my throat, making it hard to swallow. The ball’s still there now as I write this. Tommy Boots is expecting me at his house tonight, but I don’t think I’m going to arrive any time soon. I need to lie down and think. 
About what? I’m not entirely sure; there’s so much going on right now . . . 
~Peter
October 1
Sunday

It steadily grows worse.
I think God hates me for not going to church. It’s obvious now that my parents aren’t going to go anymore and take me. I still pray on my own, but I guess that’s not enough.
Today, John, Tommy Boots, and I went out to the Bayview Mall. Let me just say that I wish we were older and had cars of our own, because halfway through our visit I desperately wished we could leave.
I can’t even explain how awestruck I was. Steve Jones was at the Bayview Mall—our mall—sitting on a bench by the fountain. Him being there was like having my personal space violated. Nobody we know from school, especially a member of The Clan, is supposed to know about that mall.  
And if that wasn’t enough, Steve wasn’t alone . . .
At first I only saw the back of her head and assumed that Steve made the trip out there to meet with some out-of-town girl. But when she turned to face him, I swallowed my heart. It was Bianca White! And they were TOGETHER!
The feeling I felt is closely related to being stepped on with a sharp pair of cleats. That was nothing compared to what I felt when I saw him reach into his pocket and hold up something that sparkled and caught the light. 
Bianca absolutely beamed at the sight of her necklace and threw herself at Steve, hugging him so tight that it looked like she was trying to squeeze out all of his air. I wish that had been the case, because Steve hugged her back with a big shit-eating grin on his face.   

couldn’t have had any idea of how I felt—how I still feel—because I never told him or John about Bianca or the necklace. To them Bianca’s just another girl falling prey to a member of The Clan.
God, please give me the strength to get through this abomination.
Please give me the strength to find the will to move on.
And please give Bianca the strength to wise up and see Steve for the person he really is.
Please . . . 
~Peter
P.S. To make matters worse, my mom bought me a new baseball mitt. She said that since I was making new friends at school a new mitt would help me improve my skills.
I can’t even tell you how that made me feel . . . 
October 2
Monday

Things just keep getting better. (More sarcasm, of course.)
It’s her daughter. I’m positive now.
Corolla took me to Dr. White’s, as scheduled, and after we played Call of Duty we did something we don’t normally do: We talked. About her. I’m not sure how or why it happened. Either I said something or she did. In either case I was able to determine from what Dr. White told me that Bianca is her daughter.
The similarities are too coincidental for her not to be—the age, the moving into a new school district, and the new guy she was dating. Ugggh. DATING!
I wanted to throw up. That word burned my ears like acid.
I couldn’t believe it, yet I could at the same time. On both accounts: Dr. White being Bianca’s mom and Bianca falling prey to a member of The Clan. I knew that my chances of dating Bianca were slim from the start, but now the chances of us becoming just friends are completely shot as long as Steve’s whispering in her ear.
Love really is blind. 
Bianca’s going to fall head-first for this maniacal jock.
And Steve is going to be the one to recruit this once-empathic-girl into his Clan, the first and foremost of the female division aimed at making my life a living hell. Just watch. 
All is lost.
~Peter
October 3
Tuesday

Dinner was horrible tonight. In fact, my parents are still downstairs eating. I just couldn’t stand to sit with them any longer. My mom was talking to me about school when my dad interrupted, asking his own questions. She got angry and told him to “shut his trap.” And since they don’t hide their emotions anymore, he did the opposite—he screamed at her. I sunk down in my chair, wishing that I could turn invisible. 
The only thing I could do was leave.
So here I am, in my room, while my parents continue their argument downstairs. I think the only way to escape their fighting is to lose myself in writing . . .
Today, I saw Bianca walking with Steve in the hall. To make matters worse, they were holding hands. She was even doodling on her notebook in French class, as all girls who are in love do, and you don’t even need three guesses as to whose name she was writing in those hearts. “Love’s” such a strong word in this case, so I’ll only use the word “crush.” As in I hope she crushes Steve’s heart when she realizes how much of a jerk he is!
I think if I ever saw them kiss, I would throw up.
To think I wanted to marry Bianca. How could this once-dreamed-of bride of mine want to go and get hitched up with a jerk like Steve? What could she possibly see in him? I know I can’t compare in looks, but come on, the guy has no personality. He’s 



October 11
Wednesday

I don’t even know how to begin this entry. So many things have happened since I last wrote that I think I almost went crazy without you. An atomic warhead crashed and vomited its radioactivity upon me when I saw you in Steve Jones’s hands. Suddenly all the air whooshed out of my lungs and my stomach twisted into a pretzel, forcing me to double over, fighting to suck in breath.
Thank God I got you back. . . .  No, let me reconsider that. . . .  I HATE God. Better yet, there is no God. I got beaten up again and was left lying face up, staring at the sky while my body throbbed in pain. How can god exist if he lets such horrible things happen to good people?  
He can’t. And if he does, the bastard absolutely hates me.
If he existed, you, my journal, would not have fallen into Steve Jones’s hands; god would have intervened and done something to prevent that. I should blame myself for this, truthfully, but if god was as benevolent as they say he is then he could have done something to prevent it. The thing is . . . he didn’t. 
Ugggh, just looking at what those jerks did to you brings tears to my eyes. They leafed through my deepest and darkest feelings! They ripped your pages and wrote on others. I think they even peed on you. And they read you . . . THEY READ YOU!
Somehow that’s the worst of all. 
They read you!
My life as I know it is over. My deepest darkest fear has come true. All my secrets have been dispersed throughout the student body, and I’m now the laughingstock of Farmsville High School. Most would want to be remembered for the rest of their lives as one scribbled down in the books for ages to come, but it’s reverence they strive to achieve, not humiliation.
My life is over.
And I have nobody to blame but myself, which is the worst horror of all. If I could place blame on someone else, I wouldn’t feel as bad, but I can’t. 
The last time I saw you, my journal, was when I was writing last Tuesday. If I flip back a few pages I can see exactly where I left off and could probably finish that entry, although what would be the point? Life changed, and so has my views about it. 
Here’s what I think happened: As I was writing the October third entry, I heard footsteps coming up the stairs. As I’ve written before, my mom and dad knock before entering my room. This was not the case that night. I judged by the intense plodding that to whomever they belonged was not going to stop at my door; instead they were going to barge right in! 
As the doorknob started to turn, I froze. I didn’t know what to do with my journal, so I did the only thing I could think of and tossed it in my backpack, which was open on the bed. I, of course, had every intention of taking it out—I would never even think about taking it to school—but my mom burst into my room, a cataract of tears. I had no idea what to think, and when I asked her what was wrong, she said, “Your father hit me.”
“He—” I nearly choked on my tongue. “He hit you?”
“He hit me, Peter! He hit me! Can’t you see why we’re getting a divorce now? He can’t control his actions.” She went on to explain all the horrible things he’d done to her during the marriage, all of them news to me. 
I had never once seen my father lose his temper, therefore I don’t know how much of what she told me was true. Either way, it still didn’t change the fact that she was a sobbing mess. I comforted her as best I could, and by the time she left it was late and I went to sleep. In all the excitement, I had forgotten I’d hidden my journal in my backpack. 
 I had forgotten. 
At some point the next day I must have somehow lost the very book I now write in . . . or maybe Jordan Saunders took it out in English class. I’m not sure. I honestly don’t even know how I didn’t see it when I threw in my lunch and zippered it up. It just goes to show you that the mind can be oblivious to things.
It was only when I came home and tried to write that I was stricken with my worst fear ever: I didn’t know where I had put my journal. I tore my room apart looking for it. I remembered how my mom came in to my room the night before and how I threw my journal in my backpack, but I was sure I had taken it out. I even searched my bag when I realized it was missing. My mind was racing. I looked for it for hours on end. Hours! My search yielded nothing. 
I believe it’s true to say that my hopes and dreams were crushed that very night.
I didn’t find out until this Thursday—the fifth—that Steve Jones had it, you, the whole time. As I was sitting at lunch with Tommy Boots, that bastard stood up in the middle of the east wing cafeteria, cleared his throat, and thumbed open the page of a book which I immediately recognized. He began to read. My heart stopped. I didn’t think it would ever beat again. Steve was reading my journal, announcing its inner secrets to all who would listen. I can’t even write what I did next because I honestly don’t remember. I might have fainted or blacked out or I might have just sat there with big gaping voids as eyes. Next to me, Tommy Boots put two and two together and realized that Steve Jones was reading my journal. He never asked why I didn’t tell him that I had one, only saw my face and understood all.
He even tried to get it back. I remember that clearly and can’t thank him enough for it—he had gathered together all his courage and went to face his greatest fear for me. Tim Ridger and Chris Christianson grabbed him and that pretty much ended his futile attempt. The lunch aide was reading her paper and didn’t see as the two of us were dragged outside to that familiar alcove by the emergency door that I have come to know and hate. There Steve and his friends introduced us to their fists. 
The next day, before Mr. Clemmings entered the room, most of The Clan was sitting, not in their seats across the room, but in those around mine. And on top of my desk, perched like a hood ornament on a car, sat Steve Jones, my journal in his hand. He read from it like it was story time. When he saw me, he sneered, ripped half an entry, crumpled it up into a ball, spit on it, and threw it at me. I could do nothing but stare dumbfounded as he put voice to my inner secrets.
I saw Bianca in the hall that week clinging onto Steve more and more. One of the times my journal was splayed open between them. 
Later that day, I could barely find the strength to go to Mrs. Rugerrielli’s French class. When I did, I was late. Probably not the smartest thing because everyone always looks at the late person. As I walked to my desk, making sure to keep my eyes downcast, I saw out of the corner of my eye that Bianca was watching me. In home ec., she was downright staring.
This Monday, Gary Reith had my journal in his possession during health. I saw him doodling in it with a marker. I tried to keep my eyes from watering, but I failed. John noticed, and I thought he’d try to comfort me. Yet when Gary handed my journal back to Steve, and he began to read the entry where I mentioned that my parents call me Peter Rabbit, John laughed. I couldn’t believe it.
I turned to him in an instant. “Are you serious?” 
Steve ripped another page out of my journal and threw it at me. “Stuff it,” he said. “Maybe your friend has a sense of humor, after all, unlike like that other fag you hang out with.” 
I didn’t know what to say, so I kept quiet. After class, I asked John, “Why did you laugh?” 
“I didn’t,” he assured me. “Well, I mean I didn’t mean to. I was laughing at something else.”
“What were you laughing at?”
“Something my brother did the other day.” 
Right. Like I believe that. Something’s happening, and I don’t know what it is. I saw Steve come up to John in the hall yesterday asking, “Why do you hang out with those losers anyway? You know, if you dropped them, we wouldn’t pick on you so much. You stood up to Jordan, you’re actually cool.” My legs stopped working and some kid bumped into me from behind. John would never drop Tommy Boots and me as friends. Never! 
All this happened in 
Sorry, I dripped a tear on you. I just can’t help thinking about how seeing Steve with John made me feel. 
I’m worthless . . . 
That’s why it came as a total shock when Bianca turned around to face me before French started. I thought she was going to say something mocking, just like Steve does, but she had a sad look on her face instead. Her eyebrows were pushed together and her eyes were wide.
“I’m sorry,” she said in an almost inaudible whisper. At first I didn’t believe my ears. Was she serious? Had she really said that she was sorry? I opened my mouth to try to reply but found that I couldn’t. I think she sensed this because she spoke again, saving me from embarrassment: “I’m sorry for what Steve did; it wasn’t right. I can get your journal back.” 
I had to blink at this. Get my journal back? I would do anything for that. Maybe, after seeing what Steve had done, she finally realized how much of a jerk he was. Or maybe she remembered how she had worked with me on the verbal interaction and felt sorry.
“Meet me in back of Carvel after school,” she said. “Come alone.” She looked around furtively as if making sure nobody was listening. “And whatever you do, don’t tell Steve, okay?”
After having heard such generosity I would never do such a thing. I agreed immediately. I had so many questions. Did she break up with Steve? Had he cheated on her? I wanted to know how she would get my journal back and was about to ask, all these questions on the tip of my tongue, when Mrs. Rugerrielli made everyone face the front of the room so she could start the class.  
I thought I could ask Bianca in home ec., but it turned out that every time I went over to talk to her she was busy talking to Sarah. I was too embarrassed to interrupt them, so I pondered the situation, dreaming about our meeting after school. 
Home ec. seemed to drag by. Finally, when it was over, I tried to rush out to catch up with Bianca, but the second she stepped into the hall she disappeared, almost as if a magician had dropped a silk scarf over her and whispered some magic words. 
My heart began pounding then, as it was pounding when I rode to Carvel. Thousands of thoughts rushed through my head but none of them seemed to stick. All I could envision was having my journal back in my hands. 
I parked my bike in the back and stepped off. Before I could even put the kickstand down there was a rustling from one of the bushes. I immediately realized how stupid I had been—I was behind a building, blocked from the view of the street, alone. My legs began to tremble and it felt as if they had turned into rubber. Running or hopping back on my bike would be an impossibility. I berated myself for not having asked Tommy Boots or even John to come with me. If Bianca had lied and it was Steve and the rest of The Clan behind that bush I could kiss my life goodbye. I couldn’t tell you how much of a relief it was when Bianca stepped out instead. The terror on my face vanished. I was safe. 
“Thank God,” I said. “For a minute, I wasn’t sure if—”
The rustling of the bush didn’t stop. Soon another figure stepped out from behind. 
“So,” Steve said mockingly, “you like my girlfriend, is that it?” My stomach dropped and my knees unbuckled, sending me to the ground. There was a hideous smile on his face. I couldn’t do anything but stare. My eyes felt like they were melting as they darted back and forth. First from him, and then to Bianca. It took a full minute to comprehend what had happened: I had been tricked . . . by the girl I loved. 
“Well, how’s this make you feel?” He reached for Bianca and pulled her close to him, giving her a big sloppy kiss. Just the sight of where his hand went and seeing his lips touching hers made me want to scream out in rage. How could she let him do that? How could she like him? How could she have done his bidding and tricked me after we had worked together and she had seen how nice of a person I was? 
When he broke the kiss he said, “Get used to it, Jelly Rolls ’cause you’ll never get a girl like her. Ever. In fact,” he added, “you’ll never get any girl, because no girl wants to go out with a fatass like you.” 
I couldn’t do anything but stare at Bianca in disbelief. She had been corrupted so fast. A faint smile of accomplishment twitched on her face when she looked at me. It was the last thing I would have ever expected. And it was that smile I was staring at as Steve descended. 
All this happened from the third of October up until today. Thankfully—I don’t know how or why—I found you, my precious journal, lying under the lunch table when the cafeteria cleared out. Maybe irony struck and Steve lost you the same way I had. I’m not sure. All I care is that I have you back so I can write this:
I honestly don’t know what to do anymore. I think there’s only one option left for me—one way out. And that’s suicide. Since I don’t believe in god anymore, I don’t consider it a sin now. Would the world really miss me? I doubt it. I can’t do it at home, it wouldn’t leave a big enough impression, and I wouldn’t want my parents to find my body. It’ll have to be at school. I’ll have to write a note and explain why, explain how Steve and The Clan—especially Bianca, the girl who I loved—drove me to this decision. Maybe my death will save someone else from the torture I have endured. It’s the only way to stop this pain festering on my soul.
Goodbye . . .
~Peter 
October 12
Thursday

It’s so hard.
The thought of suicide is both soothing and frightening. I’m not sure I could even bring myself to do it or, if I could, find a means to accomplish it in a way that would make a statement. Another one of life’s paradoxes.
In chem., I spoke with John and told him I saw him walking with Steve. At first I think I caught him by surprise, but he covered it up when he told me, “I was walking with him.”
“Wait, what? You admit it?”
“Why would John lie?” Tommy Boots asked. 
“Yeah,” said John. “Steve just came up to me and started talking. What was I supposed to do? He said he wanted me to start hanging out with him.” 
My chest started to get all warm. “You said no, right?”
“Actually . . . it gave me a really good idea. What if I can get in with The Clan? Then they wouldn’t pick on us anymore.”
I looked at him as if he had five heads. “Are you serious?”
“Wait . . .” Tommy Boots said, “that might not be such a bad idea.”
“Are you kidding me? Am I hearing this right? You want John to start hanging out with The Clan? Did you ever stop and ask why they would want to let John into their little club, or whatever they like to call themselves?”
“Well no, I—”
“What would they have to gain?”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” John asked. “That I’m not important or anything?”
“No!” I tried to reassure him. “I just don’t like to idea of you being all buddy-buddy with them, that’s all.” 
I could have told them what had happened to Bianca, who had gotten all buddy-buddy with Steve. Or if I mentioned that Steve had beaten me within what felt like an inch of my life behind Carvel, John would have thought differently, but I couldn’t bring myself to speak of it. Instead I said, “I don’t mind if The Clan picks on us. I’d rather that than have them think you’re their ‘friend.’”
 We might have talked more, but Mrs. Pastorelli asked us not to talk while she was teaching. 
The period after, before Mr. Clemmings came into the room, I was hit directly in the eye with a spitball. I’m not talking about the eyelid or the lashes but right on the cornea. There was a sharp, stinging pain and I closed my eye immediately. It turned beet-red and stung for the rest of the day—still stings now. 
As if this wasn’t enough, Steve Jones, Jordan Saunders, and Casey Vector, shouted, “PETER RABBIT!” at the top of their lungs and brayed unstoppable laughter.
I felt my face flush red. They had gotten that out of my journal, along with plenty of other things. 
The only good thing was that the class wasn’t full yet and I wasn’t completely humiliated. I shot John a glace and he looked away. I don’t think his plan is to benefit me at all, but rather to benefit himself. I think he might have found a small aperture in the high school caste system and is going to slither his way through its slimy walls by any means necessary, even if that means playing Brutus and stabbing me in the back. I think James, his older brother, might have given him the insight to do this. I keep picturing John laughing as Steve read those words—Look how our Peter Rabbit is growing up!—and my heart keeps sinking. Aren’t your friends supposed to stand by your side? To support you by any means necessary? I hope I’m just talking crazy and none of this is true. Who knows? And who knows if John’s little plan is even possible. Let’s say it is. How does he think they’re going to treat him? Certainly not like one of their own. More like a lapdog. 
I hope everything works out. If god existed I could pray to him, but he doesn’t and, if he did, he wouldn’t hear my prayer anyway . . . 
~Peter
October 13
Friday

Friday.
Friday the 13th.
The date says it all.
I’ve stopped caring. Actually, that can’t entirely be true. If it was, then I would have stopped writing as well, and I haven’t.
Today I had to go see Dr. White. Before I talk about my time with her I want to recap school. In math, Gary Reith flew another of The Clan’s famous paper airplanes over to me. When I opened it, it was to see a picture that looked like the rabbit they drew in this very journal (they’re never going to let me live it down). The one with the caption that read KILL YOURSELF!
How can somebody who lost their girlfriend in a car accident be so inconsiderate of other peoples’ feelings? 
Bianca was absent today. I found myself able to see the board clearly in French. I like it better this way. No seductress to cloud my thoughts throughout the period. 
We had a surprise quiz, and despite the absence of the temptress, I think I failed it. I haven’t been studying since I lost my journal, and everything academically-related has gone south. 
Dr. White asked me if I was feeling okay when I visited her. She said that I looked distant. Yeah, if only she knew how distant I really was, that I was contemplating suicide at the very moment she conversed with me. I wonder how she would have taken that if I told her. I bet she would have been utterly surprised. Now that I think of it, maybe I should have, maybe she could have helped. I doubt it, though. She’s just another grown-up that doesn’t understand. 
I’m torn between the decision of whether or not I should go over Tommy Boots’s house tonight. I had originally told him that I wasn’t feeling well but, when he said that John was out with his grandma and that he would be bored alone, it almost made me change my mind. I didn’t want to go at first because John would be there. I still don’t know what to think about him hanging out with The Clan, and I don’t really feel like seeing him right now. I was about to say yes when the thought struck me . . . his grandma? It’s ten thirty on a Friday night. The old lady would be sleeping. Instantly Steve Jones’s face popped into my head, and I told Tommy Boots I couldn’t go over his house, that I had to throw up. That wasn’t a lie. 
John hanging out with Steve Jones outside of school? Was it possible? I don’t know.
I hope not.
Despite my sickness, my stomach is still grumbling for food. I can’t go down to the kitchen, though, I just might see one of my parents on the couch again and that might drive me to do the unthinkable. That, and the mental image of Steve Jones . . . 
~Peter
October 14
Saturday

Today was a “thought” day. I didn’t go out and didn’t pick up the phone when I saw that it was Tommy Boots calling. I think I’ve drawn inside myself. And what could you expect? If you were going to kill yourself, wouldn’t you draw away from the outside world, too? One less thing to miss and remember.
My thoughts are rocking back and forth and are becoming more disturbed than a long-tailed cat in a room full of rockers. I never thought like this before in all my life and it’s scaring me. 
Life.
Death.
Life.
Death.
The words are the direct opposites of one another. One is so final while the other is so continual. Which one do I choose?
I’m swimming in a pool of thought right now.
I’m confused.
I can’t swim.
There are no life preservers.
I’m drowning . . .
~Peter
October 15
Sunday

I believe I’ve made a decision.
It didn’t come all at once, and it’s still not definite, but reading my journal from the first page to the present and looking at the condition that has become of it and remembering the pains that I have endured, one thing is clear: I didn’t put myself in this situation—someone else threw me into it.
Even though I’m fully aware of the fact every man is not born equal, every man is still born with a clear mind. My mind has been poisoned with countless episodes of maltreatment ever since the fifth grade, and it has occurred to me that it’s something of amazement that I have endured it for so long. Maybe I’ve drawn into myself and avoided talking to my fellow classmates because of it, but I have never had an outbound rage to hurt them or myself . . . that is, until now. It’s very confusing and I don’t make sense to myself anymore. All I know is that one thing is standing out in flashing red lights:
I must do something.
I had originally left the drawings on the blank pages because I didn’t think I could stand to rip a page out of the one thing that has helped me cope with my feelings. Now, I leave them as a reminder of what I must do, as courage to go forth and not back down. There are bullies everywhere, making fun of people, throwing applesauce out car windows, beating people up. Someone has to stop them, and that someone has to be me. I must act like that junior and fight for those who are weaker than me. I must do something to get back at The Clan. I’m not sure what, but I’m positive that’s what has to be done. My reputation and life may be ruined, but I can help others. Others, whose lives have yet to be destroyed by people like Steve Jones. 
I don’t know where this sudden burst of courage came from. Maybe it’s because I’ve lost everything (my reputation—as little as it was—the girl I liked, my parents’ love, and quite possibly one of my best friends), and it’s only after we’ve lost everything that we’re free to do anything. All I know is that I must utilize this courage while it’s there. I must grab the fire with my hands and hold onto it, despite the layers of melting flesh. I must grab it before I lose it and can never grasp it again.
I must do something.
But what?
~Peter
October 16
Monday

That asshole tripped me today, and I got up and walked away. I know something is coming, something big, but I’m not sure what it is yet. The only change is that it’s going to be coming from my side this time and not his. I can feel it curdling my blood. Rage is the word I’m looking for. It surges through my veins each time I think of him, each time I see Bianca and him together. 
Today, I saw them kissing in the hall, and I wished someone could have tripped into them and made them bite each others’ tongues off. She snickered as I sat behind her in French and I think I heard her whisper “Pee-wee” as I sat down. She hasn’t yet, but I’m almost certain either she or Steve will bring up the fact that I’m seeing her mother—it’s only a matter of time before that little piece of information gets spilled: Peter Rubin, the kid who sees a psychologist.
I’m finding that my usual way of coping doesn’t ease my pain anymore. I’m finding myself drawing all my depression into a rage. A rage filled with wicked thoughts.
It works. It feels better.
Tonight, before this entry, I wrote my very first work of fiction. It’s short, even compared to that of E.A. Poe, but it quelled my anger. Here it is:

STEVE JONES GETS WHAT HE DESERVES
BY PETER RUBIN

Steve Jones, a bully at Farmsville High School, sat in the pale blue chair in the east wing of the school’s cafeteria. He sat next to his two disciples, Chris and Tim, and his goal for the day was to pick on one student and one student alone: Peter Rubin. 
Peter is a quiet boy who is often overlooked in the high school. Once or twice the bullies pick on him, but most often he keeps to himself and writes his thoughts in his journal.
One day, when Peter was eating and writing in his journal—pencil in one hand, plastic fork in the other—Steve Jones came up to him and tried a hand at his bullying. 
“Get up, Jelly Rolls, you’re going outside.”
“I don’t want to go outside,” Peter told him, knowing full-well what would happen if he did.
“C’mon, Jelly Rolls,” Steve shouted. “Get your jelly-gut outside and come look at the sky.”
“No,” said Peter. “I won’t.” And in that instant Peter thought of the Three Little Pigs. I won’t. Not by the hair on my chinny chin chin.
In Peter’s mind, he was one of the little pigs and Steve Jones was the Big Bad Wolf. He had come to blow his house in. Peter couldn’t let the wolf do that, for his house was his journal and his journal was his house.
Steve whined and whined and shouted at Peter until his voice was hoarse, yet Peter did not budge from his seat. His hands had taken a white-knuckling grip on the pencil and the plastic fork and his teeth had begun to grind, but he still would not move.
It was then that Steve decided he would try his luck at reaching for Peter’s journal.
A hand stretched out and groped the journal’s spine. To Steve the touch must have felt like magic, like unclasping a girl’s bra for the first time. It must have been that way because it was something that was forbidden.
No sooner had Steve’s fingers made contact, then they drew back in a trail of blood, for Peter had gouged a deep hole in Steve’s forearm with his pencil. Steve wailed in great pain and groped at the pencil. It was then that Peter stood up. With his free hand he clasped the back of Steve’s head and plunged the plastic fork into his eye. Viscid goo exuded, spilling onto his cheek and the bridge of his nose. His cries became a ululation of both pain and surprise. He floundered about the cafeteria, blinded by the stinging. He stumbled over a chair and fell to the floor. The fork pushed deeper into his head and into his brain.  
The last words that Steve muttered before he died were: I’m sorry.

I know it sounds very dark, but it made me feel better. If only something like that could actually happen to him. Not so horrible—
No! As horrible! Maybe even worse! He deserves it. He has single-handedly ruined my life. I will not let myself forget that. Just as I won’t let myself forget that Dr. White is still a psychologist. 	
Today she asked me about school instead of playing games. This was the first time she’s done this since I’ve been seeing her. I had originally thought she was tiptoeing her way around the mental barrier I had erected, but as the sessions progressed, and she didn’t question me on my parents, I had simply assumed that she was lazy and found it easier to play games instead. Now I know better. She was tiptoeing since the beginning, first gaining my trust, then preparing to strike. Waiting like a snake in the grass.
I wasn’t ready to tell her anything.
When she asked about school, I lied.
~Peter
October 17
Tuesday

Before dinner, I discovered something I wish I hadn’t. I’m not sure why I was looking, maybe it was my inquisitive nature or my newfound way of coping with things, I’m not sure, but I looked and I found evidence. I’ve read that “if you don’t want to know, you shouldn’t look” (peek not through a keyhole, lest ye be vexed), and now I find the truth in that saying.
What I looked at was my dad’s cell phone. It was on the counter in-between the den and the kitchen like it always is at night. When my dad went upstairs to change before dinner, I took it. Looking at it, I found numerous calls received and made to a woman named Miranda. Who the hell is Miranda?
My dad’s cheating on my mom. It’s the only logical answer. I’m just thankful I didn’t check the pictures. I don’t think I could have dealt with seeing this person’s face if she happened to be on it. In all probability, it was, and it’s my guess that this is whose house my dad was at the night he had to “work late.”
Dinner was just as horrible as finding that woman’s calls on my dad’s phone. I didn’t touch the cabbage stew my mom made, instead I kept thinking back to that one name, trying to draw a picture from it: Miranda.
I wonder what would have happened if it had been my mom who saw the name instead of me. Would she have actually plunged her fork into my dad’s eye the way I shoved it into Steve’s in my story? I don’t know. The only thing I know is that I’m torn between emotions.
This man is my dad. I love him, yet I hate him. I feel empty. There’s not even a rage at this point anymore. I’m once again indifferent.
I am an empty vessel . . . 
~Peter
October 18
Wednesday

That bastard drove me to do it! He heaved a volleyball directly at my head, and it smashed into the side of my face, turning it bright red. Everyone in class laughed, and I felt anger surge through my veins. That’s when I did something I never thought I’d do in my entire life: I fought back. Only Steve saw me coming and planted a foot out. I fell face-first over it. My chin collided with the gym floor and I bit my tongue. I can still taste the blood in my mouth (it tastes like I was sucking on a penny). And if I move my tongue against my teeth, I can feel the part where the raw skin is.
Everyone laughed at me. They all pointed and laughed, and that only made my rage deepen. I couldn’t do anything. My life was lost. Or so I thought . . . 
That’s when I was struck by The Idea a period later in social studies. It came to me when Mr. Clemmings asked us to open our notebooks. As I flipped past the beginning pages of the year, more specifically past the notes on World War II, a single name stood out:

ADOLF HITLER
	
Hitler had caused so much trouble in World War II with his genocide and anti-Semitism, but he had still led the whole Nazi party at his command. He had drawn them up by the sheer implement of speech. If this man could speak out and convince a whole nation to follow his orders then why can’t I? 
I’m not talking about genocide or even a single killing—even though I would love for Steve Jones to fall down dead—but maybe I can learn something from the crazy man with the tiny moustache.
After school I endured the grueling task of pedaling my bike to Barnes and Noble, where I bought Mein Kampf, which stands for my struggle in English. 
If only Hitler knew of my struggle.
Now I stare at his autobiography upon my bed. I feel almost morally wrong for buying something that a sick, malicious deviant wrote, but he probably had reasons behind his actions, as I do. I’ll start it at the close of this entry and will probably find out what those reasons were, as well as enrich my mind on how one man could possibly control a whole country of soldiers, and turn them against a whole group of people. I only need to turn my school against four people. On second thought, throw Chris Christianson and Tim Ridger in there, too. Six people. I need to turn my school against six people.
It can’t be that hard.
Teach me, Hitler . . . 
~Peter
October 19
Thursday

School sucked, and I found out in French that I had been walking around the hall between periods with three pencils stuck in my curly hair. My guess now is that Jordan did it in English since he sits behind me. At first I had thought the kids were snickering because of what Steve had said when he read my journal, but as I walked on I became more curious. Every single person I passed laughed. 
When I walked into French, that bitch Bianca dropped her head between her arms and cawed out laughter. Ms. Rugerrielli pulled me aside and told me about my new hairpiece. My face turned beet red the way a cartoon character’s might. 
I hate Jordan Saunders!
It just gives me more reason to finish reading Mein Kampf. Last night I got a hundred pages in and I’m not surprised to say that the man knows how to write. It’s obvious why Hitler’s propaganda was swallowed by a whole nation—he has a way with words. There’s one thing he wrote that stands out in my mind. I found it so influential that I had to write it down: Obstacles do not exist to be surrendered to, but only to be broken. I believe he was referring to the obstacles of losing his mother and father and trying to become a famous architect and painter. But I think it’s open for interpretation.
I must now look at my obstacles—The Clan—and rise above them. They don’t exist for me to surrender to, as I have done in the past; they exist for me to conquer, to break the hold they have on others who view them as “cool.” If a painter could rise up to become the most influential speaker of Germany in the early 1900s, then surely I can rise up against a group of kids that torment me. All I have to do is believe. I have a new resolve for my life.
I will not take any more of their bullying!
~Peter
October 20
Friday

Dr. White told me that she would be with me every step of the way.  No, I didn’t tell her how I must rise above The Clan and find some way to turn my school against them. She simply said that in reference to the whole ordeal with my parents. I know I said I wouldn’t disclose any information to her, but she kind of tricked me into doing it. She asked me if I was happy again. I told her I was indifferent. She said that was impossible. 
“How would you know?” I asked. 
“Well, Peter, it’s somewhat hard for me to say this, but my parents also got a divorce.”
That took me by surprise. “Really?”
She nodded. “Yes, right around the time I was pregnant with my daughter.” 
That spiteful bitch. 
She must have seen the look on my face and interpreted it as remorse, because she said, “It hit me pretty hard, the way it’s hitting you now. I know what you’re going through, and if you ever want to talk about it, I’ll be happy to listen.”
In all honesty, I’m not sure what to do. I had no idea she was a product of divorce like I will soon be myself. I guess if I could talk to anyone about it the most logical person would be her. And she’s not so bad, after all. We do play Call of Duty and Witch Hunter together. How many adults can I say that about? It’s still a hard choice, deciding if I want to talk to her.
I think I’ll muse over it while I sit home tonight.
I talked to Tommy Boots and he said John invited us to sleep over. I haven’t said anything to John about the matter of The Clan since Tommy Boots mentioned he was out with his grandma. I don’t know Steve Jones’s intentions, but I do know of his venomous ways. It turned Bianca into a horrible person, and it’ll soon turn John against me, too, maybe already has. I can only give my thanks that Steve hasn’t gotten to Tommy Boots. I’m sure in time John will try to bring him over to the dark side but by then I hope to have my plan in action. Tommy Boots is smarter than that, and I can only hope he’ll make the right decision. 
I think he sees through my lie. I told him I couldn’t sleep over because I wasn’t feeling well and that I had to catch up on some reading for an assignment. 
I just hope everything works out. I know I shouldn’t hope and should rather do, to make things happen rather than wish, but I’m not sure what my plan of action should be. The thought of suicide hasn’t left my mind but I know for sure now that it’s not the option I want to take. It’s the easy way out—the surrendering method. And one I cannot . . . no, will not, succumb to.
I seem to be rambling now and what good does that do? I have a job to accomplish. I must finish as much of Mein Kampf tonight as I can. Only upon its completion will I be able to develop a better understanding of the man who led a revolution.
If I keep a steady pace, I think I might be able to finish all 688 pages by tomorrow night. 
Wish me luck.
~Peter
October 21
Saturday

I was up until three reading and only have another 250 pages to go. I think I’ll finish them after this entry. Let me tell you about today first.
After much debate, I found myself riding to the Sun Valley Mall. I know I’ve written that I’d never go to that mall, but if Bay View isn’t Clan-free then no mall is.
To my surprise I didn’t bump into or see anyone from my school. I guess that just goes to show you the irony of it.
When I stepped through the entrance I noticed that the mall was flooded with Halloween decorations. Orange lights, streamers hanging from the ceiling, pumpkins, jack-o’-lanterns, etc.  It was very festive. They had this one store called Halloween Surprise. I went into it and looked at all the masks. I couldn’t believe all the different ones they had. They even had one of Charles Manson. How I wish I could’ve hidden my face behind a permanent mask my whole life. 
After the Halloween store I went into Hot Topic. Taking a long look at myself in the mirror, I came to realize that maybe one of the reasons I’ve been picked on for so long is the fact that Corolla’s been dressing me. Each student in school falls into his or her own category, or niche, and most prominently shows it by their appearance. Emos and skaters: long black/dyed hair, tight jeans. Thugs: baggy jeans, flat-brim hats. Jocks: collared polo shirts. And last but not least, myself: the clothes Corolla buys, which are sweat pants and sweaters. The sweats aren’t the cool baggy ones either—they’re tight with the little elastic band at the bottom of the legs. If I’m going to stand up for myself I have to be taken seriously and therefore start dressing differently. Maybe the fact that everyone in school is now aware of me isn’t altogether a bad thing—being known as a pushover is better than being nameless in this circumstance, right? Maybe it’ll allow my voice to be heard, even if at first they only laugh. Hitler surely didn’t accrue all his followers after the first speech he gave.
The question that arises then is this: What do I dress like? There are so many styles, but I think the reason I was drawn to Hot Topic is because of its dismal appearance. The store is always swathed with tapestries and lighted in somber red lights. It portrays how I feel inside. I can almost relate to its atmosphere—it’s a projection of my inner self. And for this reason I chose the clothes in this store.
After trying on seven pairs of pants and elatedly realizing that most of them actually fit, I bought four pairs with the money I had left over from my allowance. They’re not completely out-there with the chains and straps like some of their contenders, but they have a Notice me! sort of look. As far as shirts, I bought a few hoodies of bands I never heard of—all black. I know they say vertical stripes are sliming, but black is devoid of color and will express my depression better.
At first, I had thought that by being at the mall alone I’d be worked up, constantly looking over my shoulder. Surprisingly, that wasn’t the case; I felt free and found my mind wondering about The Clan instead. They must be punished for what they did to me and for what they will do to others. But how?
When I reached the end of the mall, I had an idea.
In Mein Kampf, Hitler talked about the Jews as a sort of disease. And although I know this isn’t true at all—Teddy Weiss is actually one of the coolest kids in my home ec. group—Hitler thought he had to get rid of them by force. Terror is not broken by the mind, but by terror. It makes sense—when have you ever heard of a situation when a robber was persuaded not to rob someone just because that person asked them not to? That situation does not exist. A robber’s only stopped by brute force (by fear). The police instill fear. Jail and trial is what the robber will face if caught. An eye for an eye is the only way. This is what I realized while I was walking, and it makes perfect sense. Why else would Steve Jones and Jordan Saunders be talking to John? Wasn’t it John who had stood up for himself? Wasn’t it John who pushed (terror) the very person who tripped (terror) him? Even though that terror was not broken, it was still enough to stop The Clan from picking on him. Now The Clan allows John to talk and quite possibly hang out with them (I have no idea if it’s true or not, but do I really think John was visiting his grandmother that late at night?).
My movement against The Clan must be instilled with terror. How will I manage this? I haven’t the slightest idea. I’m still lost. But I’m one step closer to figuring it out.  I’m going to close this entry now and finish Mein Kampf. Maybe after I do I’ll have a better understanding of what I must do.
~Peter
October 22
Sunday

I finished the book, and I’m astounded at the speed at which I read it. The bulk of it was a jumble of propaganda, which I’ve ignored, but weeded within was a bit of truth (or as Hitler thought it). 
Hitler’s National Socialist Movement was carried out through long years of preparation and speeches in front of groups and groups of people. But not even that movement started off in a flooded theater—it started out small. Therefore it goes without saying that my own movement must start out small, as well. Rome wasn’t built in a day, and if I’ve endured The Clan’s bullying for this long, I think I can put up with it a little longer to get the ultimate revenge.
Tomorrow’s going to be the first day of the test. I’m going to wear my new clothes and see how everyone treats me. I’d be dumbfounded if all it took for respect was a change in appearance. 
Somehow I don’t think it’s going to be that easy.
~Peter
October 23
Monday
Today I told Dr. White about her daughter. Her own daughter! 
I know I said I’d hide my true feelings and not talk about school but having it bottled up inside was making me physically ill. I know I’ve also said that I’ve transferred all my hurt into fury, but I think I was just fooling myself. The fury was there, yes, but so was the condescending feeling I’ve grown to accept. I feel worthless and don’t think anything I read or plan will ever get accomplished.
Therefore I came right out and told Dr. White about Bianca. I cried in her mother’s office, and her mother comforted me. 
“Peter, what’s wrong?”
“Nothing,” I sobbed. “Nothing’s wrong. Can’t you tell how happy I am?”
“Peter . . .” She handed me a tissue, which I used to dry my eyes. 
“My life is perfect. What can be wrong?”
“You know I’m only here to help. I’m not forcing you to tell me anything.”
 “I know,” I said. “It’s just that, well, nothing’s going the way it should.”
Dr. White leaned forward and put a comforting hand on my shoulder. “I know. This is a very difficult time that you’re going through. Nobody blames you for your parents wanting to get a divorce.” 
“It’s not that.”
Dr. White’s eyebrows went up. “It’s not?”
“No, it’s—” And by then it was already too late. I had opened my mouth and I couldn’t stop. “—it’s this girl.”
“At school?”
I nodded. 
“What about this girl?” 
By then I had realized what I’d done. I didn’t want Dr. White to make the connection, so I altered the story a bit. 
“Her name’s Kimberly. We became partners in science class. She was nice at first but then she started going out with this kid and now she doesn’t talk to me anymore.”  
We continued to talk. It hurt to bring these things up but as soon as I did I actually felt better. I was talking to Dr. White about her daughter without her knowing it and she was agreeing that this girl sounded like a capricious and insensitive bitch (she didn’t use those words, but hearing her agree with me made me feel fantastic).
I still didn’t tell her about how I get picked on almost every day, and I don’t plan to, but it did make me wonder if having a movement against The Clan is necessary. Maybe all I need is therapy. I’m already feeling slightly better about the whole Bianca episode, and writing in my journal does help. 
Then again, I don’t know. There are still a lot of bad memories strapped around my heart, many open wounds that haven’t healed, and if I don’t act now will I ever? Probably not, and then The Clan will just continue their actions and torture other innocent people, poisoning the minds of the humble girls, corrupting them.
Ugh, I’m trapped again.
Dr. White questioned me about my change of wardrobe also.
I thought that everyone would notice the drastic change, but I was wrong. Only a few did: Tommy Boots, Dr. White, and The Clan. 
Before social studies, Casey Vector came over, poked me in the side, and said, “What’s this, Jelly Rolls? Change your frosting? Is your cream filling black, too?”
Not what I wanted to hear at all. I thought of staying silent, like I always do, but the anger was surging and I couldn’t hold back. “Get bent,” I answered in as contemptuous a voice as I could muster. 
He recoiled at once as if he had been slapped. After a moment’s thought, he twisted his mouth into a sneer and walked away. I saw John and the troubled look he had on his face as he watched the confrontation—I think he knew as much as I did what would later become of my actions. 
Speaking of John, I haven’t really talked to him that much. I think my absence from hanging out with him over the past two weeks has taken its effect. I see him in school and talk to him there a little, but it’s not the same and we don’t ever talk about or make fun of The Clan like we used to. I still talk to Tommy Boots as much as always and I’m delighted to say that he’s the first of us to get a job—Carvel, couldn’t you guess? It was him who first commented on my change of attire in chem. I told him I wanted to try something different and that I was sorry I didn’t go out with him and John over the weekend. I think he understands. I can see it in his face that he feels torn between the two of us. He knows how I feel and what I think is happening.
But back to Dr. White.
I told her the change of clothes was my way of coping with the impending divorce. She nodded and said that it’s understandable to go through a series of character changes when something as big as a divorce is dropped onto your life. “Finding your inner self,” she called it. She told me that she even went through this type of change and that it was perfectly natural. Little does she know the divorce has nothing to do with it.
It’s no surprise that my parents didn’t notice. 

I don’t know why I just drew that, but I felt like snapping my pencil when I finished. A picture’s worth a thousand words. And in this case I guess it expresses the one thing that’s still on my mind after this entry. 
I hate The Clan . . .
~Peter
P.S. I intercepted a letter that was sent home today. It mentioned of the “slipping” of my grades. My parents will never receive it.

October 24
Tuesday

The Clan didn’t waste any time.
I should have seen it coming.
After Mr. Clemmings’s class, Steve and Jordan dragged me into the bathroom across the hall, that infamous bathroom which I’ve grown to hate. I twisted and writhed in their arms to escape, but they held me too tight.
John had left class in sort of a hurry, which I had found odd at the time. When I was in the hall, I called out for his help. He was no more than ten feet away, walking in the opposite direction as if he didn’t hear, but when I shouted his name he stopped for a moment and then continued. My friendship with him is officially over. At least I tried to help him when he endured the same type of abuse from The Clan. I even took a punch to the stomach and sat with him until he felt better, and all he could do in return is walk away from me? I understand: friendship. But for whom?
In the bathroom I was held up like John had been, except this time by Steve on my right and Jordan on my left. In the middle, standing in front of me, was Casey. He gazed at me with burning eyes. I saw a glint of a smile appear before I returned it with one of my own. I knew I had to face my fear, that terror was only broken by terror. 
That’s when he said, “What are you smiling for, Jelly Rolls? I’ll wipe that smirk right off your face” and punched me in the stomach. The air whooshed out of my lungs like a balloon with a hole in it. Steve and Jordan continued to hold me. My dead weight in their arms must have been immense, but they somehow withstood it. Casey hit me three more times in the stomach and slapped me once in the face for good measure. I didn’t feel it. My mind was elsewhere, envisioning what must be done. I got kicked in the back and twice more in the stomach—those I felt. I fell to the tiled floor before their feet. Steve shifted so that he was now in front of me, his eyes full of hate. Parting his lips, he instructed, “Lick my shoes.”
I’d never give him the satisfaction. Instead, I spit on them. “Lick this,” I said. Probably the wrong thing to do if I wanted to avoid further injury, but the right thing to do if I wanted to start fighting back. I had to show them I wasn’t scared (even though I was trembling). 
“Wrong move, fatass,” Steve said and hocked up a phlegmy mess of saliva and spit it at me. The warm, thick goo landed on the side of my face. Before I could even begin to grow repulsed he kicked me in the groin and a blaring pain radiated throughout my body. It was the most horrible thing I ever experienced. It was like there was a glass ornament down there that had been shattered. I crawled over to the one of the urinals, the kind that descends all the way to the floor, and threw up. I think that’s when one of them kicked me from behind and my head smacked against the porcelain, because I woke up two periods later.
I guess nobody came into the bathroom during that time—or if they did, they didn’t say anything—because nobody in The Clan got reprimanded for what they had done. I didn’t tell on them and apparently nobody else had either. I’m probably going to wind up getting detention for “cutting” English now. 
I bet Jordan and Casey were laughing it up in English when I didn’t show. I know one of them must have said something to Gary or Steve, because both of them were teasing me in health, asking if I’d had a nice nap. I remember looking over to John that period.
John just looked away.
Before that, in French, Bianca talked to me again, though I wish she hadn’t. That voice will never be the soothing music it once was. She swiveled around in her chair, looked me in the eye, and flat out asked, “Why don’t you just lick his shoes like he wants you to? He might stop beating you up.” She had a smile on her face while she said it. 
I felt like spitting on her also. It didn’t take her any time at all to become corrupted. It’s repugnant how she can be the seed of my psychologist and be so easily manipulated. Such a follower. Just like everyone else at school.
Why don’t I just lick his shoes? Why? WHY? Because that would be handing Steve the knife to slit my throat with. Throughout my whole life, I’ve been handing people that knife. Not anymore. I know what I must do now and it may seem very dark and very bestial but it’s what has to happen.
I have to kill Steve Jones.
I seriously have to kill him.
If I don’t do it, the situation I find myself in will only grow worse. I’ll continue to be treated with indignity. I’ll be spit on. I’ll be kicked. I may even be killed myself (what if he had kicked me a little too hard when my head hit the urinal? What if one of them thought it would be funny to flush it while I was passed out and I drowned?)
Steve Jones has single-handedly ruined my life. He has taken my self-esteem, he has taken Bianca, and he has taken half of my friends away from me. John would never have allowed the bathroom incident to happen in the days before he began talking to Steve. And his great “plan” of getting The Clan to stop picking on me surely blew up in his face (I think his real plan was to try to get “in” with The Clan so he could shed his “loser” status and get a date for junior and senior prom in the years to follow). 
He no longer exists to me. I hate him just as much as Steve.
~Peter
October 25
Wednesday

He’s dead.
I killed John.
Not in real life but in a world where only minds can exist. I flanked John in Call of Duty while playing Team Death Match. I’m not sure what drove me to do it—probably the fact that he turned his face from me in Mr. Cane’s class yesterday and didn’t help me in the hall when I needed him most—but I did it just the same, and it felt good. No, it felt great! My weapon classes are outstanding and, since I’m usually better at selecting them than John, I slaughtered him. This all happened when I saw him hiding behind a stack of crates, trying to snipe one of my men. When I saw him, I knew exactly what I had to do.
After I knifed him, four more enemies rushed me, firing their guns like crazy. Somehow, I don’t know how, I knew these were John’s new friends, maybe one of them was even Steve Jones himself. How I hoped it was. The battle began. The other players were so bad at fighting that I killed them all before falling prey to an air attack. After I respawned (came back to life) I spent the rest of the battle stalking and killing them. Cyber-bullying? I think not. That’s one medium where The Clan will never touch me.
If only I could have the powers my player possesses. 
Turns out there is. 
There was a man by the name of Samuel Colt who invented something very equalizing.
It was the revolver.
I must buy a gun. 
I’m not sure what led me to this decision—it might have been the Nerf gun John had gotten me for my birthday that was sitting on my dresser, or it might have been from playing Call of Duty—but now that I think of it, a gun is exactly what I need. Even the weakest fighter could win against the strongest if he had a gun.
Thinking it over, I know I said yesterday that I have to kill Steve Jones, but when I flip back to that entry I see that I was just venting. I’m not sure I could actually bring myself to kill somebody. In the past I believed it was a sin. Even though I don’t believe in god anymore, I still wouldn’t do it. I just couldn’t see myself robbing someone of his or her life, even if they are as deserving of it as Steve Jones is. If I did have a gun, however, The Clan would have to leave me alone. 
Terror is not broken by the mind, but by terror.
After school, I decided to ride my bike to the magazine store. There, I looked over the ones that featured guns. Turns out there are a bunch of different kinds: Shoulder guns, pump action, lever action, and semi- and fully-automatic. 
How do I get one of these, and which will be right for me? I’m still not sure. Only time and more research will tell. But one thing is certain: I will not stop until I know.
~Peter
October 26
Thursday

John gave me bad looks in chem. He completely ignored me in social studies and health. I have no doubt it was because I killed him in Call of Duty yesterday. I feel kind of bad when I think about it, but he brought it upon himself, didn’t he? 
I’m having my doubts. Maybe he really didn’t hear me calling his name in the hall. The fact that I saw him talking to Steve Jones that one time and hearing the story about him being over at his grandma’s certainly could make me jump to conclusions. Maybe he was just too disquieted in health to accept the fact that his new friends had beaten up his original best friend. I think I’m going to apologize to him tomorrow. Good friends are hard to come by, and if I allow myself to distance him any further it’ll only increase his chances of being sucked in by The Clan. 
I talked to Tommy Boots about this in lunch and he agreed with me. That was just before another juice carton struck the wall behind us, spraying its sticky juice every which way. Tommy Boots went to the bathroom to wash it off, but I stayed put. I don’t think I’ll be using the school’s bathrooms anymore this year.
In French, Bianca laughed at me when she saw that my pants still had some spray on them. She said, “Aww, baby spill his juice?” in a mocking tone of voice. I wanted to slap her across the face. She’ll get hers in the end. They all will. 
At home, over dinner, my parents fought again. I ate in silence and then quickly picked up my plate and left. When I was in the kitchen I heard what sounded like a slap and then, “What the hell was that for? Why did you hit me?”
My mom shouted back, even louder, “Are you serious? Oh, you lying son-of-a-bitch!”   
When I rushed into the room my dad said, “Peter! Peter! Your mother just slapped me across the face!”
It instantly brought back the memory of my mom coming into my room the night before I lost my journal and it made me want to tear my ears off my head. I can still hear them arguing now! This isn’t something I want to be trapped in the middle of. The divorce is definitely going to happen soon—they’re probably getting lawyers to draw up the papers even as I write this.	
I think I’m going to go online and find a forum on guns. I’m still set on the idea about getting one. I’m positive now that I don’t want to kill Steve Jones, just scare him a bit. Scare him and the rest of The Clan into treating me with respect. I would gleefully trade both my Christmas and birthday presents for that one sight.
Two more months till Christmas. Maybe I’ll get my wish early. 
~Peter
October 27
Friday

FINAL SOLUTION.
It has to be done, I’m sure of it: I have to kill Steve Jones and the rest of The Clan. And while I’m at it I’ll kill everyone else their minds have poisoned. Which includes a little bitch by the name of Bianca White. 
Hitler talked about a “final solution,” an extermination of the Jewish race. He got that part wrong—it wasn’t the Jews at all that needed to be exterminated but the pricks in schools with the manipulating minds. 
I guess you’re wondering why my sudden change of mind, since in yesterday’s entry I wrote that I had realized I was only blowing off steam. Let me tell you. Ohhhh, let me tell you . . . 
It started out in social studies. Wait . . . that’s not true. It started in math. When I walked into the room I saw that someone—obviously Gary Reith—had written PETER RABBIT SUCKS COTTON TAIL! on the blackboard. By this point in my life it didn’t faze me in the slightest, but what happened next did: Mr. Rugerdy walked in the room right behind me and laughed. I have never seen him laugh so hard in my life. I’m not sure if he knew right away to whom it referred, but the whole class did and when they saw Mr. Rugerdy laugh, it instantly split their sides. The only person that was quiet was me—now making it pretty obvious to Mr. Rugerdy who the remark was intended for. And instead of saying something, he just erased it, laughing to himself as he glanced my way.
I think Mr. Rugerdy will be the first teacher to get a bullet if the staff tries to prevent me from doing what I have to do. And certainly Gary Reith will get his. 
And that’s not the worst of it by far; that’s just me blowing off steam. Here’s the rest:
Since I had it set in my mind that I would apologize to John today, I tried to do just that. But he was late to chem., and in gym he was on Joe Kelly’s team and changed faster than ever in the locker room (another place I’ve grown to hate), making it impossible for me to talk to him. I couldn’t even talk to him in Mr. Clemmings’s class because each time I opened my mouth or tried to pass a note, Jordan Saunders would throw something at me. I think that’s when I first had the feeling that something bad was going to happen. 
At the end of the period I told John how sorry I was for killing him in Call of Duty, and how it was an accident. He was oddly silent and I figured he was still mad. When he saw me ready to give up and go to my next class he asked me, in a hesitant tone, if I could stay with him and follow him to his locker. I agreed, yet when he paused at a set of lockers just across the hall, I knew something was wrong. No sooner had I realized this, than Steve Jones popped out from behind two kids and dragged me into that god-forsaken bathroom again. Following him was Jordan Saunders, Casey Vector, Gary Reith, and John Lombardi, my ex-best friend. The last to come in was Bianca. 
Casey and Jordan held me while I did everything in my power to escape. It was no use—they held me tighter than a vice. 
It was then that Steve leaned over towards John and whispered something into his ear. When he finished, he kissed Bianca. The sight was too repulsive to bear. I closed my eyes. Steve must have seen this because he punched me in the stomach and said, “What? Can’t bear to see me kiss the girl you love?” And with that he kissed her again. 
“That’s something you’ll never get from anyone,” Bianca said. She leaned in close, sticking her face into mine, and added, in as mocking a tone as she could muster: “Ever.” 
That’s when I spit on her. It felt great to finally do it, such an accomplishment. She cried out, repulsed, and furiously wiped at her face as she girlishly screeched about how gross it was. 
Steve’s eyebrows came together at once. “Don’t you ever touch my girlfriend,” he shouted, ramming another fist into my stomach. The pain was unbearable. It chased all the air out of my lungs, causing me to choke and gasp for breath.
“Now you’re gonna get what you’ve got coming to you!”
 The twisted leer on his face was maddening. I didn’t know what he was going to do. I had a vision of him pulling a knife and gutting me like a fish. Anything was possible. However instead of doing anything himself he motioned for John to move forward. 
John reluctantly did so. 
“Go on, John,” Steve said, “tell him how you feel. In fact . . . show him.” 
John just stood there, uncertain of what he should do. I could see there was a war going on inside his head. The only question was, Which side would win? I found out a minute later when he pulled back his right hand and drove it into my eye.
It hurt, but not as much as the breaking of our friendship in that single moment. Here was one of my best friends, poisoned of mind, punching me in the face. The very same friend—fiend I should now say—I tried with all my heart to apologize to. How could I have been so blind?
After punching me, Steve and Gary clapped him on his shoulders, rewarding him with high-fives. He looked sick at what he had done, but I don’t think he looked sorry.
Do I kill him, too?
Sadly this wasn’t the end of my bathroom experience. Once John was out of the way the rest of The Clan went to work on me, delivering blow after blow. I fell to the floor, coughing, and spit out blood. It scared me horridly—I thought they had finally ruptured something inside—before I realized that the inside of my cheek was cut. 
Through gritted teeth I muttered, “You’ll be sorry.”
 Steve took the initiative and kicked me in the ribs. “Keep talking and you’ll get another.”
It’s safe to say that I kept my mouth closed.
Corolla immediately asked about my eye when I came home early from school. I told her that a “friend” called my name while I was playing baseball and I looked away from the ball. I said it hit me in the eye and I had to go to the nurse. Corolla didn’t question the fact that the school had “let me go home early.” Who would? I just hope they don’t call, informing my parents that I cut the rest of the day. 
Tommy Boots called after school and asked why I wasn’t at lunch. I told him John would know and that I wouldn’t be seeing either of them this weekend because of it.
The weekend’s going to pass fast, but I hope it’s enough time for my eye to heal. Already it’s begun to blacken. If the blackness doesn’t subside I know I’m never going to hear the end of it on Monday. But by Monday maybe I won’t have to. Maybe by Monday I’ll have something equalizing to instill the terror I need. 
The kicker of the whole day was that my parents didn’t even question my eye over dinner. I guess they were too busy engaged in their constant verbal swordplay. I stayed with them for a total of ten minutes before I couldn’t stand their bickering any longer and got up and left, locking myself in my room and writing this entry.
Dr. White even asked me about my eye. My psychologist, whom I’ve known a little over a month, asked me about my eye while the two people I’ve lived with my whole life argued with one another while their injured son went unnoticed. Does that tell you something? It certainly tells me something.
When Dr. White asked about it, I recounted the same lie I’d spun for Corolla. She swallowed it hook, line, and sinker and was happy that I was “making friends” through this trying time of my life. She said that I needed friendship more than ever. In that sense, I guess I’m completely doomed since I don’t have any now. Yeah I have Tommy Boots, but as long as he’s with John or at Carvel (he works Friday nights and the weekends), I’m never going to get to hang out with him.
It was such a depressing thought, having no more friends, that I contemplated suicide again.
Prior to dinner I found myself in the bathroom, staring at my reflection in the mirror and at the blackened eye my ex-best-friend had caused. On the counter was the blade to a box cutter, and in the bathtub was a full basin of water. I’m not sure how long I stood there looking into my soul before I realized I couldn’t let The Clan win that easily. If I killed myself, they would only get away with what they had done. 
Making the decision not to kill myself, to instead live long enough through my pain and torment to kill The Clan, was the hardest choice I’ve ever had to make in my life. Thankfully I’ve rejected the belief of god and satan altogether. At least when I put a bullet in Steve Jones’s head I will not be going to hell afterwards.
~Peter
October 28
Saturday

I’ve decided to do it on Tuesday: Halloween.
I think it would be a perfect day for it. First, the wearing of costumes in school would easily allow me to conceal a gun. Secondly, I could make an everlasting impression while I wear that Charles Manson mask to do it which, I might add, I picked up at the mall today. (For $39.95, I believe it was money well spent. An investment, even.)
I spent the remainder of my day on the internet searching information about where to get firearms. While I was doing this, I found something called The Anarchist Cookbook by someone or something called The Jolly Roger. I downloaded it and discovered that it had an abundance of detailed information on how to manufacturing explosives. On one page I even found out how to make a pipe bomb!

Nothing at all is impossible, everything can be done if you only want it.

—Adolf Hitler.

The idea of settling the score with The Clan and those their minds have bastardized may actually become a reality. My mind is set, and with information like this I will be able to achieve my goal.
I want it. Nothing at all is impossible.
~Peter
October 29
Sunday

My mom noticed my eye at breakfast. I told her that it happened yesterday while she was out—baseball with Tommy Boots and John. (Uh, I hate writing that traitor’s name. Just like writing Steve’s, it feels like poison.) I think that lie will hold as long as she doesn’t talk to Corolla, and I doubt she’ll talk to her about it anyway since they’re rarely, if ever, under the roof at the same time.
My dad asked me if I wanted to take a ride on the boat and maybe see if any tuna were running. It caught me by surprise because he hasn’t asked me to go fishing since the summer. I told him that I would have liked to but lied and said that I had a lot of schoolwork to catch up on. The reality is that I haven’t done a single shred of homework in the last month (I even ripped up the two notices the school sent home—I believe I mentioned one earlier in an entry). Instead, I delved deeper into my research on firearms and explosives.
I searched school shootings to try to get ideas, and I found a bunch of websites. The ones I got the most information out of were on the Virginia Tech massacre and the Columbine High School massacre. 
The latter was a school-related shooting that was brought on by two kids: Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. In their rampage on their high school, they wounded twenty-three people and killed twelve. The website stated, in detail, how they carried out their plan of action, starting off by leaving an “I’m sorry video” for their parents, then strategically planting two twenty-pound propane bombs in duffel bags in their school’s cafeteria. Their original plan was to wait in the parking lot for the bombs to detonate, and then shoot the students as they fled from the burning building. 
One small problem occurred: the bombs didn’t go off. When this happened—or didn’t, for that matter—Eric Harris shouted, “Go! Go!” and he and Dylan pulled out their guns (Eric’s gun of choice being a Carbine and Dylan’s a Tec-9) and began shooting at the students outside as they made their way into the school. From there, the two cleaved their way into the school’s library where more shooting occurred. Here they asked everyone with a white hat to stand up (since wearing a white hat was the symbol of a jock in their school). When none listened, they started shooting at random. Their undertaking ended when they finally decided to put a bullet in their own heads.
Throughout this whole episode, they encountered two students whom they knew and let go free. Eric warned one, “Brooks, I like you. Now, get out of here. Go home.” And Dylan warned another to leave the library. When the kid asked him what the hell he was doing, Dylan said, “Oh, just killing people” as nonchalantly as ever. 
I can only hope that I can act that cold. 
The fact that they let two people go free made me think of Tommy Boots and John. I know I’d let Tommy Boots go but what about John? 
I still haven’t found the answer to that question. 
Let me state that even though martyrs like Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold had a solid idea, they still left too many variables open. For instance: Their original plan was solely based on the detonation of the two propane bombs (which failed).
I’ll do better.
First off, I won’t be using a propane bomb for obvious reasons (no detonation times to misjudge). Instead, I’ll be using pure sodium from the chem. lab. If I remember Mrs. Pastorelli’s experiment correctly, all I have to do is place it in water and Voom! instant destruction! (Thank you, Tommy Boots, for the chem. notes. Please don’t blame yourself if this journal is ever found and read.) Second, I won’t be doing this as my initial charge. If that was the case, then I would be alerting the whole school by setting off the fire alarms, which is pretty much what Eric and Dylan did when they stood outside shooting people at random. I’ll be doing it toward the end of my killing spree as a sort of bonus to burn down the school so the atrocities of bullying will never happen again within those bricks.
Another point: I will not be shooting in wide-open spaces such as the cafeteria, the library, or outside. It leaves too much room for escape, plus it would alert those in the surrounding classrooms. And even though there’s no way around alerting the other students, there is a way to secure the fact that I can kill as many of the cretins as I can: I’ll go from room to room, hovering by the door and never fully entering. This way if they choose to run, I can level them with an automatic. Plus, the students will probably be cowering under their desks like in Columbine (since they already proved to be sloths in an evacuation during a rudimentary fire drill, just imagine them trying an exodus while their bodies are pumped full of fear; they’ll be like deer trapped in headlights, standing still until a bullet brings darkness). 
The other thing that I realized was that for two people, a kill count of twelve is atrocious. I’m saying this in the most respectful way I can, since I feel that Eric and Dylan probably endured the same abuse I have. But twelve? That’s six students each! And not nearly enough! In one classroom, there sits almost thirty. Thirty students, all of whom laughed at me. I’ll make my shots count. I won’t mistake injured students for dead. I’ll put a bullet in each of their heads even if they’ve been brought down by one to the heart. Reassurance is key.
Also, I don’t think I’m going to start off with a pipe bomb, which would be the most logical thing to do if I want to kill a lot of people, because if I do that then it might cause my main objective to falter—to kill Steve Jones. There’s no way I want him escaping. And I certainly won’t throw a pipe bomb in his classroom—I want to see him suffer. I want him to lick my shoes before he looks into my eyes and I put a bullet between his.
I’m well aware of the fact that it’s possible a few teachers, of whom I have no animosity towards, will be injured if they try to stop me in my movement. For that, I’m sorry. The only reassurance I can grant myself is that I won’t follow up with a subsequent shot to their heads. They’ll be the only ones I won’t kill. Mr. Rugerdy will not be one of them. 
As for making the bombs and buying the guns, I’m still behind on those matters. I better hurry since Halloween is only two days away. I’m well aware that I’m going to have to find a proxy buyer (someone who I can purchase the guns through since I’m not of age and really don’t have a clue how I can get them otherwise). Of course, that’s easier said than done. 
I’ve been searching blogs and forums on guns and might have found someone with the tag ColtDancer666 who can help me.	
We’ll see if time’s on my side.
~Peter
October 30
Monday

Just my luck—nothing goes the way I want it to.
ColtDancer666 hasn’t gotten back to me yet. If he does, I’m going to tell him that I want hand guns rather than hi-point carbines and shotguns, like Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. My thoughts on this matter came from doing research on Seung-Hui Cho, the shooter at Virginia Tech, who was a single gunman, like I will soon be. He sported a Glock 19 and a Walther P22.
If I had smaller arms like him I could conceal and maneuver them easier. Maybe I’ll get a Smith and Wesson third generation .45 and a German Mauser M2. From what I’ve seen so far, I think they look pretty cool, and they’re both semiautomatic. My allowance won’t cover this, so I’ll have to dip into my dad’s stash. He keeps a few thousand dollars in the floor safe in the closet, and I know the combination. He only checks and deposits money in it at the end of every month. With that being said, he won’t figure out the “withdrawal” until after the deed is done.
I really feel that this is possible. At first, I was a little uneasy about it being a one-man operation, but if Cho—who killed more than twice the number of Eric and Dylan combined—could go through with it then so can I. 

Nothing at all is impossible, everything can be done if you only want it.

I want it! It will be possible!
A note on the pipe bombs: I went to Home Depot today to buy the supplies. The clerks there were very helpful, and none of them were the wiser. I got the body for the piping, as well as the steel caps for the ends (course threaded as specified). Tomorrow I’ll make the filler that will be used for the explosive material. As for fuses, I can simply rip the ones off the fireworks in the shed left over from the Fourth of July.
I also want to mention that I found two video games online. The games are Super Columbine Massacre RPG! and V-Tech Rampage and are both based on the school shootings. I found SCMRPG! to be more fun than V-Tech because of all the integrated pictures and information about the massacre. The creator of the game really did his homework when programming it. There’s even one part where Eric Harris meets Brooks in the parking lot and tells him that he likes him and that he should go home. It’s crazy! And not that easy, either. I got caught sixteen times before I got past the setting of the bombs in the cafeteria.
Since the game is an RPG, you don’t really see too much bloodshed, but I still feel I can relate to the characters and the shooters they portray. Maybe after I’m done with my movement they’ll make a game about me. I can only wonder.
Dr. White:
I think she had it set in her schedule today that she was going to talk to me about my parents. Despite the fact that I had already told her what I was doing to cope, she kept asking. At first I thought nothing of it, but when she insisted I immediately wondered if my parents found my journal and told her what I planned to do. If that was the case then she would have seen everything I wrote about The Clan and my plan to exterminate them. 
Her insisting turned into prying and I was almost positive that she was trying to get me to confess something. Finally, after making up a few lies, she seemed appeased. My heart rate returned to normal and I rationalized that if she really had known about my journal and my plans she would have done a lot more than just ask me questions. It opened my eyes, though. When I’m finished with this entry I’m going to hide my journal in a safer place. I think maybe I’ll hide it inside my computer tower. Nobody will ever find it in there.
~Peter
October 31
Tuesday

Yeah, yeah, Happy Halloween.
:::Sarcasm:::
My plan would have been executed today if all had gone accordingly, but of course there have been setbacks. 
Story of my life.
About those: The main one was ColtDancer666. I spoke with him today. Finally! Here’s what our conversation looked like:

To: PeterR0810@gmail.com
From: ColtDancer666@yahoo.com
I can help. Because of what you want, I’ll have
to go through a guy I know instead of myself. 
It’s going to cost a little bit more. Are you still 
interested? 

To ColtDancer666@yahoo.com
From: PeterR0810@gmail.com
Price is of no issue, only time. How soon can you
get me what I asked for?

To: PeterR0810@gmail.com
From: ColtDancer666@yahoo.com
Thursday. You would have to meet me in a
secure location for the transaction.

To ColtDancer666@yahoo.com
From: PeterR0810@gmail.com
Thursday is perfect. How about meeting at the
grove of trees behind Carvel on Tree Hollow
Road in Farmsville? Around 4pm?

I figured that location would hold some poetic justice (I just hope Tommy Boots isn’t working that day). ColtDancer666 agreed, and in two days I’ll meet him there. That part at least I’m ecstatic about.
The other concern on my mind is the pipe bombs, which of course can be accredited to none other than my own laziness. I already started building them today and will continue after this entry. As I mentioned yesterday, I already have the pipes and caps, and today I picked up the explosive material that’ll be used for the filler. It was easy to obtain since they’re improvisions of gunpowder and were easily found in the chemical storage closet in chem.—hell, I killed two birds with one stone and grabbed the container of pure sodium while I was at it.
For the filler, I read that I can use either permanganate with sugar and half-and-half or chlorate with sugar. I chose the chlorate since it has a higher explosive effect. I adhered to the ratios precisely and mixed the parts. The compound’s sitting in the corner of my room right now waiting to be housed within the steel tubing of the pipes. Once that’s complete, all I have to do is thread the fuse through the tiny hole I drilled in the end cap, and voilà! instant carnage! When that thing goes off, shrapnel will shatter the air and pierce walls, ceilings, and human flesh!
Revenge is at hand. I can almost taste it.
~Peter
November 1
Wednesday

Mrs. Pastorelli told us that somebody in either our class, the one after, or during the four minutes between periods had broken into the chemical storage cabinet and stolen both containers of sodium and chlorate. Tommy Boots had been absent yesterday—I’m not sure if I mentioned that or not—and John had left directly after the bell, probably to go brown-nose Steve Jones before gym. Mrs. Pastorelli had gone out of the room to grab the cup of coffee she always does between periods on “B” days, and the rest of the students had left, as well. The crime was perfect, and nobody remembered that I was the last person out.
Despite the fact that she couldn’t pin the wrap on anybody in our class, Mrs. Pastorelli said we were all suspects and that if she ever found out who did it then that person(s) will be subjected to legal action. 
Boo hoo hoo, little does she know that on Friday there will be plenty of legal action to go around.
Another note on the pipe bombs:
I finished building them last night and I tested one today. It worked! It was a pretty nice-sized explosion from the sound of it (I certainly didn’t pop my head up from the car-door I was using as a shield to look). Revina’s Clutch was a perfect place to test it and the scattered junk offered perfect protection from the shrapnel. Friday’s going to be a field day!
Jordan Saunders poked me in the back again in English, and I couldn’t help but smile. It’s almost funny how he can’t see the grim reaper breathing down his neck. In two days, when fourth period rolls around, he’ll see him all right, but by that time it’ll be far too late. It’ll be too late for everyone . . . 
I’ve taken a liking to SCMRPG!, and I’ve completed the library part and ended up in hell (suicide). I found more likenesses in the game to real life (Dylan Klebold to John Savage: “Oh, just killing people.”), and I felt for Eric Harris when he had the flashback of Brenda Parker and his relationship with her. It reminded me of Bianca White, and it eased my pain to know that unlike Eric, I will get a chance to put a bullet in the little bitch’s head. Won’t Dr. White be surprised! 
I’m sorry to hurt her since she has actually helped me ease a little of my pain through talking, but she even said it herself about her daughter—unknowingly of course—that Bianca (Kimberly) wasn’t a nice person at all. 
As far as the aftermath on Friday goes, I realize I must succumb to suicide. It really is the best choice. If I do it then there will be NO MORE PAIN. The invitation sounds more than enticing; it sounds elegant. Plus, I wouldn’t last in jail, and that would be inevitable if I didn’t kill myself. Also, I don’t think I could deal with the moral and ethical judgment of what I will have done. It doesn’t matter that god doesn’t exist, I still, sadly, have a conscience, and being picked on, reading a book, playing video games, and planning my own movement will not alter that fact. I simply will not be able to live with myself after what I will do in two days. And I must do this. Suicide is just something that has to be done, because of it.
They’ve left me no other option.
~Peter
November 2
Thursday

Tomorrow’s the big day. Am I scared? A little. About dying? No. About failing. 
What if Steve Jones is absent? It’s the one thought I hadn’t considered until today. I only have one chance to rid the world of cruel people like Steve Jones. One ultimate gamble. What is life but not a series of gambles? Are we not holding the dice every day, throwing them, wishing we don’t see snake eyes? In a life where I have received the single malignant pips many times I feel that the odds are finally with me on my last roll. I can only hope everything that will carry out as planned.
Over dinner I saw my parents for what will be the last time. Halfway through the meal I swallowed my suffering and told them that I loved them. 
They didn’t hear me over their arguing.
I left a message in my room for when they come home tomorrow and I don’t. It says that I’m sorry, not for what I will have done, but for having to leave them in such a gruesome way. It also reassures them that none of it was because of them and their decision to end their marriage. The impending divorce no doubt had an effect on my psyche but nothing that can compare to the years of abuse and grisly torment I’ve endured from people like Steve Jones and The Clan. I think Danny Ledonne, the creator of SCMRPG!, said it best: When you get pushed every day, and when you are ostracized not once, not twice, but years in and out, your perception of reality is distorted. . . . These things really do warp your understanding and your perception of humanity in some almost irrevocable way. 
I guess my reality has been distorted, but can you blame me? If the only thing you’ve come to learn is that when life gets you down, it spits on you again and again, then you begin to think you’re worthless and you begin to question why you’re even here at all. I’ve tried to stay positive—and if you’ve read this journal from entry one, you can see that this was true in the beginning—but when your parents, the girl you loved, your best friend, a god that you once believed in, and life all spit on you it leaves you with no other choice. My pain has manifested into something that’s too hard to live with. It gnaws at the very fabric of my will and emotion. Revenge and death are the only ways out. To go through with them will be well worth it to see The Clan and all their followers put to judgment.
On that note I will gladly write that I met with ColtDancer666 in the grove of trees today behind Carvel. He delivered the Mouser and the Smith and Wesson. The guns are heavier than I expected but not a burden to bear. I feel a sense of preternatural power surge through my veins when I wield them. I feel invigorated! With that I will leave you with one last story I wrote, dedicated especially for what will unfold tomorrow:

“THE DAY OF DAYS”
BY PETER RUBIN

Peter Rubin stalked from classroom to classroom with his Smith and Wesson .45, looking for Steve Jones. There was a hollow-tipped bullet with that bastard’s name on it, and Peter felt his mission was to deliver it unto him.
The .45 felt heavy. The backpack concealing the pipe bombs, heavier still. With a dexterity that can only be attributed to playing countless hours of video games, Peter swapped the .45 for a pipe bomb. In his right hand he now held a lighter. The fuse stood, eagerly awaiting to be lit. Peter struck the lighter. The flame danced and soon kissed the fuse. A silent scream escaped as the pipe found itself sailing through the air into an open classroom. When it struck the ground it announced itself as a dud—too little filler and not a long enough fuse.
Peter frowned.
It didn’t worry him much. This classroom was not the main objective: the one two doors down was. Grimacing at the thought of Steve Jones sitting at his desk, alive, Peter walked on, drawing both the .45 and the Mouser again.
::Bang::
::Bang::
::Bang::
The sound was heard over the screams, which now pierced the air. Behind him, the students in the classroom had figured out the barbarous pipe’s failed intention and were beginning to flee into the hall. Peter paid little attention to them, instead focused only on Mr. Clemmings and his class—Mr. Clemmings, the teacher who had always left the room at the most inopportune moments. After today, he would never leave again.
“Knock, knock,” Peter shouted, firing a bullet into the ceiling tiles. A fluorescent light exploded and shattered onto the floor. Peter smiled—the sound of the destruction delighted him.
“Steve Jones!” he boisterously called out. “Stand up!”
His command reminded him of Eric Harris’s, when the gunman had instructed everyone in a white baseball hat to stand up. It made him smile with deranged glee.
“Steve Jones,” he repeated. “Stand up!” 
Finally, after much hesitation, Steve Jones did stand. Peter lit a second pipe bomb and flung it out into the hall full of screaming students. It exploded seconds after it left his hand and transformed itself into searing shrapnel, lodging into the soft tissue of the fleeing bodies. Lacerations were made, eyes were pierced, and heads were cleaved open, spilling brain, blood, and cerebral fluid onto the tiled floor. Peter didn’t notice any of this—his gaze was too steadily focused on Steve Jones. 
The leader of The Clan sensed his impending death and a section of denim at the fork of his pants darkened. If this had been a normal school day Peter would have been ecstatic to see his worst nightmare soil himself. Today, it didn’t matter. Today, it eased him not.
He closed the gap between Steve and himself and fired bullets into the bodies and heads of the cowering classmates he once shared the school with. Each of them fell to the ground with a loud Thunk! and stained the floor a dark red. They all had laughed at him at one point in their insignificant lives, and they all deserved to die. Steve Jones, however, would get it special. He was their ringleader.
“What . . . what are you going to do to me?” he asked, begging for his life.
Peter just looked at him, unblinking. “Lick my shoes,” he said after much thought.
“Wha—what?”
“Lick my goddamn shoes!” Peter demanded.
Steve dropped to both knees and did as he was instructed.
A small feeling of satisfaction rippled across the emotional coat Peter wore but, from the years of abuse he had endured from The Clan, the feeling washed over him unfulfilled. Something much darker and much more serious would have to be done to satisfy him.
Firing the Mouser twice more—one bullet striking Mr. Clemmings in the left eye and another casting the cloven head of Sally Rutchfield onto the floor—he came up with an idea.
“Stand up!” 
Peter shouted his command with stern authority. The hurt of old wounds was resurfacing and he had to act quickly before the stress caused by his actions overwhelmed him.
Steve Jones stood up.
With one swift kick, Peter’s shoe found a home between Steve’s legs, sprawling him out on to the floor, making him grab at his crotch. He peals of pain were wonderful to hear. Peter then extracted the pair of handcuffs he’d brought and secured Steve to Mr. Clemmings’s desk.
“Now to die like the dog you are! Kneel!”
Steve did as he was told. Peter looked into his crying eyes and was aware that the boy on his knees was morally sorry for what he had done. Nevertheless, he was a day late and a dollar short. Peter lifted both the Mouser and the Smith and Wesson .45 and shattered both of Steve’s kneecaps at the same moment. The scream was deafening, but it was also a beautiful melody, a harmony of blissfully sweet retribution. Steve writhed in pain for a full five minutes before the very person he tormented year in and year out finally picked the wriggling worm up by his hair and shoved the muzzle of the .45 into his mouth, shattering his teeth in the process. The crack of the pistol was loud and the back of Steve’s head exploded in a cloud of mist.
Peter Rubin’s revenge was complete.
He then cast away the Smith and Wesson and stuck the Mouser in his own mouth—he wouldn’t die by the same gun that had killed Steve Jones—knowing no other solution to escape the grief that would fall upon him.
As he tasted the hot steel and tongued the bore of the barrel, a single-worded-thought flashed across his mind before he squeezed the trigger and all went blank:
Vengeance.

It really is a shame; I could have been a writer. I could have been an artist. I could have been a lot of things, but I was led to believe otherwise. I was led to believe that I was worthless and that I existed to be picked on. Therefore I have to do what I’m about to do, for the sake of the other boys and girls like me. There’s no other option. I was left with no other choice.
The only thing I regret is that I haven’t done this sooner.
Goodbye.
~Peter Wade Rubin
November 2
Entry 2

You’ve got to be kidding me!
After writing what I was hoping to be my concluding entry I decided to play Call of Duty one last time and bumped into Tommy Boots’s player. When I did I told him not to go to school tomorrow. I hadn’t made up my mind yet if I was going to tell him or not, but when I saw him I decided I’d tell him to stay home. 
“Why?” he asked. 
“Because. I can’t tell you.”
“What do you mean you can’t tell me?”
I wish I could have given him a better answer, but I couldn’t. “I just can’t, okay? Stay home.”
He seemed reluctant to agree. “Okay,” he said at last, “but under one condition.”
“What’s that?”
“I’ll stay home as long as I can get in touch with John and tell him to do the same.”
My face twisted, repulsed, when I heard that betrayer’s name. Yet if Eric Harris could reconcile a friendship with Brooks Brown so that Dylan Klebold would not be torn between them then I guess can do the same to save Tommy Boots’s life. He’s always been there for me and I wouldn’t want him to suffer through this any more than he has to. Maybe after my death he’ll think of me and all the abuse we both endured from The Clan and be happy to realize that I finally got the ultimate revenge. Maybe not. . . . I’m just furious at the fact that John didn’t pick up his cell or house phone when Tommy Boots called him. Whether he’s out with his parents or his “grandmother” I couldn’t care less—I only care about my revenge. Which I will now have to postpone, yet again. 
I made Tommy Boots promise not to mention any of our conversation to John until Sunday, since D-day has now been moved to Monday. By doing that at least I’ll be certain he can’t go back and tell Steve Jones anything. 
Now my doubts are growing on that matter and I’m becoming more and more impatient. Maybe I should have left Tommy Boots in the blind, maybe that would have been better.
I don’t know anymore. Everything’s falling apart at the very end . . .
~Peter
November 3
Friday

I didn’t go through with it since I’m obviously still writing. And Steve Jones was in school today, so it’s a real pity I didn’t. The only thing I can do is hope that Monday will play out the same way. 
Last night I thought long and hard about cutting school today and finally decided that if I did it would make Tommy Boots wonder what was going on. I need him to stay calm and uncertain. If he really wants John safe then he’ll tell him on Sunday night like I asked. If he has the slightest guess of what I’m planning to do he’ll blow my cover to save my life—that I’m sure of. That’s just the caring person he is.
I don’t want to talk about school, since I feel it’s better to remember everyone as they are. And I don’t want to talk bout Dr. White, since I’m going to kill her daughter, but I feel I have to because of what we talked about today.
I was sitting in the familiar leather armchair when she asked me once again, “Peter, are you happy?” Looking at it now it was probably just an inquisitive question, but at the time I thought more of it, a lot more. It seemed that she had seen into the depths of my soul, as if my skin had turned transparent and she could see the morbid thoughts and feelings I now possess and cannot purge. Struggling to lie to her, I found that I couldn’t, and before I knew it I was saying the words, “No, I’m not.” I immediately bit my tongue and held back a shriek of pain. My eyes watered, but she thankfully mistook it for crying and gave me a tissue. The next forty minutes were dedicated to delving into why I was unhappy. This, thankfully, I found I could lie about . . . at least in some small sense. I managed to hide my feelings of being picked on my whole life and about my movement, but spilled my guts on the matter of my parents and how I don’t think they recognize me anymore, how they’re possessed more in their arguing than in rekindling what may be their last chance at saving their marriage.
I didn’t expect it, but Dr. White made me feel better, as she once had before when I was truthful with her. Looking back, I’m just glad that our time together expired before I could disclose any more information. Because, if we’d had just one more hour, just one more, I believe I would have told her everything.
Today was too close. My firm hold on my emotions is slipping.
~Peter
November 4
Saturday

Once again: a blessing in disguise.
I’m glad now that Tommy Boots couldn’t get in touch with John because this afternoon I decided to go to Revina’s Clutch again and test-fire both the Smith and Wesson and the Mouser. To my surprise, the recoil on them was more than I expected, and they ripped free from my grip. If that had happened at school then I might have had to kiss everything goodbye. Anybody with enough intrepidity could have picked up the guns and ended my movement in one carefully executed movement of their own.
After retrieving them and squeezing off a few rounds on each, I grew accustomed to their recoil, and I can now say with confidence that that will not happen again. I left Revina’s Clutch shortly after, not wanting to overstay my welcome. It’s in a pretty remote area—which will silence the gunshots—but kids still go there to ride their bikes and I didn’t want to risk being seen. When I came home I placed the guns with their reloaded magazines and extra clips in my computer tower, where they will sit until Monday morning.
I thought about spending some time with Corolla, kind of like saying my last goodbye, and then thought better of it. The less I see of anyone now the better. I will stay secluded in my room until I’m reborn like the great phoenix from the ashes of the flame.	
I am now patient. I am certain. I have a firm grip on my reality.
~Peter
November 5
Sunday

This is my second time writing it but: Tomorrow’s the big day!
Everything’s ready.
I’ve packed my backpack with twelve pipe bombs and two lighters. I’ve reloaded and double-checked the magazines of the semiautomatics that I will tuck into my belt. And I’ve loaded their extra clips—twenty clips in all—to full capacity. I want to waste nothing I’ve purchased; I plan to rip through every cartridge before I put that final bullet in my head, ending my pain, torture, and suffering.
This has been long overdue.
Every time I close my eyes my mind is bombarded with a collage of pictures consisting of Eric Harris, Dylan Klebold, Seung-Hui Cho, Steve Jones, Jordan Saunders, Casey Vector, Gary Reith, and the blurred, screaming faces of all those who I will soon kill.  
All these years of torment finally taking their toll on my soul.
I want to see everyone cower before the one person they never expected to retaliate. Furthermore, I want to see The Clan trembling at my feet as they beg for their lives. I want to stare into Steve Jones’s eyes before I make him lick my shoes and put a bullet in his head. I want to see the look on Bianca White’s face as I kill her boyfriend and then prepare to kill her. 
That sour bitch will resent the very day she met Steve and started treating me the way she did.
I want to succeed. I want my revenge.
I need only one good roll of the dice.
My time is now.
I am ready.
I have transferred my pain and my fury onto the page.
All that remains is my resolve.
~Peter Wade Rubin 


PETER RUBIN’S JOURNAL
ENDS HERE

{ AFTERWORD }

I would like to take a second to address a few things. First, I must apologize for the abrupt ending. An ending without an ending usually makes the reader feel cheated out of a story. I only did this because what you were reading was Peter’s journal, and in a real journal there would be no afterword or news article explaining what had happened. Simple as that. I had hoped—and still do, in fact—that Peter’s fictional story would be enough to provide a clue as to what really happened the day he went to school to get his revenge on The Clan. If not, then I’m sure your imagination—that powerful tool that gets you through the boring days at the office or class—drew up something even better. 
Second, even though the names and places in this novella are fictitious, the ideas, the hazing, and Peter Rubin’s feelings are not. Take a second and think about what this means. It means that there is at least one student in every school district keeping a journal like the one you have just read. That person may never act out or retaliate the way Peter Rubin did but, then again, he or she might. 
I originally wrote this novella in 2008. If I look back on the news today (March 2012) I can cite several school shootings: Feb. 5, 2010 Madison, Alabama, Jan. 5, 2011 Omaha, Nebraska, Dec. 8, 2011 Blacksburg, Virginia, Feb. 10, 2012 Walpole, New Hampshire, and Feb. 27, 2012
Chardon, Ohio. (Keep in mind that these are only school shootings performed by students or former students. There are many, many other atrocities that have taken place with different murder weapons and different suspects, all motivated by bullying.)
The fact that these events have taken place tells me that bullying is a continuing concern. Schools preach against it, they have anti-bullying and bullying awareness seminars (Rachel’s Challenge being one of the biggest known), and yet school shootings continue to occur because students are still bullied. I’ve been to seminars where parents who lost children to bullying have poured their eyes out, begging for bullies to think twice. Yet . . . bullying still occurs. 
The above methods are working, but they are not enough. 
Since there have been five school shootings (that I could find) since the day I wrote this novella, I thought I’d try another approach (as Albert Einstein once said, Insanity [is] doing the same thing, over and over again, but expecting different results.). I wrote The Journal of Peter Rubin for teachers and parents, so they can remember what it was like to be young and teased and to recognize the early warning signs of troubled individuals. I also wrote it for bullies, in hopes that it will open their eyes to the damage they can cause.
Bullies, next time you tease Freddy because he has braces or Thomas because he has acne, remember that Freddy and Thomas could be writing a journal much like the one you have just read. You never know what your actions might drive another individual to do. You don’t understand the power and impact your words have on others. It may be a cliché, but treat others the way you wish to be treated.
My approach may be a bit different, yes, but the message is still the same: Stop bullying. 
I know there will probably be some critics that question this work of literature due to its subject matter and graphicness, and some may even argue that this work will help those who are being bullied retaliate. In response, I simply counter that if there are no bullies, nobody will need to retaliate. So let’s give this a shot. Let’s see if this helps.

Before I close, I want to lend a few words of advice: 
Being a bystander is a problem, too. If you are a bystander, you are just as guilty as the bully. All it takes is one friend—say Casey Vector in Steve Jones’s case—to say “Hey, man, ease up, it’s not cool anymore.” Those eight words may stop that bully dead in his tracks. The sad thing is, a lot of people would be afraid to stand up to their friends and say those eight words. They may believe, If I say that then Steve won’t think I’m cool anymore. Well, I got news for you: If Steve says you’re stupid or if he doesn’t think you’re cool anymore because you’re trying to stop him from completely devastating somebody’s life, then Steve isn’t really that good of a friend, now is he? 
If you’re on the receiving end, and you’re being bullied, there are a few steps you can take, but the most important one that you should remember is to ASK FOR HELP. Don’t be afraid. Many people who are bullied focus too much on the people that hate them and the people who have embarrassed them. They are also too worried about how the rest of the school views them. Because of this, they forget the people that love them, the people that count the most. If you repress what is happening like Peter did, things will only get worse. Reach out, tell the people who you care about, and together you will be able to get through this difficult time. 
I realize this is an ongoing epidemic (and I use the word “epidemic” because I view bullying as a virulent disease), but we are making headway already. Seminars like Rachel’s Challenge have helped tremendously. Schools are doing their best to bring in emotional speakers. Lady Gaga started the Born This Way Foundation. And I wrote The Journal of Peter Rubin. Together, we are trying to put a stop to bullying. It just takes time and patience. 
If this story can change one person’s mind, stop them from shouting, “Hey, four-eyes!” then I have done my job. 
Arm yourselves with knowledge—words can hurt. Words can kill. And think twice before teasing someone next time.

Vincent Bivona
March 2012

P.S. I’d love to hear what you thought of The Journal of Peter Rubin. Write a review on the page from which you purchased it, write one on Goodreads.com, email me (VincentBivona@yahoo.com) to be put on a mailing list, visit my website (http://www.VincentBivona.com), or write something on my Twitter (@VincentBivona) or Facebook page. Also, feel free to check out some of my other novels. For horror: Left for Dead and Second Coming. For suspense: Bryce. 

Thanks a lot!

{ ACKNOWLEDGMENTS }

Thank you again to my wonderful friends who have taken the time out of their busy schedules to proofread my work and give me their honest opinions when I present a question. 
As always, without you guys, this novel would not be what it is today: Gina Suriano, Christopher Lepore, Rocco Laudadio, and Jacqueline Teta.
A special thanks goes out to Melissa Maiello for her wonderful illustrations. To check out her other work, visit her website: www.MelissaMaiello.com 




COLUMBINE HIGH SCHOOL MASSACRE


Rachel Scott, age 17

Daniel Rohrbough, age 15

   Kyle Velasquez, age 16

Steven Curnow, age 14

Cassie Bernall, age 17

Isaiah Shoels, age 18

Matthew Kechter, age 16

Lauren Townsend, age 18

John Tomlin, age 16

Kelly Fleming, age 16

Daniel Mauser, age 15

Corey DePooter, age 17

Dave Sanders, age 47


VIRGINIA TECH MASSACRE 


Ross Abdallah Alameddine, age 20

Christopher James "Jamie" Bishop, age 35

Brian Bluhm, age 25

Ryan Clark, age 22

Austin Cloyd, age 18

Jocelyne Couture-Nowak

Daniel Perez Cueva, age 21

Kevin Granata, age 46

Mathew Gregory Gwaltney, age 24

Caitlin Hammaren, age 19

Jeremy Herbstritt, age 27

Rachael Elizabeth Hill, age 18

Emily Jane Hilscher, age 19

Jarrett Lane, age 22

Matt La Porte

Henry J. Lee

Liviu Librescu, age 76

G.V. Loganathan, age 51

Partahi Lumbantoruan, age 34

Lauren McCain, age20

Daniel O'Neil, age 22

Juan Ortiz, age 26

Minal Panchal, age 26

Erin Peterson, age 18

Michael Pohle, age 23

Julia Pryde, age 23

Mary Karen Read, age 19

Reema Samaha, age 18

Waleed Mohammed Shaalan, 32

Leslie Sherman

Maxine Turner

Nicole White, 20
