Stairway, and Other Stories
Nathan Thompson

Published by Nathan Thompson at Smashwords

Copyright 2012 Nathan Thompson


This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


****

Table of Contents

Larry the Fish
The Gallows Men
Wisp
Worms
Unfinished Business
Stairway
June 14, 2025, Springfield
And That Night It Came
The Apprentice


****


Larry The Fish
Bob lightly tapped the green container, sprinkling a soft scattering of tan fakes into the clear fishbowl. Larry ignored Bob for a few moments, and then dashed upwards, snatching the food in his mouth, then thrashing his tail furiously, pulling himself around and back down to the safe confines of his own watery world. Bob allowed himself a rare smile, staring at Larry through large horn-rim coke-bottle glasses. His hunched over stance placing his face directly next to Larry, allowing him to easily see Larry darting to and fro in his small fishbowl with multicolored gravel and a fake castle. Gingerly, Bob lowered his little finger into the water, and pulled it out again, just the right temperature for his little friend. He stood watching his friend a few more moments before he hitched up his pants, and sat down again. He stared at the blank staff paper in front of him. His smile was fainter, almost wistful. His hands smoothly positioned themselves over the piano, and slowly lowered themselves, pressing gently on the white ivory keys. A soft chord resonated through the house, echoing through the white plasterboard. His hands paused for a few minutes, feeling the sound in his body. After a while, his hands rose again, and lowered again, playing another chord. This time, only a few fingers moved, and the chord went minor. Bob's left hand shakily reached out, and grabbed the pencil next to the staff paper. As its partner continued to slowly dance across the piano, it began to painstakingly write small black dots, short crisp lines, and smooth curves on the staff paper. Bob closed his eyes, letting the music flow around him.
And then it was gone.
Bob opened his eyes to look at the few measures he had written. The last measures; the last measures of his song. His second song, the song that had taken three years of his life, was finally finished. He sat in silence for a few moments, a silence broken only once by his mother’s haggard cough from the bedroom. Shakily, Bob reached out his hands to the small collection of papers next to the piano, and pulled them onto it. Almost afraid to continue, he carefully began to play.
It was a sultry song; the tempo was slow and methodic, carefully measured in perfect 6-4-time. Carefully he turned the page and continued, the melodies and harmonies meshing together perfectly, just like he had planned. His hands began to move faster, taking in the music they played. He closed his eyes, playing from memory. He could feel the music he played fill the room, tainting it: a sharper shade of color, an acute taste of air.
Bob stopped, and clenched his fists. No, no…it was wrong, it was all completely wrong. He shook his head and tore the staff paper from the piano, tossing it to the floor. He sat, looking at the paper on the ground. It seemed so derisive of what he was trying to do. He stood up, his hunched back placing his head directly next to Larry.
“What am I doing wrong, little friend?” he asked. His hands clasped behind him, clenching and unclenching as if to kneed the air into a soft mush to be shaped by his hands. Larry moved slowly around his bowl, thinking carefully. Finally he looked at Bob, his bright body glinting in the soft glow of the waning sunlight from the side window.
“Well?” Bob asked. Larry remained silent, and resumed swimming. Bob sighed, and shook his head as he shuffled off into his apartment. He wasn’t smiling any more.
He reached the kitchen and flicked the light switch on. Rubbing his hand on his pants, he opened the refrigerator to see a strange assortment of condiments, bread, a half bottle of orange juice, moldy cheese, and half a leftover chicken thigh. Bob rubbed his brow for a few seconds, staring at the food before he closed the fridge again.
A piece of paper taped to the fridge door caught his eye. Slowly he remembered how, in his shuddering cursive, he had reminded himself of things to be done today. Reading the first item on the list, he walked to his phone. He picked up the receiver and started to dial one of the numbers on the yellow piece of paper taped to the phone.
“Bobby!” came a shrill cry. “Did you remember to refill my medicine?”
“I’m calling them now, mother. Go back to sleep.”
“I’m dying you know! I’m 93!” she called back.
“I know, mother.”
“If you had gotten a real job like your brothers, instead of just played that damn piano for your whole life, you might be able to get me some real care!” Any more was cut off with a haggard cough.
“Save your strength, mother. Just use the bell.” His brothers. Bob shook his head. He didn’t speak to his brothers much anymore. He was too busy with taking care of Mom, and they were too busy not taking care of her.
He finished dialing and told the pharmacist that he was running out of pain medication. Very good sir, the refill will be sent within a day or two. Thank you. He hung up, and walked to the piano. He looked at it for a few minutes, and then sat down in front of it for a few more before he got up again and shuffled back to the kitchen. He ran a placid eye over the rest of his to-do list. He wasn’t going to get anywhere with his music here. He decided to take a walk.
“I’ll be right back, mother.”
There was no reply. Bob stepped softly into her room to see her snoring on the bed, her frail features sunken and withered. Bob kissed her softly on the forehead, and left the apartment.

Bob stood outside Eddie B's bar. He slowly took a last drag on his cigarette, and dropped it, stomping it out before he entered. He didn't know why, but he didn’t like smoking in a bar. It just didn't seem proper to him. Of course, everyone else laughed at him, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. He came close a few times, but his hands always froze before the flame of his match met his cigarette. He didn't bother now. He glanced at his watch. Five more minutes before the bar closed. He had time.
"Hey, Bob!" yelled a voice when the door swung open into the dimly lit room. Bob closed the door, and waited for his eyes to completely adjust before he moved any further into the bar.
Eddie B's Bar was Bob's only haven outside of his music. A place where the gang could meet on weekends when Joe didn't work at the construction site, and Danny didn't have to leave before 6 to pick up his kids. Bob, Danny, Joe, and Steve. It was their home away from home. There they talked about their days, shared a quick beer, and chatted with Dan, the bartender. Dan was the owner of the voice that had called to him, and now said:
“The usual?”
“Yeah, hey there, Dan. How’s it going?” Bob said, carefully sitting down at the bar, accepting the mug of beer.
“Not too bad. Business is slow. How’re things with you?”
“Not great.”
“That’s too bad. How are your grand-kids? Still in school?”
“Yeah. They started sixth grade this year.” Bob smiled at the thought of his three grand-kids. They weren’t truly his; they were his ex-wives grand-kids. Bob had never had children; he had married her at fifty-two, three years before her second stroke; she didn’t survive the night. He scratched his chin and took a sip of beer.
“How about your brothers? How are they?”
Bob shrugged; He didn’t speak much with Jason any more. Jason was too busy with the ER to ever take a trip to visit. He had moved to Wyoming just before Mom had taken ill, and couldn’t take her in because he was always being called away from home to take care of emergency patients. The phone call from Maine to Wyoming was too much money for Bob to spend, so he never talked to Jason. Nicholas lived closer though; he had stayed in Maine when he left college like Bob had, so it was easier to keep in touch with him. He called Bob every once in a while to check up on Mom, and see if there was anything he needed. ‘No,’ Bob always said, ‘she is fine.’ ‘Thanks for taking care of her,’ Nick always said next. ‘I couldn’t because of the Restaurant.’
Whether it was because of moving to a new location, or getting a new cook, or building a new chain, Nick never could look after Mom. Bob understood. He understood why both of his brothers couldn’t look after Mom. They both had wanted to put her in a hospice.
"So how's your job. Still work at library?" Dan asked, emptying ashes from the clear plastic ashtray into a trashcan under the counter.
"Yeah. It’s good." Bob said, staring at his beer. He loved the library. It was quiet there. He could think without concerns filling his mind. His job was to re-stack the books on the shelves. He liked that job. He didn’t have to think much about it. He could concentrate on his music. Whenever he had a free moment he listened to Brahms and Chopin in the Listening Room. There was something safe about the library.
“How’s the song going?”
“Finished.” Bob took another sip.
“Is it really? Wow. Been almost a year, hasn’t it? Congratulations.”
“No. It’s not a good song.”
“It isn’t? You said it was good a few days ago, didn’t you?”
“It wasn’t finished then.” Bob sniffed.
“Ah. Well, you don’t have long to finish the beer before I have to close.”
Shaken from his thoughts, Bob shifted around in his stool, peering though his glasses at the bar patrons. Dan had been right. Business seemed slower than usual. Two women sat in the far corner, already getting up to leave as they worked out who owed how much to the bill. A man in a sport coat sat in the middle of the room, leaning back in his chair, blowing smoke rings from his cigarette to the ceiling fans, and watching them get torn apart by the spinning blades. Bob turned more in his stool, when his gaze fell upon the piano sitting in the middle of the room, up against the main support pillar. Behind it was an old bookshelf holding random knick-knacks. It was a haphazard display, with things like the bullet pulled out of Dan’s leg after the war, an old small tin ballet dancer from a set you could send away for, a small iron picture frame with a white background for a photograph, a pewter mug with the words “gröss spiel” etched in the side, and several other odds and ends scattered along the shelves. An old push broom leaned up against the bookshelf, collecting dust and cobwebs. On busy nights, at least one intoxicated patron would always try to play “heart and soul” or “tea for two” on it. The piano itself had always been very out of tune. Bob had only tried playing on it once, and it had sounded so bad that he never touched it again.
“Hey, Bob!” came a voice. Dan smiled sadly and shook his head, filling a second glass of beer. He set it down next to Bob, and moved off, muttering how he needed to get ready to close up. A blast of smoke hit Bob the face. He turned to see Joe walking up to him, a large cigar in his teeth. He threw himself onto the stool next to Bob, snatching the glass up and downing it in three gulps. He let out a belch, and adjusted his white dress shirt as he grinned wolfishly at Bob. 
“Have to go to some restaurant with my wife after this. Thought I’d save the trouble of changing the shirt later…just did it now.”
Bob nodded and turned back to his beer. Joe took a long drawl on his cigar.
"So, Bob." He said, smoothly.
"So, Joe." Bob sniffed. He didn’t feel like talking to Joe right now. 
"How've you been?"
"Fine."
"Life treating you well?"
"Sure. How are you?"
"Can't complain."
"That's good."
Joe took another pull on his cigar, and blew a cloud of smoke into Dan’s face as he took the empty glass from him.
"How's your mom?" he asked, running a hand through his dark greasy hair.
"Worse."
"Sorry, you still good?"
"I'm holdin' up."
"Good."
Joe took a big pull of his cigar, casting a soft puff of smoke floating past Bob's face. The ceiling fans turned off, ending the soft hum that until recently had filled the room. Joe took another pull.
"So how's your grand-kids.?"
"They’re fine."
"Good. How old are they now?"
"Closing up boys." came Dan’s voice from the other end of the empty bar. Joe grinned viciously, and blew smoke towards him. 
"Oh come on. It's just me and Bob. Come on Dan. He's still got his beer to get through."
"Well...okay, but only five more minutes."
Joe grinned back at Bob, proud of himself. Bob took a sip of his beer.
"I never told you about what happened on Thursday, did I?"
"What?" asked Bob, his mind drifting back to the present.
"On Thursday. What happened?"
"No, no you didn't."
"I'll tell you then. You know Freddy Benson, from the site?"
"You told me about him, yes.” Bob fiddled with his glass. He tried to remember what he had been thinking about, but he couldn’t.
“Well, guess what happened on Thursday. He went up to the top floor on this building, you seen the building we got to build?"
"Big, isn't it?"
"Huge! The big sucker’s bigger than any building I've ever worked on. Fifteen floors. Fifteen!"
"You don't say."
"Fifteen! And he goes to the top, right? Freddy goes to the top. Fifteenth floor, right? And he just goes right up. You know Greg, right? Even Greg won’t just go up to the top. He waits, you know? Well Freddy’s just up there, right? Just up at the top.”
“You don’t say.”
“Yeah. Up at the top. He’s got his gear on, right? He’s got his straps and stuff, and he’s up at the top. Well, he straps himself on the wire, right? He can’t fall off, right? Well, he picks up the rivet gun and starts to work, and he falls. He falls right off, but the wire’s still got him, right?”
“Yeah.” Bob pushed away his beer. He didn’t feel like drinking anymore.
“Yeah, he isn’t falling or anything, but the strap got caught, right? The strap got caught on something or other, and it was choking him. It was choking him completely. He couldn’t breathe.”
“Is he okay?”
“What? Yeah, sure he is, but that’s not it. He was strapped in, and it was choking him. Wild huh?”
“Yeah. Wild.”
“Time’s up boys,” said Dan, tapping the bar in front of them. Bob pushed away his nearly full beer glass, and got up. Joe blew one large puff of smoke at Dan, grinned madly, and started out of the bar.
“Oh, Bob, I forgot to tell you. The piano got fixed.”
Bob stopped and looked back at the piano. Light from the window was illuminating it in the hazy mist of smoke and beer. The nicks and scratches of many years seemed more defined and sharp then they had before. Bob walked over to it and slowly ran his hands over the top.
“You want to play?” Dan asked. Bob didn’t answer for a few minutes, slowly running his hands over the keys, his old hands looking strangely yellow in the light. Joe called from the doorway:
“You play? No kidding? I never knew that. Know any good songs?”
Bob sat down before he realized what he was doing. His wrinkled hands slowly positioned themselves over the piano, and slowly lowered themselves, pressing gently on the white ivory keys. A soft chord resonated through the bar, echoing through the brick walls. His hands paused for a few minutes, feeling the sound flow through his body, warming his tired bones. Slowly, surely, his hands rose again, and lowered again, playing another chord. This time, only a few fingers moved, and the chord changed. Gradually, his fingers began to move faster and smoother. He closed his eyes, playing from memory a song long known, but never played. The only song he ever composed. His hands began to move faster. The notes echoed and filled the room with their glory. He felt his old tired body lift away and float with the music. With his eyes closed he was finally free. No moldy cheese, no cigarettes, nothing. He was free, floating in the warm nothingness between his heart and his soul.
And then, as quickly as it came, the moment passed. His hands held the last chord as long as they could, before the echoes faded completely. Joe broke the silence.
“So that’s it, is it?”
“That’s it.”
“Not bad. I never knew you could play.”
“I can. I did.”
“Yeah, well, I gotta get home to the old ball and chain. See you tomorrow?”
“Sure.”
“Bye then.” And Joe was gone, the door creaking shut. Bob sat still for a few moments, and then stood up. 
“That was beautiful Bob,” said Dan, a kindly smile on his face. Bob nodded slowly, trying to keep his smile. “Does it have a name?” Dan asked.
“Larry’s song.”
“Very beautiful.”
“I know.”
Bob reached into his wallet when Dan waved his hand in dismissal. “Don’t worry about it. That beer was on the house. See you tomorrow?”
Bob shrugged, giving the piano one last glance. He walked outside, and back to his apartment. Had it gotten brighter while he was inside? It seemed like it. He stood breathing in the afternoon air until he remembered his mother was probably wondering where he was. Bob stood a few seconds more before he walked home, his head bowed, to try to write another song.

Table of Contents


****


The Gallows Men
The fading sunlight seeped into the cell, past jagged iron grating that had long since turned reddish brown from rust. The birdsong of twilight began to dwindle, joining the sun in slowly sliding away from the grim event that was about to occur. Through the grating, Mary Harker watched as the random passers-by slowly faded from sight, returning to their cozy homes, loving families, and warm meals.
Mary turned from the window to her cell. Stone walls with an iron door was all that separated her from the world, but it was enough. There was little light, and only a small rat-hole in the corner that had long since been vacated. Even the rats would not stay in this cell for long – the stench of the dead reached all the way from the gallows. Mary nudged the small plate of bread that the jailer had given her. Perhaps it was Christian courtesy, or maybe some cruel joke, but the jailer had placed a small runny yellow glob of butter on the bread. She watched as the slimy fat slid its way down the stale wheat before she turned away. She wasn't hungry at the moment.
The gallows was already up. She could see it quite easily from the grating. Its trunk was good and thick, and the arm looked straight and strong. The noose hung loose and low – an unassuming harbinger of the grim event to come. They had built the gallows in half an hour – seven strong men working fast, under the stern gaze of the Sheriff. He had been adamant that she would be dead before morning.
They had made sure to carry each and every piece of wood by the jail house, and she had seen the workmen sweating and grunting with the effort. The sound of their hammers had echoed throughout the town, playing counterpoint to the bells of the clock on city-hall. When they finished, they sat on the wooden planks for less than a quarter-hour before heading back home to their wives, leaving the dark tree to stare with one unblinking eye at Mary's cell.
A sound outside drew her back to the grating. Standing on her small cot, she could just manage to look out onto the street below, and there he saw the march begin. Everyone in town – poor, rich, young, old, men and women, even the dogs and horses – all were filtering onto the street and heading south.

She saw him on the street, walking with his shriveled matron of a wife. His paunch sagged under his suit. His face glistened in the heat, sweat dripping down from the brow of his hat. His silk tie wrinkled under his thick chin as he pulled his golden watch out of his vest, and checked the time. The gold glinted in the sun.

Mary tried to breathe slowly as the cell door was unlocked, and opened to the blocky shape of Sheriff Pike. Pike was a loud man, a boisterous and blustering sheriff, who Mary had always thought a bit of a fool. He could always be found at the saloon, and his wide gray mustache drooped, making him look like a woeful bloodhound.
Now, however, framed in the doorway of the cell, his ruddy and slightly chubby face looked gaunt and hollow. He slowly stepped back from the door, pocketing the keys. He raised his hand and pointed, once, to the hall, ushering Mary to her fate.
He had made that gesture once before, to the same effect, in his house when his wife was away.
The wagon was short and squat, really just enough for one person to stand on. The horse stood still and silent, while the driver turned his head ever so slowly to watch Mary walk from the courthouse. His flat wide-brimmed black cap perched atop a birds-nest of silver white hair that glinted in the setting sun, and he squinted at her through the distance as she slowly strode to the wagon.
The town would talk about this for some time, she was certain. Such an execution. And by hanging! Hardly the gentlemanly method for disposing of a lady. There would be whispers in the town for a good year at most, and Sheriff Pike couldn't get rid of them all.
And as time passed, there would be justice. She knew. It would not be swift, but it would come, and cleanly and inevitably as the butcher's knife.
Calmly and with as much elegance as she could muster, Mary accepted the hangman's hand, and stepped upon the wagon. The driver flicked the reigns, and the ancient wagon began to move, creeping slowly towards the gallows.

She turned away, coyly. She could feel his eyes on her back as she slowly strolled to the side table, casually picking up a brown family photograph in its frame. She felt the floorboards shift as his feet drew him near to her, his sour breath wafting through her nose. His voice was rough and laden with intent.
“She won't return until next week.”

The entire town had come out to watch her execution. Young children whose bedtimes were long past, old women who nodded righteously a the fate of the unclean. Young men who averted their gaze when her eyes met them. Onward the wagon rattled, down the ruddy hallway, framed by dour and stern townsfolk. The light dwindled darker still as they drew closer to the shadowy tree of judgment. As night drew nigh, the clouds fell to earth, cloaking the ghastly parade in masks of icy mist. The chill wind blew through her dress, biting at her silky skin. In the dim light, she looked through the dark collection of onlookers. Mutely they stared at her as the creaking wagon carried her towards the grim gallows.
As they drew nearer still, the misty haze suddenly lifted, revealing as a rising curtain in a macabre pantomime the crowd of mute and pallid onlookers. Their skin was brown and rotten, the flesh putrid and rank, filling the air with a thick and course stench. Pus and boils festered on their foul limbs, while maggots and worms poked their heads through the squelching ooze to wave blindly in the cold night air. Their clothing was ragged and torn, moth-eaten and caked with mud and dirt. Here and there a cloak of moss, or polished twig poked through the sea of dust and grime. Their eyes were empty and cold, deep and echoing, piercing her soul to the core. She tried to scream, but no sound came.
As in a dream, the hangman took Mary from the wagon, and placed her on the rotting planks of the gallows. Trance-like, she stepped onto the small box to allow the hangman to slip the noose around her neck, and tighten it to her skin. The Sheriff spoke, then the Pastor. She could not hear them, her attention was consumed by the phalanx of empty stares that did not tear their gaze from her trembling form.
One stood tallest, over the sea of the dead. His neck was bent, and his tongue lulled lazily out from black and gaping teeth, half chewed from carrion birds. A clump of cobwebs sprouted from the rotten scalp, drifting slowly in the frozen wind. Though he had no eyes, nor voice, nor soul, a burning and loathsome connection struck her in the heart. She knew in an instant that these were no decaying statues. They saw her, clear as day. They smelled her skin and heard her breath. They had come to watch her fate.
The Sheriff spoke again, and the hangman bent down...
She fell...

She stared at him, a burning rage rising in her cheeks. She felt her hand move before she could stop it, and strike him across the face. They were silent and still then, until she could bare it no more, and strode out of the room. He followed, ushering her outside. As they left, she saw his wife, fanning herself by the doorway, her face a mask of loathing. She knew then what her fate was to be, and why she would never again be free. The wife nodded once, and followed them both to the jail.

The rope dug into her neck, burning her skin like a brand. Her lungs filled with caustic bile as her mouth tried to gasp, but her stomach could not obey.
She was too light!
Her mind could not think, the horror of her state blinding her mind to conscious thought. She felt her neck squeeze closed as the rough rope clawed at her jaw. Her lungs began to burn, the tickling flames creeping through her chest. Her rolling eyes met the gaze of the Gallows Men. They had not moved through the ordeal, still standing like statues, staring her in the face. Longing filled their empty eyes. Silent screams of dances from the beyond, and meals of hunger and thirst. The icy menagerie stood sentinel, whispering into her mind the horrible delights of the shadows in the night-time. Rocky crags hidden underneath seas of tears and blood. Empty caverns of lost hopes and wasted days. Dead and blackened trees whispering failed prayers and unanswered pleas. The thousands of moments of her life that would never come to pass.
Desperately she fought. Her lungs struggled to pull any measure of life-sustaining air past the coarse hemp and save her from her fate. Her legs swung frantically, causing her body to spasm and jerk on the noose, sending sharp daggers of red into her eyes. And still the men stood, the gaping holes in their flesh calling out to her, gently teasing her soul, whispering through their hollow chests. No matter how hard she tried, she could not escape the pull, and in horror she felt the crushing pain slowly fade. As the mist claimed her sight, and sharp bubbles burst in her brain, she thought she saw the tall Gallows Man move, raising its hands in exultation.

Table of Contents


****


Wisp
“You're a cold-blooded bastard, you are,” Ronald tossed a thick sleeping-roll to Danial, grinning a sinister grin. “This must be twenty miles from town.”
“Or thirty at least,” Kenny sighed, lowering his body onto a large rock. “Seriously, Danial, why are we doing this? And don't give us any of that macho 'guy's trip' garbage, we could have gone to Vegas.”
“Hell, even L.A.” Ethan muttered darkly as he dropped his backpack to the ground. He had been quiet for most of the trip, opting to hike in silence through the dark forest. Danial opened his arms wide.
“Come on now, this is an adventure! I don't want to spend all my time with you guys just getting drunk, gambling away my money, and masturbating myself to sleep in Vegas.”
“We're not doing that?” Kenny looked distraught. Ronald threw himself onto the ground next to him, slinging his backpack aside.
“No, we are, but caveman Danial here wants mosquitoes around too. It's a West Coast thing.” he rummaged around in his pockets until he managed to fish his phone out into the open. He tapped it a few times, and then theatrically shook it next to his ear. “There. No bars. Happy?”
“I've seen horror movies that start this way,” Ethan shook his head, pulling his own sleeping roll out of his bag. “How long do we need to stay here before you've recharged?”
Danial sighed, clearing a space to start a fire. He was used to it, now. After a full day of travel, his friends were more than willing to point out the relative absurdity of his plan. All four of them in the woods, alone - what was the point? They hadn't bought his 'communing with nature' ploy, so he had whipped together an unhappy month at work, and a need to reconnect with his friends and recharge. It wasn't too much of a stretch. He had already resolved to start sending out his resume once he returned. Kenny began searching for twigs as Ronald helped build a rock circle to hold the flame.
“Only a day or two, that's all I ask,” Danial said, looking up at Ethan's dour face. “Then I'll take you all back to Donnigan's and buy you a round. The home brew too, not that 312 shit.”
“Heh, keep that sour lip trembling, Ethan, we might be able to get him to buy us strippers,” Ronald sniggered, slapping Danial on the back. “Don't mind him, Danny. We're with you on this. It'll be fun! Letting our hair grow, beating up smaller mammals for fun, wrestling bears for honey...”
“I'd be satisfied with a fire,” Kenny tossed his pile of sticks into the stone circle. “It looks like rain.”
“It's looked like rain for two days,” Danial shook his head. “The forecast said clear weather for the next week, practically. Don't worry. You'll be nice and toasty warm in a matter of minutes.”
Kenny snorted a 'we'll see' snort, and walked off to look for larger branches. Ronald shook his head.
“Don't worry about it – I think this'll be fun,” he kicked a stone into place. Danial shrugged, fitting his own into the dirt.
“I just wanted you guys along, is all. I know it's not your thing, but I'm glad you're here.”
“I'm getting a round out of it – I'll stick it out.” Ethan smiled ruefully. “I'll talk about sports and girls and scratch myself and everything.”
“You do realize we're going to talk about football, baseball, and shit, right? You're the only one here who thinks golf is a sport.”
Ethan stared at Ronald for a few moments, and then turned to Danial.
“I'm done. When can I go home?”

Danial spun his fork in his fingers, toying aimlessly with his food. Affecting a practiced calm, he glanced up and stared yet again down the street. Kenny was later than usual. It was a small cafe, fairly close to Kenny's apartment. It shouldn't take him more than fifteen minutes to walk to, even in his old-age. Unless, of course, something had happened. He tried not to think about it as his hand rubbed itself against the napkin in his lap. He'd have to remember to schedule their weekly luncheon earlier in the day... or perhaps show up later.
He looked down again at his meal. A cold tuna-fish sandwich with a pasta salad. For some reason it looked less appetizing in person than it had in his mind. The limp whitish-pink patty of fish was slowly peeling itself off, threatening to drop onto the plate if not caught. Danial carefully nudged the glob of tuna back into the sandwich, thwarting its escape. Dropping the fork in exasperation, he twisted himself around in his seat to see if he could see Kenny approaching.
Nothing.
The swirling bustle of movement that passed for life in the city surged around the small cafe, hundreds of men and women going about their daily business, minding their lives. Danial scratched at the back of his neck, and forced a fork of pasta salad down his throat, barely tasting it. He quickly grabbed a drink of water, just as Kenny was lowering himself to the chair in front of him.
“Sorry I'm late,” he muttered, not meeting Danial's gaze. Danial nodded, gesturing at the plate of food in front of him with his fork.
“Already started without you,” he said, licking sauce out of his mustache. Kenny nodded.
“Can see that, not blind yet,” he retorted. His tone was cool, but not reproachful. Danial shifted uneasily in his chair.
“How have you been?” he asked, taking another bite of food. Kenny shrugged, putting on a pair of reading glasses and reaching for the menu.
“Old,” he sighed, sucking on a tooth. “Too old for my age. Tired. Haven't been sleeping well. How about you?”
“Can't complain,” Danial shrugged carefully. “I know what you mean about too old. My god, I feel like I'm seventy five. What did I do in forty years to wear myself out that much?”
Kenny didn't answer. He just looked at Danial, oddly, like he had never met Danial before, and was seeing him for the first time. After a moment, he sniffed and returned his gaze to the menu. Life continued to swirl about them like water flowing down a sink drain.

“All I'm saying is a sport isn't something you can play alone. Solitaire isn't a sport, is it? They don't have competitions to see who can win the fastest, do they?” Kenny took a swig from his beer.
“They do for Rubik’s cubes. Crosswords too. You name it, it can be made a sport,” Danial stretched in the chill night air. The fire was burning high, warming his front, but leaving his back cold.
“And it's not like golf doesn't have competitions,” Ethan pointed out, his legs tucked up to his chest. He was leaning against the same stone Kenny had been sitting on earlier, a small distance from the fire. He didn't seem to mind the chill. Ronald scoffed.
“Those aren't competitions, they're showcases. They wouldn't play any differently if there was one player or twenty-nine. A real sport has conflict. Aggression. If we're playing a game, I need to be able to affect your play, just like you need to be able to affect mine. Golf, you're just getting a low score. You can do that any time, anywhere, and it doesn't make a difference.”
“So what, you think there should be two holes, and each golfer is trying to sink the ball in their own?” Danial grinned at the idea. Ethan snorted.
“It'd be a sport, then,” Ronald shrugged. Kenny nodded his agreement. “It'd never work, of course, but that's why it's a stupid game, in addition to not being a sport.”
“Okay,” Ethan cast his eyes around the site, pawing through the dirt. “Where's a stick. Or a rock. Something to kill you with. Slowly too, fucker. It's gutting time for you.”
Danial laughed, nudging Ethan sharply with his foot, causing them both to unbalance and roll over in the dust. They all joined in the laughter, tossing dirt clods at each other, before returning to their beers.
“Why is the conflict so important, then?” Ethan said, once he was upright again. Kenny groaned.
“Oh let it alone,” he took another swig. “Lets not go philosopher – not now. I'm too drunk to think about stupid things.”
“No, I'm serious,” Ethan suppressed a giggle. “Why is the competition necessary for a game to be elevated to a sport?”
“You know you use longer words when you're drunk?” Ronald whispered loudly, so everyone could hear. Danial interjected while Ethan dissolved into a giggling fit.
“I think it's genetics. Something about survival of the fittest, and self improvement. I don't know, though, I'm kinda buzzed.”
“Now you,” Ronald pointed a finger in Danial's general direction across the fire. “You get all quiet and start philsoph... philph... ahem... philosophizing. You're a quiet drunk.”
“And you start shitting,” Kenny kicked a stick at Ronald, sniggering. “Shit flies out of your mouth, all over the place, and we can't stop you from shitting on our conversations.” Ronald gasped, covering his ears with his hands.
“My ears! You foul-mouthed fucker! Now I'm going to grow up to become a delinquent. Thanks so very much.”
“You ain't never growing up, bastard,” Danial grinned, tossing his empty beer bottle aside into the grass.
“Do you guys hear that?” Ethan muttered, quietly. Ronald giggled.
“I hear that! I hear lots of that! Which that in particular?” he upended the beer bottle over his open mouth, while reaching for another with his other hand. Ethan waved his hands.
“No, shush!” 
They all fell silent. The stars shone dimly, hidden by the tall trees and the brightness of the flame. The smoke, camouflaged in the darkness, made the tiny lights skitter and jump in their eyes, like candles. Far off in the distance, a wolf howl reached their ears.
“Just a wolf,” Kenny shrugged, wiping his forehead. Ethan shook his head.
“No, it wasn’t that... it was... like bells or something.”
“Bells?” Ronald grinned drunkenly as he opened his fourth bottle. “Did you get your wings?”
“I'm serious...” Ethan wasn't smiling. “Can't you feel it?”
Danial looked out from the circle of light, peering deeply into the flickering shadows of the forest. The night had fallen softly, settling over the trees like a fog, thick and cold. The dim light of the fire did not seem so warm as it had before, and instead seemed only to contrast the hidden twisting shadows of the trees, meshing together like a net, just beyond his vision.
It reminded him of when he was young. His house had a small forest out past their backyard that normally looked calm and almost inviting in the morning. At nighttime, however, when he was trying to sleep, he would hear the ghostly wail of the wind whistling through the tree branches, and the soft hissing of leaves scraping against each other like blades on whetting stones. Nighttime had a way of turning the most beautiful and soothing things into sinister imaginings.
“Ghost stories,” Ronald sniggered to himself, swallowing another gulp.

Most of the meal passed in relative silence. Kenny ordered a small salad, and poked at it dispassionately, periodically dripping more and more vinaigrette over it, until all of the the leaves were brown and wet. The waiter came and refilled their water, dutifully asking if everything was okay, or if he could get anything else for them. Time and again, Danial would wave him away, his mouth inevitably full of a forcefully choked down bite of tuna or salad.
He used to love tuna.
After almost half an hour, they tried talking to each other. Danial politely asked about Kenny's family and work, while Kenny returned the favor. Ironically, it turned out that neither of them had kept in touch with their families much, and their work had been little better than something to pass the time with. They ended up talking about sports they hadn't played in years, movies they hadn't seen, and eventually, when they had almost run out of possibilities, the weather.
After almost an hour, Danial ordered a bottle of wine, hoping it would get better. They shared the wine, sipping fitfully, searching for something to say that wasn't the subject they were trying to avoid. Finally, when they were almost completely through the bottle, Kenny looked up from his plate at Danial.
“Do you think about it much?”
“Who, Ronald?” Danial asked, his heart slowly sinking through his torso to his stomach. Kenny shrugged.
“Any of it, really.”
“I think about death,” Danial sighed quietly. “I keep waiting for it. Sometimes I feel like I really want it. Like it would be a vac... a release.”
“It wasn't for Ronald,” Kenny muttered darkly. Danial leaned back quickly in his chair.
“Would you like some more wine?” he asked, louder than he should have. Kenny winced slightly in shame.
“I didn't mean...”
“Come on, drink up.” Danial poured the last of the wine into Kenny's almost full glass, slopping some on the table. Kenny stared at the red stain, slowly spreading over the white table-cloth, and slowly picked up the glass, nodding silently.
“It was quick,” he said, finally, setting the glass down again. Danial looked out over the bustling city. Thousands of people all moving, between trees of brick and steel and glass. Breathing the gasoline tainted air, and drinking the fluoride-flavored water. He shuddered, and reached for his own glass.
“It wasn't quick at all,” he said, drinking deeply. “It took fifty-eight years.”

"What took fifty-eight years?" Ronald asked. Daniel looked up from the path.
"Not fifty, twenty. Twenty-eight years it took me to realize my life plan wasn't working out. So I'm quitting when I get back."
"Well," Ronald gave a low whistle. "That's a big step without having something to go to, right?”
Daniel tried not to look Ronald in the eyes. He had thought about how to explain the situation. How he could feel himself fading every day that he went into work – how when he sat down at his desk, all he could think about was everything he wasn't doing, and how badly he wanted to do it. He had always disregarded 'soul-crushing' as terribly cliche, but after four years, he had trouble finding a better phrase. His father had told him that hard work would pay out in the end, and he needed to pay his dues to climb the ladder, but Daniel was sure now that whatever was at the top wasn't worth the daily grind.
"Keep up, you fatties!" Ethan yelled from a few yards ahead. "You keep dawdling and we'll leave you behind!" 
"You heard the douche," Ronald slapped Daniel on the back. "Let's go home and get you unemployed."
"How's your girl?" Daniel asked, picking up his pace slightly to catch up with Kenny and Ethan. "You both okay?"
Ronald shrugged, pulling his phone out of his pocket. He glanced at it, sighing.
"Yeah, we're fine. I'm going to catch holy hell for not checking in, but whaddya gonna do? No bars still."
"How serious are you two getting?" Daniel asked with a sidelong glance at his friend. Ronald kept staring straight ahead, his face glowing a faint pink. After a moment, Daniel nodded. "Serious enough then. Got it. Come on, let's go home."

"If you want, sure. Go home," Kenny dropped his napkin on the table, reaching for his wine-glass. The waiter had returned twice now with full wine bottles at Kenny's urging. "I'm going to finish this bottle."
"No," Daniel said, rubbing his forehead. "I don't want to go home. Here is fine."
"You just said we should go home," Kenny insisted, gulping his wine. Daniel tried to look confused, but Kenny's hand froze as he returned the glass to the table. "You still hear it?"
"Hear what?" Daniel desperately lied. Kenny stared him full in the face, his wrinkled eyes sharp and accusatory. Daniel sipped his wine, avoiding his friend's gaze.
"Do you still hear them?" Kenny asked, pointedly. Daniel shrugged as Kenny nodded. "I do. I still hear the arguments, and the... laughter, and the bells. I try to ignore it, and sometimes I can, but every once in a while..."
"I dream about it, sometimes," Daniel lamely admitted. Kenny leaned forward, gripping the ends of the table with his hands.
"It's not natural," he hissed, sharply. "It's like I'm possessed! I feel like I'm back there, fighting and arguing and hating... I just keep playing through the events over and over again. I can't make it stop!"
Daniel glanced around at the other tables. The afternoon was wearing on - there were only two other patrons at a table at the other side of the doors to the cafe. He nodded slowly, and reached for his wine while Kenny calmed down. After a few deep breaths, his hands slowly released from the table and rose to wipe his face.
"What was the plan?" Kenny finally asked, clearing his throat. Daniel shook his head, confused. "What you were talking to Ronald about. I remember hearing you said your plan wasn't working. What was it?"
Daniel cleaned his throat with another sip of wine, and licked his lips.
"Work," he said, sadly. "Find a job I can do, and work until I get offered a better job. Then do it again. Then get married. Then have kids... The plan." Daniel sighed, thinking back. He had been so adament on quitting - he remembered fuming on the trip up to the woods, and bending Ethan's ear about how awful the job was. He remembered listing the reasons why he could never go back, and had to find something that fulfilled him.
He remembered coming home after the trip, and heading right to work the next day.
"You never did quit, did you?" Kenny asked, his eyes brittle. Daniel shook his head, and Kenny's head sagged. He was obviously upset, Daniel realized. It was surprising - he'd never thought Kenny would have cared whether he quit or not.

“It was this way, I know it. The fallen log right here, remember? We passed it on the way up,” Ethan adjusted his pack on his back, swatting at his neck. “The car has to be just a few more yards down.”
“I can't say I remember it...” Ronald spat, his panting breath sounding rough and ragged in Danial's ears. “But if it gets me out of this god-damn vacation any faster, I'll believe you.”
“We're not lost,” Kenny muttered, wiping his forehead. “We've been going straight down the path. We came straight up, we go straight down. I'm sure I saw lights from the highway a little while ago. It's not complicated.”
“I don't suppose the car was stolen?” Daniel suggested, and immediately wished he hadn't. The others looked at him, coldly.
“Not funny, man.”
“I've still got no bars...”
“This whole thing was your idea, you know. If you want to be useful, help us get out of here.”

"That's what you kept saying," Daniel's eyes focused on the half-empty wine-bottle. "Like it was my responsibility. My duty to get you all out of the forest. I'm no leader, I never was, but you all expected me to do it right, first try."
"We kept going south," Kenny muttered, his wine-soaked tongue lazily slipping out of his dark lips. "And down. South and down..."

“How can I get us out of here?” Danial opened his arms, encompassing the dark and twisted trees around them. “I've got a compass that tells us what we already know – we're headed south. South is down, and south is towards the car. We haven't turned, we haven't strayed, we're heading in the right direction. All we can do now is keep going until we find the car.”
“Than just keep quiet until we get there, and you're buying us two fucking rounds after this.”
“Three,” interjected Ronald, holding his phone above his head and staring at it.
“Fine, three,” Ethan swatted his arm. “But until then, don't remind us that you're the reason we're out here.”
“Nothing. No signal at all...” Ronald hissed. Kenny swatted him upside the head.
“God damn it, Ronald,” he barked. “Give it up with the fucking phone! That bitch of yours isn't getting her check-in! Just live without your leash for one God-Damn hour!”
It was only a moment – barely two seconds – but to Danial it felt like an hour. Ronald slowly lowered the phone to his side, and set his jaw like a stone, jutting out in front of his tight lips. His eyes blazed with barely suppressed fury that was met by Kenny's.
“Too far,” Ethan interrupted, quickly. “That was too far, man. Cool it.”
“No, keep on talking, asshole,” Ronald stepped forward. “We all want to hear about my girl – fucking talk!”

"I'm trying!" Kenny's hand slapped on the table. "It's hard to think of what to say!"
"Talk about before," Daniel prompted, his hands quaking slightly. The air was getting cold, and thin. "Why were you so upset I never quit?"
"Because nothing's good anymore," Kenny whispered, his fingers dancing on the tablecloth. "Ronald's dead, and you know about Ethan... I haven't had a pleasant evening since... and you never quit the job you hated. We're all dead, really. All four of us is dead in our own special way."
Daniel stared at his friend, unblinking. The chill wind faded into the faint sounds of the world passing by. Kenny was drunk, Daniel hoped, rubbing his hands together. He was drunk, and rambling. Struggling, he fought the question down that he had been wanting to ask for the past hour, and reached for the wine again.

"Look there!" Ethan shouted, breaking into Ronald and Kenny's fight. Everyone turned to look at him as he stood still, pointing east. Slowly, he turned to look at them. His eyes were wide, and the pupils, Daniel could see, even standing so far away, were dilated. His face held a strange and twisted grin. "Lights!" he shouted, and looked back. "It must be the freeway!"
The other three men lept to his side, staring intently into the forest. The thick trees stood like pillars in a chapel, dark and unyielding. After several minutes, Ethan's hand lowered.
"I... I'm sorry," he said, coughing ashamedly. "I was sure I saw something..."
"We're not done, Kenny," Ronald spat. Daniel whirled on them.
“Oh yes we are!" They both stepped back in surprise. “We're done! We'll keep walking until we get to the car, and we're going home!”
The forest grew still. A small breeze ruffled the dying leaves on the dusty floor as Kenny, with a look, slowly turned away and continued to walk down the path.
“I don't mean to alarm anyone...” Ethan said, slapping his chest. “but it's been several hours, right?”
“And?” Ronald fumed, starting to stomp after Kenny. Ethan rubbed his chest where he had hit himself.
“Well... just, I was hungry before we left – I remember we decided to leave so we would get to town in time for dinner, and... I'm not hungry any more. Is anyone hungry?”
The rustle in the brush stopped as Kenny turned around and stared at the three of them. No one spoke, they just looked at each other, searching each others' faces and looking for some glimmer of an explanation. Some casual excuse they had all forgotten. Danial was about to explain the physiological impact of stress on the appetite, but the words rang hollow in his head, and his mouth ran dry before he could speak. Gradually, Danial became aware of other things – the things that the corner of his eye had seen quite clearly. The absence of birdsong, the way the forest seemed to fade into a faint mist closer than it should have, the absence of footprints in the dirt – both in front and behind them.
"No," he said, and it sounded like a coffin lid being nailed shut. "I'm not hungry."

"I haven't been for years," Kenny said, his voice monotone. "Not really, I mean. My stomach hurts, and I know food will stop the pain, but it's not really hunger, is it? It's biology. It's chemistry. It's glands and valves and organs pumping in time to the beat of the heart - but where's the need? I used to lust after food, you know? Not always, but sometimes I just needed to spend half an hour eating a sandwich - feeling the bread slowly dissolve into paste in my mouth, feeling the meat tear and leak juice down my throat. My tongue ached to taste the sparkling tingle of roasted garlic, and feel the crunch of crispy bacon. Salt and fat and spice and sugar and all of it - so basic, but so good! It wasn't just food - I used to love music. And sunsets and laughter... and now it all just feels dead. There's nothing. I eat the bacon and listen to music and I know I should be feeling something - anything. But it's gone. The light is gone."

“It's the same log,” Kenny said quietly, “I swear to god, we've been walking straight south for seven hours, and we're back at the same goddamn log!”
“It hasn't been seven hours!” Danial rubbed his head frantically. They would have to reach the stream soon, he was... he would get thirsty soon. “It's been three at most.”
“It took us half an hour to get to the site from the car!” Kenny shouted, kicking the log. Ronald began paced in a circle, cursing rapidly as he stared at his phone. Ethan was scratching the back of his neck rhythmically.
“Look, we just need to keep moving, and we'll get out of this,” Ethan said, faintly. His monotone betrayed his lack of confidence.
“I'm out of battery...” Ronald muttered, then resuming his cursing.
“We've been going south, we've been going down,” Danial tried to think. “As long as we keep going south and down, we'll get somewhere.”
“Where?” Ronald broke his circle. “Where are we even going anymore?”
“Somewhere!” Kenny shouted, kicking the log again. “Anywhere!”
“Look!” Ethan shouted. Danial spun with Kenny and Ronald to see Ethan pointing behind them. Then he broke into a run, shoving past the three of them, and running off into the forest. Cursing madly, the three of them chased after him, calling his name. Tree branches scraped at their faces, and roots and stones tripped them up, crushing their toes and knees. Ethan ignored their cries, and ran onward, shouting wildly into the wind, while dark clouds swirled overhead.
"Look! There are lights!"

"Do you see the lights?" Kenny asked, suddenly.
"What?" Danial tried to pretend he didn't know what Kenny meant. Kenny looked confused for a moment, and then blinked, shaking his head.
"Sorry, I meant did. Did you see... well... do you still think about it?” Kenny's voice was dry and cracked. Danial looked into his friends eyes briefly before turning away. He was so grateful the question had been asked, but now he couldn't think to answer. He could not bear the haunted, tortured look his friend wore. Danial sat in silence for what seemed like hours, before he gave a short nod, hoping that would be enough, and Kenny would look away. He didn't.
“I dream, sometimes,” Kenny leaned forward slightly, his white hair forming an unearthly halo. He had been rubbing his head, upsetting his thin spider-silk hair, and now the strands floated on the wind, like cobwebs clutching his scalp. He wiped a gummy eye, and leaned forward still further. “I dream, and when I wake up I think I can see the tree branches overhead. I hear Ethan and... and Ronald shouting and yelling at each other...”
Danial hugged himself. The air was colder now, the sun was setting.
“Sometimes I wonder,” Kenny didn't seem to be looking at Danial at all, anymore. His eyes were wide and drifting. “I wonder if we ever made it out. Did we get out of that forest? It's all still so clear, so vivid... Am I dreaming the forest? Or am I dreaming this life? I think...” He paused, taking a deep breath. “I think we're still there. I think we never left the forest, I think we never found the car, or returned to town, or went to that strip-club – you remember that club? How drunk Ethan got? I don't think... I don't think all of us left the woods, not really. You were...”
Kenny stopped. Danial didn't need him to continue – it was the same thing he told himself day after day, hour after hour. It was his fault. He had asked his friends into the woods. He had begged and pleaded with them, and painted such a wonderful picture of a week away from the world.
Away from the cares of life. No rules of road, no contracts, or deals. No codes, or mail, or communication beyond their own voices. No neon, or unscented, or red dye number 5. Just themselves. Just flesh, and blood, pounding in their ears, flowing through their veins like a waterfall, driving them to hunt, sleep, eat, and mate. The would finally be able to shed the restraints – the cold shackles of civilization – and be human.
He wanted to say he was sorry. He wanted to fall on the ground, weeping, and beg forgiveness. He wanted absolution from the heavy weight on his heart – but there was nothing there. He could not cry, or grieve. He simply held himself, feeling the empty shell of his heart twist inwards, teeth gnashing and searching for something, anything, to sustain itself.
“I hear the howling,” he said, barely a whisper. “I hear it when I'm sitting at home, or walking to work. I try to tell myself it's just the imaginings of an old man... but then when Ronald...” His throat closed, causing him to choke on his words. He fumbled for his glass while Kenny nodded.
“He just wasted away,” he muttered, as Danial drank the warm tasteless water. “He stopped going to work, stopped showing, stopped eating, sleeping... He didn't recognize me or anyone, really. He just stopped.”

The bark felt rough and sharp under Danial's head. The four of them had finally stopped next to a log. Ethan was in the fetal position, clutching his head and sobbing. Kenny was scrabbling in the dirt, casting about for something – he wouldn't say what. Ronald was gripping the log with both hands, breathing heavily.
“I saw the freeway... the car lights...” Ethan sobbed, rubbing his hand in his hair, back and forth.
“I'm not stopping... I'm not dying like that!” Ronald hissed, reaching out and scratching his fingers open on the sharp bark of the log. “I'm hungry. I want to be hungry. To eat and feast and snack and chew and drool and fuck and feed... not like that...” Danial opened his mouth to speak, but nothing came out. Kenny spat at something on the ground.
“Your fucking bitch of a woman is a pile of shit,” He growled, deep in his throat. “She's a whore of a bitch, and I'd just as soon kill her as see her again.”
“You fucking bastard!” Ronald pushed off of the log with his legs, his torn and bleeding nails reaching out for Kenny's eyes. He pulled him to the ground, scratching and biting, while Kenny clubbed and beat at Ronald's torso, shouting obscenities.
Daniel barely noticed. How long had they been walking? Days? Years? How long could it last, before every last shred of humanity was gone, leaving behind the animals they were. He almost laughed. He had wanted to clear his head, and get away from civilization - and now all he wanted was to go home.
The roar was deep and primal. Daniel glanced up to see Ronald rear back like a snake, and plunge both hands down onto Kenny. There was a sickeningly wet slapping noise, and then Kenny was silent. Danial looked over to see a deep red stain slowly seep through Kenny's red shirt, and out onto Ronald's hands. Kenny's remaining eye had rolled back in his head, while the other lay on the ground by his hand. Skin had been torn from his cheek and ear, hanging like limp cloth from his bone. Ronald was tearing at him, grabbing handfuls of flesh and clothing, ripping with his teeth, and howling.
“The lights!”
Danial turned just in time to see Ethan vanish into the trees. Mutely, he ran after him, leaving the gruesome display behind him. He tried to call out to Ethan, only to hear him call back in a fury about how beautiful the lights were. He ran for hours. He ran until his legs felt ready to drop off, and then he ran some more. His bones were breaking under his muscles, he knew, and soon he would collapse, but he ran on.
Finally, after hours of running, he stopped. The trees towered over him like a canopy. The gray swirling clouds hovered like wraiths over the still and empty night, filling Danial's eyes and ears. Slowly, he turned around and around, scanning the forest. They would never leave. Or perhaps they had already left. Perhaps he wasn't himself anymore, and the real Danial had left days ago, to go back home and eat tuna sandwiches and drink wine with his friends. Or perhaps he was the real one, and something else had gone instead. He didn't know. He didn't care. He knew he should have been frightened, but he didn't feel a thing. Not even sad. He simply sat down as a long and rageful howl echoed through the forest, and waited patiently for the lights.

Kenny frantically called to the waiter, to the patrons, to anyone who would listen, to call for an ambulance. Danial sat still in his chair, dead, his hands gripping the table like talons. His eyes were wide and dilated, staring deeply into the night sky.

Table of Contents


****


Worms
Something was wrong.
Nicholas K. Linkletter III, 'Slick Nick' to his friends and Mr. Linkletter to everyone else, had started slurring his speech five minutes into the board meeting. Then he put his head in his hands, muttering something about smelling lemon tea, and collapsed on the desk. His fellow board-members quickly turned him over, loosening his tie, and called the ambulance. Mrs. Jennings had checked his pulse and tried to administer CPR – a sensation that Nicholas found quite odd, as Mrs. Jennings was an avid smoker. The air tasted foul to his tongue, and he knew he should be coughing.
The medics arrived in only five minutes, having been out on another call. They took over for Mrs. Jennings, feeding a tube down his throat, and forcing air into his lungs with a blue plastic oval. This was much less comfortable at first for Nicholas, but his lungs were breathing cleaner now, not filled with leftover smoke that had settled in Mrs. Jennings' lungs. He felt the sharp stabbing pain from a needle in his arm, and his body was lifted into the air by two strong arms, and onto a metal surface that clattered under his weight.
It was halfway to the hospital before it occurred to Nicholas that perhaps he should not be conscious. The nagging doubt of his situation began to grow in his skull, at the base of his neck. The paramedics were talking to each other, trading medical stats like blood pressure. Then, suddenly, his left eye was blinded as the medic pried open the lid and shone a light straight into his iris. Then, the light vanished, sending bright sparks and multicolored blobs dancing him his mind. The other eye soon followed suit. He wanted to squint, or turn away from the painful light, but he was paralyzed, and couldn't move a muscle.
The hospital was worse. His body was wheeled into the emergency room, and inspected briefly by the doctor on call – again the eyes were checked, and the body poked. At last, he thought, they would tell him what was wrong with him. Instead, a long drawn out dial-tone filled the room, and after a few moments the doctor sighed, and spoke in a loud clear voice for the room to hear:
“Time of death, 11:20 am.”
Something was wrong.
Nicholas was not a religious man. Nor was he superstitious. He knew he was not dead, because he could still hear, and think, and feel. Gamely he tried to move, to blink, to shout or mutter or anything that would tell this fool of a doctor that he was wrong – that there was still life in his old withered form. But nothing came. He was trapped, somehow, a prisoner in his body.
Nicholas became furious as he was wheeled away from the doctor. How could that quack miss something so obvious? His heart must still be beating – too faint for the hospitals equipment to see. His brain was still working – quite well in fact. Indeed, the only thing that didn't seem to be working were his muscles. His body felt quite useless lying there like a mannequin.
And then, the motion of the gurney stopped, and he heard someone walking away.
Silence.
Hours passed, and as Nicholas lay there, boredom and certain fury gave way to an uncomfortable doubt. Could he be dead? Was he now a spirit, ready to travel to the afterlife? Feeling not a little foolish, he tried to will himself to heaven, separating his tie to the sack of flesh he was connected to. It was to no avail. Still he stayed, limp and frail. Was this death? Did everyone lie here like some grim mockery of a corpse, jailed in the bones and sinews of their former life?
Finally, after what seemed like days, he heard someone enter the room he was in, muttering to someone else about paranoid rich-folk, and wasting time with unnecessary autopsies. It was a stroke, they said, plain and simple. Dead before he reached the hospital. And now because the old man's wife had some grudge against a board member, she's made enough of a stink to get the police involved, and make sure it was natural causes.
At last! Nicholas mentally sighed with relief. Now they would discover something was wrong. Good old Maureen. Normally he would have rolled his eyes at her harping, but now it would save his life. A clattering of metal near his head focused his thoughts, as the woman near his stomach coughed, and said in a calm, almost board voice:
“Scalpel.”
Nicholas's thoughts froze. A piece of metal scraped near his head, and he heard the rustle of plastic. No, Nicholas thought. This wasn't what I wanted. Don't cut me open. You can do something else, can't you? Mentally he shouted at the doctors, frantically, as he pictured the sharp blade moving nearer and nearer to his flesh.
Suddenly, a sharp burst of fire pierced his mind. His throat was being cut, neatly, from shoulder to stomach. Flaps of skin were carefully sliced and pulled aside, as muscle and tissue were carved like a turkey on thanksgiving day. Each second was a new agony, as nerve endings that had never felt the air – had never been bombarded by oxygen – waved gently in the air-conditioned room, sending mind-searing bursts of savage torture directly to Nicholas's brain. Try as he might, there was no respite, no mercy. He could not scream, nor move away from this hellish pain. His muscles did not clench, his breath did not quicken, he could not even find the sweet release of unconsciousness. He could do nothing, but lie on the cold metal table, and feel every millimeter of pain.
Was he dead? Was this hell?
At last, at long last, after what seemed like years, he felt the pain slowly ebb away. He realized as awareness returned that no one else was around him. The doctors had gone, and the pain of his open body was leaving him. They must have finished, and had left. 
 The memory of the enveloping pain echoed though the chasms of his mind. Feebly, his thoughts coalesced once more into words and emotions. Images flashed into awareness, and faded quickly as he tried to remember anything but the horrible hours of pain that he could not escape. And he felt himself beginning to go mad.
Again, the boredom returned – at first, a welcome change from the hell he had gone through. Days turned into weeks, into years. Still nothing but the inky void and the cold metal table. The budding insanity that had seeded so supply in his mind began to grow, birthing friend and foe to speak with. Chants of children's rhymes long since discarded crept like spiders through the cracks of his thoughts. And new rhymes as well, old and eldrich words in long dead languages, forgotten by mankind for eons. Bizarre and ancient animals came to spend the hours with him, and angels and demons as well. Disembodied heads whispered secrets to him, while severed hands and feet carefully massaged his aching body. Old warlords laughed at this feeble limbs, while scholars and seers giggled mad songs, or explained their misunderstood treatises. They poked, stroked, and nudged his helpless body, curious and prolific.
He felt cool and calm whispering voices and warm hands lifted his naked form, clothing him in rough and uncomfortable cloth. He felt a sponge on his face, and a brush on his lips and eyes. The loving and tender touches were heaven to him, pulling memories of maternal love and warm summer nights to his mind. He basked in the memory as long as he could, until he felt himself lifted and set down on a soft cushion. The clothes were thin, and he could feel the round hard buttons pushing into his back as he heard a lid above him close.
Panic began to return as he felt his coffin lifted and moved. In the hazy panic of his mind, it seemed like only seconds passed before the coffin stopped, and the lid opened again to the sound of somber music. Soft echoing sniffles highlighted the deep and droning tones of a man intoning a eulogy to a departed soul. At once horrified and fascinated, he listened.
Dimly, as the words filtered through the haze of boredom and pain born madness, he remembered the name Nicholas. The deep voice now speaking would be his pastor, speaking from some holy book. And now, the woman speaking would be his wife, or perhaps sister. It was hard to remember. He felt like he should listen to the words, hear what the people he left behind were saying to him. About him. But try as he might, the language they spoke meant nothing to him.
He recognized that some were men, and some were women. He guessed that some were sad, and some were happy. Once he thought he recognized a sob, but it might have been a laugh. The twisted barbaric language filtered through his cushioned ears, and echoed through his skull. The sharp plosives pierced his thoughts, while the slimy sibilances picked their way around his awareness. Lateral moans and groans played a grotesque backdrop, broken only periodically by a wet and sagging gutturals. He cried and writhed under the horrid alien music, trying to escape the rhythmic and unearthly chanting, the chattering slurping coughs of the damned...
And then the lid was closed.
He tried to find peace in the muted silence, but filtering like mist through the walls came the far off droning of the dark menagerie, wailing and hollering their woeful carols. He dimly felt the coffin move again, and slowly sink lower, as if on an elevator. Then, muffled thuds from above as something heavy settled on the lid. Then at last, a blissful and soothing silence.
Time had no meaning for him now. There was nothing but eternal darkness and silence in his soul. The animals returned at first, as did the rhymes and insects and colors and everything that had kept him sane through this long ordeal. They tried to coax him back to himself, to bring him home, but after what felt like generations, they stopped coming. He could still feel the cold fabric around him, and the cushion at his back.
And slowly,
Ever so slowly,
He became aware of a scratching noise.
Worms! He could hear them clearly now. They were crawling all around his coffin, searching for a way in. They squirmed their slimy path through the dusty earth, slipping through the mud like rank needles, aching to feed through pin sized mouths on his rotting husk of a body. Their progress reverberated through the wooden coffin, as loud as a waterfall now. He could not shut out the noise, no matter how loud he thought. Frantically, he tried to escape, his broken useless limbs dead to his efforts.
Then the unrelenting waterfall gave way to a sudden snap. The susurrus stopped as the echo of cracking wood filled the earth. Slowly, excruciatingly, the worms began to move again, heading towards the source of the splintering: directly above his left ear. The splintering grew louder as the worms moved faster, and in a sudden downpour of mud and dust, the coffin lid gave way, throwing tons of dirt on his limp form, covering his useless corpse.
Now he could hear them clearly, squirming and worming their way though the crusty dirt towards his flesh. Now he could feel them, slowly and painfully working their way thought his muscle and skin, scraping away cartilage and hair, sending each nerve-ending to paroxysms of pain with each morsel. He felt their slimy smooth sides curl and twist through his innards feasting on his fat.
He could not scream, he could not flinch. His muscles were locked away from his thoughts, neither flexing nor twitching at his helpless gibbering pleas. His mind was trapped forever until the worms finished their meal, scraping the bones down to nubs, and then to dust, and perhaps not even then. Would he ever be free from this hell? When would he truly die? Or would he forever more be a mind, floating eternal in a muddy sea under a stone sun carved with the promise that he was in a better place?

Table of Contents


****


Unfinished Business
Issac Hodgeson was in hell.
Of course he was. There was no other place he could be. He knew he was dead, of course. He remembered the heart attack quite vividly. It happened during supper, of course; one of the least pleasant times of the day, but just before one of the best.
Every day, and five-thirty sharp, Issac and Martha sat down to supper together. It would be simple fare, usually little more than a slab of meat, a baked potato, and a few limp stalks of over-cooked broccoli or asparagus. To drink, there would be water, or if it was a special occasion, milk. They would say grace at Martha's urging, and then Issac would start to eat, as quietly and quickly as his aging body would allow, while Martha would begin to talk.
She would talk about anything, that woman. She couldn't keep her mouth shut for longer than three seconds at one go, and that was usually to swallow. Even when she chewed she always managed to fit more food in her jaws than could normally fit, and she would have to hack away at the food with her teeth until the mush slid down her throat with a sickening squish, showing Issac every mastication. Then she would start again with whatever she was talking about – some uninteresting piece of gossip about a friend, or scornful deriding of some relative's life choice.
This would go on as Issac chewed the time away, until the nagging began. At first it would start with something minor, like the amount of salt Issac used on his meat, or the sound of his cough.
“You know you're not as young as you were,” Martha would say, pointing at his forehead with her fork. “You'd better get that checked out before something bad happens to you. You know I'm right. My mother had a cough just like that and it turned out to be Cancer. She died three years later because they caught it early.”
Finally, supper would end, and Martha would toddle off to the living room to call her friends, and gossip some more, or watch television, while Issac cleared the table and did the dishes.
It was his favorite time of the day.
The faucet sounded like a waterfall in his ears, sending him back to their honeymoon in Canada. Martha's laughter from the living room still had the bright and clear ring he remembered, and everything was better. He took the dirty plates, covered in grease and garbage, and washed them under the clean water, smelling the flowery soap scrape away the slimy fat and crusty skin, until the dishes were as good as new, shining and bright like the sun.
He didn't get to wash the dishes that day. The day he died.
Instead, when he reached for the salt, a sharp pain hit him in the lung. He tried to tell Martha, but he couldn't breathe well, and she talked right over his feeble pleas. It wasn't until the floor rushed to catch him as the darkness crept through his vision, that she asked him if he was okay.
He wondered how long it took her to call the ambulance, and demand that they come and help him. By the time they got there, of course, it was too late. He opened his eyes to Martha dramatically sobbing on the couch as a paramedic patted her gently on the shoulder. He was about to tell her he was fine, when he saw his body being wheeled out of their front door on a gurney, and he knew he wasn't.
And now, here he was. His own personal hell.
He couldn't leave, he tried. He couldn't speak, or move anything like a proper ghost. All he could do was sit on the floor, or counter-top, and watch Martha. Whenever Martha left the room, he had to follow. Whatever she did, he was there. He had to sit and stare as she spent her days entertaining friends, calling relatives, laughing at the TV, and talking. Always talking. The irony was not lost on him - how often in life did he follow her no matter where she led him. How often did she ignore him to focus on some show or more interesting conversation.
Now it was his Wake. He was seated on the bar, staring at Martha as she twittered with her closest friends, sympathetically cooing and chirping like morose pigeons. Well-wishers wandered the house, drinks in hand, talking in subdued and respectful tones. It was everything Martha wanted for his wake.
As he watched his soggy wife talk with her friends, Issac felt something he never had before. In all the time that he was alive, he could never remember feeling this burning rock in his stomach – but there it was, smoldering and growing in strength. The flames jumped into his chest, tickling his ghostly lungs. He felt the weight of sixty years of marriage snap and buckle under his throat.
Slowly, he stood up from the bar, and began to walk towards his ex-wife. He knew he wouldn't be able to touch her, or speak with her, but the burning anger in his chest pushed him onwards. With every step, he felt himself growing more and more sure of himself. His arms and legs felt more solid, and less wispy. He felt the air shove itself aside as he neared her suddenly confused face. out of the corner of his eyes, he saw faces turn, and heard gasps of shock and horror. For the first time in years, he realized, everyone was looking at him. His eyes locked onto his wife's, ignoring the other guests as he crossed the room, feeling more and more real by the moment.
Issac was not a poet. He had never been one for words and flowery language. He knew what he wanted to say. He wanted to tell her how much he loved her when she was young. How much life there had been in her to taste, and feel, and love. He wanted to tell her how much he hated who she had become – a hollow shell where all that life had gone to die. A fat, ugly, old woman full of snide disgust for everything beautiful and lovely in the world.
He wanted to tell her he was his own man. How she had ignored him for the last half of their lives, as little more than a target to practice throwing her bile at. How he had thoughts and feelings that weren't hers, and perhaps one day he would have liked to have tried Indian food, too-spicy be damned. He would have loved to travel further than Toronto and seen China, no matter how crowded she thought it would be; or Africa, no matter how filthy. He looked at her, her hands clasped to her chest in fear and astonishment, and wanted to tell her everything.
Instead, he looked her square in her now wide eyes, and said:
“PPPPPPTHTHTHTHTH!”
And that was it. He felt free. A new man. The last sixty years had washed away, and now all that was left was whatever was next.
Perhaps that was all it took, to escape hell – the courage to recognize the worst when you saw it, and decide that anything was better. Who knows, Issac thought, as he felt himself begin to float away from Martha, a scream vanishing into the background of his bliss. Perhaps he was going somewhere else. Maybe now he would go to the real Hell and atone for his life unlived.
Perhaps there was no atonement. Who knew? All he knew, he realized, as his last thoughts vanished into the winds, was that he was going as himself. And he would be alone, without any of the burdens, fears, neurosis, or guilt that had plagued him all his life.
Just before Issac vanished completely, he smiled.

Table of Contents


****


Stairway
Grant spun about, his pistol pointing at the door. Leslie stood framed in the doorway, her ragged brown hair knotted into a dirty ponytail, her hands weakly raised. Grant didn't bother with an apology. They both were on edge, and he expected she would have done the same – she had before.
Leslie limped into the tiny room, and dumped her canvas bag onto the center of the floor. Bundles of Slaps crinkled onto the molding wood, like a rain of gold. Grant smiled, and fell to his knees, hurriedly counting the plastic squares.
“Fifty-three,” she breathed heavily, sinking to the floor and leaning up against the wall with her ankles pulled up to her thighs. “All flavors. Even a twenty-nine. Should be enough.”
Grant picked up one of the small squares and held it to the light. The package was completely bare, a translucent white covering a small yellow circle inside. Just barely, a faint black number was printed on the circle – 14. Grant nodded, tossing the patch back into the pile.
“Help me,” he grunted as he pulled a small box from the corner of the room. He flipped it open, revealing a carefully organized array of plastic squares. He began to sort their latest haul, when Leslie stopped him.
“Should be more than enough,” she cooed. Grant looked up at her tired and sallow face that was attempting to look coy. Part of him shouted in his mind, demanding he keep focus. There was no guarantee they had enough to get all the way to the rocket, much less buy their way on board. But it was shouted down by the growing and gnawing urge in his belly.
“Want an eight?” he asked, sifting through the pile of Slaps. Leslie uncoiled herself, and crawled on the floor towards him.
“I was thinking more of a twelve,” she murmured. Her eyes were glassy as Grant's fumbling fingers found two twelve-patches and handed one to her. She tore the plastic wrap with her teeth, and pulled the green fabric disk from inside gently between her two fingers. Cupping it gently in her hand, she brought the disk up into the air and brought it down on the back of her hand with a resounding smack. Almost instantly, her eyes flickered back in her head, and a deep guttural moan escaped her lips. She began to breathe faster, and her brow began to sweat.
Eager to not be left behind, Grant tore his own package, and slapped his own patch onto his arm. Deep in his arm, he felt the bruise begin to build, blood rushing towards the skin to soak up the chemicals that were gently working their way inward. At first it felt cool, like a spring breeze, and then a rush of heat smacked into him like a train. He felt his heart racing as his blood surged through him like a monsoon. He breathed deeply, his lungs burning, when a smell shot into his brain. There was a female nearby. His eyes blinked through the red haze until he saw her, writhing on the ground in heat. Frantically, he pounced, grabbing her roughly and dragging her to him. He tore at her clothing, stripping away her pants as she scrabbled at his belt. Furiously they kissed, scratching at each-other's back, mating like animals until their patches were empty, and they collapsed, exhausted, onto the rotting wood of their tiny room.

“Nice girl you got,” The man grinned through a dirty brown beard, his red tongue squirming visibly through several missing teeth. Grant didn't respond, but held his pistol tighter in his pocket. The man's name was Yellow, he had said. Obviously false, but Grant hadn't cared. He had a car, and the price was right. They had been driving for a few days, now, heading south. It had been an unpleasant ride, stuck in the rusted out shell of the old truck with the smell of something rotten leaking through the vents. Grant had demanded that he should stay in the front, with Leslie outside in the back, and she hadn't argued. Yellow wiped his face and leaned his arm against the wheel.
“Heading to Old Concord, then?” Yellow grunted, sticking a thick pudgy finger in his ear and twisting. Grant nodded. There were probably closer rockets, and safer ones, but Grant knew the builder of this one – he had been the friend of an old buddy in school. If he was lucky, they'd still have room. Yellow shrugged. “What you got down there that's worth a pack of Slaps?”
Hope, Grant thought. The chance for a real life with a job and a home with more than one room. A child or two, perhaps. Or real love. Not Slap love driven by chemicals in the blood. He shook his head.
“Nothing,” he muttered. Yellow shrugged again.
“Okay, fine. None of my business.” He adjusted himself, and reached out towards Grant. He flinched as the hairy hand passed by and opened the glove compartment. “Coming up on nighttime – need my fiver.”
He pulled out a small Slap marked with a faded blue five, tore it open, and slapped it onto the underside of his wrist. There was a pause, and then a sigh,
“There,” Yellow grinned. “That's the shit. Keep me well awake, now.” He turned, and looked Grant squarely in the eye. “You want a Slap?”
“No thanks,” Grant leaned his arm against the window, breaking yellows unnerving gaze.
“You sure?” Yellow grunted. The Slap was giving his voice an odd vibrato as the chemicals worked their way through his muscles and nerves. “I've got a few old thirteens – fuck you up for the drive? Or a Three for your girl? Keep her quiet if you wanna fuck her when she's still.”
“No thanks.”
“You ever done that? Fuck someone on a Three? You should try it once. They don't struggle. It's like fucking a statue. I've even got a twenty-one if you want her to forget about it afterward.”
“No thanks.”
“I'm real desecrate – I won't make a sound. I'd just watch.”
“No thanks.”
“Suit yourself,” Yellow shrugged again, rubbing the top of his five Slap.
The sun was beginning to sink into the horizon, turning the normally red sky into a harsh maroon and purple. Forests of dead trees flew past as they drove on into the dusk. Here and there, a tent or two dotted the landscape – refugees from life on this God-forsaken planet. The most he ever saw was five – maybe a family hoping to survive together on the hell-blasted plants that still struggled to grow, and the one or two animals that hadn't the sense to move on. It wouldn't take long, Grant thought, before they decided it was easier to die apart and split up.
Not everyone was dying, of course. Grant and Leslie had been lucky – one of the first things they had found when they moved in together was a large stash of Nurti-Pills. One day's worth of food in pill form – enough for years.
Of course, some of the old automated dispensaries still worked. They were powered by the Free-Energy Grid, and continued to squat obstinately on street corners, and spit out Nutri-Pills day after day – but there was always a line. You had to devote a whole day to get a week's work of pills, and that was time better spent elsewhere.
Grant and Leslie had divided their time, finding ways to scavenge, scrape together, or steal as many Slaps as they could. Slaps were the only currency now, and getting to the rocket was expensive.
Grant looked back through the rear window at Leslie, hunched over against the wind in the bed of the truck. Her hair tried to twist and blow in the wind, but months without water and soap struggled against the caustic air.
Grant felt a sting. He looked down and saw a Slap resting on the back of his hand. Grant jerked aside – too late – as he scratched at the Slap, trying to pull it off before it took affect. He just registered the number as his mind began to fizzle. Three. Blearily, he tried to reach into his pocket to pull out his gun, but he could only just fight the haze that was creeping into his mind.
Suddenly, the world was full of bright lights, and pain in his jaw. He felt his head smack against the other side of the car as Yellow's fist crashed into his cheek.
“See, I figure you got a way out of this shit-hole,” Yellow giggled, gripping Grant's hair with his foul-smelling fist. “And I figure I just take all your Slaps, that girl of yours, and then I head off to Heaven instead of you. Sound swell?”
It sounded wonderful. Grant relaxed into the sour milk smell that filled the truck. Everything was going to be okay. He tried to look around, but something was forcing his head towards the dashboard. It was hard, and seemed to get shiny and red every time he touched it. It was beautiful. He tried to touch it with his hands, to feel the shiny, but his arms wouldn't move. The world was full of lights and sounds and soft pleasures to feel under his hands. He felt something cross in front of him, and then a wide open space opened beside him. He turned his head, and saw the glorious world. He saw it spinning past him like a top. Whizzing around and around at a billion miles an hour, spinning through space all alone in a vast desert of stars. Flicking trees and tents and broken down houses sped past him like an old movie.
They were going in circles. He knew he saw the same tree go past at least three times. He had to tell them – tell the whole world that they were all running in circles. Right now, he was in a truck, heading south at breakneck speed, but they were just standing still – the rest of the world was spinning underneath them like a massive gyro, perfectly balanced and at piece. He had to tell everyone to speed up – to keep moving, so they could finally all be still...
He felt a pressure on his arm, and looked down to see Yellow's boot pressing against his shoulder. He looked up again to see Yellow's macabrely smiling face.
“Have a nice trip!” He said, cackling. Grant wanted to tell him he loved him, when Yellow's head broke apart with a snap, and the sound of cracking ice. A spray of bright red covered the truck, and Yellow slumped forward onto the steering wheel.
The truck began to shake, throwing Grant around as something hard shoved him in the side of the head, shoving him onto Yellow's soft limp form. The sound of scraping metal filled the air like a symphony, and the truck finally shuddered to a quivering stop.
For a moment, nothing moved. The sound of the truck engine humming filled the truck, a gentle massage relaxing the tension in Grant's shoulders. It had seemed like years since he had felt this calm and relaxed. Then, the driver-side door opened with a bang, and Yellow's body was pulled out onto the ground. Leslie climbed in, dropping her gun on the seat next to her, shoving Grant back to his own side.
“I saw him start to beat on you,” she said, her voice smooth and melodic. “I'm sorry I didn't get him earlier – I couldn't aim right with the truck jumping all over the place. I just hope this thing still runs. Just sit tight, I'll take care of you.”
Grant blearily looked out of the window. They were in a forest of dead trees, several yards from the road they had been on moments before. He stared at the tree that now rested against his door, holding it closed. The tree reminded him, there was something important he had needed to tell Leslie – if only he could remember what it was...

After Grant had shaken off the effects of the three Slap, he had almost demanded they turn around and find Yellow's body again, so he could open it up with his knife, but Leslie had refused, and Grant hadn't pushed. Their schedule was tight enough as it was, without petty vengeance. The rest of the trip would take about half a week, if they alternated sleeping and driving. They had enough Nutri-Pills and filtered water to survive, and enough Slaps to stay moderately comfortable, and fight off the shakes. Now they had Yellow's truck, and thanks to a bit of luck and guess-work, they also found his map of refueling stations between where they were and Old Concord scratched onto the inside of the fuse-box panel.
It was getting dark, and their fuel was getting low when they reached the first stop-off, so they decided to risk it. Leslie was driving, Grant in the passenger seat, hand tightly gripping his pistol in his pocket. The stop-off was hidden in an old camping ground, a quarter of a mile off the main roads. The dirt path to get there was bumpy, and overgrown – easily overlooked by anyone who didn't know it was there. As they made their way down the path in the truck, a faint blue light flickered ahead of them. They crept closer, until a small shed next to a massive tanker-truck faded into view in the dim light.
A man stood on the path in-front of them, a rifle in his hand. He waved, and stepped aside as Leslie pulled up to him so he could peer through the window at them. He was tall, and fat, with a poorly shaved chin and several scars on his cheek where it looked like dogs had bitten him. His chest hair poked out of the top of his too-small shirt, and his hair was covered by a ratty old hooded sweatshirt with its arms tied around his neck. His eyes narrowed suspiciously as he leveled his gaze at Leslie, and then at Grant.
“Fuck me,” he said, coughing and spitting up something awful onto the ground. “I know I recognize this truck. It's Seth's, isn't it? You off and kill him?”
“We just want to refuel,” Leslie said, her voice quivering slightly. “We'll pay.”
“Damn straight you will,” the man spat up again. “Hope you didn't waste time giving that perv a shallow grave. What do you got?”
Leslie glanced at Grant. He leaned over, his hand still gripping his pistol.
“Slaps,” he said. “All flavors. We have a lot of teens, and even a few twenties. We want to fill up.”
A glint of something terrible flickered in the man's eyes. Grant saw his hand tighten on thew rifle as he licked his lips.
“Show me,” he croaked. Grant reached down under the seat, and grabbed a handful of random Slaps from the box. He brandished them like a badge, and he saw the hope flicker across the man's face again.
“Huh,” he tried to sound nonchalaunt as he snorted loose another glob. “I don't have much left. I can probably only fill another tank or two before I've got to head off to find something else to sell, or hunt more gas... gimme fifty.”
“Twenty,” Leslie shook her head. “We still have a ways to go, we're not spending all our Slaps on you.”
“Twenty then,” he licked his lips, “but I get to pick the twenty.”
Leslie sucked on a tooth.
“Twenty-five, and you pick ten.”
“Pull up next to the truck,” the man nodded, slinging his rifle over his shoulder as he waddled off towards the shed. “I'll get you set up.”

Grant stared up at the stars, feeling Leslie breathing softly on his shoulder. They were in the bed of the truck, listening to the man grunt as he turned the squeaky handle of the pump. The air was uncharacteristically cool, and they were enjoying each-other's heat.
“Did you ever wonder if they were lying?” Leslie asked, suddenly. Grant gave her a sidelong look.
“About Heaven? No.”
“It just sounds so perfect. And if it's so great, why didn't they send everyone?”
“Too expensive.”
“What cost anything? We have free-energy, free food, free filtration... and what would they need the money for, anyway, if they're leaving?”
Grant shrugged, causing Leslie's head to bob, rocking back and forth on his shoulder. He had wondered that himself. Perhaps there simply wasn't enough room for everyone on the new planet. There had been hundreds of billions on Earth, and it had caused countless problems... maybe they just didn't want to deal with all the little people on the trip.
Grant shifted as he felt something release from his wrist. He looked, and saw the drained Slap release from his skin, and flip over onto the truck-bed in the wind. He sighed. The piece had been nice while it lasted.
As if on cue, with a loud squeak and a final grunt the pump stopped, and the man knocked on the side of the truck with his knuckle.
“All full,” he muttered, shuffling around to the side of the bed. “Ready to pay?”
“Ready,” Grant slid out from under Leslie, rotating his shoulder to return the blood-flow. He jumped out of the bed and opened the side door, bending down to pull the box of Slaps out from under the passenger seat. “What are your ten?”
The sound of a rifle being cocked behind his back made him stop.
“I saw when you pulled out the Slaps... You've got more than a hundred in there, don't you?” It almost wasn't a question. Grant slowly raised his hands as his eyes flickered to both of their handguns currently sitting on the driver's seat, two feet away from him.
“One thirty-two,” he confirmed. “we need to get to Old Concord – it will take us at least a hundred to get there.”
“You could do better than that – you could get there with seventy five. You've got a truck, after all...” the voice was slightly panicked. Grant risked a glance through the rear window at Leslie. She was frozen, staring at the man, her mouth slowly repeating the same curse again and again. She was obviously feeling as stupid as he did.
“Look,” Grant sighed. “We can give you thirty, but any more and we might as well just go home. And we've come too far to do that now. You better just shoot us.”
There was a pause. Slowly, the man blinked, licking his teeth nervously. Grant exhaled a small sigh of relief. He had guessed right.
“Or,” he continued. “How about this. We give you thirty – good ones, too, not the dregs – and top it off with the only twenty-niner we have left. Does that sound like a deal?”
The faint gasp gave Grant the answer before the man even spoke.
“You have a twenty-niner?” he said, a faint plea creeping into his voice. Grant nodded as he turned around to stare the rifle in the eye.
“Right in here. You sound like you really need it.”
The man stared deeply into Grant's eyes. The hope was there, carved into his irises in letters of flame, laden in the trembling earnestness in his voice. It was all the man had left, and heartbreaking, because it was fueled by faith alone. There was nothing this man had to justify the hope he held, but desperation.
After a few moments, the man lowered the rifle, and took a short hobbling step back. Grant nodded, and reached up to the sun-visor on the passenger side. He pulled the small black square into the night, and held it out to the man.

The Scientists had called it the Stairway: a massive space elevator at the equator that could send trillions of tons of cargo to and from a geosynchronous orbit billions of miles above the earth's surface. There, on Stairway Station, astronomers found a planet just like earth. It was slightly larger than earth, almost the exact same distance from it's small yellow star as the earth was from its sun. high powered telescopes revealed evidence of water, atmosphere, and some forms of carbon based vegetation.
It was the start of a new frontier. The world united, building thousands of rockets designed to traverse the billions of light years between the suns, and find a new home. Wars ended, enmity vanished from the surface of the planet, and a golden age of research and development spread across the globe like wildfire.
Then, one day, the Stairway vanished. The massive metal cylinder that stretched far into the skies disappeared from view. Rockets holding who knew how many humans lept off their rocket pads, and shot into the night, leaving the planet forever. For several days, no one knew what exactly had happened, but it became clear very soon. A whole quarter of the planet had left - the wealthiest and most powerful fourth - leaving the other three-fourths behind. Furiously, those left began sharing information. Data was collected and exchanged, while blueprints were adjusted and discussed. New rockets were built, with better fuels and stronger engines. It had not been a surprise to many when those rockets vanished into the night as well, leaving half the population of the earth alone, with nothing to show for their efforts.
Grant stared at the rocket, streaking away into the sky overhead. His stomach hurt.
Now, it was everyone for themselves, and it showed. The rocket had looked large, clumsy, and ugly, but it had shone in the dawn like a lighthouse, calling to travelers for miles. Twelve men and women had built it, cobbling it together from scraps of steel salvaged from a dying world. When Grant and Leslie finally had arrived, they could see it was complete – the final touches were being attached by several large men and women, welding torches flaring in the dim light. It would probably only fit ten or twenty passengers, but thirty or forty could easily fit if they didn't care about being comfortable.
The truck had given out several days ago, and their legs were sore, and torn. They spent as long as they could breathing heavily, catching as much of their breath as they dared before returning to the march towards egress. It only took them ten minutes before they were finally there, standing at the makeshift fence that separated them from the only rocket off this rock that Grant would dare to step in. He held the box of Slaps over his head, and called out to the workers, begging for a bit of room for both of them. It didn't take long before Hugh came over to him. Hugh had been and old friend, and Grant had been sure he could bargain their way in with Slaps. 
He had been wrong. Hugh hadn't cared about Slaps – old-world junk, he called them. Vestiges of sin and depravity that had no place in the world he and his rocket were heading towards. How could Grant have even thought of it? The Earth they were leaving was evil – pure and undiluted Hell. Sin permeating everything and everyone, until the skies themselves turned red and gray, bleeding long into the night and into the dawn. Compared to this worthless ball of dust, the world they were going to was Heaven. As far as Hugh had been concerned, no Sin would enter.
Grant had pleaded with Hugh to let them on board, and he would pay however he could, but Hugh hadn't even wanted payment. He would have opened the gate in a heartbeat but for his calculations. There was only so much fuel in the engines, of course, and mass needed to be calculated very carefully for the delicate space-drive to carry them the billions of light-years in less than a year. If there was too much weight, the ship could explode, or end up traveling in the wrong direction. The passengers would all be doomed.
And his calculations were precise. There was only enough room for one more person.
The rocket was almost gone, vanishing into the dawn-lit sky. It was fitting, really. Somehow this was right. He glanced at the Slap on his wrist - a farewell gift from his lover. The rest of the Slaps were five feet away, scattered over the ground. Now, Grant wished he hadn't been so angry.
Grant carefully looked down at the bullet wound on his chest, watching the red ooze out of him onto his shirt. He remembered wanting to leave so badly. Everything he had done for the last five years - everything he had been - was focused on leaving this disgusting planet. He remembered all of it crashing down around him. He remembered feeling the gun grip tightly in his fist. He remembered raising the gun, but for the life of him, he couldn't remember who he was aiming at – or who fired first.
Grant closed his eyes as the Slap drained into his blood. He must have shot himself – Hugh wouldn't have let Leslie in the ship if she had shot Grant in cold blood. Heaven was still pristine. No sin could enter, after all. Or was that just another ideal that would never come to pass? How many people caked in sin had already arrived in Heaven? Perhaps the new earth was already dying, he thought, wryly. Maybe when she gets there, the seas will already be caked with blood, and the skies filled with dust. Maybe she didn't con her way into Heaven. She couldn't have.
No, she earned her way, Grant knew. Lying on the ground, as his life slowly ebbed from his body, he couldn't find the strength to hate, or despair. Leslie was good and pure, kind and innocent. He had been the evil one, asking her to join him on his road to sin. His punishment was here, lying on the ground with the last of his blood caking his shirt to his skin.
Grant gently let his head sink into the dead grass. The rocket had vanished into nothingness. Not three hours ago, he would have spat at sentimentality. Now, with only a few minutes left, he couldn't bare to let go of his faith in her. He stared for a few moments at the empty slate-gray sky, and then struggled to reach the small box by his leg, filled with Slaps, hoping to find some peace.

Table of Contents


****


June 14, 2025, Springfield
On June 14, 2020, God died.
Accounts differ as to how it felt. Some say they felt an intense pain, or remembered old griefs afresh. Others say it was a profound and sorrowful awareness – the dawning realization of a lost opportunity. No one was spared, however, and no one doubted.
God was dead.
The number of Suicides fell after that day. It took several years to get a solid count, but perhaps unsurprisingly, when God died, no one felt compelled to follow. Many people in a manic fit of anguish did foolish things like throw themselves out of windows, sobbing all the way down, but if it was possible to turn back, most of them did.
Lenny Kravitz, 15, survived his fall, barely, and was able to remain conscious long enough to tell witnesses that he realized he had made a mistake just before he hit.
Jane Huth had almost killed herself too. She was in the car when it happened, driving home from the store with a bag full of three apples, an orange, a sweet potato, a some tortillas, a cheap bottle of wine, and a container of cream cheese. She had been listening to an audio book recommended by her brother, when she suddenly couldn't see the street. Now, five months later, she didn't remember the sobbing, the aching lungs, or even how long she was crying. She did remember how her vision stung, and blurred. She remembered feeling her hands shake, and desperately wanting to curl into a ball and hold herself – and instead carefully turning the wheel towards the concrete median. Some small part of her brain told her to cross her arms in front of her chest. Had she noticed her foot had slipped off the gas when she began to cry, she would have hit the wall at sixty miles per hour, instead of just thirty. The air bags were activated, and she walked away from the crash with a broken nose, and bruised arms and legs.
Some days, she thought of herself as one of the lucky ones.
For three months no one dared to talk about it. The feelings were too sharp – too painful. Smiles were forced throughout the weeks, and no one dared whisper their growing fear. Finally, when it became clear the world was continuing to spin, the world began to grudgingly accept what it had feared – that God was gone forever. No one knew how they knew – indeed, the fact that everyone had the same instinct was proof enough.
Jane fell into routine fairly quickly. There wasn't much left to do, now. She had broken up with Dan the next day, when he demanded that she come with him to a Penitence meeting. She had never been one for Church before, and now it felt like masturbating in the town square. She told him so, and words were said that couldn't be taken back. None of it could be taken back now.
Jane kept her job as a bartender. Some part of the old world that had stuck with her, even through God's death, told her that it would be good money now. Surprisingly, though, business had dwindled. The solace of alcohol did not seem to attract people the way that it had with other tragedies in their lives.
Nevertheless, every day Jane walked into the Bar & Grill next to the train tracks, opened the till, and took the money of anyone who happened to wander in. When there was no-one, she listened to the same songs on the jukebox, or re-read old books. Liger, her boss, stopped coming in every day. After a few months, he only came in once a week. Then once a month. Then he stopped coming altogether, except to periodically purchase a whiskey straight.
“Why are you still here?” He had asked her last month. “Why bother? No one comes in here, no one's drinking anymore. You don't need the money, do you? What costs anything anymore?”
She hadn't had a good answer. Prices of everything had dropped, drastically. Food was cheaper than it had ever been, as was gas, water, and rent. People didn't drive much anymore, so no one bought gasoline. The world was settling down into a quiet numbing rut. People still worked, but not as hard, and no one complained about it, because everyone knew why. They sill ate, and drank, and argued, and loved, but not as vibrantly as before. Jane wasn't sure why she stayed, and opened the bar every day. Perhaps it was habit.

On June 14, 2025, the five year anniversary of God's death, a woman walked into the bar. She wore a white suit, with a black tie, and a white headband. Her hair was jet black, but Jane could see the faint graying roots. She walked in, and sat down at a table in the back. Jane had never seen her before, so she extracted herself from a conversation with John, one of the two weekly regulars. She walked over to the table, menu in hand, and set it down in front of the woman. Seeing her closer in the dim evening light, Jane could see now she was middle aged, her neck and eyes showing deep wrinkles. She wore a tarnished silver ring, and a golden locket on a white ribbon choker.
“What would you like?” Jane asked, leaning one hand on the back of the chair next to the woman. She gingerly picked up the menu, and looked at it, aimlessly.
“Do you have fries?” she asked, in a voice that when she was young would have been savory and sultry, but a lifetime of smoking had turned deep and gravely. Jane nodded. “I'll have the fries,” she said, making no move to return the menu. Jane walked back to the kitchen and gave the order to Tom, the only cook who had stuck around. He tossed his cigarette away, and turned the fryer on. Jane made a mental note to reprimand him later for being so careless, confident she would forget before the day was done. She returned to the bar, and John, who was knocking back the last of his cider.
“Another for me, darling,” he said, smiling wanly. John somehow had managed to be an optimistic pessimist. He had always been positive bad things would happen, and yet was never far from a brilliant smile, or full belly laugh that made the world seem better for it. And he was unshakable in his belief that when the bad things happened, they would get better later. Jane had always liked him, and was glad when he kept coming back to the bar. Jane pulled another cider for him, and set it in front of him. He took a sip, and smiled sadly.
“I think I'm going to die tomorrow,” he said, turning his smile into a grin.
“Finally?” Jane scraped her tip off the table and wiped the table with a rag in one swift motion. John nodded slowly. It took a moment for Jane to realize he wasn't making a joke. “Seriously?” She asked, leaning on the bar.
“Yep,” John leaned away from her, causing the bar-stool to creak under his shifting weight. “I think it's time.”
Now, five years after God's death, the sentiment sounded absurd. Jane tapped her finger on the wooden bar for a few moments, before she straightened again.
“I'd rather you didn't.” It sounded pitiful in her ears, but after seeing John's expression, she was afraid she had been too harsh. He wiped his eyes, and pushed his half finished cider away.
“I'm tired, my dear,” John crossed his arms over his chest. “I'm an old gay actor at the end of his time, and there's little reason to putter about anymore. Most of my friends are gone, and I can't be bothered to make new ones now. It's too late for me.”
“Do you have wine?” The elderly woman from the back of the room called out to Jane.
“Red or white?” Jane called back, irritated at the interruption. The woman blinked and looked back at the menu.
“Red?” She said, finally. Jane pulled the only jug of red wine they had left, and poured a glass. They hadn't stocked much wine in the last few months. She took the glass to the woman, and then returned to sit on the bar stool next to John.
“Tell me about Stratford again?” she asked, quietly. John's eyes glittered, and the old wrinkled face broke into a wistful grin.
“Ah, the Stratford Festival! In 2016, I played Dracula, Don Quixote, and Estragon, all in the same season! I was understudying for Dracula, you see. Dirk was his name... let me see... Dirk... Kingsly! That's right. And he had never played Dracula before, but the director had seen his Oberon and thought he was exactly what he wanted. So I worked with him day after day, running lines and talking about delivery and other actors and getting drunk all the while... And he could never get his last moment – he hated it. He stands up from the coffin and pulls Mina to him, and is poisoned by holy bread. He was so stiff and formal, but he wanted passion and fire. The director loved it the way it was, but Dirk wouldn't hear it.”
John sighed, and nudged his drink with his knuckle.
“He was hit by a drunk driver two weeks before opening. Broke both legs and tore the muscles. By the time he was out of physical therapy and able to do the show, we'd already had rave reviews and he couldn't remember half the lines – said they'd all been knocked out of his head in the crash. He declined to return, and we gave him the coffin after the season closed – a bit of a macabre gift, I think, but it made a great deal of sense at the time. I tell you, sweetheart, I don't half wish I still had his email address...”
“Are you gay?” The old woman called out from where she sat. John turned, his face wide with surprise. He collected himself, wiped his mouth with his hand, and leaned against the bar, his free hand lounging behind him on the rail.
“Yes, I am,” he said, his fingertips playing with the edge of his jacket. “Are you?”
“No,” the woman returned to the menu. John looked at Jane and shook his head in amazement.
“I'm sorry,” he said, standing and casually strolling over to her table. “But I didn't get your name.”
The woman looked up from the menu, startled. Her mouth parted, as if to answer, and then she stopped, licking her lips instead. She set the menu down.
“Kara,” she said, clasping her hands in front of her like she was reciting a lesson. “My name is Kara Banks.”
“A pleasure to meet you, Kara,” John held out his hand, and kissed Kara's when she took it. Her lips twitched into something like a smile, and John pulled out the chair next to her and sat down. “Jane dear, fetch me my drink, will you, love?”
“I don't mean to intrude,” the woman's eyes dropped to the table, her voice; to a whisper. Her wrinkled hands began to fidget nervously.
“Not at all – you're one of the family here,” John reached out and took the offered drink from Jane's hands. “So tell us about yourself, my dear.”
“Not much to say,” Kara became entranced by the menu, studying as if she were translating the language to a dead tongue. John laughed.
“Oh there's always something,” He cajoled playfully. “A favorite food? Family? Go on, tell us who your first crush was – we don't know him. Or her. Or I know! It's the five-year anniversary, why don't we slay that laughably quaint taboo, and talk about religion?”
But Kara was resolute, and with a short sharp shake of the head, she locked her mouth and was silent. John took a sip from his drink, and nodded slowly.
“Okay then, I'll go first, shall I? I'm an old gay actor – well, ex-actor, really – and I'm ready to die. I've had a long and full life, full of regrets, and I lost my husband to cancer seven years ago. I watched him slowly waste away, and through all of it, through every awful, painful, heart-crushing second, I reminded myself that I would have to be strong for him, so that I could make his last moments on this ball of dirt and shit happy. And I knew that some day we would see each other again. And now I don't know. I lost my love two years early – that was when the light of my life died. Now I've just been going through the motions.”
John set his drink down, and looked pointedly at Kara. She was looking at him, her eyes tired, and sad, the menu forgotten.
“So come on old gel, your turn.” John leaned on the table, affecting an interested air. Kara's mouth started to speak twice before she finally got out a sentence.
“I'm an atheist,” she said in a whisper. “And I killed God.”
An Atheist? Jane thought for a moment – Religion had become more taboo since five years ago. People were generally unwilling to discuss their beliefs anymore, but on the few occasions when patrons had become drunk enough, they would glad-fully take the time to give Jane their confession. She had served Baptists, Catholics, Jews – both Orthodox and Reform, Hindus, Buddhists, Satanists, Lutherans, Mormons, and even a member of the Church of the Sub-Genius from the nearby university. Several people admitted that they had been atheist before, but now, for some reason, they weren't.
It was bizarre, now that she took the time to think about it. They finally had proof. Atheism, however wrong it had been in the past, was correct now. There as no God anymore – and atheists had vanished in droves, turning back to childhood faiths and theologies like a security blanket. Kara must have had this conversation before, because Jane could see her steel herself for what was to come.
“Oh, now really,” John patted her hand comfortingly. “There have been atheists around for a long time, and I don't think you could count yourself the straw that broke the camel's back, eh?”
“I killed God. I watched it die.” Her voice was strangely dead. The menu was laid down carefully, and Kara placed her hands next to each other on the table. John glanced at Jane, who shook her head, lost. Kara continued.
“I saw it die in my arms, quivering and alone. At the time I thought it was a good thing, what I was doing. I was ending Hell forever, because what kind of god could give us Hell? And without no Heaven, there is no Hell, and what is Heaven without god?” She shivered, rubbing her hands into the table. “It was harder than I thought. I thought it'd be easy to do – killing it. It wasn't a He, you know, or a She. I always thought it would have been a She... And when I was done, I knew what I had done, and I came home.”
“I think we'd both like to hear that story.” he said, slowly. Kara sighed resignedly and shook her head.
“I can't tell you,” her voice quivered slightly. “It's...”
“What is it?” John raised an eyebrow, but Jane took his shoulder.
“What's your real name?” she asked, looking at the woman's deep eyes. Their gaze locked, and Jane was filled with a deep urge to run and hide, or cover her ears so she couldn't hear. Finally, the woman bowed her head, and whispered.
“Janus,” she said.
For a moment, nothing moved in the still air of the bar. A muted clatter from the kitchen accompanied Tom hopping through the back door to have a quick smoke. A random fly buzzed past Jane's ear, but she felt no reflex to swat it away. She wanted to laugh, or shrug, or tell John she thought this woman was crazy, but she couldn't. Her name was Janus. Jane knew, without any doubt that everything she said was true. The last time she had felt such certainty was five years ago, today. Finally, John coughed, breaking the silence.
“Well then, I forgive you,” he said.
Janus looked up, and Jane could not tell if it was aghast relief and gratitude, or harsh and scornful fury that flashed so quickly across Janus's face before it twisted again into the slightly worried shyness from before. John coughed again.
“Janus, John, and Jane. Huh,” he muttered, standing up from his chair, and returning to the counter. Janus only stayed for another five minutes before she dropped a twenty on the table and left without her fries. John paid soon after and patted Jane on the hand as he took his change.
“You know what, I think I'll stick around for a while longer.”
It took only a glance for Jane to realize what he meant. Grateful as she was, Jane was curious and so she asked him why. He shrugged.
“She's still around,” he said, pointing over his shoulder at the door. “She's either afraid of what's waiting for her, or doesn't think she deserves it. Either way, it'll come soon enough, and I can be patient. See you tomorrow?”
He didn't. Jane left that evening, packing her car with as many clothes and food as she could, and headed west. She wasn't sure why, but something about Janus had put things in a clearer light for her. She had left a note for Liger, explaining as much as she could, but how could she tell him why she left, when she wasn't sure herself?
Maybe it was because there was nothing else to do. Perhaps Janus helped her see that finally there was no great plan that would force her to do anything, and she was well and truly free. Maybe she was lonely and wanted to find another friend to be with. All she knew for certain was that to the west lay a setting sun, and she wanted it to last as long as she could chase it.

Table of Contents


****


And That Night It Came
I sit now at my desk, hand trembling to spite my dark intent. I have no recourse but to place in writing the terrible and ominous portents that have been visited to me this night, as I sat reclining in my grandfather's chair, reading from one of the many ancient texts that line my library walls. Until now, I had thought these books were at worst a boast. A casual conciliatory gesture to my literary past, and a knowing wink and a nod to any guests I may once have invited to my home. Now I do detest the sight of them, these rusty tombs of crusty ink and decaying papyrus. I see them now for what they are – vile corpses of living plants, once full of seeds and spores, now skinned and drained of life, with acidic brackish ichor carving the feeble gibbering of children and mad men into their bones, all bound together with the dry skins of dead animals, long since past this mortal plane. Macabre collages of decay and madness.
I did not always think this way. I once revered these glorious tombs of ancient knowledge. I would spend days upon end in my youth in this room. With time and parents permitting, I would make meals for myself, and create a survival bundle like a tribal hunter of old, or a mountain climber preparing for a mighty ascent. I always chose the same table cloth, for it was slightly yellow, and matched the hue, if not texture and scent, of the old and weathered books. I would take the broom from the old closet, and fashion a serviceable tent between two straight-backed chairs, and spend hours, days, reading of far off lands and ancient heroes. I would submerge myself like a baptism in philosophy and history, drinking in the ancient wisdom. Such wonders!
I loved the smell – the crisp and dusty smell of dried pages and crusty inks. Some of the books were so old that the black ink had faded to a deep sea-blue, covering the page like lilies or rhododendrons peeking through a field of soft golden wheat. Now the smell reminds me of charnel houses, and crumbling brickwork, or dry and brittle bones, yellowed with the passage of eons.
Even as I grew, I loved these books, and whenever I returned home from university I would always spend at least a day a week reading, learning of old medicines or explorations up the Amazon. My peers thought this passion but a minor aberration of my character. They scorned the passion I held for learning and self-improvement through the mind, and instead spent their hours in physical trials with arbitrary rules – a pastime I could not comprehend the value of. I confess I thought the worse of them at the time, pitying their embrace of ignorance and superstition. Even now, in my old age, I found myself returning daily to this library and its oaken shelves. Late at night, like a boy looking for some late-night sweet, I would carefully scan the shelves, looking for some new book that I had not yet read.
The wakings began seven weeks ago. I would find myself shivering awake in the darkness, mutely terrified by some great portent I could not fathom. I spent a week like this, sleeping poorly and fitfully, before I heard the scratchings. Something, outside was haunting my grounds, rustling among the bushes and shrubs of my estate. Periodically, I would hear a sharp barking noise, or snapping cough, like the shot of a gun. In the morning light, I was always able to convince myself some bear or wolf had taken residence in the nearby forest and traveled to my home to scavenge, but in the night, the terrors that shook my imaginations conjured terrible beasts and demons to horrify my mind. It became so unbearable, that when I awoke in my awful clutch of foreboding I would rise immediately, and run to the library – a room of solace – so I would not hear the terrible noise from outside my window.
There, in my library I could rest, and calm my nerves with some fascinating depiction of far off lands or exotic peoples. It was on one such occasion, hunting for an interesting evening's read, that I became aware that the books in front of me were illuminated not only by the dim light of the reading lamp, but by a pale effervescent blue from the other side of the library. Filled with the same curiosity that caused me to waste countless hours in the room in the frivolous pursuit of self-improvement, I turned to inspect the origin of this sapphire glow.
Oh! If only I had not turned! If only I had strode out of the room, eyes lowered, I might still be the man I was, and not the hollow shell I am now, tormented by what I have learned! But no, I was not concerning myself with the dangers or consequences of my curiosity. I was only consumed by my quest to know and learn. To discover what strange and luminous blue object was covering my eyes with it's sheen.
I could not say it hovered, for it was not in one place, but it seemed to be everywhere, quivering and convalescing in haggard heaves of sickness. At once it was before me, shivering in the cold darkness of the room, and then was I inside it, seeing its inner spasming covering the walls and floor and ceiling as though it had turned itself inside out and the center was now the only thing recognizable as my once sanctified library, and then back again. I tried to tear my gaze away from this vile and corrupt event, but no matter how I tried, my vision was locked on the ever shifted quakes that rippled the air between me and it. I cannot say how long I stood, my mind consumed with this grotesque apparition. It may have been hours, or seconds, but all at once I felt the Thing move, flickering between the spaces in my sight.
I knew then that it was no mere it, but a living thing – as much as passes for a soul as any thing in this cold unfeeling universe. Not living as you or I, perhaps, but as a viral and inevitable intelligence, spreading through my mind, sending spidery tendrils to root and branch between the folds of my brain. I tried to cry out, to run, to escape the sinister invasion into my soul, but I could not move.
How to explain the sensation of telepathy? For not a word was spoken, and yet I know we communicated together, the Thing and I. Not in words, for what use are words to two minds, unfamiliar with each other? Perhaps some solace can be taken from the fact that the Thing had memories, or thoughts to share, but I can take no such balm, for I know what memories and feelings the Thing had, and saw fit to share.
And I saw, or rather remembered, a rotting history of our wretched race. I saw mankind sliding like grease across this planet in the coming centuries, and outward towards the stars. Our foolish scientists plumbing the depths of our depraved brains, searching for scraps of truth and shards of deduction. No star or planet was beyond our reach, as we built mighty arks to infect other wet balls of mud in the barren universe. We experimented with our bodies and our minds, in the fool-hearty attempt to improve what was already broken. Bits of silicon and copper filled our soft gray brains, and steel replaced our bones. Cold and heartless computers studied our souls, and prescribed thoughts and feelings. Our apotheosis was neigh!
I know not what it was – whether drug, or tool, or philosophy – that brought us to our transcendence, but I know what was left behind. A by-product. A cast-off leftover of a wretched unholy ritual that now quivered and shook around me in a hideous display of familiarity. And now the thing had flown through the centuries, back through the ages to find the ancestors of those who birthed it's fetid form. And though I cannot bare to call the swirling web of sticky senses that I touched a mind, or dare suggest that the twisted afterbirth had any unholy part that could be called an soul, it was through some woeful connection with the thing that I saw our destiny.
Woe to us all! My worst fears were realized in that moment, for I saw a million universes stretching out beyond the nine senses we will cultivate. An empire that covers a billion billion stars and planets, until our never ending search for the new finally reaches its grim and inevitable conclusion – the multiverse is finite! With no boundaries of time or space left to us, in the span of a million years we learn all there is to know, and become as a God – our omnipresence leaves us no room for confusion or ignorance, and with the equations and alchemy of creation laid bare, we turn our single eye across creation, and realize there is nowhere left to go!
And yet the eons continue to turn, with our infinite wisdom and madness screaming across the ages. No mysteries left to satiate our curiosity, no thoughts yet to be thought, no dreams that have not been dreamed. Nothing left but the boundless wastes of empty and the boring equation of eternity, mapped out before us like a railroad. And our numbing madness will spread across time, pressing down on us all like a foul rotting cloud of carrion, begging us to avoid this fate. Demanding we cease our passion for mysteries and discoveries.
My books. What once I thought was food for an eager mind I can now see is nothing more than fuel for a mighty engine that is driving us unavoidably towards a hell we cannot fathom. My peers whom I scorned I do beg forgiveness from now. I thought them fools for scorning my pursuits. I see now that I was the worse fool.
Time is running out so I must be brief. I will burn the library tonight – I hope the others who live within these walls will wake and smell the smoke before they die a gruesome death, but if they do not it shall perhaps be the better for them. For me, I cannot share a fate so merciful. Already I can hear in the shrubs and bushes outside a maddened expulsion, like a rabid dog barking at a decomposing carcass it has found. There is the scratching and beating at the windows, and I know my new kin, my fellows have come for me. The madness we share is already seeping through the corners of my mind, barking at the doors of my sanity – and I welcome its comforting balm. My kin and I who have seen this hell shall return to the forests and swamps from whence our unhappy race first crawled. And in our maddened revelry, in dark and forgotten places, we will praise the Thing that saved us from the fetid curse of sentience. We will worship the foul stool of our future apotheosis into hell, until blessed oblivion shall take us all. For my mind touched its, and I know in the harsh and twisted core of its mind, beyond word or thought, it loves me, and wishes to feel me as I wish to feel it.
Weep not for me, whoever finds this warning, but cleanse yourself of the human frailties of thought and justice. It is a universe of chaos, and all our efforts to find order are futile. For all our philosophies and prophets cannot save us from the unavoidable boundaries of reality. Do not seek, my former fellow race of man, because ye shall find.

Table of Contents


****


The Apprentice
If you were to walk down the main street in New Haven, you would see a great many wondrous sights. From open air markets to lively taverns and on again to street performers and brothels, and the mighty throne of Sir Brian III, soon King, housed deep in a castle of stone. If you were to place your hand on the stone that had roughened and crumbled from time and weather, and follow the castle wall towards the rising sun, you would eventually find your way to a small alleyway heading deeper into the city. A few steps away from the wall would lead you to the beaten and termite eaten door of an old man and his apprentice.
The apprentice would doubtlessly be copying one of hundreds of pictures, diagrams, or formulae housed in one of hundreds of the books and parchments housed tightly in the bookshelves that line the wall. The old man would either be busy making the meals, grinding herbs, or locked behind the door that lead to the cellar. Currently, this was where he was, causing a great number of strange and foreign noises to filter through the keyhole. The apprentice frowned and focused on his writing. The quill pen made quiet scratching noises as it flew across the paper, carving black strokes into the dry white paper. His mind returned, unbidden to the chickens and geese at his fathers farm, the chickens making loud scratching noises as they carved food from the ground. The apprentice paused and allowed himself to smile at the memory as he dipped his quill into the small ink hole on the table. He returned to the book he was copying and fed his brain once more on the black inked drawings, remembering each bit as he wrote, sometimes turning to the small collection of bottles and herbs on his desk to test a recipe.
A brief knock at the door caused the apprentice no concern, and only the briefest frown crossed his mouth as a gust of wind from the now opened door disturbed his writing. He barely glanced up at the Noble who had entered, and continued his writings.
“Is the Master present?”
At this, the apprentice paused and waited for the telltale sound of a deadbolt being unlatched and the cellar door opening. Within moments the old man would be nodding and bobbing his aged head and white beard, pushing the blue cap out of his eyes. His hands would clasp and unclasp in humblest belittlement of his talents, and his dimming eyes would blink through the dim light at the man. Indeed, the apprentice could already hear the latch being jiggled from the cellar, and then the deadbolt being removed, and the latch tried again. The Master hobbled out, his back bent as though the blue pointed cap on his head were filled with lead. He blinked owlishly, and then smiled warmly as the Noble greeted him by name.
“How may my humble talents be of use?” he croaked, his hands meeting and interlocking in front of him. The noble produced a folded parchment, and handed it to the Master, his voice firm and businesslike.
“His Royal Lord, Sir Brian the Third, requests your aid in the procurement of altered metal. He requires no fewer than three hundred of the arrows currently housed in the barracks to become as gold, no later than noontide in half a month.”
The Master carefully unfolded the parchment, and blinked at the writing. After a few moments, he handed it to the apprentice with a hopeful look plain on his wrinkled face. The apprentice smiled and carefully read out the terms of the agreement, and explained the planned payment. The Master nodded carefully, and licked his lips. A few moments passed while the Noble glanced about the room. Finally, the Master turned to the Noble, and gave his own terms in his shaky voice.
“I require half again the gold listed, a sapphire from the royal treasury, and one arrow from the barracks. You will receive golden arrows within a fortnight.”
There was a pause as the noble stomached this development. The Royal Treasury was filled with the personal goods of the King. The Treasury was reserved for tributes, offers, and payments to other countries. No man would ever see so much as a copper coin lest they too were King of a different land. Finally, the noble nodded slowly, and left. As soon as the door closed, the Master's eyes instantly cleared, and his hands dropped to his sides. He turned to his apprentice, his voice clear and sharp.
“Hurry, boy, go to the Woodsmen, and purchase all the fuel you can for the forge. We will need heat!”
The apprentice nodded, and set down his quill, replacing the cover on the Inkhole. He grabbed a small coin sack from the shelves, and headed out into the bustling city.
The Great Market was the largest of its kind in the whole kingdom. A massive open-air bazaar filled from building to building with stalls and merchants trumpeting their wares. Wandering peddlers twisted and scuttled their way through the massive crowds, calling prices and exchanging coin. The whole plaza was framed by the House of Commoners towards the Dawn, and the Playhouse to the Dusk. The It was simple enough to find a young Son of the Woodsmen – the name given to the woodcutters of New Haven. His beard was barely thick enough to hide a gnat, and his arms lithe and thin for a woodcutter. He cheerfully took the apprentice's gold, and handed him a small stamped wax tablet in promise of the bargain. The wood would be delivered within the day.
Indeed it was, and as the two burly Sons of the Woodsmen walked out of the house after carrying seven bundles of fuel to the cellar, the apprentice handed them wax tablet to be melted down and used again – a promise fulfilled.
Two days later, as expected, the Noble returned, refusing the gem from Sir Brian's hand. The hobbled Master calmly debated and haggled with the man, explaining carefully how important the sapphire was to connect the arrow he worked on to the arrows in the barracks. He spoke long and disjointedly about the ley lines of the world, and the elements that connected stone to stone, and steel to steel. He rambled on about the mystical forces that fill even the smallest insect, and important incantations to the spirits. He waved a feeble hand at the books filled with formula and explained the nature of sapphires as conduits for magical change. He prattled about mystical connections between an item and its owner, and the importance of a strong connection when making such a large change. After two hours, the apprentice spoke up, and rescued the Noble from his fate. He reminded the Master that the sapphire need only be used as a channel, not a focus. If he had all the arrows in the cellar, he would not need the sapphire to come from Sir Brian himself. The Master paused and nodded slowly before turning back to the Noble.
“It would be harder, and I will need twice the original amount. Bring a sapphire Sir Brian has touched, and return tomorrow.”
His eyes clear again, as the Noble left, he patted the apprentice on the back, a wry grin on his lips. The apprentice hardly noticed, his focus on the formula he was copying.

The next day saw the Change. It was nearly midday when a sturdy knock at the door caused the hobbled Master to leave his cellar. Three soldiers strode gamely into the house, each carrying five full quivers of arrows. The Noble followed behind with a very large sack of coin, and a pouch smaller than two of his fingers. He handed both to the Master, and strode out with the three now unburdened soldiers in tow. The door shut, and the Master's eyes twinkled. The apprentice smiled sadly, and returned to the scroll he was copying until he felt a hand resting upon shoulder.
"Come. Let us begin."
The door to the cellar slid silently open, with none of the creak it had before. The cellar was large, and spacious, the walls lined with tables and glass containers. A distillery dominated one side of the room, while a small forge squatted in the other. The forge was a large stone oven, filled at the bottom with wood via a small hole in the front. A larger hole squatted at waist height, where metals and other things could be inserted to be heated from the fires below. A metal sheet had been placed just inside this hole, nearly covering the wood, leaving only a small gap at the back for the smoke to escape out the chimney. On one side, a massive bellows sat, while the pile of fuel lay on the other side. The Master was already crawling on the floor, furiously lighting a small fire inside. Suddenly, with a grim smile and a rub of the hands, the Master stood up and grabbed the sack from the apprentice and pried it open, his eyes gleaming at the sight of the coin. His gnarled hands grasped at the gold, his lips twisting in delight. His hands paused only a moment before they snatched a single gold coin, and tossed it into the stone bowl at the side of the forge. Quick movements followed as five more coins were selected, and then thrown into the bowl with a clicking noise. The apprentice moved to a side table, where steel tools lay arranged in strange and indiscernible patterns. He picked up a pair of tongs, and walked to the stone bowl, now full. He carefully picked it up, and set it in the forge while the Master furiously pumped at the bellows. Taking his place at the wood, the apprentice tossed log and kindling into the forge, while the Master called for more and more heat. Finally, the Master stopped, and ran to the steel tongs. Carefully, he drew the stone bowl from the depths of the furnace, and set the stone bowl, now glowing with golden fire, on the floor. The Master crawled to it on his hands and knees, his eyes reflecting the steely golden glow. For ages, it seemed, the Master stared into the bright liquid, his lips frozen half open, his tongs periodically nudging the bowl. Finally, he released one hand from the tongs, and slowly reached out a hand to the apprentice, who was already offering an arrow and a small bowl of water. The Master took the arrow and slowly dipped the head into the glowing liquid, held it, and then slowly pulled it out again. A glistening yellow arrowhead greeted their eyes, and he slowly dipped the arrow into the water. A loud hiss and blast of steam stung their faces, as both Master and apprentice squinted. Again, they waited, until the master held out the arrow to the apprentice, who took it and placed it back in a quiver, and then held out another arrow to the Master, who was already reaching towards him, eye's glinting in the forge's flame.
And so it went on into the night. Coin was melted and cooled, arrowheads were dipped and hardened. The Master shifted quickly between fervently pumping the bellows and the calm and precise movements as he dipped the arrows into the molten gold. Finally, before dawn peaked over the walls of the Castle, the job was finished. Every arrow was gold. The sack of coin was empty, and the fuel exhausted. The Master yawned, and prepared to sleep, while the apprentice was sent to the alleyways and back streets of New Haven, to find a fence for a small sapphire gem.

Three days later, the apprentice finished his copying.
The Master stood over his apprentice as he finished the last page of the massive book. The final diagram was finished, and the quill dropped into the inkhole from tired and cramping fingers. The Master glanced at the other pages, and nodded slowly. He took the pages the apprentice had copied and handed them to him.
“Bring these,” was all he said. The apprentice nodded, and the Master hefted the heavy book from the desk. Tucking it firmly under his arm, he picked up a large sack and slung it over his shoulder. Bending slightly under the load, he walked to the cellar, blowing out the candles as he went, bringing dusk to the small house. The cellar seemed much quieter and emptier without the forge roaring and belching flame. The tools were placed neatly on the tables, the distillery quiet, the forge cold. The master stood in the center of the room and pointed to the forge.
“Light it,” was all he said. Unbidden, three formula flowed into the apprentices head. A process by which one may seal fire into chalk to light when struck, a method to properly arrange fuel to light quickly, and a small collection of gears and levers that could cause a flint to spark on a lead strip. He glanced around the room, looking for tools or means to light the flame. It wasn't until minutes passed that he noticed the small flickering glow surrounding the Master. Looking behind him, the apprentice saw the small candle that was already sputtering its final breath. Quickly, he grabbed a small stick from the fuel pile, and lit the end, scarcely daring to breathe. The stick lit just as the candle failed. He carefully carried his small burden to the forge, where he saw the fuel had already been stacked appropriately. As the small flame caught the lighter wood, the Master thumped his hand on the massive book. The resounding thud echoed louder than it should have to the apprentice's ears. The stern gaze of the Master followed the apprentice as he walked back to stand in front of the Master. The light was dim and cold from the barely breathing forge. The Master thumped the book again.
“Have you copied this book?” he asked, his voice calm. The apprentice could only nod. The master met his gaze with steel. “Do you have faith in your skill?” The apprentice paused. He had not learned much since the Master had taken him in. He had learned as much as he could from the books that he had copied, and practiced little more while doing so. He nodded just the same. With a quick nod, the Master tossed the book to the Forge.
The apprentice tried to gasp in horror. He tried to move to pull the book from the flames before they crept up the glistening leather. He wanted to cry in disbelief, but he couldn't. He could only stare as the Master opened the sack, and pulled out another book. He held it up to the apprentice.
“Have you copied this book?” he asked again. The apprentice nodded, and the forge was fed again. “This scroll?” another nod. formula after formula was tossed to feed the fire, until the forge was crackling and hissing with life, the heat in the room more unbearable than it ever had been before. The Master opened the sack, and held it out to the apprentice. He looked inside and saw the many scrolls he had copied over the years. Unbidden, the past years flooded through his mind. He saw every diagram, every list, every recipe. He remembered how many times he had worked long into the night copying. He wondered how many times he had slipped with the quill, or missed a word in his sleepiness. He remembered the time he rewrote a small section because he thought the sugarcane burned better if mashed rather than cut. He remembered realizing a day later a scroll he thought he had finished needed to be redone because of a simple mistake. He wondered how many he had missed. The Master looked meaningfully at the crumpled pages the apprentice now held in his hand. His fist unclenched as he relaxed his iron grip, and slowly understood why the books and scrolls he had copied never seemed as old as they should have been. He placed the paper in the sack, and the Master nodded. He handed the sack to the apprentice and gave his last order as the Master.
“Go to the Binder tomorrow, and have new books made.”
The apprentice looked into the flames of the forge as he took the sack. The Master smiled, and patted the apprentice on the back. “Never look for knowledge in books, young one. The real knowledge is in the world, and in your head.”
The apprentice nodded as his mind drifted back to the chickens at his fathers farm. He remembered the fastest way to pluck a chicken was to kill it first, and the best cure for a cow that had stopped giving milk was a butcher's knife. He held the sack close to him, and watched the flames dance and sing over the blackening leather books and parchment. 

Table of Contents


****

About the Author: 
Nathan Thompson currently lives in Evanston, Illinois with his wife, working as an actor. He has been seen in numerous Jeff Recommended productions. He is an avid storyteller, having written numerous short stories also available for download. He has been fascinated by technology for most of his life, and is passionate about the future and what mysteries it holds.

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/nathan.thompson.10690
Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/NathanThompson

