The Theatre of the Apocalypse

Part Three

By UD Sandberg

Copyright 2013 UD Sandberg

Smashwords Edition

All images copyright © are in the public domain.
PART THREE

THE LION IN THE CATHEDRAL



Detail from the floor mosaic in the Siena Cathedral

31

Rome
Year 1599

Michele had sneaked behind the guards with the trailer for almost three hours and was losing patience. They seemed to take the trolley all over Rome. Bellarmine´s watchdogs visited stock traders1, artisans and bookstores. They rifled through drawers and chests in search of banned publications printed by Thoth´s Brotherhood. Meanwhile, the owners stood outside their merchant stalls with their backs to the house.
But he didn´t give up, when he had followed them as long as he had he wouldn’t give up so easily. Michele followed them past the Campo Vaccino, through the odors from the fish stalls outside the Colosseum. They continued to unexplored area of ​​Rome, at least for Michele, through Constantine's triumphal arch to the crossroads above the Circus Maximus, where a large field spread out from the south into the ancient arena.
When they visited the house that was next to the field, they returned to the city again. Michele kept his distance, afraid of being discovered.
They entered the palace district next to Piazza Navona. The stopped in Piazza San Luigi dei Francesi outside a bookshop. They seemed to be waiting for someone. Michele leaned against a wall. Looked in a different direction but still so he could keep an eye on what they did.

Two old women sat on either box next to Michele and whispered, one had a hand behind a bucket and pointed up the street to Piazza del Popolo. One elderly gentleman stood in a small window one floor up in a stone house and looked down in the direction the woman pointed.
He pulled the window hatch open slightly and looked out from behind it, as if he was trying to hide.
In the direction the woman pointed at the other end of the piazza, a man came with an entourage of guards. The buzz on the piazza fell silent and everyone looked scared of the man.
It was General Inquisitor Bellarmine. He nodded to the crowd and then several of the women nervously bowed.
I had thought that the people of Rome would feel awe and perhaps love for the man who was responsible for their salvation, but they were just scared.
Bellarmine was in his usual sullen mood and met up with guards who shot the cart. They went into the bookshop next to the entrance to the church of San Luigi dei Francesi. Michele moved closer to the cart.
He saw the pamphlet he had seen earlier with Thoth´s Brotherhood´s symbol. On several of the pamphlets he saw that someone had written a message with wobbly handwriting, it was just one sentence, but he could not see it.
He heard Bellarmine´s voice from inside the bookshop. The cart was standing too close. He knew they would see him if he took a pamphlet.

He stood with his back against the wall and waited. He looked at an old woman who sold the images of saints from a basket outside the Palazzo Madama and the Sapienza University.
Michele noticed that a man came out of the university. He had a long, dark velvet coat on. He carried himself as if he were trying to notice all the faces and movements of the piazza.
Soon after, he met another man. They stood close together. From the lining of his coat the man took a letter and tucked it into the waistband of the other man's coat. He leaned forward and whispered in his ear.

While Michele witnessed the scene he came up with a way to get a pamphlet. But he'd never imagined how right he was.
Bellarmine came out of the bookshop with his guards. He rolled out a list, got a pen from a guard and checked off the bookshop behind them.
Michele took the opportunity. He looked wide-eyed at Bellarmine. He pointed to the men outside Sapienza and screamed.
”Thoth´s Brotherhood!”
Bellarmine followed instantly Michele's arm and saw the man who received the letter. The man in the velvet coat slipped into the gate to the university without them seeing.
The courier saw Bellarmine and his guards. He froze and stood still for a few seconds. He turned on his heel and ran away everything he could towards Piazza Navona. Bellarmine and his guards rushed after.
They left the cart. Michele took the pamphlet with the Brotherhood's emblem and tucked under his coat. He walked briskly toward Piazza del Popolo.
He bought the magazine Avvisi of a salesman in Piazza del Popolo. He went up to Circus Maximus fields and sat in the garden outside an abandoned palace, there were several in the area. Some inhabited by the homeless, others were completely derelict.
The grass was overgrown and the fruit of the trees had rotted. There was a blanket in the loggia and planks with clay laid against the opening of the garden from where the wind blew.
He hid in the loggia. He wrapped the pamphlet in the newspaper and read. The pamphlet was the same as the one August had in possession with the exception of the CE-cipher that was on his title page.



Reproba informatio ab Deus - occultus venalicium in praedestino vicis versus

This is wisdom from the Theatre of the Five Gates

Tabula smaragdina
Everything above is like that which is below, and anything below is like that which is above. In this path the One´s miracle will be achieved.
Place this on top of a wheel of the Great Truth, and you will see Great Magic.
Michele recognized the wheel with strange symbols that was under the text. It was an exact copy of the medallion that the whore Fillide had around her neck. He did not understand a word of what it meant, just as she said.
Farther down the page someone had written in ink. The text was half smudged, the letters had flowed out like spots on the page. The short handwriting revealed that a message would be nailed within a few days at the Pasquino. For further instructions it said.
Michele hid the pamphlet along with the newspaper in the loggia under some boards. He went down town.

Michele had no idea what or where Pasquino was, he went to find out. At Constantine's Arch there was a homeless man wrapped in a gray dirty almost black sheets. Michele bent down, looked around. He smelled of old cheese, the sheet was marinated in odors from the fish stalls next to the gladiatorial arena. Michele asked the man if he had heard of Pasquino. The man laughed. He stopped quickly and asked for money.
Michele could not afford to pay him and walked on. He came to Via Ripetta where the torch avenue had been lit. Michele stopped when he saw a horde of people coming from the port of Rome down from the square with the obelisk. Everyone was going to the castle and the Nolan. They were dark in their eyes. Michele tried to make contact with several of them but they pushed him away. They joined the growing crowd outside the citadel and the bridge over the Tiber. No one answered his question.
32

Rome
Year 1599

Michele would never get an answer, in silence they went down to the citadel. He stood with his question up at Piazza del Popolo, while the crowd outside the citadel just grew.

The crowd outside Castel Sant'Angelo was becoming cumbersome great Bellarmine thought. He thought that maybe he should have listened to the advice he received, that he should put the Nolan in a cave outside of town, but he wanted the security that the Vatican offered. He stood in a chamber in the citadel and looked out across the bridge over the Tiber and the crowd below.
An odor filled the air. Bellarmine thought it stank of poor man´s food, spoiled cabbage and rotten wheat. He hated the smell and he would have liked to follow the Pope who fled the city when it began to warm in early summer and go out to the rural villas.
It was a common smell in Rome, especially on such a day as it was on this day, one of the hottest days of early summer. Dark storm clouds were close to the city's towers and the churches rooftop crosses. The heat pushed out the smell of poor man's food, and the stench of plague fire from the alleys until it was like a wet blanket over the whole city.

Bellarmine turned his back to the crowd and walked towards the Nolan´s cell. He met the secretary recording clerk outside the gate next to the cell. When they would go in the man refused to go with him but insisted that he easily could take notes of the hearing outside the door, also with the door closed. He could hear the prisoner and the General Inquisitor through the grated window, he assured emphatically as if his life depended on it. He had no means of actually being in the cell or having the prisoner in his line of eyesight. Boldly enough, he pulled up a chair before Bellarmine had time to say anything and sat down.
Bellarmine pondered the man with a gentle disdain.
”What do you think will happen, Alessandro, that he'll turn into a dragon and breathe fire?”
Bellarmine smiled his famous wolf grin. He wondered if it only was him that wasn´t afraid of the Nolan in Rome, although it tickled a bit in the stomach as he stood outside the door.
The secretary recording clerk did not respond, he pulled out a small table and put his quill and roll on top.
The General Inquisitor muttered something inaudible to the notary who still turned a deaf ear. Bellarmine tore up the keys from his belt and turned the lock in the door.

The prisoner sat on his knees in the cell, pinioned by two chains that were stuck in the wall. He rocked back and forth. The notary glanced into the slot that Bellarmine left but as soon as he saw the Nolan he turned his eyes.
Bellarmine walked with a straight spine towards the Nolan. The time for games and public hearings were over. He stood a few paces from the prisoner and towered over him like a giant over an ant, which he thought would scare the prisoner, just as it did with former prisoners.

The Nolan hissed something, like a snake that winds in the grass. Bellarmine noticed he unwittingly flinched. He thought that his body was not as strong as his mind. But it was still there the real battle was fought. He had the conviction, he was the soul warrior, equipped with God's mighty arsenal.
The Nolan sounded again and Bellarmine held back the body, pressed it in the Nolan´s direction as a shield lift against the enemy´s poison arrows.
Before he had time to grunt again Bellarmine said.
”Where is Thoth´s Brotherhood?”
The Nolan tossed and hissed the same thing as before, this time somewhat clearer.
”What do you say?”
The Nolan didn´t listen to him.
”Where is Thoth´s Brotherhood?” said Bellarmine and tried to put lead in the words.
For the first time Bellarmine heard a syllable from the Nolan´s hissing.
”... No”
”Say it again!” exclaimed the Inquisitor.
”Pasquino”, said the Nolan and looked up at Bellarmine with his black eyes.

Bellarmine went to the back of the cell, and uttered a little cry for God when he saw that the Nolan had missing whites of the eye. His eyes were black as the devil´s gap and empty as the abyss, like the paintings he had seen painted by crazy prisoners who swore that they had met the devil.

He had never in his life seen such a frightful beast and it calmed him not a bit that he was not alone about it. For a second a horrible thought took him in possession, the poor animals outside the citadel was right and the stories about the Nolan were true.
The Nolan possessed the black art of the Theatre.
He went out of the cell and locked the door. He instructed the notary to command five guards from the Swiss Guards on his orders to keep an eye on Pasquino.
When Alessandro ran off Bellarmine turned toward the cell. The Nolan still sat and rocked. He rubbed the chains against each other. It scratched in the head of the Inquisitor.

33

Südbahnhof, Vienna
June 15 

August had bought tickets to a first-class compartment which they would have to share with other passengers on the road south to Florence. From the Renaissance city, they would take a taxi the last sixty kilometers because of slow trains and buses to Siena.

Ludwig sat on needles before the departure, it did not help that they were alone in the compartment. The situation reminded him too much of his trip from Copenhagen to Riegersburg. He looked anxiously out of the train window.
Impatiently, he went out of the cabin and stood in the door and looked out over the long platform to the terminal. Some near the terminal ran to catch the train.
No cops in sight. The Crime Night appeared and disappeared. He saw the night club trash, the drunken night´s whores, heard the echo of the shots he fired. To some extent, he did not recognize himself, to some extent, it was someone else who held the gun. A little devil in him. His Mr. Hyde.

Finally the stationmaster whistled in his pipe. The train moved. When the train had rolled for a few minutes Ludwig picked up the computer and linked up with the train's wireless network. The strength was good and the speed was fast on the train.
He surfed in on some Swedish websites to see what had happened to the Swedish police hunt for him. There was nothing new. He thought that they probably thought he was in Sweden still.
August sat himself next to Ludwig to watch the news. He asked Ludwig to enter the European CNN. They clicked a video of BREAKING NEWS.
CNN's vignette came in the picture. Ludwig turned up the sound. The anchor came in the picture. In the studio was a young brunette, American-Syrian.

Good evening. I´m Hala Gorani.

Photos from the Kunsthistorisches Museum were shown to the tune of some dramatic strings and drums.
The news anchor drove voice-over when images from the museum was in the picture.

Headline - Another robbery at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna. 

Hala Gorani:
The piece that was stolen was the world famous Sapphire box of Edfu. Several attemps has been made to acquire this piece over the last years and it was not long ago that the museum was robbed of its Saliera by Cellini.

The Sapphire Box of Edfu is a one of a kind-piece with its delicate decor and long history. The box, orginally from Egypt, is over 2 000 years old. Its value is undetermined but experts at Sotheby´s and Christie´s state to CNN that on the open market its value would easily reach over 500 million EURO which is more than fifteen times as much as the Saliera. They say it is ”The Mona Lisa of arts and crafts”.

The police are now seeking this man.

A photo of a dark-haired man came into the picture.

His name is Karl Feigl. He´s an Austrian citizen, 45 years of age and surprisingly a clergyman. If you have any information, please contact the police at this hot line number.
800 – 1222 - 566

”Poor Karl”, said August.
August leaned back and asked.
”Where did you learn to do that?”
Ludwig hesitated for a second, but since August already knew his story, it didn´t matter anyway, even if he didn´t know the whole story.
”I learned that from a guy I worked together with in the carpentry shop at Hall. It is very simple to fake a fingerprint, if you really want to. Many believe that you have to cut off a finger or something like that but the only thing you really need is a sample, take pictures of it, fix it up a bit in Photoshop, print on transparency paper, run it with a little glue. Cut. Etch. Make a dummy. Rub in the palm of your hand for a little fat and you're done. Just search Google and you will find how many guides anywhere.”
They looked at the news cast again. CNN made ​​it real. Law-abiding as they almost always had been. They saw themselves as a man who looks at his fist after he hit someone in a fit of rage.
When Ludwig was thinking of the theft he became angry but he said nothing. A few years ago, he was a model citizen. His life had taken an unexpected turn. Thanks to August had he committed his second serious crime.
August stood up. Drew the curtains to the corridor.

They tried to calm down but it was hard. The tension made them sit in silence, exhausted. They took the time to breathe a bit.
They sat in silence for a long time. August picked up the Four-Leaf Clover and looked in his notebook at the code that belonged to the Four-Leaf Clover´s first chamber. He put back the Sapphire Box in the velvet pouch and leaned back and closed his eyes.
Ludwig kept one hand on the box, he felt on the sapphires and the malachite-stones through the bag. By the way, the Bear and the Rat was tricked on the price when they sold the Sapphire Box but that's another story.

After a while, August fell asleep. The Train trot had always had a soporific effect on him.

Ludwig looked out over the Alps. The train balanced on narrow bridges and passes, went through tunnels in the high mountains. Ludwig looked at the plains surrounding villages that spread out in the valleys below the mountains. In the corner of his eye he saw August's notebook. He thought of Victoria's diary notes. She had written about the signs on the obelisks. The human head and the ox-head. Capita et bos. If the notes were about the hieroglyphics on the obelisks, it was possible that it was the three obelisks, Lateranense, Matteiano, Flaminio, she wrote about. Three signs. One for each obelisk. But she had only mentioned two. Ludwig wondered if it meant that the three symbols were actually two, one of which was repeated on one of the obelisks. He tried to see them in front of him but he had no idea of ​​the stones.

*

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 15

The calm soon returned to Ludwig and August, at least for a while. Unlike them, Alexander was up to speed. The adrenaline was flowing. He was a straight six, a direct injection turbo diesel. He incited the stars and gave orders.
”Julian. Call the airport. Request passenger lists. Ask them to keel-haul Feigl´s name through the lists on the previous day and the next day.”
”Tobias. Contact all car rental companies you can find. Check the registration office if he has a car regged.”
”And let's go!”
Somewhat friendlier he asked Max about running another track of his electronic footprints. Credit Cards. Phone. IP numbers if he had access.
He also asked him to call the House to see if any of the descriptions on the fake guards of the City Hall Offices matched Karl Feigl, or on the length of the two persons who were on the video feed from the theft.
He himself called Nora Smith to hear how it went with the wanted warrant. If she had heard from any police department from any other European country.
The warrant was issued and she had not. He didn´t think so.
After Nora, he called a uniform on Krugerstrasse. Asked if they had found some maps, itineraries, small notes, anything that could give a clue as to where he was going.

*

Ludwig leaned his head against the window. It was cold. The train jumped up and down. The head banged against the glass. The tension released and he felt tired.
Stockholm´s cold yoke rested on his shoulders. The theft of the Sapphire Box laid stone to burden but despite that, he tried to breathe, to convince himself that he couldn´t do anything about it. He was able to relax finally. He reminded himself that the police were after Karl Feigl and that Sweden was even further away.

In the borderland between waking and sleep, he heard Bo Kasper´s One & Zero. A humming Bo Kasper. A twenty-second clip that was played over and over again. He thought it sounded like a broken vinyl record in a 50´s-lounge with string shelves and teak furniture, he recognized the whole scene. And in a way I'm glad for that.
Behind his eyelids photographs flashed of the park the White Mountains in Stockholm, Antigone at the Oberon Theatre, the Sofia Church, the Culture houses and Hasse and Tage2.
All images were of Ella. She smiled. They held hands as they walked down a street on Södermalm.
Her blond hair was in crooked bangs.
The clear blue eyes looked up.
The images fluttered between consciousness and dream, like a camera lens that was set at the surface in a rippling pool. The pictures took hold, settled, joined together in a movie.

Almost every Saturday, in the winter anyway, they went for a walk on Södermalm. This Saturday was no different. The cold day in late January.
They put on their respective fur hat. Ludwig had his old grand-father´s. It was a brown, big thing from Siberia. Ella had a white, newly purchased from Lindex. They walked out of the apartment on Östgötagatan 32 and entered Åsögatan.
There was snow on the street corners, shuffled up by tractors. They went up to the White Mountains. They walked around the park and back, and then check out the shanties at Ersta and Ploggatan.
When they came home they always cooked tomato sauce. Also this Saturday. It got dark early. They lit candles. The fur caps were in a red chair from IKEA. The laptop's fan hummed in the kitchen. Ella turned on the radio. They wanted the radio. No moving pictures. Nothing distracting. Just candles and speech. Silence and tomato sauce.
They spread a blanket on the floor. They had a picnic on Södermalm, in the middle of winter. The radio show The Philosophical room on P1 started. Bo Kasper´s Orchestra flowed into the room. They listened with half an ear, sat with their hands to their chins and mimicked the philosophers. Ludwig said with a mimicked grandfatherly voice.
”Yes, I would agree with Alfred North Whitehead, as he summarily said, that all philosophy is merely a series of footnotes to Plato's works ...”
Just for the evening Ludwig wanted to go out. He was tired, unwilling to socialize with any other than Ella. Actually, he was tired of some of Ella's friends, who he thought was annoying. Petter, Ida and Moa who read some obscure humanist course at the university. They were all too often in long cardigans, slurped their tea in a second or third hand rented apartment on Södermalm. Discussed, rather agreed with each other, about the Iraq war and George W. Bush. Quoted, Noam Chomsky, John Pilger, Robert Fisk. Once they left home they were at screenings of the Palestine group or saw bands play at Debaser at Slussen. All were vegans. Stud skinny and queer.
Ella was like them in their opinions, but she was different, thought at least Ludwig. He didn´t think it was only that it was her he loved. There was something else behind it. A sense of tolerance.
The ability to understand that behind that facade of politics was always a human being. Love, hate, dishwasher, singstar, art and drinking songs. She had never endorsed the left´s struggle device of the exclusion of the upper class. That aggressive, that hateful run against other people that seemed to say ”Fire up those bastards, put them in the pillory, spit on them.” It was not Ella, that she was also picked on a bit for but she didn´t take much of it to heart.
Ella agreed to not go to the pub, and suggested that they go to the Cinematheque. It was Kubrick theme. Dr. Strangelove shoed at nine o´clock.

They laid intertwined on the couch for a few hours and listened to the radio. Ella jumped into the shower. When she was finished, they pulled off to the subway.
Ella poked Ludwig in his hair and smiled at a fellow passenger. It was a blind guy with a dog. She said.
”What a beautiful dog. What's his name?”
They talked for a little while. The blind man smiled at Ella when he got off at the Old Town station.
After a while they discovered something you rarely saw in the subway. In the corner near the door a woman sat crying. She tried to hide it by holding a napkin in front of her face but it was easy to hear her sobbing.
Sometimes it was someone who smiled on the subway, for the most part all sat and looked straight ahead and seemed to wonder if it would be like this the rest of their lives. On weekends, everyone was mostly drunk around midnight onwards. Now and then you could bump into someone who laughed. But you almost never saw anyone crying.
Ella took up a promotional poster that littered the floor. She pointed low on the crying woman who tried to hide her sobs in her hand. A tear ran down her knuckles.
”Ludde3, I have a theory. Do you want to hear?” She said cheerfully.
Ludwig nodded. Ella often had theories. They were more or less elaborate but always charming.
She showed off a poster from a company that sold microloans with sky-high interest rates. She whispered.
”Ok, this is how it goes. That girl crying in the corner over there. If we say that she has lost someone, like her husband in a plane crash, so now she will repay the love for him in the form of grief. As with interest on that borrowed money. You really have fun with them, they last until the end ... and the more money you have borrowed, the more you loved, you have to pay back.”
”Huh, Ella, what are you talking about?”
”Yes, but listen.”
She turned to Ludwig. Staring into his eyes and smiled. She said nothing for a few seconds. Ludwig saw how her eyes teared up.
”What is it, Ella?”
He stroked her cheek and laughed affectionately at her.
”I love you so fucking much, Ludde, that sometimes I get so stressed out that there is so much love laying around in our home because it doesn´t get to be used. And if you would die, Ludde, and that you will not do, my love, my joy love, will turn into mourning and because I loved you so much, invested so much, I would probably have to repay with my life. Others who love less mourn a few months, but the rest of us who loved much more get broken heart and die, you know?”
”Wait a minute, you mean that love is something you borrow?”
Ella did one of her mind grimaces. Said.
”In a way, It´s a loan in the sense that if you genuinely love what you borrow and lose it you have to pay but if you love but then get tired of it, you do not pay anything.”
”Sounds like a bad business idea ...”
”But you´re not”, said Ella and kissed Ludwig tenderly.
Then she laughed.
”Shit, what sleazy come back.”
She aaauuumed and spoke with a deep, sensual voice.
”But you´re not ... come here ...!”

They walked out of the subway at Karlaplan and walked down the snowy roads to Filmhuset where it lay desolate in the January evening. The lone cashier looked uninspired behind the counter at the Film House. They solved the ticket to Dr. Strangelove and sat down in the orange seats.
They looked at the people. It was always the same audience. A little further away, there was she who always had a Salomon bag, and the fifties girl, born in 1988, and the old man who always laughed in the wrong place.
They went inside. Said thank you to the ticket tearer. Sat on top of the saloon Victor under the projector where they used to sit. The classic dim gong sounded as usual before the film started. Ella leaned over to Ludwig and smiled. She kissed him on the cheek and whispered in his ear, the one thing she always said before a movie:
”Magic is about to happen.”

Ludwig woke up with a jerk. He tried to forget what he had dreamed. The computer was in standby mode, he started it but it was bad batteries. It died after a few minutes.
He drummed his fingers on the table, did not dare to take up the Four-Leaf Clover. He didn´t have the energy to read anything. The White Mountains, Dr. Strangelove and the tomato sauce pressed on.
To break with the past, he focused all his energy on thinking about that original truth August talked about.
”August, wake up.”
Ludwig struck him across his legs to get his attention.
”What is it?” wondered one drowsy August.
”How is it that it has been so difficult to find out what the original truth is from the old country and Thoth?”
The salon Victor on Filmhuset faded. The black leather armchairs grizzled.
”Ludwig”, August sat up, not without trouble. ”There's no manual on this handicraft. We're talking about one original truth, one over all others.”
”What do you mean, an original truth. About what, exactly?”
”The secret of the Creation”, said August and yawned. He shook his head to wake up, looked out the window and tried to understand where they were. He continued.
”But of course it is hard to explain because no one knows it. However, I can say a lot about the things surrounding the original truth that proofs that Thoth´s book and the Theatre exists and why the book contains the original truth. As you have seen in Victoria's chambers.”

*

Luca called Matteo who was still in Vienna, together with Marco and Juan.
”How's it going?” asked Matteo.
It crackled in the handset. Luca dropped his coverage. Seconds later he was back. Matteo could hear that he was on a train. The wheels hit the tracks. It creaked occasionally.
”It´s going well. I have them here.”
”Do you know if they have the Four-Leaf Clover?”
”No, I have not had the opportunity to verify that just yet.”
Matteo was silent. Luca was waiting for a response.
”Luca. Be very, very careful. First, Juan could be wrong. Secondly. It is not at all certain that they have the Four-Leaf Clover with them. They might as well have given it to someone if they have control over it at all. We do not want to scare them so they do something stupid or become aware that we are watching them. It may be more people involved than the old and the young. Got it?”
”Yes, Matteo.”
”Good. See if there is any way to access their bags or anything else that they may be carrying the Sapphire Box in. I will prepare for departure from here.”
Luca hung up. Put down the phone. Took up a newspaper. Straighted his clothes. He turned and went towards the first-class train compartments.
[ Chapter 34 is missing ]

35

Rome
Year 1599

Michele did eventually give up the day he searched for Pasquino. But his search was far from over. He was, however, becoming more and more afraid of bumping into Sciarra and what would happen if he did.
Dusk was falling and the streets were in the dark, Michele stayed away. He crouched at the entrance to the poor man’s house at the Palatine. He glanced at the few people who were in movement.
A man drove a cart with fish remains from the Coliseum down towards the Tiber, lanterns inside the houses shone through the slats of the shutters that threw small streaks of light down on the piazza in front of the poorhouse.
None of Sciarras men were nearby. Michele went inside.

On his gurney was a dispatch from his father. The family that he shared the room with sat and shared a piece of bread and a small bowl of flax seed. His mother sat with a mortar and crushed flaxseed and poured crumbs in the hands of children. The ribs sticking out of their stomachs. The youngest boy threw his hand with flaxseed in the eyes of his older brother who pinched him when the parents weren´t looking. He received a resounding slap in the face of the mother, the father threw the other one in the corner next to the bed.
Michele lit a candle and held the letter up to the light.
His father asserted that he felt fine. The neighborhood boy cooked a rich cabbage soup and the porridge was thick and delicious for breakfast. He felt stronger every day. He shouldn´t be worried about his old father. Michele had written a few lines about the Theatre to Fermo which the father responded to. His tone changed when he asked Michele to abandon such nonsense.

My boy, do not listen to such nonsense. It's only consolation for the bad times, a story and nothing else, remember that. You are going to support yourself with your skills.



In the margin the neighbor boy had, as usual, posted what state his father were in. The neighbor boy had seen Lucia die of the plague. He announced now that the black wires had wrapped itself around all of Fermo´s fingers. He wrote that it looked like he had dipped the fingertips in tar. He was nearly as far along as Lucia was next to her last days.

Michele did not listen to his father's words about the Theatre, although he somewhere felt that perhaps he should. But Michele persuaded himself that his father was ill, with one foot in the grave and therefore did not know what he was talking about. He did not know what would be his salvation. He knew also knew nothing about Sciarra.
The youngest son took the last flaxseed and pressed into the face of his brother. His brother pushed him so that he almost flew through the room, light as he was, and fell against Michele's arm. Michele sent him back with a friendly pat on the back. He felt for his arm. He looked under the dressing. He was still bleeding after he was stung by Sciarra´s men.

He went out on the piazza and into the dark alleys. He went on the back roads up to Constantine's terms. In the darkness he slipped on horse manure and vegetables that lay on the streets in piles against the walls. He went to his barber Antonio who first placed the band over the wound.

It felt like he broke his back. The barber Antonio had put his thick arm across the chest of Michele. He was a heavy Calabrian with a peculiar accent. It was not always Michele understood him.
Michele sat in a chair. Antonio pulled him back and held back. A small pool of blood had collected on the floor.
The barbers were cheaper up at Constantine's terms, despite all the cardinals who visited the Lateran Palace and the newly built Quirinale Palace.
In the district numerous dogs ran around, despite the cardinals attempts to get rid of them. Antonio laughed at them. He left Michele and went to the fountain with a bucket. Scooped up water and put down to the dogs. Scratched them under the chin.
Antonio put a bandage over the wound which he said was not healing particularly well. Antonio rolled up Michele´s pants. In his hand he held a cup. He made an incision. Let the blood pump out to a measuring cup at his feet. Antonio squeezed gently on Michele. When they were finished, he asked Michele, who could barely stand, dizzy from having lost a lot of blood.
”You, my friend, have you also seen him?”
”Who”, asked Michele tired. He sat down again.
”He. Who else. The  Nolan.”
”How will I be able to see him. He sits in the citadel.”
Antonio gave up his grin and leaned forward.
”He walks here during the nights. The dogs, you know, outside. That's why they want them. Carpedinares. The dogs bark at the Nolan.”
”The dogs bark at the Nolan?”
”You understand. He has the power, he has taken in that Theatre. If you ask me. You should know. He, Bellafino, stupid man. Cannot compete with him.”
”What do you know about Thoth´s Brotherhood?” asked Michele gently.
The dogs barked outside, the water was over. Some cardinals walked past. They wrapped his cloak over his mouth. Antonio whispered.
”My friend, I do not know much. You should not talk about it. Bellafino kill you.”
”I'm not afraid of him.”
Antonio raised a finger.
”But he is not afraid of you either, my friend.”
Antonio crouched down in front of Michele's chair. Kept him on the kneecaps.
”Look at the obelisks. The rumor here, cardinals talking. You know, the ones that are here with me. They say. Pope Sixtus raised the obelisks because he thought they showed the path to the Theatre. They thought they knew, the obelisks were from the old country. That's what it says here.”
”Antonio”, Michele leaned forward as if to tell you a big secret. ”Are you familiar with something called Pasquino?”
Antonio chuckled.
”Oh no, my lord. Not then.”
Michele saw that he knew something.
”Antonio, please. It is life or death.”
”It always is, my friend.”
Michele used his last strength to pull him hard in the arm.
”Antonio, I beg you.”
The great Calabrian had a heart as big as his body. He could not resist Michele's wishes.
”I advise you, my friend. Very strange things have been happening around the Pasquino. People have disappeared. Just the other day, my guest Isabella from Liguria, her mother went through to the Pasquino and did not return. We have not seen her since! It is said that Thoth´s Brotherhood monitor it and Bellafino have his men there and catch everyone who goes there. I advise you.”
”But what is it, Antonio?”
”Pasquino is a statue away from the Piazza Navona, walk through the streets to the south, down towards Piazza Navona´s eastern corner of Via Giulia. You cannot miss it.”

Michele got a stick from Antonio. He pushed himself out on the street, shoved away a dog that came and sniffed. He was full of anticipation and at the same time he was very scared.
A man with an empty truck came down the hill. He had just left wine to some taverns. Michele was allowed to jump up. The man drove him to the Piazza del Popolo. When he dropped out, he felt better already and could throw the stick.

It was desolate at the Pasquino statue. Although it was almost in the middle of Rome no people moved there. It must have been a quite amusing sight, just a stone's throw away the taverns were filled, people went long detours around Pasquino, as if the piazza where the statue stood was a large hole that had to be avoided.
Michele crept toward the little piazza statue was on. He put out his lantern and slipped into the darkness towards the statue. He hid behind the pedestal it sat on.
Looked up around the sides of the streets around it.
They were deserted.

The houses that were around the piazza were vacated. Shutters were removed. Large holes in the facades gaped into even bigger voids in the deserted houses.
He lit the lamp again and brought it to the statue. It depicted a man in a toga with no arms who sat on the pedestal. The head was tilted to the right and the face was stripped away. It looked as if someone had ripped it away.
Behind the statue, he discovered one caduceus which was painted directly on the wall. He turned off the lamp and snuggled against the caduceus. He listened if anyone came but the piazza and the streets were quiet.
The darkness was enveloping, his eyes had get used to it. He had to light the lamp again.

Under the caduceus hung a note. There was nothing on it. He took it down and looked at the back but it was also empty. When he turned it, he felt a gust of honey coming from the note.
The scent took him back to Peterzano´s studio where he was taught. One of the apprentices had written a note with honey. A maple writing.4
Michele was excited and did not bother to get from the piazza. He took out the light from the lantern and held it gently behind the linen paper. He leaned against Pasquino´s pedestal and looked low the light shone through the paper.
After a while, a burned sentence appeared in one corner of the paper. Michele sat up. Eyes widened. Forgot about the world around him.
He brought the light slowly along the paper and like the moon lagging the tides behind shone the light up a maple writing as a tail behind the flame.
When he read the scripture he heard rapid footsteps behind him. He turned and saw five guards running towards him. He felt it burn in his hand. He saw the light and the paper that was burning in his hands.
The fire ate the maple writing.
It was no use fighting the men.

The men took him to the notorious prison Tor di Nona near Ponte Sant'Angelo on the other side of the water from the citadel where the Nolan was.
Michele was brought to one of the medieval dark prison´s cells. No one told him what he was accused of or when he could get out. The small glimmer of light Michele saw was from the glade on the door to the prison guard's room where he sat at a table in front of a log and cut a knife.
Michele called for the prison guard but the guard ignored him.
A few hours later, Michele dropped to the floor. The moisture from the stone floor pushed up through his pants but he did not care. There was no bunk, no chair, no table. He could not stand.
He was lying in a fetal position and repeated the message from the maple writing from behind Pasquino. Since he was thrown in the Tor di Nona he assumed that what he had seen was a big secret and he did everything to remember.

After midnight Michele heard a door opened, two men entered. The clouds in the sky had scattered and the moon light rippled through the cavities in the medieval tower. Michele sat down at the grate and looked through the glade into the prison guard's room. He only saw the backs of the men. One was obviously the servant and the other his master. The servant exclaimed at the half-asleep guard.
”Stand up for the Cardinal!”
The guard looked out from behind the half-closed eyelids. When he saw the men he flew up instantly from his chair. He who was called the cardinal spoke soft and low. Michele could not hear his words. The guard was leaning forward in shame and nodded occasionally. The men left the room.
The guard took his bunch of keys and opened the door to the cells of the tower where Michele sat. He went to Michele's cell. As he unlocked the cell, he said.
”You seem to have friends in high places.”
Michele looked puzzled at him. Michele did not have time to think about it but did not want to forget the maple writing.

He rushed out from Tor di Nona, he had never run as fast as he ran now, and that was something he did right, otherwise he had soon forgot the message and Ludwig's fate had become quite another.
Michele ran into Piazza San Luigi dei Francesi. He did not bother to look after Sciarra but ran directly into the candle making store. He bought linen paper and borrowed a quill pen from the store owner. He put up the linen paper on his bench. He held one hand concealing what he wrote, while he wrote down the maple writing.

Stand in the shadow of St Paul on Inferno´s first day.
* I-CXVIII-VIII-XXVIII *
Thoth Fraternitatis
36

Train on the way to Florence
June 15

Ludwig didn´t seem to get it together concerning the original truth. However, it made his thoughts on the White Mountains and Filmhuset to disappear completely. He asked.
”But how can it be that the Egyptian heritage, what you said about Thoth and Moses and all that, is so suppressed? If that is so, why has hasn´t more people realized it?”
Ludwig was skeptical of all the old truths that he thought swirled around in the tabloid columns and all the millions of pallets of books sold each year, which parasitized on the human hope to understand the world.
Ludwig, as I knew him, was an idealist above all else. He had extreme difficulty dealing with people who were dishonest. Although he knew that reality was what it was, he could put much energy into arguing with those he thought was dishonest. I think that was why he couldn’t´ stand charlatans, because they more or less knew they cheated people, people who left their hopes in their hands. I remember once when we were and called5

Before August could answer Ludwig continued. He understood that he could not free himself from his captivity, but he could fight in the cage. He spoke quickly and showed no respect for August's beliefs.
”All this dung, even if it is not fully translatable into this, it's the same old song which it has been through the centuries. Something must constantly be divine. The Divine Man. Four elements. Holistic approach, boil some heather so you sleep better. Well, make tea on rowan berries and you'll be less stressed. It's just junk everything, dowsing, curry-check, Muhammad, Buddha, Astrology, Jesus. Common to all this hocus pocus is that if you expose the centuries-old traditions to one ounce of critical scrutiny they all fall apart like a house of cards.”
August was about to break in but for once he didn´t succeed.
When Ludwig began to speak the words just flowed, he could not hold them back, they had been trapped for too long.
”But I agree. It is easy to be seduced. Easy to start believing and hoping to bestow peace to this uncertainty and turmoil that is based in mortal dread. The fact that it's so incredible to be human, a small dot without meaning in an infinitely expanding universe, in a solar system with eight planets and one star who is one of 100 billion stars in the Milky Way galaxy, which is only a measly galaxy among 170 billion galaxies in the visible universe. Just because you can´t understand the magnitude of such a galactic year, the time it takes for the sun to go once around the Milky Way, 226 million years, or take in what all this space is and the fact that we hear no shouts back from the black blanket over us does not mean we have to raise everything up to divinity. But yes, a divine truth is easier to understand than reality. Religion's ability to comfort doesn´t make it true. No matter how beautiful the Lily of the Valley is, it´s still toxic.”
August looked surprised at Ludwig.
”I didn´t know you felt so strongly, Ludwig. But if you´re done with your speech, then I can explain.”
Ludwig knew he committed too much, he regretted that he didn´t hold back. He nodded.
”In the way you´re speaking now once upon a time bitter scientists spoke in the same way when they didn´t understand the Newtonian mechanics. They called it hocus pocus. I have met several living scientists who are still bitter, but the object of their resentment is no longer the mechanics, it is super string theory and the Higgs mechanism.
The original truth is what we are all struggling to get ahold of, and the formulas that allow us to open the dimensions that are locked for us primitive beings today. Just as happened before in history.
It's just that Thoth´s truth is a much bigger jump in understanding, I would say more than Newtonian mechanics and Einstein's theory of relativity. But we should be aware that this jump is extremely dangerous. It can destroy us.
Truths about the laws of the universe can be devastating. Einstein's simple, ingenious formula E = mc2 enabled a greater understanding of the universe, but it also revealed nature's inherent power to a certain limit and how to use it.
From his formula we derived an understanding of how celestial bodies behave and move but the formula also created the atomic bomb.
That will also happen with Thoth´s formula but the equivalent is a power up to 1000 times that. So if someone gets hold of Thoth´s formula that does not have good intentions, then we might be done for.”
August hanged off his jacket under the parcel shelf. He sat down and put his hand on the table by the window.
”Back to your question about why no one talks about the Egyptian heritage. Yes, it is a difficult question, I don´t know. Probably because there is no reason. Maybe people are not interested anymore, they have microwave ovens and fashion magazines to mind. And why, for example, should Christianity admit that they are based on an older religion? Then their own religion would by definition be worthless and false, because it distorted the old heritage.
I don´t know how it is nowadays but earlier the church worked very hard to make sure certain knowledge didn´t get out, that you may know. When Thoth´s Brotherhood wrote the Corpus they were constantly chased by the Church, in particular, by the General Inquisitor Bellarmine whose notebook you have read some in.
Now, although many do not know it, there is common knowledge that there was a great exchange between Christians and Egyptian. A fairly clear written evidence of this is, I guess you have not been in Luxor because you did not know of the Edfu Temple, but in the Luxor Temple and in the Karnak Temple, one can clearly see traces of the Christians.
If you ever visit the temples you will see that the roofs are burned with black coal. The first Christians lived in the sand caves, when the temples were in sand. They burned their pots down there and destroyed many images in the temples because they were afraid of them. The images of the gods were reportedly coming to life in the night, in the shadows of the fires. They tried desperately to carve in their Christian symbols over the ancient ones. But eventually they grew together with their own religion. They recognized the images, understood that the Egyptian one were older. The Last Judgment, The Creation, and so on.
For a long time the Church tried to hide that these temples existed at all, although it is difficult because Karnak is the largest temple area in the world. But they still managed for quite a long time. Ptolemy was the last of antiquity, he lived shortly after Jesus, who mentioned these temples and placed them in the right place. It was not until the late 1600s when Johann Michael Vansleb located the temples right on the map again. For about 1500 years, there was total silent on this.”
The train went into a tunnel. The cabin was dark because August and Ludwig have not yet switched on some lights. A ray of light shone in from the hallway.
After a moment the door opened and light flooded in. A man sat in the seat closest to the door in the six seated compartment. He read the Financial Times that was big enough to hide both his face and torso.

*

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 15 

Alexander looked at Julian and Tobias with contempt. They sat and played cards and drank coffee. He thought they were like two brats who were waiting for the break.
Wagner was sitting with Max. He drove a map program and Google Maps simultaneously. Investigated were Feigl could have gone. Was trying to settle into his skull. They assumed he was driving.
Unfortunately, Austria's geographical position on the continent was criminals' wet dream, combined with the EU's free movement. Alexander rubbed his hands on his face. He wished he had more resources to juggle.
He thought through several different scenarios.
Feigl had a lead of around 20 hours, in fact his lead was much greater but that Alex didn´t know. He was blindly obliged to keep working on the thesis he currently had.
Alexander thought about which routes he could´ve taken, if Feigl went north, he could have been in Stockholm now. West, Dublin. Southwest, Madrid, South, Palermo, Southeast, Athens. Not to mention all the towns in between. That was a big fucking freedom he sat on according to Wagner. They only knew that he had not used any credit cards, he had not even taking out money from an ATM for over a month. Wagner concluded that he must have planned the theft for a while.
Alexander sent home the stars. Max shut down the computers. Went to buy a sausage. Came back with a soda to Wagner. Started up again. Said he'd work a few hours to get a clear picture of the events at the museum. Said with care.
”Alex, go to Felix. I will still be here. I'll call as soon as I hear anything. We hope that the hotline number delivers.”
Alexander bit his lip. Took a sip. Max was right. There was no idea of waiting around at the central.
He burned off to the hospital. Messed Lisa in the car. Told about where he was and where he was going.

Alexander thought about how quiet the hallways were in the hospital, almost uncomfortably quiet. As he walked out of the elevator, he saw a nurse pushing a cart in front of her with empty medicine cups, no one else was in sight.
Felix had his own room. He sat with him for a few hours with his little hand in his. It looked like as if Felix was just sleeping.
He went home a few hours after midnight. He lay down on the bed and kissed Lisa on the shoulder, the neck, on the cheek. She rolled away and pulled the blanket for himself.
Alexander stared at the ceiling.

*

August cleared his throat and continued.
”But on the other hand. It is perhaps most likely because the language was not known for a very long time.”
Ludwig raised his eyebrows.
”The language?”
”Yes, Ludwig, the Egyptian language that was deciphered when they found the Rosetta stone that you may have heard of.”
Ludwig knew. He had even seen it in the entrance hall of the British Museum. It is hard to imagine how things would have been if it wasn´t for the Rosetta stone. French soldiers had found it in the late 1700s in Rosetta, Egypt. Although they did not understand it, there were tributes to Ptolemy III inscribed on the stone. The tributes were written in Demotic, Greek and hieroglyphics. The Frenchman Champollion broke the code at the beginning of the 1800s and a world of Egyptian texts written in hieroglyphics opened that had been hidden for thousands of years.
August took out his notebook.
”I'll show you a simple example, which is quite famous nowadays. Look at these pictures. What do you think is common to them all?”

Ludwig took the book. 
Ludwig studied the pictures and then said.
”Don´t really know but both Thoth and Horus have bird heads while Isis has a human head.”
August put his hands together and said calmly.
”But what do they have in common? See what all three has in their hands.”
Ludwig looked again. Saw to his surprise that all three had something that looked like a Christian cross in their hands. But instead of the top pin on the cross there was a loop.
”That's the Ankh-symbol, as you might have heard of”, said August, pointing to the god's hands. ”Remember that these images are several thousand years older than Jesus. This is the model of the Christian Cross. The loop that separates them also has a connection to Christians. It represents the female genitalia, and thus symbolizes life.”



The man with the Financial Times, looked out from behind his newspaper. He had a rat face that was as sharp as a stake in Transylvania, which suited him because he was a real rat.
He looked curiously at the bag that Ludwig had on the seat next to him. He leaned forward as if to examine it closer, but when Ludwig saw him, he hid behind the newspaper again.
”Do you understand now what I mean?” asked August.
Ludwig was somewhat distracted because of the rat. He nodded.
”Look here, I'll show you.”
August took out his wallet and took out some coins.
”I'm going to illustrate how clear it is that Jesus is based on Horus in the Egyptian Creation family and to the Sun, as the Egyptian religion largely revolves around, it is also central in Christianity.”
August put up three coins in a row on the table by the window. Slightly further away he put another one and after some space he put one larger coin.
”Do you recognize this picture, Ludwig?”
Ludwig had no idea.
”This represents the sky on December 25. The day that Jesus was said to have been born, the same birthday as Horus in Egypt whose birth story is several thousand years older.”
August pointed to the three coins that were together.
”These three coins depict a constellation of Orion's belt, the next coin here depicts the Sirius Star and this large coin far away is the Sun.”
August drew a finger over the coins from Orion's belt to the Sun.
”This is what happens on December 25. The three coins in Orion's belt point to Sirius, which in turn points to the Sun. Around December 25 is the Winter Solstice, and it is the beginning of spring and salvation. That's when the days are getting longer.”
”What does that have to do with Jesus?”
”Because the birth of Jesus is a copy of this astro-theology course of events that goes back to the Egyptian story which is the original.”
”How so?”
”Do you know what the constellation with the three stars in Orion's belt is called?”
”No idea.”
”They are called the Three Kings.”
Ludwig began to understand.
”And what happens on December 25 is that the Three Kings settles in line with Sirius, also known as the Star of the East, which points to the Sun and the winter solstice. That is why we say that the three kings or the three wise men, follow the Star of the East to the Savior, that is the Sun. The Jesus birth is no more than a copy of this ancient process that lots of birth stories of gods throughout history have copied, for example the god Mithra who was worshiped in Persia 1200 BC. is also born 25 December, and Dionysus and Attis in Greek mythology. In fact, all these gods with Jesus share the same characteristics. They are all born December 25, virgin-born, crucified, dead for 3 days and resurrected. After all, think about the name of the day that you worship Jesus, it´s called SUNday.”
”But that just means that Horus is part of the same lie.”
”No, not at all. It's all based on Horus. He is the oldest of them all, the original. Then if he actually was a god, one can discuss. But he and also Thoth knew the Truth that Thoth recorded in his book in the Theatre. Therefore, they were considered in all cases as gods because of their power and then other religions have tried to copy their stories.”
  Ludwig didn´t respond.

Ludwig had for a while tried to imagine how the Theatre looked but did not come up with anything. The alpine passes leveled out into a flat land when the train had traveled well into Italy. It passed Bolzano and Trento. Rolling hills replaced the mountaintops. Goats ran frightened by train down the slopes. Finally Ludwig asked.
”Have you any idea how the Theatre looks like, is it large, is it like a stage at a normal theatre?”
He could not help but take an interest in the Theatre, despite the situation they were in.
”The first mistake one makes is probably to assume that it looks like a conventional Theatre with seating for audience, stage and curtain. I have of course not seen it but I understand it is up built around five walls filled with frescoes, five gates, with a central location in the middle where Thoth´s book is immersed in an altar in an unbreakable coffin.”
The rat Face with the Financial Times put down the newspaper. He folded it neatly and placed it on the seat between August and himself. He excused himself and walked out of the cabin.
He had a long black cloak covering the entire body from neck to toe. Under his arm he carried a red notebook with a cross on. His coat made his face look even more long. Ludwig saw something sticking up under the collar of his coat on his neck. It looked like a tattoo, something patchy red. There were a few streaks resembling the legs of a dog.

Ludwig looked out the window. They approached Florence.
He packed down the computer. To lighten the mood, he asked August jokingly if he brought any travel chess. He got the old man to smile.

*

”Matteo, it is Luca.”
Luca was standing next to the lock between two carriages. He clung to a handle that sat on the trailer door.
”Have you found them?”
”Yes.”
”Do they have the Four-Leaf Clover with them?”
”It's possible. They have a bag with them where it may is.”
”Good. Take the bag and make sure they do not follow. Meet me at the flower shop on the east side of Santa Maria Novella.”

*

Ludwig saw when the rat face came back into the cabin again. Luca took up the Financial Times from the seat next August. He flipped to an article that was about the Iacobi Investment Group and their increasing dominance in cloud services and their integration into the iOS and Android systems. He looked curiously at August.
”Forgive me, but are you Mr. August Iacobi?”
August had suffered being recognized many times before and he thought less about it every time it happened.
”That's right.”
”What's funny, I was just reading an article here about cloud services in computing, something I know very little about, and here you are, sitting next to me. What a coincidence. My name is Luca Frangipani and I'm the agent for Bugatti in southern Germany and Austria. It is a great honor to meet such a great business man.”
They shook hands.
”Tell me, cloud services, it's the future?”
August knew he would not get rid of him until they came to Florence. It was just as well to be polite.
”The future, yes, that´s the billion dollar question.”
While August was talking Luca reached his hand into his left coat pocket which was facing the door, and from August and Ludwig. He picked up a spring baton6 and held it discreetly at his side.
”As for storage, that will likely be increasingly moved into the clouds. We have realized that local clients are vulnerable, we see that not least from Google, which also invests in a cloud operating system.”
Luca bobbed his arm and coughed. The spring baton full length was out.
”I apologize. I have a really stubborn summer cold.”
”No problem.”
Luca put down the Financial Times in the seat again. Angled his arm so that the circular arm movement would meet August on the frontal bone. August continued.
”So we'll see, it will go in that direction anyway. How's Bugatti doing, I had one a lot of years ago but I sold it. I thought it was too ostentatious.”
Luca flexed his arm and lifted it slightly so it ended up in the right position.
He stared at August. He pressed his teeth together, and buckled cheekbones.
A beep and a vibration were heard from Luca´s inside pocket.
”It´s best to see what that is, don´t want to keep anyone waiting”, said August glad to get rid of the conversation.
Luca smiled and apologized again. It was Matteo who sent a text message.

Abort Luca. We cannot risk that they do not have the Four-Leaf Clover on them. We follow where they go.

Luca went off on the next station.
*

Kunsthistorisches Museum
Vienna

It was midnight. Loretta asked if Max wanted something to drink. They were left alone at the central outside Saal XIII. He shook his head. He had for the hundredth time gone through the security videos. Max was stuck on a sequence in which he tried to find out who the other person was, who helped Karl Feigl. They had so far only identified Karl Feigl by finger-print.
Loretta turned to ask one last time as she watched the scene Max looked on. She walked closer. Reluctantly, she stood behind Max.
She asked him to run it again. It was a CCTV feed and the resolution was not so good but Loretta could see. For her, it was very clear and it would have been clear for all who knew August.
”Is there anything special?” asked Max.
Loretta gathered herself. Shook her head. Went to a colleague's office. Started his computer.
The sequence showed when one of the thieves suddenly looked up at a camera under the hood of his caftan. It was very difficult to see anything at all, but if you knew the person it was easy.
Loretta went into mtnsms.com. She swore loudly and boiled with rage. She typed in a phone number and wrote a sms that would not be traceable to her.

Damn you! /L
37

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 16

Alexander Wagner was the first to arrive at the central in the morning. He had to Lisa's great annoyance slipped away before Julia woke up. He had gone to the hospital and sat with Felix for an hour and read a magazine. Had a hand on his arm.
He talked to the doctor and found out that it didn´t look good. Even though he woke from the coma now and again, three times in recent weeks. Even if Felix woke up, he would be completely stripped of his senses. Presumably, other brain damage also. Alexander nodded and swallowed. He had realized that a few months ago. The hope had since then dropped like a stone. Now he was completely certain. He would never get his son back.

It was calm in the central. He checked the messages from Nora Smith, if she had picked up something from the other EU countries police forces. She had not. Max had compared the descriptions of the fake guards at the City Hall Offices with Karl Feigl and the two thieves on the feed from Saal XIII, but they had not been consistent.
He stood in front of the bulletin board with all the names. Karl Feigl was not one of the guests.
”How did you get in, Karl Feigl”, he said quietly to himself.
He wondered if he might have worked with the guards, if they had let him in. But it did not tune in really. In every which way he though, Feigl was a ghost. He did not appear on any security video at all except for the theft itself.

In the small hours he had put Max to check through the videos after the man in the caftan. But even at the loading dock the figure had no appeared. All halls that led to the Saal XIII had cameras. They covered in virtually every angle albeit low resolution. The halls leading to the rooms that led to Saal XIII also had CCTV systems.
Alexander went through the halls, looking for possible ways to get in undetected. He couldn´t think of any way.
An hour later the phone rang from the police switchboard. An autopsy technician wanted to speak to Mr. Wagner. Alexander wondered what such a person wanted with him. He accepted the call.
”Hello, my name is Richard Steiner. I'm calling from Saint Joseph Krankenhaus.”
”How can I help you, Mr. Steiner?”
”Well, it is, rather like this, I can help you.”
”Really?”
Numerous were those who tried to tip the police. Most of them had no idea what they were talking about. They saw their chance to get into the news. Warm inside that their tip had led to something, even if it was astray. Wagner suspected that this was such a call.
”I saw on CNN last night and the images of that suspect Karl Feigl.”
”Yes, do you know where he is?” asked Alexander somewhat tired as he started up Max computers.
”Yes, I do.”
Wagner suddenly listened with some attention.
”Where?”
”He is next to me here.”
Alexander realized that the man was an autopsy technician.
”What do you mean ... Is he dead?”
”In the highest degree.”
It went fast, thought Wagner. He must have died in an accident on his way out. It had happened before and would happen again.
”I thought it was a bit strange so I checked up the personal number7 with one that I got hold of from the police. And it was the same man, the deceased's domicile was on Krugerstrasse.”
Alexander was skeptical.
”He died in a car accident or something like that?”
”No, it was a heart attack.”
”Really”, said Wagner surprised.
He thought about it. It could not be possible. They could not be so lucky.
”Richard Steiner was your name?”
”That's right.”
”Give me the number for St. Joseph Krankenhaus. I'm not in the mood to be fooled.”
They hung up. Alexander did a search of the number on the computer. It checked out, it went to the hospital. He rang up and got hold of Richard Steiner, who indeed worked there as an autopsy technician.

After a few minutes Alexander realized something. He got really annoyed because he had seen advancement in the investigation for a second, but now it was completely gone. He reluctantly asked the question. Somewhere, he knew that the answer was not what he wanted to hear.
”When did Mr. Feigl die?”
”I've had him with me for a few weeks.”
Wagner sank down on a chair and tried to hold back his anger.
Mr. Steiner continued.
”We are just waiting for a certain Mr. Iacobi to confirm the deceased's identity, that we have been uncertain of, but it´s just a formality, really. We just tagged him with numbers and an assumed name. Therefore, we have not yet issued a final death certificate. A mere formality but it was a little unfortunate, given your investigation.”
Alexander thanked Mr. Steiner.
He threw away the phone on one of the tables. Today's first order of business would be to inform the press that their main suspect had been dead for a few weeks. If there was anything that made Alexander real mad, it was being scammed.

*

The taxi turned onto a square on Via del Pian d'Ovile in Siena. August and Ludwig got out and stood up against the warm morning. The almost twelve hour trip felt in the legs.
The Siena Cathedral wasn´t going to open for another two hours. On the piazza in front of them three men sat exhausted on wooden chairs and smoked. A few tourists were in sight. The sign windows8 were over cluttered with souvenirs a few steps from Piazza del Campo.
On a side street, they found a small bar. The TV was on and showed a replay of a few years old match between Inter and Siena. A woman in a pantsuit was leaning over the counter with a bag over her shoulder. She drank coffee and chatted with the barista and another man who ate bread marinated in olive oil. August and Ludwig sat down at a table.
”Do you see anything you like, Ludwig?” August was talking behind his menu.
Ludwig shook his head. He was not hungry. The sandwich he had eaten when they were waiting for a taxi at the Santa Maria Novella train station was still satisfying.
”It's a bit early but I will order some antipasto and mineral waters.”
The sausages came in after a while. It was a white platter with prosciutto crudo, bresaola and Italian salami.
”This you´re going to like, Ludwig. Tuck into now. We must not deny us the food. We need the energy.”
Ludwig thought that August was trying to befriend him. He would not allow himself to be manipulated.
August looked at the clock. Ludwig didn´t touch the sausages. He looked at the August and said.
”August. I have thought of another thing. How is it that you have the Corpus Thoth Fraternitatis and the pamphlets?”
”We will discuss that another time Ludwig.”
August took a sip of mineral water and watched Inter. Ibrahimovic had the ball. He made a quick turnaround and held the ball, shutting out the defender.
After a while August changed his mind and figured it could not hurt if Ludwig found out a little more. The more he knew about the Brotherhood and the Theatre, the more help he would be.
”Ok, fair enough, Ludwig. Victoria's family owned the Ruotkerspurch for many generations before I bought it from them to help with their financial problems. When the coffin, that you have seen in Victoria´s chambers, was brought out of Rome it was taken there and have been there ever since.”
”But how is it that it was brought there?”
”Thoth´s Brotherhood arranged it.”
Ludwig thought about it and then said.
”Was anyone in Victoria's family a member of the Brotherhood?”
August hesitated but nevertheless considered that it was harmless.
”In fact, Victoria's grandfather's grandfather discovered the coffin and revived the Brotherhood in the mid-1800s after it went obsolete in the early 1600's as far as we know. Victoria was even herself a member of Thoth´s Brotherhood, they accept women now.”
”Huh? Are they still alive? ”
”Yes, very much. But there is no rebel activity directly, I can promise you”. August smiled. ”It's just quiet dinners every now and then with a mix of people. Thoth´s Brotherhood is not what it once was. The fact is that none of the current society has a clue where the Theatre is. It has been forgotten. It's mostly an excuse to get together and go to fancy dinners, I'm afraid. Some of the members pride themselves of being members of some sort of a secret society which has knowledge unavailable to the outside world but they´re just foolish in my book. A lot of research has been done through the years in the Corpus without much success. Yeah, I guess that Victoria has been the most successful since she found out where the Four-Leaf Clover was.”
”Are you a member?”
”No, because of my profession, I have never officially joined because I don´t want to invite the media to that party if it came up. It was enough that I was on a harmless Bilderberg group meeting a few years ago when a lot of conspiracy theories went off like wildfire through the media.”
Ludwig wondered if he should ask or not. He decided that he should.
”I have to ask, it's your belief that if you manage to find the Theatre, you will see Victoria again?”
August looked at him as if he was looking at a fool. Without trembling, he said.
”Without a doubt. You should know Ludwig, and I hear your skepticism that I'm starting to tire from, that I am one of the most successful businessmen of all time. There are not many who can match me and what I have built. To find men worthy of comparison you need to go and look at the graves after Kreuger, de Geer, JP Morgan, Rothschild in the 1800s, Boulton, Rockefeller, Sixtus IV, Crassus. And I say this not to brag, but because it is a fact. The truth is that these men and I have had a unique ability to read the world. But like many of them, I know my limitations. In the Theatre something exists beyond our limits, beyond the world we can read. Something that we with today's knowledge cannot explain and therefore dismisses as nonsense.”
Ludwig didn´t have the energy to argue. He was silent for a moment and then said.
”August, it's still not too late. You do realize that we will never have time or the ability to go through with this. There is no point that you continue to hold me hostage, or even try for yourself.”
”Ludwig, I'm not in the mood.”
”We risk more and more the longer we try. Sooner or later they will catch up with us when we are in these kinds of public places.”
August pierced Ludwig with crazy eyes. Ludwig continued anyway.
”Let it be, August. Continue on for yourself if you´d like to but I´m going now.”
Ludwig pushed out his chair and stood up. August slammed his hand down on the table so that his water glass fell over the antipasto platter. The water spilled all over the table. August raised his voice.
”Now you will sit, and you will do it now.”
Ludwig stood terrified.
If only he had known what I know, he might have become calmer or perhaps he would have found more peace, in any case it pained me to see him like that. If only I could have whispered in his ear: hold out.

August was unforgiving and hard. He said.
”The time is two minutes to eight. If I don´t call my lawyer in New York exactly eight o'clock, he gives you to the police.”
The barista and the business woman looked surprised in their direction. The man who sat the closest with the olive oil bread told August to calm down. August sounded an apology and pointed with his hand on the chair in front of Ludwig. Ludwig didn´t hesitate and sat down again.

They sat in silence for a long time. Ludwig watched the game and listened to the singing heels9. He did not know what he thought the most ill of, the prison in jail or the prison out in the open.
Inter´s heel drowned Siena. He thought it sounded like they were singing about Zlatan. When he blinked images arose from a football match between AIK and Hammarby over him. The images were stuck on the inside of his eyelids. Ella and Ludde on the North section of the stadium Råsunda outside Stockholm.
Ella was talking to a guy who was ape drunk. She was friendly, in her special way she asked him to calm down. Many had complained when he pissed threw beer mugs over the people below him.
Ludwig had, as usual, not understood how she did it. It was that preposition there in the middle, a small verb that made it so that they didn´t flare up. He heard them beside him, almost as if they were standing next to him.
”One thing I haven´t gotten”, said Ella to the guy. ”I've had some theories about it. Right, Ludde? ”He smiled, did not want to get into the conversation. Would certainly be trouble then. ”Why must you always fight. Okay, I get the thing. You carry around a lot of passion. You love your team and all that.”
The guy, drunk as a pig, said.
”Okay lady, here it is, how should I say. Okay, so here huh, it's one thing I'll never let down, it's AIK. The old lady, my children, the whole shit, huh, buddies. Does not fucking matter, Gnaget10 is always there.”
He turned and shot down the collar of his jacket. In the neck, he had a tattoo. It was a rat with the text ”Everlastingly Faithful”.
”But I do not want to fight. It is them goddammit, damn disgusting gårdare and bajare11. Fucking Pack. They press on, scoff as well. One cannot stand there like a fucking dick and not step. Everyone understands that.”
”But they say the same thing about you.”
”Oh yes, but honestly. I hate violence, ask anyone here, I hate violence so damn much so that ... ”
Ella turned on with a twinkle in her eye. ”... You have the urge to hit someone.”
He raised his plastic glass and toasted and then went away. Ella patted Ludwig on the back. Kissed him on the neck.
”What a guy huh? Hey, I have a theory, this thing about football and religion, there is always - ”
Ludwig broke contact. He drank from his water glass and concentrated on the game. August took out his cell phone from his pocket. He had received a text message a few hours ago. 

Damn you! /L

August shuddered. Loretta knew. It could not be anyone else who sent such a message. He returned a message to her internet address. He was careful not to send to her cell phone.

?

The match ended. The barista flicked over to CNN. After the commercial break Hala Gorani came in the picture, in front of her flashed graphics that read BREAKING NEWS.

Good morning, I´m Hala Gorani.
The mysterious robbery at the Kunsthistorisches Museum in Vienna has just gotten more mysterious. The Viennese police main suspect, and I should say only suspect, Karl Feigl was found at the Sankt Josef Krankenhaus morgue last night. And the surprising news was that the clergyman had been dead for several weeks.
38

Rome
Year 1599

The General Inquisitor Bellarmine was puzzled as he sat at his writing desk. In his hand he had a letter. At the top of the paper a seal was printed by Thoth´s Brotherhood. The letter was an order of the Nolan´s books to a bookseller in Ortaccio named Girolamo. He wondered how he could use this in the interrogation of prisoners.
He shuddered as he thought of the Nolan. His black eyes. They crawled under the skin of him.
He glanced at the pile of linen paper that lay on the writing desk. They contained statements from the interrogation of the courier who was supposed to deliver the letter, the one that they grabbed at Piazza Navona, when he had escaped from Piazza San Luigi dei Francesi.
Bellarmine had been searching for the man who turned their attention to the courier for Thoth´s Brotherhood but he had never found Michele because he had fled from the scene as fast as he could.
 
The courier had after all been a great help. Bellarmine had called in his most capable inquisitor who used Bernardo Gui´s all techniques. After a little persuasion the courier told them that he acted on behalf Thoth´s Brotherhood. He said he would hand over the letter to another courier who would then take it to the receiver. A courier who they could not find.
The inquisitor was convinced that he had told all he knew, which was not much, but it was more than they had before. The courier had information about the secret pilgrimage path to the Theatre.
He mentioned nothing conclusive, only parts of conversations he had heard over the years. He told about places that were important to the path, details that were clues to solving the mystery.

Bellarmine formulated a few short sentences for what he intended to do in a book that was separate from his notebook where he had all his beautiful images of Thoth Fraternitatis and one of the largest collections of the pagan art which originated from the old country. Pictures that I know Ludwig just days after he had seen them the first time, just as I, began to admire, even if there were other things desired from the man.
Bellarmine would establish a covenant with the name The Brothers of the Path. It would consist of no more than four people. In this way, it would avoid the Curia. He did not want their involvement in this secret deal. These four would picket at the sites mentioned by the courier.
He wrote the title Manuscript Montepulciano on the front in honor of his birthplace. He thought that the title was only natural because the place of his birth was the starting point of the end of the plague Thoth´s Brotherhood.

The first brother, he would send to interrogate bookseller Girolamo. If he had not divulged anything of importance, which Bellarmine believed he wouldn´t, the brother would make an example of him to show Thoth´s Brotherhood who was the executioner and who was the servant of Christianity in the eternal city.
From then on the brother would continue to the Cathedral in Siena to find what the courier told was buried in the vast cathedral, hidden but visible for every visitor. Hidden in the cathedral floor mosaic. The key to the riddle was a gift, a language, a law. From Thoth to Moses, actually not unlike Bellarmine´s painting of Mount Sinai.

39

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 16 

Alexander Wagner was pissed when he came back after the press conference, cheated and humiliated. But it was still pretty far from how pissed he would be soon. One thing was true of Alexander Wagner, he was not fun to deal with when he was really pissed off: then anything could happen, which it did.
Most acid was Alexander of having to put effort into answering stupid questions that only hampered his investigation.
The situation did not improve when he phoned to Lisa and said he would take a bratwurst at the Ringstrasse instead of dinner at home. But he promised to come home later so she could go off to Felix.

Alexander and Max walked together through the security videos again. They had no idea what to look for. Inconsistent movements. Sudden outcomes. Deviations. Anything, anything at all.
Alexander sat down in front of the bulletin board with the pictures and the names of all guests from the Tate Britain soiree. They went through all the faces again. Controlled the names.
It was around one hundred guests and it took time.
When he reached the end yet again, he jumped back a few rows. He saw the name Iacobi. He looked at the picture and wondered why it sounded familiar. He asked Max.
”Why do I recognize Iacobi, this man? I don´t recognize his face more than the picture but the name: Iacobi. Have you any idea?”
”Wasn´t some woman named Victoria Iacobi who was shot in Gablitz a few months ago?”
”Exactly.”
Wagner remembered that he had been engaged in the murder investigation but not managed it because of Felix. It was when he requested reassignment to the desk hell.
”I wonder if they were related.”
Max shrugged.
Alexander felt that it was not what he was thinking. He went through all the events. He divided the study in chapter: theft. Krugerstrasse. The fingerprint. All guests who he talked to. The visitation. The photograph shooting. The talks with the press. With the autopsy technician.
After a few minutes the token fell down.
He read the name on the board again. August Iacobi. He rang the police switchboard and asked them for the number to St Joseph Krankenhaus and Mr. Richard Steiner.
He answered after four rings.
”Steiner.”
”Hello, this is Gruppeninspektor Alexander Wagner again. I wonder if I could ask you one thing.”
”Of course.”
”Can you bring up the papers for Karl Feigl and double check one thing?”
Wagner heard Steiner´s footsteps on the other side of the handset.
”Of course. I have them in front of me.”
”You said that a certain Mr. Iacobi was to confirm Karl Feigl´s identity.”
”That's right.”
”Can you see if it is by any chance a certain Mr. August Iacobi?”
”Mm. Yes, here it is. His first name is August. Right. Why do you ask?”
Alexander did not answer the question but thanked him and hung up.

He went to the bulletin board and ripped off the photograph of Iacobi. He turned to his technician.
”We have a new suspect. August Iacobi. It´s this motherfucker.”
Alexander almost pressed up the image in the face of Max and said.
”Map out his every step!”

Half an hour later they had some material that Max had compiled. They went through the theft a few times. Max showed the sequence when August happened to look up in the CCTV camera.
”Ok, please tell me that we have a CCDP image of that feed?”
”Actually, I haven´t checked.”
CCDP cameras acted on movement and took high-resolution images that could be enlarged considerably more compared to CCTV. Max went through the folders the security officer had given access to. After a few minutes he had the answer.
”We have.”
Max lifted the image into Photoshop. Adjusted colors. Increased contrast. Enlarged 20x.

Loretta came into the room. She saw the picture and dropped her chin. It was no problem to see the similarity between the image that sat on the bulletin board and the image from the video from Saal XIII.
Alexander gathered his group. Said sharply to Loretta, Julian, To-bias and Max.
”We have a new prime suspect. His name is August Iacobi and he was at the event on June 14. The one that leaks this, I will beat your head off. Got it? This time we leave the press out of it.”

Max went through more movies while Alexander phoned Nora Smith at Europol to inform her of the situation. Weber ran the photo through the passport databases to obtain his exact identity. Found no picture in the U.S. or Austria. In Sweden, the picture matched an old passport.
He got information about some residences in Sweden and the castle Ruotkerspurch and that he indeed had a late wife named Victoria Iacobi. Max searched on.
It was not difficult to find information about August, he even had his own article in Wikipedia.
Alexander hung up. Read the information that Max had compiled.
”But that´s insane. It´s that August Iacobi.”
”Who do you mean, boss?” asked one of the stars.
Alexander showed the photograph to the group.
”Our main suspect is August Iacobi. You may recognize the name.”
One of the stars nodded sycophantic. The other looked like a birdhouse. Wagner continued.
”August F. Iacobi is a well-known businessman and his involvement in this is quite unlikely but it is what it is.”
Wagner cleared his throat and read some of Max´s information. He then continued.
”Iacobi belongs to a Swedish branch of the old powerhouse family Habsburg and a very successful one. He owns steel industries, IT companies and the highly influential investment bank Iacobi Investment Group which investing in over 100 companies worldwide. He lives in a castle named Ruotkerspurch in Riegersburg.”
Alexander looked at the group. They were as surprised as he was. He continued.
”Iacobi has one of the largest fortunes in Europe, making him a most unthinkable perpetrator. But we cannot deny the evidence. Remember, rich people commit crimes too. But that makes it no less remarkable for that. Although the Sapphire Box of Edfu is one of the world's most expensive art objects Iacobi could easily buy it several times over, if he had the possibility.”
Alexander let the stars take a break. He sat down next to Max.
”It´s kind of strange, don´t you think, Max?”
”What do you mean?”
”His wife was murdered earlier this year and a few months later, he steals one of the most famous works of art in the world. Sure, he certainly has a ton of skeletons in the closet concerning his business, but this is something else entirely. We must think damn wide here. It cannot be to sell it. Does it have anything to do with her murder? There's no question of artnapping anyway.”
”Artnapping?”12
”Same thing as kidnapping but with art. Offenders steal a painting and ask for a ransom.”
”Okay.”
Max shrugged and went on a facetious guess.
”Maybe he's a little Thomas Crown?”
Wagner shook his head. Pondered. He did not understand.
”It seems in any case quite unlikely that his wife is murdered and then comes one of the world's richest people and try to steal the Sapphire Box of Edfu, don´t you think, Max? They need to be connected somehow!”
Wagner sat and brooded while Max went out to the entrance. He came back slightly breathless. Put several movie windows in a row in an application. Played the videos back and forth in the various recordings.
After a while, Max said.
”Now we know at least how the Sapphire Box came out of the museum.”
”How so?”
”Check this out.”

Max rolled a sequence compiled by several cameras at the entrance. The sequence followed August who circled around all the people and finally came to the souvenir counter.
It went pretty fast and it was a bit inconvenient it might seem in retrospect, even if no one caught him, when I saw it for the first time, I thought it was also strange that no one caught him.
Once there, he picked up a package from his shoulder bag and stuffed into a box.
”What's that box?” asked Alexander.
”That is a mailbox where tourists can lay their cards. The janitor probably emptied it just as usual the day after the theft.”
”Perhaps it´s still there!”
Wagner was on his way to the door.
”No, I was out and just checked. It's empty.”
Alexander clenched his fist. He called Julian.
”Check out his credit cards and his cell phone if he has any.”
Wagner cleaned the bulletin board. August sat on its own little space. Julian came back quickly with the information.
”Good news. He took out the maximum amount of a cash machine at Südbahnhof yesterday and probably bought train tickets from there.”
”How is that good news, Julian?” said Alexander.
”You did not let me finish. I just talked to his phone company, too. His cell phone was used a few moments ago in Siena.”
”Good work, Julian!” Exclaimed Alexander.
Alexander picked up the phone and called Nora Smith in Haag.
He asked her to coordinate with the Italian police.

*

Ludwig read the message from Corpus Thoth Fraternitatis while August paid admission to the Siena Cathedral.



Head to Sena Julia where the Path of the Five Trials begins inside the gate of the Barbarian's house. Listen to the conversation between the law-giver and the receiver. Then insert the most common symbols in the Four-Leaf Clover. Let this be your Egyptian Virgil.

They went through the turnstile and went into the church and stopped in the middle. Ludwig raised his nose from the paper.
A feeling of overwhelming came over him. Huge pillars painted in bands of black and white flanked the sides. A stream of light flowed from a round window above the choir. A murmur was heard from the Italian school groups that stood in clusters along the columns.
When he and Ella traveled around Italy some years ago, they had been forced to exclude Siena because they stayed in San Gimignano too long, something he regretted, he told me later.

The Barbarian´s house, which in my opinion it was undeservedly called in the Four-Leaf Clover´s old message. The cathedral was world famous for its mosaic that was several hundred years old. There were around thirty mosaic paintings that were 2x3 meters, carved in the floor in white, red and yellow. All were fenced with red rope as if the mosaic stood on the red carpet at a gala premiere.

With little time Ludwig and August stood before thirty puzzles, with only one that had a message for them.
They went in different directions. They looked at the old mythical Sibyls who were trapped in the floor. There were images of the slaughter of the innocent and the philosopher Socrates.
When they met in the middle, they had not found anything. Ludwig decided to start from scratch.
He knew that the message written by Thoth´s Brotherhood sometime in the late 1500s when the entrance wasn´t at the side of the cathedral which it was now, but in the middle of the facade. He reminded himself that the Path of the Five Trials begins inside the gate of the Barbarian's house.
He went back through the nave of the church, staring at all the Pope heads that were in long rows up in the cathedral's roof.

Ludwig loved to visit churches, from a start I didn´t understand it because he was not a believer, but he said he always felt so calm in the churches, that he liked the smell of candles, stones and old Bibles and especially the architecture. I think it was that he had read so much about churches in ancient societies, he could just sit in a church on a bench and just stare at the ceiling.
I remember, when I went to buy something to drink on a summer´s day in Ystad, I left Ludwig on a bench in the church but I met an old friend and came back after half an hour. I was surprised when I found him in the same place when I came back. He didn´t have a phone used for surfing the web in his hand or anything, when I asked him if he had been sitting in the same place all the time he said yes, but when he said it, I saw in his eyes that he had been given somewhere.

A young couple kissed in front of a mosaic depicting the Cumae Sibyl. A guard adjusted the frequency on his radio. Another said to a tourist not to use flash.
Ludwig read the message. He looked around. He felt that there was something hiding in there somewhere.
When he reached the end of the nave and the old gate to the church, he turned around. He looked toward the popes in the ceiling and the mythological canopy that was supported by small marble lions.
He turned his gaze to the floor. What he saw made ​​him paralyzed.
He waved to August and pointed to the floor in front of the gate. Before them was a beautiful mosaic.
It was the first one inside the old main entrance. It was hard to miss and as big as the others. For centuries it had been keeping a great secret.
*

”Matteo. It's me. Juan”, said the dark moor.
”Where are you?”
”I'm outside in the Siena Cathedral. They've gone in.”
”Have you seen if they have the box?”
”No. Tell me, Matteo, I didn´t talk to Luca when he left over. Did he have any success on the train?”
”No. But something tells me that you were right after all. That it was these two who stole the Four-Leaf Clover. If we are to believe Bellarmine and the Montepulciano manuscript the place of the first chamber is the Siena Cathedral. Why else would they go there from Vienna. I don´t think it's a coincidence.”
”I've been confident all along, Matteo.”
There was silence in the handset. Juan heard Matteo breathing. After a while, said Matteo.
”Do this. Find out what they are doing there. It may be a coincidence. But if not. Find out what they are looking at. It can help us at a later stage when we have the Four-Leaf Clover. And Juan.”
”Yes, Matteo?”
”For God's sake. No weapons. We don´t want to scare them. Not yet. First we need to know that they have the Four-Leaf Clover. Not that they have handed it to someone else. We don´t have time to squeeze them for information. The evenings are bright and getting longer.”
Juan hung up. Looked around the piazza outside the great cathedral. Walked toward the entrance.

*

In the floor mosaic in front of Ludwig and August were two men pictured to the left. A big man with a long beard was in the middle of the image and the center of attention. One of the smaller men, who represented Moses held up a book that the great man also held. At the same time the Great rested his hand on an inscription whose frames were supported by two sphinxes. Their tails formed a caduceus. Under the picture was an inscription.

Hermes Mercurius Trismegistus Contemporaneus Moysu

(Hermes Mercurius Trismegistus, contemporary with Moses)

Ludwig was still amazed that such a pagan expression was in the Siena Cathedral. The man was none other than Hermes Trismegistus, the name of Thoth in Greece.
August translated what it said in the book that Moses held up and the inscription Thoth rested his hand on. He called Ludwig. Told that the sphinx´s inscription revealed that God, the great Creator, had engendered a God that was visible, and he made this God the first and only on earth. He loved this God as his own son, whom he called the holy Word or Logos.
”It sounds as if God had created Thoth as his own son. Have you heard this before?” asked Ludwig.
”Yes and no, it is possible that one or some have mentioned it but it's nothing I've committed to memory because I have dismissed it as something childish. In the scriptures, the more reputable sources from the Church Fathers and the Latin historians Thoth is not referred to as the son of God, even if that title is written sometimes.”
”What does it say in the book that Moses holding?”
”We'll see. Actually, I think I recognize it. The inscription in the book of Moses says something about Egypt's laws and systems. If I'm not wrong there, it's a quote from Cicero. He says that Thoth was the one that gave Egypt its laws and regulations.”
August looked up from his book and looked at Ludwig.
”If we are to interpret this mosaic, it is possible that the artist believed that Thoth gave the law to Moses, which of course means that he introduced them in Israel. That of course means he did not get stone tablets from God. Alternatively, it is like the picture I showed you from Bellarmine´s Theatrum Diabolus. The picture Bellarmine painted of when Thoth gave the interpretation of the laws at the same time he got them by God.”
Ludwig read the inscription again and then said.
”Then this might be the conversation.”
August looked up.
”What do you mean?”
”The code from Corpus Thoth Fraternitatis. Listen to the conversation between the law-giver and the receiver. It must mean this mosaic image, right?”
August looked confused at first and then said.
”Yes, probably. The only question is what the rest means.”

Ludwig took out the Nikon camera, which he had brought with him at August's request. He began photographing the mosaic from all possible angles, while August wrote down the inscription on paper.
After a few hours the cathedral was almost deserted albeit a few guards. The school classes and the American tourists had long since left the cathedral.
40

Rome
Year 1599

Neither Ludwig nor Michele probably thought about it but they rushed towards each other at an ever faster rate, Michele from the past and Ludwig from our now in an event, linking the past with the future. Michele's famous light and Ludwig would soon collide head on.

Michele was hiding in the hills outside Porta del Popolo during the day after he saw Sciarra pulling around outside the Palatine and searched in the poorhouse after him.
As darkness began to fall, he looked out over the Roman church towers. He saw the citadel´s crowd and heard a thunder rumbled inside Rome.
He looked at the dark sky, but no thunder clouds were over the city. He heard the rumble once again. It went through the town like a breeze and got vanes on rooftops and churches to spin rapidly. The rumblings disappeared out over the plains beyond the gates of Rome.
The city was then quiet and calm.

He made his way down the slope and went just before closing of the city in to Piazza del Popolo. A farmer was chasing a piglet back and forth across the square. An old woman sat hunched over her basket with her palms up. In the basket were snails, figs, garlic and a few small wooden tablets depicting the landscape outside the walls for sale.
The sun's heat was left in the ground and pushed out an unbearable stench. From backyards adjacent the piazza heated urine and feces from the animals were still warm on the ground. It was the same stench that Bellarmine hated, a smell Michele also not particularly liked, although he was more used to it than the Great Doctor. Three young men and an older woman swept clean around the obelisk. They shot lettuce and rotten apples to the wall next to the church of Santa Maria del Popolo.
Michele sat in the corner of the piazza opposite the church and waited for the darkness to fall altogether.

Under cover of darkness, he went down town to the sleepy district of Trastevere where he met his friends Mario and Fabrizio. Michele wanted to obviously meet his friends for the good sake of their company, but he also wanted to know more about the Theatre and if they knew anything more.

Late in the evening after many bottles of earthy piquette-wine Michele managed to steer the conversation into Thoth´s Brotherhood when most of the tavern guests had gone home and fallen asleep over the table. Fabrizio started to tell a tale which he said was known in his homeland.
”When I was little my father told me that a monk of Cluny wrote about the Brotherhood´s truths on donkey skins. Shortly after he completed, the Inquisition rode into the village, and wrapped him up in the hides. How they found out what he was doing, I have no idea but I guess one of the monks informed them. They showed no emotion when they burned him with the scriptures. Brutal fuckers, no remorse, no mercy.”
”Cave Canem”, Mario said, and raised a warning finger and smiled his quirky smile.
Fabrizio looked at his partner and shook his head.
”According to the villagers, they burned him in the moonlight as they solemnly from one scene on the village square said that what he had written would elicit something they called nature's wrath, a force that had long been smoldering in the mountains, which had slumbered and almost became extinct in man since Jesus appeared.
From what I have understood, they meant that the Church previously had control over this. They promised anyway horrors. People would in an instant become something they called silver people, they would cease to be God's people, they would wander around lit by moonlight and become barbarians and fencing out of hell. A senseless chaos would break out and all the people would get to swim in the slaughter water. La stagione horrida all year round. I know Michele. Big words. But it is not my words.
I guess that's why the church so dread the day Thoth´s Brotherhood decides to announce the divine truth that is contained in the Theatre. That is why the church as soon as it comes up a little doodle, a pamphlet in the inns and so on makes sure to remove it as soon as possible.”

Michele looked around for what he would say now was dangerous, he knew that right into the spinal cord.
He asked his friends to get closer. He unfurled the linen paper where he had written the maple writing from Pasquino.
”I was at Pasquino the other night and found this maple writing tacked behind the statue.”
”Are you crazy, you were at the Pasquino?” said Fabrizio.
Michele shushed him and looked over his shoulder.
They read the maple writing.

Stand in the shadow of St Paul on Inferno´s first day.
* I-CXVIII-VIII-XXVIII *
Thoth Fraternitatis

”I understand nothing except that it probably has something to do with Dante and his comedy, considering the mentioning of Inferno. Whoever wrote it was keen on keeping the message as secretly as possible”, said Fabrizio.
”Yes, this secret writing must be very secret because as soon as I read it, I was thrown in the Tor di Nona by guards from the Swiss guard.”
”Were you there for long?”
”No, that´s what´s so strange. I was released that same night. There came a servant and a cardinal to prison after midnight and after they walked out, I was out on the street again.”
”Yes, that is strange”, said Fabrizio. Fabrizio thought. ”That is really strange.”
”Have you any idea who it might have been?”
”The college of Cardinals is a motley crew, but there are really only two cardinals who have power.”
”Who?”
”The General Inquisitor Bellarmine of course but I guess it wasn´t him.”
”No, him I would have recognized, even from behind.”
”The other one that is as powerful as Bellarmine is the Medici family´s cardinal Francesco Maria Del Monte. It is he who lives in Palazzo Madama at Piazza San Luigi dei Francesi.”
”But what does Del Monte want from me?”
His friends had equally difficulty to answer the question as Michele.

The men drank the last of the wine and ordered a bottle more. They sat in silence for a few minutes. Fabrizio said.
”I know someone who can help you. I met him several years ago. His name is Girolamo and has a bookstore on a side street off Ortaccio. It hangs a banner outside with a quote from the Psalms. Tell him you know me. Promise that you tell me what the maple writing means when you find out.”
They clinked glasses.

Round under their feet the men stood on the piazza in Trastevere. Mario and Fabrizio went to their inn. Early in the morning the day after, they would go to Siena with a dispatch.
Despite the late hour Michele went to Ortaccio´s whore blocks at Augustus Mausoleum. He turned off the Via Ripetta, into a dark side street in Ortaccio.
He found a bookstore with a banner outside with a text from the Psalms in the Bible, just as Fabrizio said. The bookstore´s owner stacked books on each other and put some in a shelf. Michele was tired and slightly drunk. He went straight to the point and said that he was looking for a copy of The Divine Comedy by Dante Alighieri of Florence.
The bookseller stopped picking the books. He stood in front of Michele who flinched. The bookseller was curious. There were not many who asked for Dante these days.
”If I may ask ... what are you looking for?”
Michele waved to the bookseller, and even though he knew it was foolhardy, he did it anyway, probably encouraged by the alcohol in the blood.
They stood behind the counter. He pulled the note he had written the maple writing on. He told him about the numerical series. The bookseller introduced himself as Girolamo. Looked at Michele with a smile. Happy to discuss Dante with anyone. He said.
”You know the index Prohibitorum? Dante is mentioned there, certainly not with the comedy but with a different book. That makes him difficult to manage. Therefore book knowers have developed different systems to communicate with each other about banned books and infamous authors. But I'm afraid I cannot go into it.”
”I am a friend of Fabrizio from Montefiascone. It was he who told me about your bookstore.”
”Oh, Fabrizio. Why wouldn´t you say that at once my friend. It cannot hurt to help a friend of Fabrizio.”

Girolamo pointed to the numbers and letters under the caduceus.
”That's what these numbers are all about. It's really very simple. It is a way for Dante-knowers to communicate what part of the book they wish to discuss or any part of the reference they refer to. I can imagine that there lies a place, a city, or something like that in this series of numbers due to the nature of the riddle.”
”How do you read it?”
”Simple. In the code * I CXVIII-VIII-XXVIII * the first refers to which location Dante is at. In this case, it´s Inferno. Then usually the song follows. Because this is Inferno the circle of which Dante is in, is usually also written. Then follow which line it is referred to in the book.”
The bookseller looked at Michele. He thought he was too gullible. He smiled from ear to ear.
”Wait here”, said Girolamo and went upstairs to his private residence.
Michele could hear how he unlocked several locks before he lifted something out of a box, which he assumed was Dante's great work. The bookseller walked carefully over the floorboards. He locked the door to the shop and blew out some candles before he beat up the Comedy on the counter.
”We must therefore look in the eighth circle of the Inferno in the eighteenth song on the twenty-eighth line”, said Girolamo and browsed very carefully in the book.
He brought a candle closer to the book and opened the page so that Michele could also read. They read the lines quietly.

Even as the Romans, for the mighty host,
The year of Jubilee, upon the bridge,
Have chosen a mode to pass the people over;
For all upon one side towards the Castle
Their faces have, and go unto St. Peter's;
On the other side they go towards the Mountain.

”I don´t understand”, said Michele. ”What does the castle stand for?”
The bookseller looked at Michele.
”Dante writes here about the pilgrims in Rome who walk to Peter's Basilica outside the castle where the Nolan is in prison now.”
”Castel Sant'Angelo?”
The bookseller nodded.
Michele read the maple writing again.
”The place is thus Castel Sant'Angelo and there you should be on Good Friday, which is tomorrow”, said the bookseller.
”But what has Paul to do with it?”
”Very simple. On the bridge leading to the citadel, there is a statue of Paul the apostle.”
Michele could not help but admire the kindly bookseller but he thought it was a bit strange that Girolamo thought most of it was simple that had to do with the maple writing.
But he suspected that it had something to do with the bookstores vulnerable location in Rome with all the ban lists and the church put its nose everywhere. The maple systems seemed reasonable.

Michele thanked him for his help and went puzzled out of the bookstore. A gruff man took up the street in the dark and bumped into Michele. He apologized and went on into Girolamo´s bookstore.

The next day Michele remained hidden outside the city. He practiced coloring and tested some new pigment in a cave overlooking Porta del Popolo.
When the protective darkness returned, he went to Ponte Sant'Angelo and St. Paul´s statue. A few meters away from him was the crowd outside the citadel and worried about the Nolan.

He stood there for several hours until he finally fell asleep. When he woke up the crowd was gone. He stood up with cloudy eyes and looked at the empty bridge. When he turned around to go to the poorhouse someone took hold of his neck and turned him against the cold stone statue.


41

The Siena Cathedral, Siena
June 16

Michele did not know about the Four-Leaf Clover yet even when he stood propped up against the statue. But he was soon going to get close to it and the code that was in it and it would be shaped by him without him knowing it.
Ludwig was very close to it when he went around the mosaic in the Siena Cathedral. He fingered the Sapphire Box in the bag while he examined the images in the mosaic. After a while, he dropped the box and continued shooting.
In the turnstile was a man with a black coat. The man walked cautiously to the mosaic in front of the main gate. He approached Ludwig. August sat farther away on a bench and thinked about the message. He drew with a pencil across a page in a book. He tried to illustrate the message and find the hidden symbols.
The man stood just behind Ludwig and after a while he felt someone puffing him in the neck. He turned with a jerk.
The swarthy Spaniard backed down and apologized.
Ludwig went to the side and photographed the mosaic from another direction. Just a few seconds later, the man was behind Ludwig again. He turned gently this time, and looked anxiously at the man. They stared at each other for a few seconds. The Spaniard laughed and said in Spanish-influenced English.
”We seem to have common interests. If you permit, I must just check one thing and I leave you to photograph.”
He leaned over the ropes and read the inscription at the base. From the gown he took out a red notebook with a cross on. Ludwig recognized it.
He thought it looked like it was almost or exactly the same type of notebook that the rat Luca Frangipani on the train had. Ludwig glanced on when the Moor wrote the inscription and painted quickly a sketch of the cathedral in two straight lines representing the nave. He designed the mosaics in squares and circled the first.
”Okay. You have nice day. That is all for me. Good bye.”

The man bowed slightly and walked towards the exit. He wore the notebook close to the body. Ludwig looked at the Spaniard as he walked through the turnstile. He smiled at Ludwig.

When he turned his head away Ludwig saw something. The Spaniard had something red on his neck. The cloak obscured the view but some streaks were noticeable. It looked like the legs of a dog. When the man pulled up the door the collar fell off slightly, revealing the body of the dog and its jaw. The rest was not visible.
Ludwig looked at August who sat concentrated over his sketches. it was a remarkable coincidence Ludwig thought. He took more pictures and deleted some that were blurry. He put down the camera in the bag and waved to August to come over.
When August moved towards Ludwig he felt it vibrate in the inner pocket on his blazer. He picked up his cell phone. Stopped. He had received a sms from Loretta again.

What are you doing. Give it back now! You are unofficially wanted. They have arranged with the police of Siena. They have picked up your mobile signal in some way. /L

”August. What is it? August!”
”Ludwig, we must hurry. They'll be here soon.”
He showed the text message to Ludwig that froze in the tanks. He looked away towards the entrance but no one came. The few people who went around the cathedral had been there a while.
”Damn!” said Ludwig and struck his hand over his mouth. He grabbed August´s phone and turned it off. Gave back.
”Keep it off now. Otherwise, they can ping it so they know directly where we are.”
”Come on, Ludwig, we need to resolve this now!”
Ludwig felt the sweat on the back and the temples.
”I keep an eye out as you think, okay, Ludwig?”  said August.
August did not wait for an answer. He walked towards the entrance and stood so that he could look out the door.

*

Poggibonsi
June 16 

Detective Luigi Frati from Florence had been sitting in his car outside Poggibonsi a few miles from Siena when the call from Nora Smith linked up. He had heard about the news on TV. As soon as he hung up, he stood on the gas and plugged in his hands free. He called to his colleagues in Siena.
Luigi was painfully13 built. His mother had always said he would become a runner because the only thing he did when he was a kid was running around in the courtyard of their house in Florence. He could not sit still for more than two minutes to eat his dinner, but the mother's omen came to naught early.
He was the same age as Wagner, but to his mother's great misfortune, he had no children or wife. He was a football-loving playboy. His big advantage was that he looked like Marcello Mastroianni, which was particularly advantageous in Italy.
He had some aplomb wrinkles around the eyes and a little grey splash in the hair, although I thought he looked a little gooey, in any case he was charming. Luigi worked at the Italian police's special art theft squad. A squad that did not exist in all countries but was need in a country like Italy, which had huge art treasures.
Fifteen minutes later he turned into Siena. He met up with an officer and explained the situation. He said he wanted the men stationed in the city. Little Siena would be covered within five minutes.

*

Ludwig had never been particularly good at calming down, at least not fast but oddly enough he succeeded a tad this day.
He thought for a moment and became convinced that the solution was in the interplay between the law-giver and the receiver. Just like it said in the statement. Insert the most common of symbols in the Four-Leaf Clover.
He struck with his fingers on the paper.
August urged Ludwig to be calm from his post. Tossed his hands against the floor.
Ludwig went to August that kept his eyes on the entrance. Ludwig said.
”August, I can´t come up with shit. It is best that we take off before the police come.”
”Not a chance. Ludwig, remember what I said. Do not test me.”
”But.”
Ludwig interrupted himself. He looked at August and saw that he would not give up.
”Okay, we try to go through this step by step. What is it that Thoth gives Moses?”
”It is the law but it's not a symbol”, said August quiet. ”The Sphinxes that supports the inscription are admittedly symbols but not very common even in Egypt.”
”What is the most common symbol then, August?”
August shook his head again.
”I have not the faintest. I'm sorry.”
Ludwig urged convulsively on himself to think. He thought of symbols: cats, sphinxes, Thoth, caduceus, crosses, road signs, signs, advertising signs in neon. In the end, he said.
”What did you say it was in the book that Moses shows for Thoth?”
”Why do you ask?”
”I just wonder, say now!”
A guard came walking behind them. August released the entrance of a second. The guard walked towards the cashier. August said.
”Calm, calm. It was Cicero's quote, remember? It is about the Egyptian writing system and laws. What are you thinking?”
”But there we have it!” said Ludwig. ”Why should it be so difficult.”
”Tell me, Ludwig. While we have time.”
August glanced at one guard who stood at the mosaic. He spoke with someone in his radio.
Ludwig read the message again and then said.
”Though I have no idea what that Egyptian Virgil has to do with it but maybe it doesn´t matter. It says clearly in the code that we are supposed to insert the most common symbols in the Four-Leaf Clover.”
”Yes, what is it?”
”Simple. What is that Thoth gives to Moses?”
”The law of course. That we know but it´s no symbol as we have said. Out with it now! ”
”No, but what does the law consist of? I just want to see that I have it right, if you come to the same conclusion as me.”
”Yes, the law is indeed a collection of legal principles to be -”
Ludwig interrupted him.
”No, I did not mean the legal philosophy. What was the first thing you said to me that Thoth was.”
”I don´t remember”, said August irritated. ”Tell me instead!”
”You said that Thoth was the Writer. Creator of wisdom and writing.”
”What do you mean by that?
Ludwig looked at him. He pointed to Moses and Thoth. Read the message. Repeated what August said to him in the castle in Austria.
”Oh, I see what you mean”, said August, smiling.
”Indeed, old man. The most common of symbols is of course the written language and the code must therefore be the alphabet ... ”
”... Or alphabetum as it is called in Latin. The Four-Leaf Clover´s letters are written in Latin.”

August put an arm around Ludwig. Ludwig looked at him. He felt the touch of August. The arm was hot. A feeling went through him amidst all the stress and anger. He could not quite interpret the feeling except it warmed him.
But it was no problem for me to understand him, or anyone else for that matter that was human. No one had held Ludwig for a long time and even though he stubbornly and stupidly swore that he did not need it, he needed it. That's why the feeling became that strong, although the situation was as it was.
August bent down to Ludwig and smiled. Ludwig fired an embarrassed gaze to the floor as if he were a small child who was praised for the first time in his life.

They went out of the cathedral, looked out for cops but saw none. They went quickly into a narrow medieval street. The street was empty and the shutters facing the street were closed. They found a small deserted piazza with a fountain and a bench. Some windows faced the piazza. In the apertures there were pots of flowers in green and red.
Ludwig picked up the Four-Leaf Clover from his canvas bag. Cautiously he pressed the letters, alphabetum. It creaked a little. The box seemed fragile. A click was heard for each letter. August wiped the sweat from his brow, then said.
”Careful now when you turn the caduceus, Ludwig. As soon as you hear that the needles are in, and that something is about to break, stop immediately, you understand?”
Ludwig nodded. He placed the Four-Leaf Clover in his palm and grabbed the caduceus with the other hand.
”This is it”, he said, looking with wide eyes at August who did not release the Four-Leaf Clover with his eyes.
Ludwig turned the caduceus gently. It spun full circle. The mechanical work squeaked like a toy. Nothing happened. They heard nothing. Something was wrong.
The seconds were long.
So it happened.
One of the clovers opened.

The Sapphire Box sighed like an old grave and trapped air shot out. August gently opened the clover lid until it stopped. A linen paper was folded inside. August took it out. He looked around. They were still alone on the piazza.
Just when August would open the linen paper Ludwig pointed on the Four-Leaf Clover.
”What is that? Did you see where it came from?”

*

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 16 

While they waited in the central for the Italian police to act Alexander Wagner sought out Lukas Gruber, who was the caretaker of the Kunsthistorisches Museum. Following the murder of Victoria and August's unexpected involvement in the theft of the Sapphire Box, he wanted to ask some questions to the man.
He had already inquired with Loretta but she was too busy to talk to him, and some guards he had talked to did not know much. He found him in his office. He introduced himself and went as usual rapidly.
”Do you know of a certain Victoria Iacobi, married to August Iacobi?”
”Of course I do. Why do you ask? ”
Wagner did not answer but continued to question.
”Have you seen her here at the museum?”
To Alexander's surprise the janitor replied yes.
”Yes, Mrs. Iacobi was here often. A delightful woman. Such class, if you know what I mean. She really lit up the room and spoke kindly to all. I feel sorry for her, that she ended up as she did. Cannot imagine that someone wanted to harm her so badly.”
Wagner nodded in an attempt to show sympathy.
”What did she do here?”
”For the most part she was in Saal XIII where you are now. She was very interested in the Sapphire Box of Edfu but who isn´t, it's so beautiful.”

*

August leaned over the Four-Leaf Clover and looked at the clover that they had opened. Behind the clover, against the caduceus, a small icon had appeared. A very small but fully visible piece had been pushed out of the Four-Leaf Clover when the clover opened. The symbol represented a camel.
While investigating the desert ship police sirens began to whiz down at Piazza del Campo.
”Quickly now, we must know where we're going.”
August unfurled the linen paper from the clover. The old code saw the day´s light for the first time in 400 years.

* * *


The old country has more dead than alive, and the wisdom mere god´s eyes see, their sight is hidden in the sacred characters. The road out of the mundane black sight meander like the snake to Castello in the Lion´s den, in the olive grove the academy director give a lesson during the hermetic season. Remember the Savior´s birth and the lighthearted love´s blind backward name and footsteps on the path to the old country and Prisca Sapientia let the wind blow clean.

”Do you understand anything, Ludwig?”
Ludwig shook his head. The sirens came closer. A couple walked up the street and stopped next to the piazza. The girl pulled out a camera and photographed her boyfriend against a wall.
Fast as the eye they got to jump aside when a small police car drove past them. August and Ludwig turned fast inward the piazza. Ludwig ran and looked around the corner. The police had driven on.
”We need not resolve the code but just know where the chamber is”, said August stressed.
Ludwig chiseled out the message. Divided it into strings. Placed its different meanings in tables in his skull. 
”If I have to say something”, said Ludwig uncertain. ”Then I would say that we are going to Castello in the Lion´s den. It is on line 3.”
August agreed. They went to one end of the piazza. A scooter was heard in the neighborhood. Sound from a radio crackled nearby. They could not place from where.
”Where is it?” asked August, when he came back.
”No idea.”
The sound of the scooter died out but the radio noise was still there.
”Wait!” said Ludwig.
He pulled the camera out of the bag and flipped through the pictures he had taken of the mosaics. Behind Thoth´s mosaic was another mosaic with a lot of animals and cities, written under each animal.

The picture showed eight animals in a circle around a wolf who nursed two children. Each animal had a city attached to it. In the middle was obviously Siena. Viterbo had a picture of a unicorn, Rome an elephant with a castle on its back.
Ludwig navigated around the image with August over his shoulder.
”There it is!” Ludwig zoomed in a lion and pressed down on the arrow keys to get the city's name.
”No, it´s not true!”
”What is it, Ludwig?”
”Can´t you see. It's way too blurry. I just took pictures of the center with the central focus. Some you can see but that is too far away, no sharpness. Can you see any letter?”
Ludwig enlarged the text below the lion but it was no use. The image was too blurry. They couldn´t even see the length of the name.
”We must return to the cathedral, Ludwig”, said August.
Ludwig laughed.
”Laugh it up, but do you see any other way out?”
In the same second as August asked his question something broke in Ludwig. August had pressed him for too long, he was not going to tolerate it anymore.
”Fuck me if I´m going back.”
”Ludwig, I have one finger on the phone and I can call while I go and talk with the police here. Believe me, I´ll do it.”
Ever since August had put his fist on the table in the bar the anger had  bubbled in Ludwig. He escaped from prison not to be held hostage by August.
He could not hold it back anymore.
The situation choked him.
The panic came over him and took away all the shit he had pressed together from Sweden. Suddenly he saw Ella with the ape-fucker, the C-building, the theft. He screamed with a cracked voice, but August still felt the power of his voice.
”FUCK YOU, August, you fucking bitch! What the hell have I done to you? ”
August sat quietly on the bench and said nothing.
Ludwig buckled his arms until he shaked.
He realized he was stuck. Nothing had changed and he had not done anything that would cause it to change.
He walked over to the fountain and splashed water on his face.

He hung over the fountain for a few minutes. The water cooled down the heat in his face. He was powerless. Helpless.
Ludwig pushed out of the straitjacket. He walked briskly to August, who stood up. Without saying anything, they went back to the cathedral.

42

Rome
Year 1599

* * *


Ciriaco

The Devil is approaching. I enclose the General Inquisitor´s letter that he put in Girolamo´s bookstore after he had him killed. Be on your guard, Ciriaco.

your Brother
Rome in the holy year MDIC




Thoth´s Brotherhood and the patron of the Theatre of the Five Gates. Lead us to the Theatre or go the same fate as the bookseller, Girolamo. The courier has told us your names, Ciriaco.
43

Kunsthistorisches Museum, Vienna
June 16 

It was a heated atmosphere inside the central at the art museum. Alexander shouted to everyone who was in the room.
”Shut up! I'll talk to Nora now so we can get rolling on this shit.”
Alexander returned to the handset. Nora Smith had arranged tripartite talk with Wagner and Frati. She said in English.
”As soon as August's phone is online again, we know where he is. We have hopefully some luck that they are still in Siena. There are many towers there just like in any other cities. We will get the distance plus or minus a few yards.”
”Can we not do a passive triangulation of his cell”, asked Alexander eagerly.
Nora replied.
”No, we've already tried. The phone is off, you cannot ping it then.”
Nora cleared her throat.
”Luigi”, she continued. ”I suggest you post some units at strategic locations in Siena where one can imagine that they show up.”
”Signorina, I have already done that. We have uniforms on their way to Campo, a number of famous hotels, and men who patrol the streets. No problem. I myself will go to the Siena Cathedral.”
”Good, Luigi”, said Nora. ”You seem to have the situation under control. We will phone each other as soon as something happens. Okay?”
Luigi and Alexander agreed.
”Where are you now, Luigi?” asked Nora.

*

Ludwig and August crept along the streets and it was lucky that they took it easy, with their limited experience, they would have ended up with the police so easily if they weren´t careful.
They stopped at the mouth of one of the streets facing the square in front of the cathedral. No cops in sight. No civilian cops with earphones.
They crossed the square and tried to go on in as normal a manner as possible and I can say right away that I have never seen someone walk that normal.
They walked quickly up to the entrance and solved another ticket, they did not even try to get in on their old tickets not to attract attention.
A school class stood around the first two mosaics. A teacher spoke in Italian about the artworks. The students roamed with their eyes.
Ludwig and August were waiting impatiently. At last the teacher finished her education and urged the class further into the nave. 

Ludwig August and went directly to the second mosaic to look at the lion. At the entrance a few feet away they heard a police radio.
The man who came in bolted down the volume. He showed his police identification to the girl at the counter and was admitted. The turnstile clicked. He had a phone to his ear. He spoke loudly, as if he did not believe that someone heard but it was normal for Luigi, he liked to speak out. He said in English.
”Nora, I'm already in the Siena Cathedral so you can relax. Yes, we are waiting for the signal.”
Luigi put the cell phone in his belt and turned up the radio again.
Ludwig and August looked quickly on the mosaic. Went with certain steps towards the souvenir shop that was beside the entrance.

There they were caught.
They had to cross the floor to get to the exit on the other side.

Luigi passed the mosaics to a guard. From his pocket he took up an A4-page that he unfurled. The image was printed on an old inkjet printer at Siena's police station. The guard shook his head. They started talking about something else.
Ludwig and August picked a few books in the shop. Looked carefully into the nave. August said quietly.
”Did you see what it said under the lion, Ludwig?”
He nodded. August had also managed to see.
Luigi slowly walked around the cathedral. He talked to all the guards and showed the picture.
”Sooner or later, he will come. What should we do, Ludwig?”
Ludwig's brain went into overdrive. He said.
”Did you hear what he said when he went in, August?”
”He was talking to someone named Nora, right? About a signal.”
”An Italian police officer who speaks English”, said Ludwig quiet. He thought for a moment and then said.
”You don´t think he's looking for us?” asked Ludwig.
”Unfortunately I think so”, said August. ”We have to get him away from the cathedral so we can get out of here. How are we gonna do that?”
”He said something about a signal. They are gonna get a signal.”
”But how, Ludwig? Then they will of course track us when we send it.
”Possibly, but not necessarily.”
”Give me your cellphone, August.”
August handed over his mobile phone.
”Now, this is a huge fucking gamble”, said Ludwig and looked out in the cathedral.
”What do you mean?” August asked anxiously.
”We hope that they are just looking for you so far. That they have not yet discovered who I am, at least not here.”
”Wait, is there no other way?”
”This is probably the best. We cannot risk that he gets more time in the cathedral. He will begin to approach us soon. I go now. When he passes away, you call me a call on the mobile from my phone so that I know you can go out. We meet at the side of the cathedral. At the stand next to the cathedral where they sell football jerseys.”
He gave August his own phone.
”Wait”, said August and gripped after Ludwig in the air, but he was already walking.
The police talked to a guard when Ludwig went past. He turned to him but did not notice him more than anyone else.
August stood nervously left and waited.
He saw Ludwig go through the turnstile at the exit.
Ludwig ran to the piazza where they were earlier. 

Luigi walked around the cathedral. August looked after him. Lost him out of sight. He could hear his voice further away in the nave. Dared not go out and see.
Suddenly he heard the crackle from his radio just a few feet away.
He hurried to the toilets which were at the side of the souvenir shop. When he was on his way down the aisle towards the booths, he heard a voice behind him. It was the woman in the store's checkout.
”Scusi, signor. Excuse me.”
August turned around. She said in English.
”It costs 50 cents to use the toilet.”
August pulled out his wallet. He flipped quickly among the note s and felt in his pockets. He looked and saw Luigi´s back. He looked around inside the souvenir shop.
August snatched up a bill. Drove it in the hand of the woman. She looked at it and said.
”Have you nothing less? I cannot exchange a 100 EURO bill.”
”But, my God”, said August and wiped his forehead with his hand.
He saw Luigi turn around. August moved into the aisle and said while walking backwards. ”Keep the change.”
He smiled a strained smile.
He turned and ran towards the toilets. He heard the woman yell after him when he locked himself in a cubicle.
He pulled up his feet and swore quietly to the woman. 

Luigi walked up to the cashier and asked what was going on. She showed the note.
”It was a very eager man who ran into the toilets.”
”Really?” said Luigi interested. He leaned over the counter and flexed his aplomb wrinkles. Picked up the Marcello-smile.
”Maybe he was very anxious.”
”Yes, I may say so. He had no change so he pressed this 100 EURO bill in my hand.”
Luigi looked suddenly suspicious.
”How did he look?”
”Older gentleman. Maybe around 60 years. Well dressed.”
Luigi took up the A4-paper with August's picture and unfurled.
”Is that him?”
The cashier looked scared. It was as if she had identified a killer. She nodded slowly. Answered yes to Luigi's question.
”Stay here”, said Luigi.
He walked down the aisle towards the toilets. He saw that a stall was locked. Luigi took short steps, looked around the corner at the booths to see if the window was open. It was not.
”Scusi, Signor.”
Luigi unbuttoned his holster to his service pistol.
”Are you okay?”
August was completely paralyzed by fear. Prayed that he wouldn´t believe he was there.
He saw the police´s black shoes under the door.
Luigi knocked.
”Scusi, signor. Everything all right?”
His voice was right next to the door.
August could almost feel his breath.
August did not answer. He held his breath.
Luigi knocked again. Repeated the question sharply. He sounded irritated.
August's shirt smeared him and stuck against his back.
August clung to his legs harder and harder with his arms.
Moved the feet further into the toilet seat.

Luigi took up a small pocket knife. He brought it to the door.
August heard how it was scratching the lock on the door. The knob turned a little to the left. He reached out and held back. Sweat dripped from his forehead to the floor. He slid the thumb on the lock.
The woman at the counter was standing further up the aisle and looked anxiously towards the booths. A colleague stood by, the woman picked up the paper as Luigi left on the counter, said something and pointed to the booths. Her colleague put a hand over her mouth.
Luigi felt that August held the lock. He lost his patience. He put down the knife and had backed off two steps. He held the gun along his side. He pulled back to kick in the door.

It crackled in Luigi´s radio. He backed into the corridor. Spoke in Italian. Asked what was going on.
August heard someone say in Italian.
”We have a signal. Nearby Campo!”
He heard Luigi protest.
Luigi looked toward the stall. The police radio repeated the location of the signal.
He hesitated but decided quickly.

Luigi ran up the aisle and snatched the paper from the cashier. He decided that he didn´t trust her.
He ran out of the hallway and the turnstile. Shouted in his radio that they would narrow the field. He drew up the phone. Phoned Wagner and Smith. Told them what was going on while he ran the short distance to Piazza del Campo.

August gently opened the stall. The corridor was empty. He took the paper and wiped his forehead. He walked past the souvenir shop and looked straight ahead. The cashier stared at him.
He avoided her gaze and slipped out of the cathedral.

*

Ludwig immediately shut the phone off when August phoned him. He waited for the onslaught of police officers. Because they were not looking for him, he went against the tide of people. Several police officers came running. The police in the cathedral was about to run into him. Ludwig walked with his eyes on the ground. Hands in pockets. Looked back toward the piazza after a few meters.
The policemen looked perplexed.
They ran around and looked under the stairs and in the streets around the piazza. Came back with their hands in the air.
He met up with August at the cathedral's long side.
”Let's go. Right away!” said August.
They hurried away to a taxi. The lion in the mosaic appeared in the mind of both of them when they said where they were going.
”Drive us to Oltrarno in Florence”, said August in Italian.

[ Notes October 25 ]

Ella
I'm in Rome, I arrived in the afternoon to Stazione Termini after a few days in Florence. On the train, and at the hotel Palazzo Magnani Feroni I stayed at in Florence, I took the time to really read through the Manuscript once again. It has bothered me from the beginning and I don´t understand if I've got it wrong, or if there´s a big misunderstanding, but now I´m starting to feel more on top of the matter, especially after Stephen, my old editor at the Times, also read the parts that have puzzled me. I'm still not sure if it´s consciously or unconsciously because I felt deceived the first and the second time I read it, like Coetzee tried to trick me. I need to read it again and check with Stephen. One thing is certainly clear, Coetzee is lying about the whole thing, or he doesn´t know about it, I don´t know which is worse.


Notes

