The Vullens’ Curse


Natasha House

Illustrated by Stephanie House

Books by Natasha House

Citizen
Zara

The Jade Series
The Vullens’ Curse
The Deities’ Touch
The Vision-Stone 

Grace Alive Series
Grace Alive
Grace Unbroken



© 2014 Natasha House 
Smashwords edition
All rights reserved. This book contains material protected under International and Federal Copyright Laws and Treaties. Any unauthorized reprint or use of this material is prohibited. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system without express written permission from the author/publisher
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.
Café House Publishing


For Jeana and Stephanie
You inspired me to embark into a world of fantasy.
Chapter 1
Otsana
Dredge Forest


Hot ragged breath tore from Otsana’s long, muddy muzzle as her oversized paws thudded against the lush underbrush. Light from the two moons, Galia and Rapha, reflected in her black eyes, as she zigzagged around moss covered trees and low hanging branches, animals scattering in her wake. A sharp sound like that of nails scraping over rocks jerked her ragged furry head to the side. Her lips curled back in a menacing snarl, her fur standing on end. Silence washed over her. What is that? 
The she-Wolfinic’s eyes pierced the looming darkness. A maniacal laugh bounced off the shadowed trees and hit her full force like a rogue wind. Otsana crouched, a low, threatening growl reverberating in the back of her throat. Her claws protracted, digging into the soft soil beneath. How come I can’t see you? Her mind felt clouded—her visions choppy and unclear.
“Where are you going, Wolfinic?” sang out a melodic voice, rising from the midst of the darkness that seeped behind her heels. Silver fog made rivulets around the ankles of a dark-cloaked figure that emerged as if an apparition.
“This is our domain,” Otsana snarled, flashing her sharp teeth. She dipped her head down and prowled toward the creature. “You have no business here. Get off our land or be forced to leave.”
The cloaked man laughed again. The sound was so piercingly sweet that it hurt her ears. Otsana’s eyes glowed white as future visions of herself in pain exploded through her consciousness. I have to get out of here! Now!
She turned and bolted forward through the forest, howling in anxiety. An eerie melody coming from the creature’s mouth chased behind her, rising in a high-pitched frequency. Otsana’s eyes remained transfixed in fear as she scampered from out of sight of the phantom. She heard the echo of dark laughter as she narrowly escaped with her life.

Otsana made it back to her village with memories of the cloaked figure streaking through her mind. Why didn’t I see that creature in one of my visions? It looked like a Vullen, a race she knew very little about. She’d only heard the foreign race mentioned once or twice since she’d been born, and that was in hushed tones. They have become a myth to my people. A nightmare to frighten pups.
She thought back to the terrifying visions of seeing her body twisted in pain on the ground. She hadn’t seen what the Vullen would do—was it possible that a Vullen could block a Wolfinic’s foresight? She shuddered, and her eyes closed for a mere moment. Vullens hadn’t been seen in her lifetime. Maybe I’m wrong about the creature—I hope I’m wrong.
The cloaked creatures loved death, and where they were, death followed. Normally, she wouldn’t wander so far into the Dredge Forest, but for some odd reason she had today. 
Otsana’s heart continued to pound as she walked through her village. The trees seemed to be older, more majestic, and hold legends in their gnarled bark where her tribe had settled. Wolfinics of all ages played, barked, and talked to each other all around her. Her long tail swished the brushwood beneath her paws; little scomperoos darted in fear between the long strands of her matted fur. She dipped her nose down and scooped up a mouthful of them, enjoying the crunch with a smack of her lips. It took about a thousand of the tiny rodents before she was satisfied, but she enjoyed a light snack. 
Half skewed huts lay like broken glass around her, jutting out with bits of metal, rock, wood, and anything else the tribe could gather. The Wolfinics kept to themselves, staying away from the villages and the other races on Jade. 
Otsana nudged a nearby pup that was playing too close to an older pup, who tended to bite. 
“Give him space.” She chuckled and licked the pup’s ear. The little, dirty, white pup yipped affectionately and bounded in the opposite direction. Otsana grinned for a moment, but the thought of the Vullen still disturbed her. Is he a threat to my village? She scowled as she saw two pups fighting over a scrap of meat.
“There is plenty for all.” She tore the tendon apart and tossed a piece to each pup. They scarfed down their meal and continued to nip at each other. Pups. She shook her head with amusement as she came across several mothers, their young suckling. 
“Otsana! I see you’re back from your trek!” a female said. A chubby pup drank from her milk.
“Yes, I’ve been restless today,” Otsana called back.
The mother knocked her pup a little to the side with her paw; his suckling was too eager.
“Relax, Oin. It isn’t going to go away.” The mother nestled the pup back against her.
“You shouldn’t wander so far from the village, Otsana,” an elderly voice barked. Elder Pois, a white Wolfinic with a black nose and strands of hair falling in her eyes, nudged her gently. Otsana returned the affection, nudging back with her nose and rubbing against the side of the elder’s wide head. The memory of her encounter played like a nightmare before Otsana once again.
“I encountered what I believe was a Vullen.” Her eyes narrowed in suspicion. “Have you heard of such a thing coming so close to us before, Elder Pois?” Otsana asked. Her tongue licked her chops with nervous energy. 
“I had thought the Vullens had died out. They’ve never crossed into our land before. Perhaps there was a sign which we have disregarded over the years.” A silence stretched between them for a few moments. Worry crossed the elder’s expression, and Otsana saw a vision of Pois pouring over ancient scrolls. 
“Have a good evening, Elder.” Otsana bowed, licked Pois goodbye, and broke into a run, hurrying to get home to her mate. 
Otsana slowed down as she reached her hut. Her nose sniffed the early morning air for signs of her mate Mur. He seemed to be out. He had been hunting more for her since she’d found out some good news a few months ago. She grinned and felt movement in her womb. Shema would be born in six years. She wanted everything to be perfect for her new pup. 
She agilely avoided old carcasses as she came over the threshold of her home. She scooted piles of bones to one side, clearing off the mossy floor. I’ll clean the hut later. She slumped down onto a pile of soft gray furs and pulled one up over her body with her teeth. A scomperoo scurried out of the furry bed, where it had thought a soft resting place would be. She didn’t have the energy to eat it as she watched it run away. Three little babies flitted behind it; their short stubby legs, pointed noses, and long tails thumped the floor. Her eyes fluttered closed.  

Elder Pois

Darkness inked over the village; the moons’ light cast long shadows over Elder Pois as she walked silently outside each hut. She searched vision after vision, trying to see what she had missed. A Vullen? She stood outside Otsana’s hut for a moment longer than the others. The female Wolfinic was more intuitive than most. Elder Pois had a hard time seeing the destiny of this one—it kept changing. At times a dark path littered her visions, and Elder Pois would shudder at the outcome. 
She prayed to El’yi that Otsana and her small pup would stay under the protection of the tribe. She moved forward, her feet crunching discarded bones left from someone’s meal. The scampering creatures of the forest in the background droned, the soft trickling of the village creek was a soothing melody to her ancient ears. 
She came to her own hut and slipped inside. She sniffed the air absentmindedly, her paws moving aside bent pieces of metal and stone. 
It had been a long time since she’d gotten wind of a Vullen. She searched her memories, trying to place the right one. She had been no older than a pup when her mama and papa had fought bravely against one. The golden-skinned creatures relished death and destruction. She had watched the affects of the Vullen’s song on her tribe. 
She remembered running through the thick forest and hiding in an old hollow tree away from the battlegrounds. Her papa had told her a story of how the high Deity El’yi had taken revenge on the cloaked creatures for their destruction. The affects of that day still resounded in Pois. 
She finally found what she was searching for and picked up a scroll with her claws. She set it on her table and sighed softy to herself. I thought I’d never see another Vullen again. She carefully unrolled the scroll and poured over the ancient stories. 
In the ancient days, the cloaked creatures swept across Jade and started killing relentlessly. To put a stop to it, El’yi banished them to a certain domain within the Dredge Forest. Elder Pois kept reading the ancient scroll, dim lights flickering shadows around her like dancing Deities. 
She scanned the pages, gasping, her pupils dilating and turning white with visions. She moaned softly. When it passed, she poured over the scroll once more. The visions were subject to change, they might never see the dark creatures again, but the slight chance made her keep at her tedious work.
Chapter 2
Fressa
Dredge Forest
Vullen Village



Like a doghin to his master, a cold bristling wind followed the dark-cloaked Vullen. Fressa glanced up at the moons, his clear colored eyes and dark pupils dilating with pleasure. He soaked up the night’s beauty as he made his way back toward his village. 
He could feel the curse of the high Deity El’yi puckering his skin—reminding him of the sins of his people. He grimaced in annoyance. He had stepped just outside the border of his village, but he hadn’t killed anything. Yet. 
Seeing the Wolfinic and teasing her with his song was just tampering with El’yi. He couldn’t help himself. He stroked the stringy, coarse, black mane of the dark purple furred animal that’d waited patiently for him. The dellian was as tall as him, his hind feet sported claws that dug into the dirt, and big soulless eyes stared intelligently at him.
“We have been seen, Shaka.” As if he was weightless, Fressa swung his leg up on his pet, his body molding to Shaka’s curved back, making them appear as if they were one entity. “We have been seen.” A chuckle like that of metal on metal came out of the Vullen’s throat.

The wind gossiped through the dark branches, as Fressa rode silently past the Vullen border. Shaka stomped over the mossy black and green fungi, branches snapping under his two feet, nostrils flaring at the sound of approaching footsteps. 
Fressa patted the dellian’s long, graceful neck. He grabbed the twisted, wild horns of the animal and gave them a good rub. Shaka calmed down immediately at the touch. A silver-cloaked man, with golden skin, long golden nails, and a concerned look on his face approached. His white hair curled wildly out the sides of his hood like a swirling cloud. 
Fressa looked past the elder to see several women silently striding by. Their cloaks were a variety of dark shades, and their wild hair spilled out the edges of their hoods. If only his own wife were as perfect as these creatures. Bored expressions covered their faces as children darted around them; their jubilant calls to one another filled the edgy silence. The ends of each Vullens’ cloaks were lost in a silver swirling mist.
“Are you maddened by your lust, Fressa?” Elder Glon asked. Fressa slid off Shaka and led him to his stall. He grabbed the dellian’s reins tightly when a child darted under his pet like a scomperoo. Fressa’s mouth curved into a sick, satisfied smile.
“No, but perhaps I shook the seer race today. I was just having some fun, Elder Glon. El’yi’s curse caused minimal damage.” He lifted his black cloak to reveal several dark shaded bruises on his shoulder. “I’m sick of this curse,” Fressa said.
“If you respected the high Deity, you would leave his favorites alone. What if you had killed one? You would have angered the high Deity more than he already is.” Elder Glon gave the young Vullen a worried look.
“You worry too much what El’yi can do. Have you ever thought that maybe he has forgotten about us and will let us leave this wretched place? Our children know nothing about our world. All they know is the darkness of the Dredge Forest.”
“They aren’t unhappy here unlike you, Fressa. Your death lust will cause chaos. Leave El’yi’s races alone. Move on, enjoy your wife, and your soon-to-be child.”
“What kind of place am I going to bring him into? We feed on spores!” Fressa kicked at the mushroom-infested ground that grew around their feet. The fungus exploded in clumps and fell to the ground unceremoniously. 
“You should have your wounds looked at.” Glon’s long fingernails clacked together. The younger man walked toward the healing tent, an annoyed expression covering his face. 
“The young,” Glon muttered, and moved toward his tent, silver mist slithering around his feet.
***
“Why must you test him, Fressa. Look at you!” Fressa’s wife Asha scolded him as he stepped into the healing tent. Asha was a practiced healer and very far along with child. Her dark purple cloak hung around her shoulders, and her hood masked most of her shimmering golden face and sapphire locks. Her right hand rested on her swollen abdomen, the other ushered him to a chair made out of black gnarled roots. 
She clucked at him in disapproval, peeled his cloak from his shoulders, and set it on a hook against the back wall. Fressa shivered involuntarily, feeling exposed and raw, even though it was only in front of his wife and unborn child. Asha’s graceful long fingers brushed his wounds carefully, her voice singing whisper soft. 
Fressa could immediately feel the healing affects of the melody and smiled. He wasn’t sure where his wife had learned the song, but it seemed to come in handy when he was reckless. Which was all the time. Pretty soon, the wounds completely disappeared. 
“Stop endangering yourself, Fressa. The baby is due anytime now. I need you here for her birth.” Asha fiddled with a bottle of herbs, her body stiff with anger.
“Her? It’s going to be a boy.” He put his hand on his wife’s swollen belly and felt movement. 
“No, it’s a girl. Her name is Deilia,” Asha cooed to her unborn baby.
Suddenly, a dark and hungry look swept over Fressa’s face as a realization hit him. “Asha, it’s almost time to begin. Are you ready?” He could see the disapproval in his wife’s eyes.
“Why do you relish in the deaths? Eventually our people must learn to separate themselves from their lusts.” Asha threw his cloak at him. “Cloak yourself. I don’t wish to see you exposed.” Her anger was evident, but Fressa didn’t care as he slipped the comfortable material back around him. Asha’s beliefs were foreign and unnatural. Vullens craved death—it was the way things had always been. Torturing a creature until they died was something he desired. 
“Fine, but our son will learn to love it as I do.” His cloak fluttered behind him as he stepped into the cool night air.
“Daughter,” Asha hissed.

Otsana
Wolfinic Village
Dredge Forest

A loud slurp woke Otsana from her short nap. She lifted her nose up into the air and snuffled in annoyance. She heard a soft chuckle.
“Hello, darling. Sleep well?” Mur grinned at her, tearing apart the animal he’d brought for dinner. Chunks of bloody meat slapped the ground in front of her nose.
“I dreamt of her, Mur. She’s going to be so beautiful.” Otsana hungrily gulped down the pieces of raw meat. 
“Of course she will be beautiful. Look at her mother.” Mur pounced on his wife, his tongue licking her with passion.
“You are in good spirits!”
“Who can blame me? I have you and our soon-to-be pup that will grace the world!” He rolled her onto her stomach and nosed her belly, his black eyes warm and caring. Otsana nipped at his ear and playfully tugged him toward her. 
“Say goodnight to Shema.” 
Mur put his nose close to Otsana’s black-copper fur.
“Good night, sweetie.” 
***
Otsana walked with astute steps toward the center of the village. The morning light was peeking through the trees, teasing her fur with splotches of golden warmth. Her visions were alive with fury, but she set them aside and concentrated on the moment around her. Every morning her tribe gathered to play and to converse about their visions. The thought of the Vullen was like a dull annoyance in the back of her mind, but she dismissed it. If Elder Pois wasn’t worried, then neither would she be. Mur had still been asleep when she awoke, so she’d let him rest a little while longer. He had been working hard for her and their pup-to-be. 
“Good morning, Otsana!” a cheery voice greeted her. She walked by a light gray furred female that was dragging the carcass of her next meal.
“Good morning, Sage!”
Sage grinned at her, blood stains on her muzzle.
“When is that pup due?” 
“Soon!” The pup rolled inside her happily at the sound of her voice. Wolfinics around her began to converse. Pups rolled in the dirt, their happy yips and barks ringing. Otsana strolled over to the group of females that were talking and keeping an eye on their little ones.
“I trust you slept well, my dear,” Elder Pois said, her white tail swishing.
“Yes, thank you, Elder. Any new thoughts about the creature I saw?” Otsana asked, picking up the undertone of worry that Elder Pois was carrying.
“I do not foresee any danger with them. From what I’ve studied, the Vullen race is known to step outside our visions. Your mother knew much more than any other Wolfinic in this village about the cloaked ones.” Elder Pois nudged Otsana.
“She did jot down some of her discoveries, which I have read throughout the night. The Vullens have a death song that I encountered as a pup.” 
“I heard it, Elder, I barely escaped it. I had thought the Vullen race was cursed and had slowly died off. How is it that El’yi allowed this one into our domain?”
“Perhaps there is a way to escape their curse.”

Asha
Vullen Village
Dredge Forest

Whenever Fressa came home from watching a death, he was high with death lust. All of her tribe was. Asha held a cloth in her hand, wiping down the tables in her healer’s tent until they shone. She always avoided watching the deaths. She could sense that her beliefs were causing suspicion amongst her tribe. It wasn’t that she didn’t enjoy it. Everything within her craved to watch the slow, painful deaths of innocents. It was something else entirely that drove her to shun it. It might have been the fact that El’yi had cursed them because of their lust. Maybe it was the small child in her womb, whom she wanted to raise outside the Dredge Forest. They used to live around mountains and valleys, streams, and near fields of flowers, ages and ages ago. She remembered her father weaving her stories as a child. Now, all she had was the picture book her grandfather had made for her father. Her father had passed it down to her, to show her what lived on the planet of Jade. A cold shiver ran down her spine as Fressa stepped through the door. His face was flushed with excitement, as he swept her up in his arms and kissed her with heady passion.
“You should have been there to enjoy it, Asha. I hate it that you’re tucked away in here while we drink in all the pleasure. Please, come to the next death.” He stroked her face gently and whispered huskily, “Tonight…?” He pulled her against him. Asha knew better than to deny his requests when he was fevered with death lust. 

Fressa

Fressa lay beside his wife, who was curled up beside him asleep. Why was she so stubbornly different? How could he express the thrill of death to her? It was more pleasurable to him than intimacy with her. He would never tell her that though. He touched his unborn child and scowled slightly. What if she raised his son to be like her? What if he was an outcast amongst their people like Asha was becoming? His people whispered about her. He’d overheard one of his friends say that she wasn’t right in the head. Asha’s grandfather had been an outcast as well, and he’d passed down his beliefs to his children. He’d taught a different doctrine than that of the elders. He feared for Asha’s life if she didn’t stop her deliberate acts of defiance. He would raise his son to love death whether she approved of it or not.
Chapter 3
Asha

Asha’s rich, majestic, purple cloak fluttered behind her, as she ran clutching a small bundle in her arms. Her feet were enshrouded with a silver fog, and her face was strained in an aching look. Branches snapped recklessly as she glided through the forest. She stopped for a moment, dragging ragged breaths into her lungs. She gently unfolded the bundle in her arms, focusing on an infant. She softly stroked the baby’s golden cheek and twisted a purple lock of hair in her finger. “I don’t want you to have this life, Deilia. I want you to be free of this place. Please remember that…I love you. Grow up and despise death. Don’t let it trap you like the rest of us.” Asha clung to the small bundle for a long moment, tremors going through her body. She set the infant down in a groove of a gnarled tree; the crook easily fit the bundled child. She bent down once more and placed a kiss on the baby’s forehead. She disappeared into the night, the sound of her cloak rustling behind her. 

Fressa

Fressa stared at the empty cradle with a strange foreboding. His wife was last seen this morning with Deilia, walking into the heart of the forest. She hadn’t returned. Coldness crept down his spine, an urgency to find Asha and Deilia clawing at him. His wife hadn’t been herself since the child was born. She would walk for hours and return with Deilia covered in an odd dust. He hadn’t thought much about it, until this evening, when neither of them had returned. He had to find Deilia.
“I’m going to look for her, Elder,” Fressa said, as he pulled himself up on Shaka a few moments later. Elder Glon grabbed the reins of the dellian and pulled the nose of the critter down.
“I’m sure Deilia is fine.”
“You don’t know that.” Fressa yanked the reins back and urged Shaka into the darkness. The rotting leaves and sticks crunched like bones underfoot, as they moved quickly. Shaka sniffed the soil, trying to pick up the scent Fressa’s wife had left. The horned creature bowed suddenly, nearly making Fressa tumble off him. Shaka sniffed curiously at a body curled up on the ground. Fressa clambered off his ride. He gently turned over the figure laying face down in the leaves. Dark blue hair spilled out of the woman’s hood.
“Asha!” He scooped her up in his arms, frantically looking around for his infant child. He shook his wife harshly.
“Where is Deilia? Where? Tell me now!” Asha’s head flopped back and forth like a ragdoll, and her eyes fluttered. Fressa’s chest was rising and falling with a torrent of anger. What had she done? Her eyes finally locked onto his. He pulled back her cloak to see dark purple bruises all over her body. She’d traveled beyond their boundaries. With Deilia. Panic struck him in the chest. Where was Deilia? He dropped his wife down in the soil. In his fury he gripped her by her cloak.
“Where is she?” His nails penetrated Asha’s skin, shaking her head back and forth. 
“Safe,” she said through swollen lips. 
“Where?” 
“I don’t know.”
Fressa let go of Asha’s cloak. He slid his leg over Shaka, his body shaking with raw fear and hatred.
“Find her, Shaka. You have to find Deilia.” His pet growled at him and dove deeper into the Dredge Forest. 
Every moment lost, Fressa could feel his daughter’s life slipping away from him. Asha’s sick notion to free his child from the curse was like a blade twisting in his gut. What would he do with Asha if he found his daughter dead and littered with El’yi’s curse? He moaned inwardly and urged Shaka quicker through the dark underbrush. The animal suddenly reared back like he’d been burnt with fire. Fressa patted his side.
“What?” he said. Shaka shook his head back and forth as if disagreeing. “Where’s Deilia, Shaka? We have to keep moving!” Fressa bit his nails into the animal’s side.
“Move on!” Fressa sang a sharp song to his pet. The dellian obediently began to move forward into the dense trees. Fressa had never had to use the obedience song on Shaka before. It disturbed him, but he had to find his infant daughter. 
Shaka lifted his head and headed toward the territory where the Deities roamed freely. Why would Asha bring their daughter where a Deity could harm her? His anger boiled at his wife. Shaka was never wrong, so he urged his pet into the Deities’ land and immediately felt the curse boring down on him. Pain split his body like someone had stuck him in a boiling pot. He gasped as Shaka came to rest several feet into the territory; his snorts restless. His claws scraped the ground with indignation. 
“Stay there.” Fressa cautiously made his way toward the groove of twisted, ancient trees. He didn’t hear anything, which brought a greater fear than if he’d heard Deilia screaming. Perhaps she was already dead. A fresh wave of hot pain swept his skin, and he briefly noticed the dark purple bruises that were spreading. Suddenly, his eyes caught sight of a glowing, translucent figure with flaming red hair. She was hovering over something that seemed to be tucked into the nook of a tree. Fressa scrambled toward the sight. He got within a few feet of the Deity. The Deity suddenly looked up at him with an intense stare. Her glowing orb-like-eyes swept over him. She reached down toward the tree and touched something. A whimper reverberated, making Fressa’s heart stop. Did he just witness his baby’s death? Devastation hit him full force. The Deity woman dematerialized like a vapor; her red hair snuffed out like a candle in the wind. He came to the nook of the tree. He heard sniffling and peered down at a small flailing bundle. Deilia. He reached down with an aching gasp and pulled the child to his chest. She immediately tried to suckle him, which brought a smile to his face. 
“Oh, thank El’yi!” He was all too aware of El’yi’s curse upon him; the pain was spreading rapidly. He ran toward Shaka, the precious cargo held tightly against him and climbed upon his pet’s back. 
“Home.” 
***
“It has to be done!” Fressa slammed his fist down on a table, shaking the wooden bowls that rested on it. 
Elder Glon sighed heavily. “This is a weighty matter, Fressa. Are you sure you are willing to make this decision?”
“She took her to the Deities’ territory. What else can I do? What if she does it again? El’yi spared my daughter, but will he be so willing to spare her once more? It nearly killed me, Elder. Asha is mad. It must be done.”
“It has been a long time since we’ve sacrificed our own blood.” Glon drew out each word. “No one has ever thrown their child to the Deities like this before. We need to think this through for some time.”
“What if she steals Deilia again? Will you still be thinking things through, Elder?” Fressa’s face splotched with heat.
“You are willing to kill Asha for the sake of your child?” Glon asked again for the third time. Fressa had dragged his wife back home and had fiercely punished her. 
“I am not willing for that woman to bring death upon my heir. She is maddened in her mind. Perhaps we should leave her in El’yi’s arms. Let her die on his cursed ground.” Fressa shook with passion and turned his face away from the elder.
“It is your ultimate decision, Fressa. Are you willing to raise your child upon this action?”
Fressa was still recovering from the deep wounds he’d received from stepping outside the Vullen border. “She must be put to death.” Fressa stood abruptly to his feet and stormed out of the elder’s home.
Deilia wailed unceasingly as Fressa came home and slammed the door behind him. Asha was sitting in the corner staring at nothing in particular; her cloak had slipped off and laid like a used rag on the ground. Her golden skin was gleaming with sweat; her dark blue hair spilled half way down her back. Bruises ran down the length of her arms and legs. Some were afflicted by the curse and others by Fressa. At one time, he would have given anything to see his wife the way she portrayed herself to him this moment. Now, it just made him sick to look at her. He came over to the cradle and picked up the infant girl. Fressa held Deilia to his chest and soothed her cries with a soft song in her ear. 
“I will care for her, Fressa. I will take her.” Asha rose to her feet. He glared at her.
“You are not touching her,” Fressa said, side stepping her. Deilia made a sucking sound with her tiny lips, and Fressa knew he would have to get a wet nurse if the child was going to live. 
“Please, Fressa. I won’t hurt our baby.”
“You tried to kill her, Asha. You put her in the hands of the Deities!” Fressa’s hand slapped harshly against Asha’s cheek. She put a hand to her face, her eyes growing dark.
“I want to give her a better life than this! This is a cage! I want her to be free to not live in fear of El’yi and his curse. I want her to walk free of the death lust.”
“The pleasure of death is something we enjoy, Asha. You can’t steal that away from our daughter.” Fressa peered into Deilia’s tiny face. Her eyes were wide with innocence. She puckered her lips at him and grabbed at his cloak. She was so small. Why would Asha want to hurt her? He thought of the red-haired Deity and grimaced. 
“The danger you put our daughter in, is what is forcing my hand.” Fressa tucked Deilia against his chest and stared into his wife’s eyes. “Your death is being planned.”
***
Fressa couldn’t pull his eyes away as Asha was forced to go beyond the safe borders of the Vullen territory to where the Deities walked. Her pain was evident as she crumpled to her knees and begged for forgiveness. She tried to persuade him to let her cross back over the border to raise their daughter. The splotches from the curse swept her body until she was covered in them. Fressa’s lips curled in a sick, satisfied smile. He and his village watched her torture. The lust of watching his own wife’s death made him consider something she said. Maybe they were trapped by the consumption of death. He still enjoyed it as Asha writhed on the ground in her final moments of life. 
“She won’t enjoy it, Fressa. I’ve seen to that,” Asha wailed, her nails scraping the ground in an attempt to cross over. She was forced back. Her eyes filled with fear as coldness gripped her soul and the final breath left her lips.
Chapter 4
Deilia
Dredge Forest
6 years later



The dew wet Deilia’s face as she walked through the Dredge Forest. She heard a crack and looked down to see a scorched branch. She picked it up with her long nails and stared at it for a moment with interest. Her dark purple hair hung wild around her shoulders; her iridescent eyes took in every detail of the simple branch. 
“What have you found, Deilia?” arose a voice from behind her. A shimmery being floated; her translucent form flitted from tree to tree. The woman’s red hair drifted around her, and her pale skin was dotted with green specks. Her elegant body twisted around a branch.
“A stick.” Deilia turned the scorched branch over in her hand. Her head tipped to one side. The trees around them shrieked like a child; the other Deities wanting to get close to Deilia. The red-haired apparition shooed them away with annoyance.
“So needy,” she chastised them. Her long legs kicked in the air, and she floated down to rest several feet in front of Deilia. She opened her mouth, and a sweet melody began to drift through the air. Deilia watched in awe as wind sprites danced around Shuro. Their tiny fingers twisted in the locks of the Deity’s glorious hair. The wind sprites flowing and ever changing colorful hair seemed to mold together with the woman on the wind. 
“How do you sing with them? I want to learn,” Deilia said eagerly. Her small hands rose toward the wind sprites.
“You must not touch them right now, Deilia. They will only inflict you. You must first finish learning the healing song, and then I shall teach you the song of the wind.” Shuro walked upward on the air. The wind sprites followed her into the depths of the tallest trees. They released her locks and flew into the darkness of the branches. Shuro twisted several times in the air and landed in front of Deilia with little effort. “You need to return home now. Your father is looking for you.” Shuro placed a gentle kiss on the young Vullen girl’s forehead. A small mark glowed for a mere moment before molding into Deilia’s skin. Deilia carefully tucked the branch inside a pouch at her side and glided over the forest floor easily. 
“Good day, Shuro,” Deilia said over her shoulder to the Deity. She raced back to her village. 

Fressa

“I swear I can’t keep that girl in my grasp.” Fressa dug his fingers into a morsel of meat while seated at Elder Glon’s table. The house was maddened with ancient artifacts as old as Jade. Fressa tried not to look at El’yi’s curse that had been engraved in a stone. Why Elder Glon had kept it in his own home Fressa couldn’t understand. To be constantly reminded of their imprisonment would drive him mad. Drying mushrooms were littered along roughly hewn wooden shelves. Branches of a rare, white glossmer tree were carved into hooks for the elder to hang his several cloaks on. Fressa hadn’t made himself a new cloak since the day he’d put Asha to death. He needed the reminder to keep himself from straying with his daughter. She was so flighty. He feared she had the same touched mind as her mother. 
“She’s a child, Fressa. Let her run.” 
“That’s what I’m worried about. She was barely a month old, Elder Glon, when her mother dropped her off in the middle of the Deities’ territory. Or don’t you remember?” 
The elder was silent. He remembered the death of Asha well. It still disturbed him. He lifted a mug of hot tea to his lips, the steam dancing through the air.
“Perhaps the red-haired Deity inflicted her with a wandering mind,” Fressa said, holding up a dripping mushroom with disgust. 
“I remember it just fine. The babe was only gone for a few hours. She wasn’t harmed. Though I dare say you inflicted quite the judgment on her mother.”
“You all enjoyed her untimely death, did you not?” Fressa said.
“Deilia is still young. She will learn to love death as we all do. Maybe you should give her a bit more freedom.” Elder Glon had seen the fear that Deilia had for her father. Perhaps that fear was what was driving the child to stray. 
“She has enough freedom as it is,” Fressa said fiercely.

Deilia

Deilia slipped inside her house holding her pouch against her chest as if holding a treasure. She looked to make sure no one else was around and then slipped out the scorched branch, a chipped stone, and a withered golden flower. She stared at them one at a time, her small hands delicately touching them. She closed her eyes and her mouth opened. An eerily beautiful melody began to drift from her lips. She touched the branch with her fingers as the song filled the atmosphere of the dimly lit room. The branch began to slowly shift color. First it was black, then dark brown, then a lighter shade of brown, until peeks of green shown through. She smiled with satisfaction and touched the stone, a new song forming on her lips. It was a sadder tune with a wild melody that twisted and turned in a strange dance. The rock began to shift colors as well. A blue orb formed around the chip until the rock was completely made whole again. She squealed in delight and clasped her hands together. 
“Deilia?” A harsh tone made her jump. She shoved the contents back in her pouch and went to her door.
“Yes, Father?”
“Where have you been, it’s already high noon.”
She opened the door and stared up at her dark-haired father.
“In the forest.” She brushed her toe against the mossy floor. She hoped he wouldn’t be mad. 
“Why are you wandering alone in the forest? It’s not safe for you there without me.” He stepped into her room and looked around. “I heard singing. Were you practicing your songs?” He eyed her suspiciously. He’d been trying to teach her the death song for months now, but she never fully grasped the melody. 
“Yes.” She looked down at her feet. Fressa could sense she was hiding something but left it at that. At least she was singing something. He turned and left the room, his cloak fluttering behind him. 

Deilia watched the other Vullen children with little interest in their play. Their voices carried melodic tunes that pierced the afternoon.
“Deilia, come on! We’ve found a Worge to sing to!” said a small boy with glistening blond hair. Deilia’s eyes narrowed in irritation. Why would they sing death to a child who’d barely begun life? Worges were dolt creatures, who tended to stray into Vullen territory from time to time.
“Come on, Deilia, we won’t kill it. Just tease it with death!” The boy pulled something out of his cloak and landed it before the group of children. A gray skinned creature, with furry ears, a skinny tail, and a short snout lay sprawled on the ground shivering in fear. It was very, very young. Deilia could sense his terror at the sight of the cloaked children. His tiny hind feet extended and claws suddenly appeared. His snout grew slightly and sharp fangs appeared in his mouth. The Worge had some fight in him. He jumped onto his feet and hissed at them. Deilia watched with little interest. This type of thing happened every so often. It had been awhile since she’d seen a Worge come into their domain. Almost every living thing kept out of the Vullen territory. The Vullen children all laughed as the Worge tried to jump at them with swipes of his claws. Dren, the boy who had hidden the child in his cloak, let the little Worge advance toward him.
“Come and get me!” he taunted with a cruel smile on his lips. The child Worge slashed and jumped at Dren. Dren dodged to the side, letting the little Worge have his chance of fighting him off. After several minutes, Deilia could tell Dren got tired of the game. He nodded to several of the other Vullen children who opened their mouths in a dark toned song. Deilia recoiled. She always hated this part. The Worge squealed, and instantly fell to the ground. He writhed in anguish; his hands wildly thrashing. Dren chuckled under his breath. The song built louder. One of Deilia’s friends pulled her forward. 
“Come on, Deilia, join our song. It’s easy.” The girl began to sing again, and Deilia let the tune form in her throat. The Worge’s eyes fluttered, and his body convulsed wildly. She thought they weren’t going to let the little Worge die. She stopped singing at once. Her heart flipped as his claws retracted. His snout shortened once again, and his tongue lolled out of the side of his mouth. She could faintly hear his heart growing weaker. She approached Dren with an angry scowl.
“You said he wasn’t going to die!” she said, as the song grew louder and more intense. Dren turned toward her and with a final note ended the song. 
“I lied.” He chuckled darkly. He turned his face back toward the Worge as the creature drew his last breath. Deilia stared at the body, feeling small and insignificant amongst her friends. How come she didn’t enjoy death as everyone else did? Was there something wrong with her? 
***
“I heard about the death today. Did you take part in it, Deilia?” Fressa asked as he scooped stew into a bowl for himself and his daughter.
“Yes,” Deilia said quietly, fidgeting at the table. She hid her face from him.
“Remove your hood, I wish to see you.”
Deilia slid her fingers under her cloak and pulled it back. Her wild purple hair hung partway down her back and touched her round face.
“Did you join the death song?”
“No. I did not sing it,” she said bravely. Fressa saw that she wanted to hide her face from him. Perhaps Glon was right. Did he demand too much of the child? She was barely weaned. He saw the fear written on her expression. He didn’t respond back just scooped the stew into his mouth, his thoughts wild. Maybe his child was not a pure blooded Vullen. Her mother had been odd as well.
Chapter 5
King Lowen
Neuge City
Icer Domain

Cold, hard laughter rang throughout the stark white castle walls. Ice sculptures with cruel faces stared with blank expressions at a Zare woman. She toted a young boy behind her. Tremors started to roll through her body as the cool wind blew through the castle, which had been converted into a trading center. It rested on the line between Icer domain and Zare territory. It was not cold enough to kill her but enough to make her tremble so hard she feared death. Her young son whined beside her, unaware of what she’d been planning since his father had abandoned him with her. She’d been in debt since the boy was born. She had not wanted a son—she hadn’t wanted any children. 
Icer guards with cruel, narrow eyes, sharp noses, peaked ears, and icy white skin watched her go by without expression. They were clothed in simple black suits and a silver belt encrusted with a black stone. She supposed these guards saw thousands of Zares go through these halls. 
She came upon a black wooden door, frightening creatures she’d never seen before were engraved in the smooth, glossy wood. Her son gasped in terror as she clutched his hand harder, the guards shoving the door open for her. 
A figure sat on a silver throne, strumming his long, icy fingers. The woman Zare approached him with a bow of her head. Her white hair was streaked with blue; her blue-golden eyes stared up at him with a pleading look. She wore a pale pink dress that touched the marble floor.
“King Lowen, I have come to barter with you,” she said. A sculpture was carved above the throne of a horrifying beast, causing her to look away.
“I’m listening. Continue,” his deep voice rumbled.
“My husband has overwhelmed our household with debt. We don’t have the means to care for our son, let alone ourselves.” She saw his eyes flicker to the young boy then back to her tanned face. “Please, take my son, so that I may pay off my great debt. He shall do anything you desire.” She bowed low to the ground. 
King Lowen’s thin lips curled into a malicious smile. His black hair was neatly combed back, a perfectly groomed goatee graced his chin, and a golden ring glinted on his icy white finger. He enjoyed this part. The groveling. His father’s words still rang in his mind even after all these years, ‘Zares deserve the life of a slave. Remember what they did to our people, son. Make them grovel. Make them beg for their pathetic life.’ Unfortunately, he didn’t have all of the Zares as slaves. Only the ones who found themselves steeped in debt. He bought their sons, daughters, mothers and fathers. He bought them, and then mutilated them into mindless drones that no longer resembled the warm blooded race. His eyes flickered to the left corner where a Zare slave was sweeping. Her eyes were a milky white, and her once white and colored hair a dull brown. The woman before him had stopped talking. He brought his attention back to her desperate face.
“I will take your son,” he said the words like a hammer. 
“Thank you, thank you, for helping me with my debt.”
The young boy with white and purple streaked hair was brought forth; his purple-golden eyes wide with fear. The woman was crying as she kissed her son goodbye. She walked out of the castle, a bag of jingling coin in her hand.
“Mad’ra!” the boy’s voice broke with betrayal. 
Nahor

“You promised!” a whiney girly voice said. Her lip jutted out in a pout. The brown-haired girl eyed an Icer young man with a piteous look on her pale face. Nahor chuckled under his breath. His black hair was spiked messily down the center of his head giving him a carefree appearance, despite his sharp features. To see this girl pout was priceless. Thank El’yi he was leaving for school soon. He wouldn’t have to deal with this relationship anymore. He wore an open necked, dark green shirt, with gold stitching, and black trousers. 
“I promised nothing, Natli,” he teased her. He blew his cool breath on her and nuzzled her neck. 
“You promised me that you weren’t going back to that awful school again. I want you here with me.” She swiped her chestnut colored hair off her shoulders and blinked her aqua blue eyes at him. She came and rested her hand on his shoulder. “I’ll make it worth it, Prince,” she said. The dark blue folds of her dress slipped down her pale shoulder. Women, he thought. Nahor was ready to get out of this iced over prison. His father had dried up his current funds, calling what he did, lush living. He was a prince for El’yi’s sake. Couldn’t he at least have fun? He walked away from the clingy girl and pressed his finger to the windowpane. The snow swirled outside in a flurry. If he concentrated hard enough he could make out the center of Neuge City. The city was as old as Jade itself. Nahor remembered asking his father how the glistening, silver buildings, with their majestic pinnacles had gotten there. Most of the answers his father gave him were long and drawn out, so he lost interest halfway through. The sooner he got out of here the better. 
“Nahor!” His baby sister Stelane bounded in with a big smile on her round face. She was still a child in many ways but boasted womanhood at thirteen. Her dark brown curls hung down just past her shoulders, and her amethyst colored eyes glinted with amusement. “Watch this, brother!” She held a golden feathered bird, with a beak over a foot long, and splashes of aqua blue accenting his entire body. The green legs of the bird were awkwardly sprawled out in Stelane’s arms. “I trained him,” she said, with an air of confidence in her little pet. Nahor inclined his head toward her, amused by her excitement. Natli crossed her arms and scowled at the interruption. Nahor ravished in it. 
“I’m watching, Cheeks,” he called her by her childhood nickname. She glared at him. She hated that name. He chuckled as she turned her attention back to the golden gracor bird. 
“Glimmer, retrieve!” She lifted her arm. The bird flew into the air, his magnificent wingspan stretching out several feet. Glimmer turned toward a far desk, where a package sat neatly wrapped. His wings made a whoosh noise as he swooped in. He grabbed the parcel by the tightly tied string and flew back across the room. The gracor landed the package in Stelane’s hands and settled back on her shoulder with a purring sound. Nahor’s eyes went wide. He’d never seen that bird do a thing except poop in his cage. 



“Isn’t he amazing?” Stelane practically shouted, jumping off the ground and startling Glimmer back into the air. He circled above their heads with an anxious purring noise. 
“That was truly remarkable, Stelane.” He kissed the top of her wild curls, and she beamed with pride. It didn’t take much to make his baby sister happy. Natli suddenly walked over to him and grabbed him by the elbow.
“We were trying to have a conversation, Princess. Excuse us!” she huffed and dragged Nahor toward the door. Stelane put a hand over her mouth, stifling a giggle. Her brother made a funny mocking face at her as he was dragged away. 
King Lowen

Queen Gal’adryl lifted a ragdoll up into the air examining it with a critical eye.
“You need your hair brushed properly now.” She picked up a small brush meant for a child and began to run the bristles down the doll’s golden hair. She brushed it until the doll’s hair broke off in the brush. It hung like noodles in stringy strands. “You need a bath. You can’t go to the market like that!” She carried the doll through the castle, her eyes sparkling. She approached a silver fountain glittering in the midst of the entryway. She proceeded to dunk the doll until it was completely saturated with the bubbling water. “There, now you’re perfect. Let’s get you to bed, baby.” She happily made her way back down the hall, humming a childhood song. Her willowy body swayed, and her bare feet padded almost soundlessly. A flower patterned skirt rested crooked on her hips and a backward, mismatched, magenta shirt hugged her torso.
“My lady! You’re soaking wet!” a young girl, with fiery red hair, exclaimed. She was one of the few Icer hired servants. She took the doll away from the queen’s hand.
“No! My baby isn’t ready to go to bed!” Gal’adryl said with an angry shake of her blonde tresses. 
“We aren’t going to bed. We are just going to go change into dry clothes. Alright?” the young woman said in a gentle voice. 
“Alright, Beclyn.” Gal’adryl held her arms out to the wet doll. Beclyn hesitantly gave it back to her.

King Lowen watched his wife with a grieving heart. She was slipping today. Her hair was matted like it hadn’t been brushed in a few days, and her clothes were all mismatched like a little child. His lovely Gal’adryl. She was the light of his world. When he’d met her as a young boy, he’d instantly fallen in love with the blonde-haired girl. She was funny, lighthearted, and laughed at life. He’d always known that he could lean on her and trust her with his darkest secrets. A few years ago, she began to come down with the croo disease. It had started slowly at first, and then over time she had grown worse. Some days she was lucid, and she’d let him treat her as a man should treat his wife. 
“Follow my wife and Beclyn. Make sure Gal’adryl doesn’t hurt herself,” he said to a guard nearby. The guard instantly followed the trail of the dripping doll. King Lowen sighed to himself, turning to find out where his children were. 
***
King Lowen was in a mood. After he’d had three slaves attempt to brush Gal’adryl’s hair, he’d given up. She had ended up crying in the corner and clutching the wet doll to her breast. He stomped toward his study, his dark eyes flashing hotly at anything that moved. His guards tended to make a wide berth whenever he got this way. He wrenched open his study door and crossed the threshold with a sneer. Where could he find a cure? There had to be something. Anything! He racked his mind for an answer. He’d searched the ancient books and scrolls of his father’s and nothing was helping. Nothing! He’d given up on the Deities’ help ages ago, so he knew praying would do him no good. He put his hands on his desk, leaned forward, and breathed heavily through his nose. 
What would stop this insanity from spreading in Gal’adryl’s mind? He clenched his fists, slammed them on the desk, and sent his scrolls flying through the air. He marched over to a dark wooden door on the opposite side of the room that was locked. He pulled out a key that was tucked against his chest and inserted it roughly.
King Lowen flung open the door and stared into a pitch black room. A few moments went by, and his eyes adjusted. Dust was gathered overtop of ancient sculptures of cruel-looking Icers, paintings of the early times, dented armor, and debris of his father’s he’d left unsorted. After his father’s death, he had locked this place up to be buried in the back of his mind. 
He remembered coming in here as a child and being forbidden to touch anything. Several scrolls lay like wilted flowers on a gouged desk. He remembered that desk. With a man’s head, his father had made that dent. His father’s words haunted his subconscious as he stared at an ebony trunk sitting against the wall, half covered by an old, rotting cloak. 
‘You must never open that trunk, Lowen, unless it is of the greatest importance.’ His father’s words remained in his mind. He brushed his fingertips along the engraving that ran around the edges of the forbidden wooden box. He wasn’t even sure if anyone could read this dead language anymore. He broke open the lock with one kick of his boot. Gal’adryl was of the greatest importance. With a fierce look, he opened the trunk and peered inside. 
Chapter 6
Nahor

“You will have to do better than that, Nahor!” Stelane giggled, dodging her brother’s hands. 
“Listen, Cheeks. It’s my turn to play the die.”
“No! You cheat!” Stelane laughed and continued dancing around the room with the dice. Nahor laughed and reached for her again, brushing his fingers against her dress. She darted behind a silver statue in the shape of some awful-looking relative. She faked going to the right and then went to the left where his arms caught her with an oomph. She squirmed away from him with loud giggles. She tried to keep his hands from reaching the dice that was still clutched in her grasp. 
“Give it here, Cheeks!” He finally got his fingers in hers and grabbed the dice. “Victory!” He danced around, holding the dice up like a warrior with a trophy. 
“Nahor! Come on!” She tried to be enforcing, but a smile was playing on her lips. He grabbed her and tickled her until they were both breathless. “Do you really have to leave?” She grew serious in an instant and snuggled up against him. 
“I wish I could take you with me, Stelane.” He kissed her head, walked back over to the table, and waved at her to finish their game. 
King Lowen

Smoke twisted from several silver chalices like a hieth, dancing through the air as King Lowen entered a house. A bed made out of the skins of something unbeknownst to King Lowen, lay in one corner of the elderly Icer’s house. The floor was littered with scraps of information scrawled from Klour’s mind. The windows were boarded shut, and no light seeped into the smoky room.
“Come in…” said a croaky voice. King Lowen carefully avoided an old carcass of an elken. The branch-like horns were sawed off and made into a medicine of some kind. He hadn’t been to see Klour since he’d wanted a cure for his aching bones a year ago. Glowing icen pixies banged against their cage, their tiny teeth gnashing at him. What the old man made from the venomous creatures was beyond him, but his cures worked wonders on everyone in Neuge City.
“I will pour us some wine.” Klour hobbled over to his counter and started pouring two glasses. “I was very surprised to hear from you, your majesty. I have not seen you in quite some time.” The old man hobbled back over to his table and motioned for King Lowen to sit. Klour’s face was so wrinkled that his eyes seemed to disappear in the folds of his skin. His teeth were all gone, except two, which wobbled when he talked. “Sire, it is an honor.” He set the beverages down.
“I need you to look at something for me.” King Lowen reached into a pouch and pulled something out. “Can you decipher this, Klour?” King Lowen slid an artifact toward the old man. Klour seemed to freeze as he studied the curves and dents of the old piece of stone. 
“It is from before my father’s time, I can see that.” He examined it closer. “It is a vision-stone, my king.”
“A vision-stone?” King Lowen raised the wine to his lips and drank.
“Why have you retrieved this?” Klour ran a trembling finger over each line that formed the stone’s shape. “It’s lost some of its authenticity now, but I have enough sense to know a Wolfinic made this.”
“The myths?” 
“This was the fate of our people carved in a deannicle stone. This is a dying Icer. This stone brought the destruction of our race to pass. Once a Wolfinic bites a deannicle stone after having a vision, the fate is sealed.” Klour set the stone back down on the table and glared at it like it was a bad omen.
“I was hoping for answers,” King Lowen said.
“This is our past. What hope is there in that?” Klour stirred his wine, his eyes shifting deep in thought.
“How do I cure my wife?” The question hung in the air like a thick fog. The old man shifted uncomfortably. He’d heard this question many times from the Icer king. He didn’t think the king would like his answer, so he brooded silently.
“Tell me, Klour.” King Lowen picked the stone up and held it in his hand. “Is this the key? A vision-stone?”
“You are not going to like what I have to say.” Klour wished the king had only come for more medicine for his joints.
“I want Gal’adryl cured. She wet the bed last night, like an infant, Klour. She is growing worse. Tell me! What do I do to cure my wife?”
“You have to find a Wolfinic. Some of our legends say that a Wolfinic’s bite can cure any disease. If that doesn’t work, then maybe they can create a vision-stone and seal her fate for a cure.” Klour’s hand trembled as he picked up a scroll sitting beside him. 
“It’s impossible.”
“Not if you find a Vullen.” Klour stood abruptly to his feet. “The cloaked race can stand outside a Wolfinic’s visions, so you can get close enough to retrieve one.”
“That’s insanity,” said King Lowen.
“I don’t even know if a Wolfinic’s bite can cure Gal’adryl. That is just what some of Jade’s ancient scrolls have engraved upon them. It is a fool’s hope.”
“I don’t care.” Lowen stood to his feet. “Thank you, Klour. You shall be rewarded.” He dug into his pouch at his side and placed a bag of coin on the table.
“If a Wolfinic is the only way, then I will get one.” The dark-haired king turned and walked out of the house.
“Death awaits you, King Lowen,” muttered the elder as he scooped the bag of coin up and hid it from prying eyes.

Deilia
Dredge Forest


The forest was quiet as Deilia stealthily made her way toward her usual spot where she played. Lately, she’d overheard gossip about her. No one knew she could hear them, but she’d catch a word here and there. They said she was odd and would whisper her mother’s name, whom she didn’t remember. Her father had told her that her mother had died when she was an infant. Deilia counted on her fingers how old she was. She was six. She slipped off her cloak and hung it on a jutting branch that looked like a claw. With herself revealed, a shimmery Deity appeared before her.
“Good afternoon, Deilia. Shall we practice some more of your singing?” her wispy feminine voice said.
Deilia bent down in the dirt and picked up a rock.
“I did it, Shuro. I recovered the scorched branch and chipped rock. I didn’t get to the flower because my father came home.”
“Good! Good,” Shuro said. She dipped down and landed in front of the child Vullen. “These songs have been forgotten by your people.” Shuro danced between the trees, her red hair waving like a banner. She twisted like the wind and touched Deilia’s cheek as she flew by.
“They enjoy the death song a lot. They are trying to make me learn it. Everyone talks about me. They say I’m odd and that I’m like my mother.” Deilia turned the rock over in her hand and then set it down.  “Do you know what happened to her, Shuro?”
The translucent being darted sharply from tree to tree, never staying still.
“It happened the day she hid you in the crook of my tree.” She came to rest in front of Deilia. “She was taken. I heard her screams that night. I suppose your people watched her die, because she brought you into my forbidden territory.” A whimper escaped the Deity’s lips as diamond tears slid down her cheeks. “I liked her.” Shuro darted up into the tops of the trees. Deilia heard her soft cries.
“Shuro? You don’t really think they killed her do you?” Deilia picked up a rotting corpse of a scomperoo and stared at it. The Deity didn’t answer her, so she set the corpse down on a rock. “I wonder…” She lifted her voice with the song Shuro had been teaching her since she was tiny. The corpse didn’t budge or change colors. “Shuro? Does it work on the dead?” 
“That song is something I will not teach you this day. You are not ready for that kind of power, child.” 
“Alright.” Deilia picked up a chipped rock and slid it into her pouch. “I will keep practicing on rocks and sticks until I can handle that song.” She smiled at her teacher, her tiny, pointed teeth flashing. 
Chapter 7
Fressa

Fressa clasped his daughter’s arm tightly as she walked through the door, late that evening.
“Where have you been? We have a death to watch in just a few minutes.” His eyes furrowed in anger toward his only child.
“I was in the forest, Father,” she said meekly, feeling his hot wrath upon her.
“Our people are talking about how strange you are. You act as if you don’t enjoy the death song. Every Vullen enjoys the death song.” Fressa shook her a little bit and released her arm. Deilia shied from him, stepping into the shadowed corner.
“I shall come.” She slipped into her room, and he heard her rummaging around. She emerged with her pouch gone and her cloak neatly in place. He gripped her hand and led her toward the temple. In just a moment, he would force her to sing the death song, whether she liked it or not. They made their way into the crowded temple. Vullens pushed each other to see the death of the creature laying on the table. Fressa shouldered his way past them, his daughter in tow behind him. Elder Glon was standing beside a solid white table with scratch marks buried in it. His arms were crossed, and a deep look was on his face. He watched as Fressa crossed the room and deposited Deilia right beside the creature strewn on the table. 

Deilia

Anticipation hung in the air like a fog. Vullens shoved at each other, trying to get a better look at what lay awaiting its death. Deilia observed that it was another Worge child. It must have followed the previous one right into their trap. She saw the fear on the girl Worge’s face. Her father was still gripping her hand when they stopped right beside the white stone table. She stared up at him in concern. Why were they not with the rest of the crowd? Worry dotted her forehead as he finally let go of her hand.
“Today, my daughter will have the honor of singing the death song. It is time,” he said with a flash of his pointed teeth. He raised his hand as the crowd of Vullens broke into a cheer. 
“Sing it, Deilia.”
“I do not know it, Father,” she said, watching the Worge squirm in anguish of what was about to come. 
“Sing it, Deilia.” He bent down to her and stared her in the eye. “This is our way. You have to learn to love death. That is who we are.” He stepped back from her and pointed at the Worge. 
“Where’s my brudder?” said the girl Worge. Deilia’s eyes darted to her father, who nodded firmly at her to continue.
“Your brudder?” Deilia asked in confusion. 
“Kalo. What have you evil monsters done with Kalo?” The girl whimpered. Deilia’s heart flipped strangely. No. She couldn’t sing this innocent child to her death. What songs did she know that would cause the girl’s life to be spared? Perhaps if she lulled her into a deep sleep and snuck her past her people? She knew that they would know. The song of death was precise, although sleep was indeed a dark tone as well. She knew the beginning tune to the death song, but she intentionally hadn’t learned the rest of it, and she knew her father knew that as well. Everyone waited for her to begin. She started the melody of the death song quietly. She saw her father’s eyes light up with pride. It began to make the Worge squeal in pain. She closed her eyes, trying to remember the way the song twisted and turned. No. She didn’t want to sing this song! The tune was coming to her faster. It was as if instinct had taken over her voice. She heard the Worge screaming in pain now. She peeked an eye open and saw her people glorying in the death of the child. She winced, and the song abruptly ceased. The girl Worge lay dead. Her eyes stared blankly at the sky. She’d just killed someone with the death song. A strange thrill filled her. She jumped back as if bitten. No! She didn’t want to like death! Hadn’t she fought off the urge? Anger at her father rose up, and she turned her heated gaze on him. He was beaming at her. The Vullens turned and walked away from the temple. He gripped her hand once more and led her back home.
“I’m proud of you, Deilia.” 
***
Deilia buried her face in her pillow, soft furs thrown over her back. What would Shuro say? She’d killed that girl, and then had enjoyed the feeling it had given her. Was she now a true Vullen? Shuro’s song drifted into her mind, the melody soothing to her soul. No, she was different, wasn’t she? Her mother’s death weighed on her conscience. Had her father put her mother to death because of her? A small ache in her chest spread. Would her father turn on her one day if she didn’t fall in love with death? 
She lifted her head up and rolled out of bed. She had to get away from here. She pulled her cloak off the hook on the wall and slipped it over her body. She pulled her pouch across her shoulder and filled it with necessities. He would understand, wouldn’t he? Would her father come after her? She pulled her hood up over her hair and slipped out the window.

Nahor
Neuge City
Icer Domain

The streets of Neuge was humming with shouts from vendors, mammois trotting by with carriages, and children whining. Icer women weaved between booths, their chatter ringing like gracor birds. A young girl stared at him as Nahor made his way out of the carriage. Ice slithered through his fingers. He shot little spikes at the ground. He was already bored with this shopping spree. He heard Stelane get out behind him; her feet hitting the ground with a crunch.
“What should we buy, Nahor? Father said I could purchase whatever I wanted for tonight!” She grinned at him. He smiled back at her excitement. 
“I hate balls.” He made his way through the crowded streets where the merchants were hocking their wares. Stelane ran ahead, her brown curls flying in the breeze. If only being completely happy was as easy as that. He smirked. Leaving this place would make him happy. He winced slightly at the thought of leaving his baby sister behind. A black shirt with gold thread caught his eye, and he fingered it with interest. 
“Only a handful of coin for you, Prince,” the merchant purred to him, his fat belly barely covered by his shirt. “I will give it to you at a fair price.”
Nahor let go of the shirt and stepped back. Eh. He didn’t need it. He saw the disappointment on the merchant’s face. He walked briskly to keep an eye on Stelane. Three guards were trying to catch up to her as well. She was fast. He spotted her and jogged to join her.
“Slow down, Stelane. What did you find?” She was carefully holding a silver box in her hands.
“Do you think Mother will like this? See how it glistens in the sun?” She held out the box to him. He took it from her and examined it. He instantly saw several flaws with it.
“This is cheaply made. Let’s find you a dress and be done with this.”
Her face fell. “Fine.” She stalked away with a scowl. 
***
Nahor skirted around people with a drink in his hand. An easy smile was on his face as he walked around the ballroom, dressed in his best suit. Servants held up trays of delicacies that everyone lavishly ate from, and music drifted around the room. 
“Nahor!” Natli called him. He walked over to a group of his friends, his smile stitched on like a doll. 
“Hi, everyone,” he said. Natli gripped his arm like she owned him. 
“Tell him he can’t leave us for the sake of education. Please, someone convince the man!” Natli’s voice came out in a whine. Nahor laughed.
“Come on, Nahor; don’t leave us all the wine and women! What will we ever do without you?” said Kylec, a snarky, red-haired man, his hands interlocking in a pleading gesture.
“We can’t go on without you!” His friend, Lorean, dramatically fell to one knee. Oh El’yi, and he hung out with these people? He laughed again.
“Get up, idiot.”
Natli could see that they were making fun of her and pulled Nahor away from them. 
“I need one final dance before that awful school claims you. You’re going to forget all about me and find a new love.” She stuck out her lip. He would try his hardest to forget all about her. How did he put it nicely to this girl, that she was as annoying as a wind sprite? In fact, he’d rather have a wind sprite put him into a comatose state than listen to her whine anymore.
“Listen, Natli, when I return,” he started to say. She blinked her eyes at him, wiping tears away from them. Women. He turned his head toward his group of friends, who were still making fun of him. They all knew this girl was like a whining doghin he just couldn’t get rid of. She just needed to be let go. How did he do it without a scene? He slipped his hand into hers.
“Let’s dance. It doesn’t matter right now.”
After several dances, Nahor found his little sister sitting on the sidelines. Her fingers were fidgeting with the folds of her dress.
“Why aren’t you out there dancing in your new dress, Cheeks?” he asked her. She didn’t even react to the baby nickname. 
“No one’s asked me.”
“I’ll fix that.” Nahor walked over to the other side of the room. He spotted several boys he knew personally but avoided them. They would not be dancing with his little sister. 
“Hey, kid,” he said to a boy around Stelane’s age and fairly decent looking. The young man looked up with expectation.
“Go dance with my sister.” He pointed at Stelane who was watching him. The sandy brown-haired boy nodded obediently and started making his way toward Stelane. Satisfied, Nahor walked in the other direction to put something a little stronger in his drink. 
***
Nahor wanted to ram his head in the wall. He was listening to his father drone on and on with the most obtuse speech ever written. He really didn’t care if the Zare territory was growing or shrinking. He knew his father made him sit in these meetings because he would one day rule the land with an iron fist. He smirked to himself. His father’s cruel ways sure worked wonders on their people. They were hungry, poor, and probably would soon die if their conditions didn’t improve. The royal family was secluded in their castle, protected from the dirty citizens who roamed the frozen hills of Neuge City. Yah, he would have all that to look after, along with marrying El’yi knew whom. His father seemed to sabotage most of his relationships. They would end abruptly when his father would destroy the girl’s parents’ home. Everyone loved a good father-in-law who killed their parents or murdered their brothers. I mean, come on! He feared he’d be single forever. He was already past marrying age. His father had married his mother at sixteen. He winced slightly at the thought of her. They were losing her. She was still around in body, but her mind was slipping more each time he was with her. 
Nahor sighed softly. His father wrapped up an exchange with vagabonds that were constantly peddling wares to him. They scrounged up weapons, food, and anything that was worth something and brought it to the king first. The people starved, and his father bought knickknacks. He wanted to just forget this kingdom and move somewhere where the affairs of Neuge City didn’t touch him anymore. If not for his baby sister he would have left ages ago. He already hated himself for leaving her while he went to school. He hoped she would be alright for the three short months he was gaining more knowledge. His father always insisted he learn from the ancient masters in every art possible. The droning of his father ceased, and he grinned at Nahor. He’d bought something, and Nahor hadn’t been paying attention in the least bit.
“What do you think of her, son?” King Lowen asked with a raised eyebrow, rubbing his trimmed beard. He noticed his son’s slightly distant expression. He motioned with his head toward the dingy merchants, who were unloading something. They slipped a crate off their cart and opened it quickly before the king. His father had bought something he hadn’t even looked at? He found it odd and thrilling all at once. Nahor watched as they unveiled a cage with glinting diamond bars. Inside, a creature was curled up, laying on her side. 
“What is that, Father?” 
“It’s a baby Vullen.”
“A Vullen? Didn’t you tell me that was the nonsense of old women? You’ve been deceived into buying something else.” Nahor stared at the small figure curled up shivering. Her skin was golden and shimmered like a thousand diamonds. A tangled mass of purple hair lay strewn around her petite body. He’d never seen the creatures in the flesh. 
“Where did she come from?” Nahor asked, eyeing the merchants warily. Did they really want this trouble in their home? A baby Vullen meant that a mama Vullen somewhere was missing her child. There wasn’t much knowledge about the hidden race, except that death followed them. 
“What does it matter? She is here now, and she will help cure your mother,” his voice rang with hope. He waved the merchants away and motioned toward his guards. “Put the child Vullen in the south dungeon and feed her something. Have a slave fetch her one of Stelane’s dresses to wear.” King Lowen’s eyes flickered to a slave and then to the guards. 
The Zare hurried away, and in a few moments returned with a blue dress draped over her arm. She cautiously stood before the diamond cage. One of the guards lifted the latch and let her inside. The slave talked soothingly to the little creature saying something that Nahor couldn’t hear. The Vullen ventured out of the corner. The slave started slipping the dress over the small girl’s head. 
Suddenly, the Vullen began to thrash wildly, shrieking with a sing-song voice, “No! No! That’s not mine!” The slave backed out of the cage with quick steps. The guards picked up the cage, nestled it between them, and headed out of the room. As soon as they went toward the door, the child began a high-pitched song. The guards dropped the cage, covered their heads, and wailed in pain. King Lowen fell to his knees, his hands covering his ears.
“Make her cease!”
Like a disease crawling through his veins, Nahor felt pain reverberate over his skin. It felt as if she was boiling his blood. Suddenly, as soon as it started, it ceased. Nahor lifted up his head to see the young Vullen staring straight at him. Her crystal clear eyes were filled with a strange emotion. Guilt. The guards resumed carrying her out of the throne room.
Stelane

Stelane stroked the soft feathers of her pet gracor bird Glimmer, cooing to him.
“Such a pretty boy…yes, you are,” she said. Her lips puckered as if she was talking to an infant. She felt a pang of loneliness. Her big brother and best friend was leaving in just a few short weeks. She had been begging her father for months straight to let her have a gathering—so that she could find a boy to marry. His answer was always the same, ‘No. She was still a child.’ 
Her eyes darted toward a Zare girl that quietly crept up on her. The slaves made her uneasy. Their appearance was strange. She knew that Zares thrived in warmth and would become frozen and die in this land. Her father had altered their bodies so that they could abide in the castle. It seemed like she was looking at an apparition when she saw their milky white eyes, splotchy skin, and lifeless expressions. Why didn’t her father just send the Zares back to their homeland? Did he have to help pay off their debt by taking their loved ones? It made her cringe. 
She’d been taught the history of her people and knew she and her brother should despise the Zare race. Nanna had told her a different story of how the planet of Jade had been a frozen wasteland, and how El’yi had created the Deities who in turn created the Zares. The Zares had been creating life in the land with their ability of light. 
When they’d come across Neuge City, they had begun their process of making the land grow with fields of grass and trees. This was where the legend twisted. Stelane had been taught by her father that the cruel race had slaughtered their people, driving heat into their frozen bodies, and boiling them to death. A small band of Icers had escaped with their lives and vowed to destroy the people of El’yi. 
Stelane had feared and hated the white-haired race as a child. One day, as she lay on her floor playing war dolls, her nanna had sat her on her knee and told her another tale. 
The Zares had slaughtered their people in innocence. Then as retribution the Icers had slaughtered Zare children that crept too close to the border. It was a long and bloody legend, and that’s where Stelane had first heard of the rare breed of creatures called Wolfinics. They were a seer race that had helped restore peace between the Zares and the Icers. She found it disturbing that her people had it so backward. It seemed to her that they still punished Zare children. The Zare slave paused in her duty and seemed to stare straight at her.
“Is there anything I can help you with, Princess Stelane?” The girl was probably at least a couple years younger than her.
“No, I’m fine.” 
Chapter 8
Deilia
Neuge City
Icer Domain

Deilia hadn’t meant to be caught by the peddlers; it had just happened. She had been running through the forest, chasing scomperoos, when the two men had spotted her. She had run the opposite way, but their long legs had easily caught up to her. The cold was something she was unaccustomed to, but it was not unbearable. The Dredge Forest would also drop temperature at night and freeze the ground with white flakes in spots. She was going to sing the men into a deep sleep, when something in her mind changed. Maybe I’m supposed to go with them. She had let them catch her and load her into a diamond cage. They had spotted her golden skin and had removed her cloak. She almost broke free of their bonds in that moment. The exposure on her soul was raw and unnerving. They had tucked the cloak and pouch inside a trunk.
“Do you really think that’s what she is?” one merchant had hissed to the other, as they locked up the cage. Deilia looked at them with wide eyes. They climbed back into their carriage, pulled by what looked like a mammoi. Her grandfather’s picture book her father had given her was also in that trunk tucked in her pouch. She felt the carriage lurch forward and slid slightly across the cage. 

The cell they had put her in was comfortable, except for the fact that the merchants had never given back her cloak or pouch. For a minute she’d put up a fuss, but maybe somehow she could get another one. A few moments went by, when an Icer guard came in and timidly set a tray before her. He gazed at her strangely as if he was seeing a phenomenon. She nodded to him, and he quickly left the room. She looked at the frozen food with complexity. She picked up a piece of wild looking meat and bit into it. 

Nahor

“Why in all of Jade would he buy a Vullen? Do you know what they can do?” Nahor ranted out loud to a random guard. The guard listened patiently. “Mathes, Vullens sing you to your death. This one must be too young to know the song, or she is just playing with us. How can I leave my baby sister, when there is a Vullen in our dungeon?” He gripped the back of his skull tightly and closed his eyes in frustration. 
“She’ll be safe, sire, we’ll make sure she doesn’t go down there.”
“Do you know how hard it is to keep a thirteen-year-old from snooping? What was my father thinking?”

Nahor made his way to the dining hall, his face set in a determined scowl. His hand was clenched in a fist as he walked. He had to talk to his father about this. What if the Vullen race attacked them because of the child below? He vaguely remembered the lore about them. He bore in mind that they lived among the Deities in the Dredge Forest. He shoved open the door to the dining hall and spotted his family all seated at the table. Dim light flickered off their faces, as the food was brought in and set before them. He came over and sat down. He would discuss the matter right after they dined, when he could get his father alone in his study.
“Nahor, will you marry soon?” his mother asked. “What was that nice girl’s name? Jani?” She folded her hands on the table and waited for him to answer.
“Perhaps soon, Mother.” El’yi…he remembered Jani. His father had killed her father by sending him into a pointless battle. Jani hated his guts. “Father, may I talk to you in the study for a moment?” He tried to keep the anger out of his voice but felt like he was failing miserably. 
“Of course, son,” King Lowen said. Stelane and his mother chatted easily as his father rose and followed him to his study. Once they were inside, Nahor turned on him.
“You can’t keep a Vullen here. What if her people come looking for her! She’s a danger to our entire family!” Nahor said. 
“Nahor, listen. I have tried everything to cure your mother of this disease. Nothing has worked. I have heard a myth that the Wolfinic race can cure any disease,” King Lowen said.
Nahor’s eyes narrowed as he silently listened.
“Problem is, the only way to find a Wolfinic would be through a Vullen. Wolfinics can see us coming before we get there. A Vullen can stand outside a Wolfinic’s vision. She is my only hope for curing your mother.”
“Are you sure?” Nahor asked.
“Perhaps it’s a fool’s hope. I have no proof of the matter, but I have to at least try for your mother’s sake, for our family’s sake. That is why the Vullen must stay.”
Nahor sighed, dropping his hands to his side. “Just keep Stelane away from that thing.” He turned and walked away. 
Fressa
Vullen Village
Dredge Forest

Slam! Splinters exploded off the wall as Fressa threw a chair.
“Where is she? How did she escape the forest?” He seethed. He shoved furniture out of his way. He racked his brain trying to figure out how his six-year-old child had left the Vullen domain. He had searched for hours, but Shaka hadn’t been able to find a trace of his daughter. She might be in pain somewhere and couldn’t return. The thought of that drove him mad. He’d already sacrificed her mother. Was he going to lose his daughter as well? She was odd, but there was still hope for her, wasn’t there? He slammed out his door and headed toward Elder Glon’s home to share a few words with him.
***
“How could she escape the curse of El’yi?” Fressa asked as he rested his face in his hands. Elder Glon rubbed his chin thoughtfully and sighed deeply.
“We have never before allowed our young to stray. Maybe the curse is not on those of this generation.”
“I suppose, we’ve never tested it. Maybe El’yi has not put his hand on our children.” Fressa reached for a cup of root tea and sipped on it. A plan formed in the back of his mind. He had to find Deilia. She was just a child. “How can I get her back?”
Elder Glon sipped his own tea, his clawed fingers curling around the cup. “You wait, Fressa. It may be exactly what she needs. You don’t know Deilia’s destiny.” 
Destiny or not, Deilia belonged here with him. 

Nahor
Neuge City
Icer Domain

Nahor watched Stelane as she tried to coax Glimmer into doing a trick she’d been practicing with him. Nahor wondered if the bird was still as dumb as a rock. Maybe the other day had been a fluke. He watched her try over and over. She finally threw up her hands and stalked over to him with an annoyed expression on her face.
“Stupid bird!” she said. “I had him trained to sing a song for Mother, and now he’s forgotten the entire thing! All he does is sing the workers’ tune.”
Nahor nearly spat out the wine he’d been drinking. The workers’ tune? How had the bird learned that? He prayed to El’yi that Stelane didn’t know what that meant. He held back a chuckle. The workers’ tune was only taught to prostitutes. Was the bird a whore’s ex-pet? Where had his father picked him up anyway? 
“What?” Stelane had seen his attempt to stifle his laughter. “It’s not funny, Nahor! I worked hard on this!” She was near tears. Nahor wiped the humor from his face and patted her back.
“Hey, it’s just a stupid bird. I’m sure he’ll remember when he wants to. Mother will love the song.”
“I can’t believe you’re leaving soon.” She pouted and sat down beside him on the couch. He wrapped her up in his arms and kissed her curls.
“I’ll be back before you know it. I’m sure you’ll teach Glimmer to sing ten songs by then!” He smiled at her and held her tight a little longer. He was going to miss her. 
“Did father buy something the other day? I saw the peddlers leaving.” She always enjoyed the treats her father picked up for her on peddler days. 
“He didn’t purchase anything this time,” he lied. He didn’t want her to know about the Vullen. For some reason he had a bad feeling about the creature they were keeping tucked in their dungeon. 
“Oh,” Stelane said with disappointment. “That’s strange; he always buys something from those two.” She eyed Nahor like she could sense he was hiding something from her. Nahor hoped she would leave the matter at that. 

Deilia

Deilia awoke from a dream, feeling disturbed and lonely. She wanted to free herself now, but she shoved the thought aside. She could take isolation a little bit longer. She flung her small legs over the side of her bed. She needed her cloak. She shivered unconsciously, not so much because she was cold, but because she wasn’t used to not having it for so long. A soft knock came to the door and a young, strange looking girl came inside. Her eyes were milky white, her hair an odd shade of red, and her skin was splotchy. Deilia watched her curiously. The girl set her tray of food on her nightstand and turned to leave.
“Wait,” Deilia said and held out her hand. The girl turned back toward her and looked at her with a blank stare. What was wrong with her? Her father had never told her of this race. He had given her a picture book that her grandfather had drawn. It had been her mother’s when she was a child. It had every race on Jade, and she didn’t remember one looking like this.
“What are you?”
The slave took a step forward. “I’m a Zare.”
Deilia reeled back in confusion. A Zare? She knew of this race! It was a fair-haired race, with tanned skin, and beautiful eyes. This was not a Zare! Plus, they dwelt in the warmth and perished in the iced lands. 
“You can’t be.” Deilia cautiously approached her, as if her condition would transfer. She wondered if her healing song would work. She opened her mouth and let the sweet toned melody build. It wrapped around and around the Zare with a blue light until she heard the girl draw in a deep breath. In a few seconds, the blue light ceased and a white-green-haired girl with golden-green eyes stood before her. Her skin was a healthy tanned color. Instantly, the slave wrapped her arms around her body.
“So cold…” she chattered. Deilia watched as white zigzags began to race up her arms, neck, and legs until she was covered in them. The girl made a choking noise. Deilia started panicking. The girl was freezing to death before her eyes! She hadn’t thought singing the healing song would do this! How did she warm the girl? Did she know any songs for that? She frantically searched her mind and began to sing softly. The tune wasn’t complete in her thoughts, and the girl began to choke more. Something took over her mind as she watched the girl dying before her. A sick satisfaction began to creep into her. Let her die. She shook her head with the thought. Let her die? The girl collapsed on the ground until she lay still. Her breathing was barely audible. Her head turned, and a horrified expression crossed her face. She drew her last breath. Deilia stared at the dead corpse frozen on the floor. A sick smile curled her lips. She’d enjoyed every minute of it. 
Chapter 9
Oni’on Sulstic
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

The wind howled like a frightened child. Tree branches scratched Oni’on Sulstic’s shirt as he ran through a dense forest. His chest heaved in and out as his thoughts slammed through his consciousness one right after another. I can’t let him hurt her! His white and blue streaked hair hung choppy around his ears, and his tanned skin was littered with inked pictures. He’d been almost to the marketplace when he’d caught wind of his fad’ra’s actions. He could see their hut in the distance and forced his body to move faster. Oni’on arrived at the door and dragged a deep breath into his screaming lungs. He turned the handle and stepped into the cluttered home. He could hear the sound of someone shouting, something crashed, and his baby sister began to wail. He composed himself and walked in the front door. The scene he came across made him shudder. His fad’ra, Juda, and his mad’ra, Elra, were in a heated argument. Pieces of glass lay strewn from a broken cup. 
“You were seen with him in the market. Don’t tell me you’re staying faithful to me!” Juda shook his fist.
“He was just helping me carry my supplies back to my cart. It was nothing,” Elra defended herself. Her white and aqua blue hair was strewn like she’d been pushed around. 
“You’re cheating on me!” Juda screamed and Oni’on could hear the slur in his voice. His fad’ra had been drinking again.
“What do you want me to say, Juda? You don’t believe me, so yes, I was cheating on you.” She turned to walk into the kitchen. Juda’s face started turning a deep shade of red. Oni’on saw it coming but couldn’t do anything to stop it. Juda turned Elra around, and his meaty fists connected with her face. She stumbled and fell into a wooden end table; her body crumpled like paper. His three-year-old sister’s voice shrieked with fear. His younger brother Rhyme came running out of the kitchen, his hands clutching a stick.
“Mad’ra!” he wailed and looked from Juda to Oni’on. Oni’on could see the accusation in his younger brother’s eyes toward him. Why couldn’t he stop their abusive fad’ra? At 16, Oni’on barely stood up to his fad’ra’s shoulders. Elra didn’t move as Juda turned his back and walked toward their bedroom.
“Don’t think I won’t remember this day, Elra!”
***
Oni’on stared into his drink, his eyes frosting over with the memory of that day. It had been hours later that his mad’ra had been sold by their fad’ra to the Icer king. Just hours. The pain of that day never seemed to go away. He swigged at his wine. His blue-golden eyes swept the room in an instant. Why couldn’t his mind just give it a rest? So what if he had left his siblings and walked out of that house? He shouldn’t feel guilty about his decision. He rubbed the stubble on his chin and slammed his cup down on the bar table.
“Another one, beautiful.” He flashed the bartender his best smile and saw her scowl.
“Oni’on, honey, go home. Don’t you have a job to go to in the morning? You look like Worge-dung.” Her white and pink streaked hair was looped up in a bun on top of her head. Her narrow jaw jutted out far too much to hold beauty. Oni’on grunted. He did have a job to go to, curse her. He would have to get sloshed another day. He stood to his feet and heard the sound of someone talking to his right. 
“I’ll chase all the corrupt memories right out of your mind, Oni’on. Just slip me a coin…” a seductive voice purred. Oni’on didn’t have to turn to know that one of the village’s prostitutes was the one speaking to him. 
“I think you’ll create your own corrupt memories, Liaa. I have enough of those to last me a lifetime.” He pushed past her and walked out into the cool night air. The two moons glimmered above him, casting narrow shadows around him. How long had he been in the bar? Who cared. 
He walked through the village center, feeling the dull warmth of the alcohol running through him. He heard the sound of the silvies singing their nighttime song. As he made his way home, the little majestic birds filled the sky above him. 
It was his little sister Sadrien’s birthday today. Was that why he was thinking about that day? How long had it been? His fingertips brushed the wooden planks of the bakery shop as he thought. Oh El’yi, it had been seven years. Sadie was ten now. That made his younger brother Rhyme 15. He had seen them here and there when they ventured into Glimma for supplies. 
Rhyme had pointed him out once, and his fad’ra had craned his neck to see. Oni’on had disappeared into the nearest shop. He didn’t want to face his siblings and see the hopelessness on their young faces. He opened the door to his rundown apartment building and ventured inside. The stench of wet rags slapped him in the face. It must have been laundry day for someone. He rubbed his temple as a headache started forming. He needed to remember to ease up on the drinks. Eh, who was he kidding?
Sounds of his neighbors drifted around him. His feet slapped the rough wooden floor. When he stepped into the shack of a building they all called home, the Kelc’s were arguing like they always did. A door slammed and something crashed. He winced, remembering the day his mad’ra was sold. Why did he keep thinking about that? The Kelc’s threw stuff all the time. It was nothing new. He bumped into someone and looked down. A little girl named Loo glanced up at him in fright. Her white and purple hair was a tangled mess around her skinny face. She was the Kelc’s little girl. He felt a strange pain in his chest at her hollow look. 
“Sorry, Mr. Sulstic.”
Another memory of the day he left Sadrien and Rhyme alone arose, and he winced internally. 
“It’s fine,” he said and skirted around her, finally making it to his door. What a night. He fumbled with his keys and dropped them on the grimy wooden floor. He cursed, swiped them up, and shoved them into the lock. The door groaned loudly as he shouldered it open. He took a step inside the dark room, muttering about a light. He lit a few candles, feeling the sting of the headache receding. Something bumped and he looked up. Oni’on froze where he stood. A figure stood cloaked in the shadows. Oni’on tipped his head to the side trying to make out who it was. Maybe it was one of his friends trying to play a joke on him.
“Hello? Ha! You got me. Now get out of my house I’m tired.” He knew his voice was slurring but didn’t care. The figure didn’t move. He walked over to his cupboard and pulled out a hunk of bread. He chewed on it and watched the corner. Stupid Worge-eater. What did they want?
“Listen, either get out of my house, or I’ll throw you out. I don’t take in charity.” He stumbled toward the corner where the person stood. He noticed that the figure appeared to be a woman with golden hair that was hanging around her shoulders. Was she looking for a warm body tonight? He shrugged. He was too drunk to care. He moved toward her with an easy smile.
“Hey, sweetheart, I won’t hurt ya. Are you looking for a good time?” Suddenly, Oni’on noticed that the woman’s feet weren’t touching the floor. He swore and stumbled backward, tripping over his own two feet. He crawled backward as the woman drifted high into the air. Her body began to glow brightly. Her hair lazily floated around her shoulders, and her hand drifted forward as if she was underwater. 
Instant fear struck his heart, and his mouth went dry. A Deity was in his living room. Why was she here? How was she here? A soft voice began to sing. The words were foreign to him, a language of the Deities. He found himself feeling drowsy, his body frozen. His knees buckled, and he toppled face first to the floor. After singing her entire song, the Deity let out an unnatural scream and disappeared in a flash of white light. 

Oni’on woke up with a killer headache. He lazily opened one eye and looked around his apartment. There were streaks of grime that ran down his window that overlooked Glimma, a crooked picture hanging on the wall, and piles of dishes so high that he feared something was living in them. A dirty, tangled, and matted mammoi rug stared him straight in the eyes. “Wha—?” he mumbled. A putrid smell assaulted his senses. What had died in here? 
He was laying on the floor. What had happened last night? He rubbed his forehead trying to reemerge the missing memories. He remembered drinking by himself at the bar, but something else had happened. Had he passed out? He stood to his feet, brushed himself off, and groaned when he realized he was late for work. He cursed and ran to throw on a fresh shirt. He needed to lay off drinking or get fired from his job. He jogged out the door and headed toward a green painted building, that had a giant smiling face on it. Instead of going through the front door, he went through the alley and came out the other end. 
A group of people were digging their fingertips into the soil. He gave his boss an apologetic look and dug right into his job. Literally. He’d barely gotten this job. His light abilities stretched only to simple plant growing. His grandfa’ Pod had been a warrior of the light. Before he’d been able to teach any of his grandchildren his abilities, he’d disappeared one evening. The art had been lost on the Zare race. He’d only heard of two warriors who were left, and they didn’t even live in Glimma Village. The ancient war was all but forgotten to this new generation. 
The ground around his fingers began to glow softly. He spotted a few new sprouts struggling to the surface. It was going to be a long day. 
***
“Why don’t you just talk to her, Oni’on?” A chuckle resounded from the throat of a skinny man, his long fingers digging in the dirt. Oni’on snapped out of his daydream at the sound of his friend’s voice.
“What? Who?” He knew who, but he wasn’t going to admit to swooning over the pretty white and pink haired girl, that worked adjacent to him. Her name was Arrissa. Her laughter rose sweetly and made his heart thud like a drum. 
“You know who.”
“Listen, Jackon, Arrissa hasn’t even glanced my way since I started working at this dump. She doesn’t even know I exist. I’m not talking to her and making a fool out of myself.”
Jackon backed up a step and raised his hands in defense. “Hey, just asking. You swoon over that girl every day. You doing alright today? You look a little pale.”
“Huh? Oh, I’m fine. I must have passed out when I got home. I woke up on the floor this morning. I had a strange dream that I can’t quite piece together in my mind.” He began to dig back into the soil.
Chapter 10

King Lowen
Neuge City
Icer Domain

King Lowen thrummed his fingers over and over against the arm of his throne, his eyes staring in the distance. He’d just been informed that the Vullen had killed a slave. It wasn’t a big deal, considering he had hundreds more, but it was the fact that the Zare had turned back to normal before she had frozen to death. King Lowen bit his bottom lip in concentration. Did that mean the Vullen could cure the sick? He wanted to send a guard into the dungeon to retrieve the Vullen girl, but he feared that the girl would do more damage than good. What had he been thinking? Perhaps Nahor was right. Maybe having a Vullen here was reckless on his part. Should he really risk his wife’s life? He shook his head at the thought. It was too dangerous. One wrong move and Gal’adryl could be like that Zare girl who was tossed into the forest. But what if? His mind shifted between the two decisions. He abruptly stood up and let out a frustrated growl. It was like dangling the cure in front of his nose, but he couldn’t use it. He could test it on another Zare. A smile curled on his lips as he got off his throne to find a useless slave.

Deilia

Deilia stared at the Zare boy in front of her. Her hands trembled as the king stood waiting for her to cure him. She glanced at the boy, the king, and then back to the boy again. She didn’t dare. He would die as the girl Zare had. Something inside her stirred. The lust was trying to persuade her to watch the boy die. She closed her eyes. If she did this she was just like the rest of her people. The death lust would not take over her mind! Her eyebrows narrowed in anger. How dare the king tempt her! She opened her eyes with a snap.
“No.” The simple word seemed to resound in her cell. The king looked taken aback. His jaw clenched.
“You must.”
Deilia could see the hesitation on his face. He knew she was more powerful than he was. Threats wouldn’t work on her. “I will not watch him die as the other.”  
“I will have him dropped off at the border immediately.” King Lowen shoved the boy closer to her. Deilia studied the King’s eyes to see if he was lying or not. He appeared to be truthful as far as she could tell. 
“Agreed,” she said and closed her eyes in concentration. She quietly began to sing. The words drifted like a soft blanket and cloaked the room with beauty. The Zare boy trembled as she took a step closer. His eyes began to gradually change from white to a brilliant green and gold. As if ashes had been shaken from his scalp, his rusty colored hair began to transform. Brilliant white and green streaked hair hung to his chin, and his skin turned a light tan. Deilia’s mouth curved into a satisfied grin. The boy stood whole before her. Instantly he shivered. 
“You must hurry!” she said to the king and ushered the boy out the door. “Get him to the border and fast!” Her eyes pleaded. King Lowen nodded to a guard beside him. The guard hurried the boy out of the dungeon. 

King Lowen

King Lowen pondered on his bed as Gal’adryl got ready to go to sleep. Her blonde hair hung down her bare back. She brushed it, a soft melody on her lips. At times he forgot she was sick. She seemed to be herself today and had loved him with a passion he remembered from their youth. Then other days it was as if someone else had replaced his wife. Should he take the risk and let the Vullen sing the healing song over Gal’adryl? It might alter the disease in his wife’s mind. He weighed the fact that the Zares weren’t healed of a disease. They had led the Zare boy to the outside and left him in the snow. He’d frozen in mere moments. Gal’adryl hummed under her breath and came toward him with a smile teasing her lips.
“What are you thinking about, Lowie?” She kissed the corner of his mouth sweetly and brushed back his dark hair from his forehead.
“You…” He pulled her against his chest, and his lips found the soft curves of her neck. 

Stelane



Golden streaks of light flashed above Stelane’s eyes as several wild gracor birds flew up ahead. She patted her mammoi, Gusha, affectionately as she slid onto her back. She rubbed the black bushy mane that was between two looped, bumpy black horns. Gusha’s long whip-like tail with a tuft of soft fur on the end swished back and forth. Her giant hooves stomped impatiently for the ride.
“Are you ready to go, Gusha?” Stelane smiled at her mammoi’s eagerness. She gripped the reins and threw her hair over her shoulder. She made Gusha stand still as her mind drifted. How many days were left before Nahor left for school? She tried not to think about it. It was too soon! She hadn’t even taught Glimmer his goodbye song. Stupid bird. The only thing he was apt to sing lately was the workers’ song that got on her nerves. The slaves must have sung it around him. She whistled the goodbye song as she nudged Gusha forward. The mammoi took off at neck breaking speed, her legs going over the frozen ground like the wind. She let the mammoi have her way as she raced around dark, frozen trees that glistened in the morning sunlight. Her father had been acting strange lately. He was quiet and pensive as if he was weighed down by a huge decision. It wasn’t uncommon for him to be stressed, but this seemed different than before. She noticed how her father watched her mother more. It seemed like whatever was on his mind involved her. Of course, her father was always watching her mother with a fierce eye. Gal’adryl had one time wandered away into the Zare territory, where luckily Nahor had found her before her blood boiled. Now, guards were at every gate and the edge of their land.
She loved the feeling of the wind flowing around her and closed her eyes. She would eventually grow up, marry someone amazing, and get out of this place. If her father had his way, she’d remain locked up in this castle for the rest of her life. She pushed the dark thoughts aside. She didn’t want to think about her father right now. She wanted to feel free. She opened her eyes and laughed as elkens danced around her, their white fur glistened, bodies blending into the swirling snow. Antlers that looked like skinny branches of a tree adorned their elegant heads, and their graceful legs were white roots that twisted and moved while they ran.
Snowflakes fell around them, and the elkens’ mouths rose into the air to eat the glittering particles. They weaved in and around Gusha, their noses nudging Stelane’s arms. She touched one gently and rubbed in-between its ears, being careful to avoid the branches. It nuzzled her until Gusha broke ahead of the herd. Stelane looked back as the elkens disappeared into the forest. 
“Gusha, let’s stop here.” She touched the mammoi’s backside, and the animal slowed down to a walk. The forest trees towered above her like mountains of white. Their sparkling, frozen branches surrounded her in silence. She slid off Gusha and walked with her awhile, letting her mind regroup. The wind lifted the hem of her dress making it dance back and forth. 
“I will meet a boy,” she said out loud to herself. Gusha found unfrozen bark and began to nibble at it. Stelane sat down on a low hanging branch and swung her legs back and forth. It felt good to get out of the castle.
“You’re a long way from home, little girl,” said a voice bouncing from every direction. Stelane turned sharply at the sound, but she couldn’t see the source of the voice. 
“Who are you?” Her voice quivered, though she was trying to force it not to. A soft laugh filled the morning air. The trees quaked around her, appearing as nervous as she was. She took a tentative step toward Gusha. “What do you want?” Her hands formed ice crystals. The soft laugh turned darker. Stelane felt fear ripple through her. She clicked to Gusha and pulled herself back up on the muscled creature, her heart pounding in her ears. She didn’t want to stick around to find out who that was. She nudged her ride toward the castle, glancing over her shoulder the entire ride.

King Lowen

The cool floor beneath King Lowen’s feet felt good. He made his way toward the dungeon where the Vullen was kept. He had to get more information before he put his wife under the control of the deadly creature’s song. He towed two guards behind him. As he approached the cell door, he heard a strange tune. It was soft yet harsh sounding at the same time. The melody was complicated, bending back and forth in waves. He felt a sting in the base of his skull and gripped the back of his neck in pain. The two guards beside him did the same thing, and their knees buckled. They stumbled to the side of him falling against the wall. King Lowen staggered but made it to the door of the Vullen he housed. He knocked, and the song immediately ceased. The pain lifted, and he saw his two guards slowly recover. 
“Come in,” the girl said. He cautiously opened the door. “Hello, King Lowen,” she said with a serious tone. “Have you come for me to heal another Zare?” 
King Lowen shook his head and folded his arms across his chest. His two guards slipped into the room behind him and shut the door.
“I need more information from you.”
“Deilia. My name is Deilia.” 
“I need to know if this song works on diseases of the mind,” Lowen asked her. Deilia shivered, and he noticed that she looked uncomfortable with the two guards standing nearby. 
“Can I make you more comfortable?” he asked her. 
“I want my cloak back.” Her eyes looked away.
“Your cloak?” Lowen wondered aloud. Had she come with a cloak when he’d purchased her? The peddlers must have taken it from her. “I can get you a new cloak if you wish.” He unlatched his own from around his shoulders and handed it over to her. She would swim in it. She shook her head.
“No, I must have mine. It doesn’t work like that.” 
“I will look into it immediately.” He motioned toward both of the guards. “Have the two peddlers found, and the Vullen’s cloak brought to me as soon as possible.” 
“Yes, your majesty,” said the guards and slipped out the door. King Lowen turned his attention back to the Vullen child. He waited patiently for her to answer his question. 
“I don’t know if I can cure a disease. I have healed rocks, sticks, and the two Zares. I don’t know the affects of the songs my teacher taught me.” She fidgeted, her face drawn and nervous. King Lowen sighed and turned toward the door.
“I wonder if you can sing over my sick wife?” he asked, his voice sounding heavy. Deilia rose quietly to her feet.
“What’s wrong with her?”
He turned his head over his shoulder. “She has the croo disease. Her mind is slipping into the state of a child more each day.” King Lowen saw the pity in the girl’s eyes.
“I can try, but I don’t know what will happen to her.” Deilia curled her clawed fingers. 
“I wonder if a Wolfinic can help her then.” King Lowen turned back around. Deilia’s eyes snapped upward.
“A Wolfinic? Why do you want a seer?” 
“I have heard legends of how a Wolfinic’s bite can heal any disease.” Hope shimmered in King Lowen’s voice. “I can’t locate one because they stay hidden from all races.” King Lowen approached the girl with caution. “Unless you find one for me.” 
“We do not venture into the seers’ domain,” she said gravely. “Not since El’yi cursed us.” 
King Lowen felt dread go through him. If he couldn’t get to a Wolfinic then there was no hope for Gal’adryl. 
“El’yi may allow it, but I will need my cloak. What do you need me to do?”
“I need you to steal a baby Wolfinic.” 
Chapter 11

Deilia
Neuge City
Icer Castle

Deilia curled and uncurled her sharp nails over and over, her anxiety growing. Darkness hung around her like a thick, suffocating veil. A faint, eerie song drifted in the back of her mind wanting to break free. She would not sing the death song.
She felt a presence in the room, and fear wrapped its bony fingers around her throat.
“Sing…” hissed a harsh voice. She buried her face in her pillow, clenching her jaw as disturbing images manifested in her mind. Why did her father and her people haunt her daily? Why couldn’t she just be normal like them? 
“Shuro…” she said in a broken whisper muffled into her pillow. How could she steal a seer without angering the high Deity El’yi, more? Her people were already forbidden to go outside the borders of their allotted territory. If she helped the king find a Wolfinic pup would she bring a greater curse upon herself and her people? I can’t do it.
The walls around her seemed to be closing in, and she gasped, shivering. My cloak, I want my cloak now. She felt so exposed and raw in this frozen land. Her eyes flashed, she struck the wall, and raked her sharp nails down the stone. The sound was grating and painful on her ears, but she didn’t care. I want out of this prison! 
“Shuro!” She held her face in her hands as sobs escaped her mouth. A high-pitched song lifted into her mind. “I want my Shuro.” Loneliness made her heart squeeze in pain. She heard a knock on her door, and the heated anger returned. How dare he ask her to defy El’yi for him? How dare he. A slave came in and set her tray of food beside her bed. Deilia’s eyes narrowed into slits. She wanted out of here. The death song lingered in her thoughts. All she had to do was open her mouth, and her escape was before her. The girl’s long, scraggily braid swished the floor as she bent over to pick up Deilia’s old dishes. Sing, she told herself. It was just one Zare. All she had to do was sing the death song. Her lips parted, and the little girl looked at her. She was probably ten-years-old, her milky-white eyes were filled with no life, and her splotchy white hand reached out to Deilia.
“Is there something you need, miss?” she asked with a calm voice, not knowing she was facing her death. What would Shuro say if she could see her? Deilia shut her mouth, and the melody dispersed in her mind like a wind sprite fleeing away. She shook her head no. The girl bowed and walked out of the room. 
Tears gathered in Deilia’s eyes as she watched her freedom walk away. Will El’yi be angry if I capture a Wolfinic pup? She touched the door, a tear sliding down her cheek. She knew the king would be coming for her answer to his question. Would she steal a Wolfinic pup? Fear crept through her mind like a cold dagger. If she said ‘no’ what would the king do? She shivered. She’d never get her cloak back if she didn’t say yes. Her soul ached. 
Suddenly, a cold mist filled the room around her. Deilia lifted her clear eyes, her thoughts interrupted. A gray-skinned man, with a long, sallow face stood before her. 
“Who are you?” Deilia wrapped her arms around herself, her curly purple hair falling in front of her face like a shield.
“That doesn’t matter,” he said, and his voice sounded like ice. She trembled and closed her eyes.
“Get away from me. I don’t want to hurt you.”
“I can help you, Vullen. Do what the king says, and you will revive favor with the high Deity for your people.”
“Are you El’yi?” Deilia’s voice quivered as she squirmed under the sight of the man.
“No. I am his messenger.” With that, the strange man disappeared into a gray vapor. Deilia stared at the spot he’d inhabited for several heartbeats before nodding.
“I will find a Wolfinic pup,” she said out loud to no one in particular.

Otsana
Dredge Forest
Wolfinic Village

Otsana ran through the Dredge Forest the darkness so thick it felt suffocating. The wind moaned sadly, and the trees reached out their claws toward her. She could hear her own breath chugging noisily as her paws hit the ground. A silver mist enveloped her, circling around and around. A dark form filled her vision. Sharp teeth flashed from the phantom’s lips, and an eerie song erupted from his lungs. Sharp nails dug into Otsana’s side as the creature bent to whisper in her ear, “We’re coming for you… There is no where you can hide, Seer.” A song rose from the creature’s lips, and Otsana felt her blood beginning to boil from the inside. She howled in anguish. 

Otsana awoke from the night vision, sweat dripping into her eyes. She felt her pup shift inside her and whimpered. What did the cloaked apparition want? Did he have to fill her night visions as well? She heard Mur shift, and his warm head nuzzled her gently.
“Night vision?” he asked her softly. She snuggled into him, her eyes closing. 
“Mur, I fear for our village. I fear our ignorance of the Vullen race will be our demise. Perhaps, we have overlooked an attack on this place. I can’t live in the village if it’s unsafe for Shema.”
“Have you seen anything happen to her, love?” Mur nipped at her ear. 
“No, but why do I dream of the Vullen creature?”
“The elders will discuss it in the morning,” Mur replied. “For now, we must sleep.”
She heard him immediately drift back into a deep sleep. It didn’t take much for Mur to slumber. 
Otsana stretched as she crawled out of bed. She didn’t want to disturb Mur, so she crept outside into the cool night air. It did bother her that the Vullen appeared daily in her thoughts. Was she just being paranoid because she hadn’t foreseen the Vullen? She soaked in the moons’ light as her paws crunched the leaves. She focused deep in her mind and let her visions rise. Maybe she had missed something. Flash after flash scrolled through her subconscious. She could see her pup playing, and the village as it always was. Suddenly, a deep red pain filled her mind. She whimpered, dipped her head down, and put her paws against her nose in fear. A feeling of deep sorrow and darkness increased. What was this? Then it was gone. Her visions of the village returned. The coldness of the red pain lingered in her thoughts as she walked quietly back to her hut.
***
Soundlessly, leaves fell around Otsana as she crouched low to the ground. Her stomach rumbled reminding her that she needed to make a kill and soon. Mur was in another section of the forest. She’d grown restless just sitting at home waiting for her pup’s birth. She followed her visions to the portion of the woods that was the densest. 
An elken ate the moss that lay like a thick carpeting on the ground. It was an easy kill—a boring kill. She searched her visions once again to see if something else was more appealing. She chuckled under her breath at one in particular; at least there was a chase involved. She licked her chops and burst into a full fledge run after the powerful creature called a kelpso. 
She crept toward a tall shella tree, her tail swishing in anticipation. The creature was covered entirely in spikes, except the tail, which was covered in thick scales, and the underbelly was soft. Otsana saw precisely how to flip her dinner. The kelpso wandered from around the corner of a cluster of trees. Its bulging eyes were distracted by the wind sprites that flitted around it. 
Otsana snarled in annoyance. Stupid wind sprites. They were going to change the outcome of her meal. She searched her mind and spotted the avenue of her kill. She counted down three seconds and lunged forward toward the creature. It saw her and blindly ran, crashing through the forest, almost colliding with a tree, its spikes scraping the bark off in curls. 
The wind sprites dispersed with a burst of rainbow colors. She carefully avoided the sorrowful creatures’ touch, jumping over several and swiping at one with her powerful claws. The smell of their blood made her woozy for a moment, but it cleared as she saw the kelpso crush another under its foot. The rest of the wind sprites flew away screeching. She smirked, jumped off a tree in a powerful kick, and grabbed the kelpso by the throat. It tried to shift its body to get at her with its spikes, but she flipped it over with a slam of her paw and plunged her sharp teeth into the tender flesh of its belly. The sweet meat erupted on her tongue, and she consumed it within moments. 
Her muzzle dripped with blood as she glanced around. I haven’t had that much fun in a long time. Her mind shifted to Mur and saw that he had also contained a meaty meal; she barked to get his attention. He ran over and saw her kill. 
“Impressive. I thought you were going for the elken. You are pregnant, love,” he softly admonished her. She licked his ear affectionately.
“Too easy, this one actually got my heart pumping. Plus, I’m sure Shema enjoyed the sweet taste of victory.” She lapped at the leftover blood that seeped from the creature.
“Ready to head back? The time is soon.” His tongue lolled out of his mouth like a pup.
“We still have a few hours.” Otsana grabbed her mate by the scruff and flipped him over. They rolled in the leaves, their noses tenderly nuzzling each other. 
“Elder Pois has affirmed that Shema will be strong.” They lay in the leaves panting, their eyes consumed by the other.
“You’re going to be a great father.” Otsana nudged him with her nose as they rose back to their feet.
“Let’s go!” Mur dove forward, his mate close on his heels. 
***
Otsana pressed her muzzle deep into the chest of her mate. He whispered encouraging words to her as the birthing elder watched them carefully.
“It’s going to be any moment now,” Elder Clema said to Otsana. Otsana had already foreseen the birth and knew what to do. She could feel the process rolling through her body. The pain of her daughter’s arrival would be intense, but well worth it. She felt the urge to push come upon her, and she prepped her mind for birth. 
“Ready, Otsana? Let’s push now,” Elder Clema’s warm voice encouraged. 
“Come on, love,” Mur said with a grin. Otsana clenched her jaw and pushed with all her strength. Pain lapped through her body, and her legs shuddered with the weight of the pup being birthed. The head came forth, and Otsana’s breathing quickened.
“Almost there now! Push!” 
Otsana continued to bear down as the pup’s body began to make its way into the paws of the elder. 
“A girl! What a beautiful pup!” Elder Clema said.
Otsana felt the birth sack slip out and heaved a sigh of relief. That was it. Her daughter was born! She heard Mur yelping with delight as he licked the pup clean as each father did.
“She’s gorgeous!” Mur said.
The elder slipped from the room, her responsibility now completed. Mur would care for the simple duties of cleaning and eating the birth sack. Otsana got a quick glance at the pup and whimpered in love. Shema. Her instinct was to instantly mind link with her baby, but she held it at bay. She would in time. She remembered being tethered to her mama’s mind and didn’t enjoy it in the least bit—there was no freedom in it. She knew it was just a safety precaution, but at the moment she was going to hold off.
“She’s perfect,” she whispered.
Chapter 12
Rhyme Sulstic
Zare Territory



Rhyme Sulstic reached his hand toward the shimmering girl before him. Towering trees dipped their branches down around him, the eyes of Deities watching to see his next move. The girl was covered in a fine blue and purple dust. Her light brown hair was littered with tiny purple flowers and small flowering sticks poked out in odd directions. A Deity. Not the first he had seen since his mother had been taken from him. He had tried to ignore them at first, but it hadn’t worked. 
“Did you find it, Rhyme?” Da’nea asked, her voice like the trickling of a river. Her petite feet hovered inches above the moss-ridden floor of the Dredge Forest. Rhyme touched a pouch at his side and nodded once. The girl’s face lit into a lovely smile, her glowing blue eyes glittering with pleasure. 
“Why do you want a rotten stick?” Rhyme handed a shriveled stick to the Deity before him.
“It’s not just a stick, Rhyme,” her voice sang with excitement. The wind wrapped her dress around her legs. “It is glossmer wood. I can make you a gift with it.” Da’nea gripped the stick like it was a diamond and flew up into the air, the sound of her giggling traveling behind her. Rhyme stared where the Deity had just hovered and shrugged. He had better hurry home, or his fad’ra would be angry. He winced at the thought of his fad’ra’s abusive fist. El’yi had gifted the Zare race with a quick healing ability, but the wounds inflicted still hurt. He turned around with a wave to several Deities and ran home.

Rhyme’s hut was within sight when he heard someone screaming. Sadie! His heart thudded loudly as he searched for where her cries were coming from in the opaque forest. He looked around and spotted a glowing boy beneath a giant osin tree. He scowled and ran to shoo away the Deity that had been haunting Sadrien his sister for the last year and a half. He was a pesky Deity with long yellow hair and a smushed face. His eyes were glowing gray as he stared at Rhyme with a loathing snarl. 
“Get away from her, Uli,” Rhyme said with a wave of a stick. Living on the border of the Deity territory had its annoyances. Uli swirled around the tree, his feet twisted roots that bubbled and boiled around him like tiny poisonous hieths. 
“She stole my rock!” He shook his fist at Rhyme’s ten-year-old sister. Sadie’s fearful face flickered to Rhyme.
“What did he say, Rhyme?” she asked, her voice quivering. She’d never been able to see the Deities like Rhyme could, but she still saw Uli’s actions.
“Sadie, he wants his rock back.” Rhyme crossed his arms over his lean chest.
“This is my rock, Rhyme! I didn’t take any rock from Uli!” She pouted, clinging to a pink rock that danced with sparkles. He could see why his sister wanted to keep it. It would be worth a few coin at the market in Glimma. Rhyme rolled his eyes at Uli.
“Please, you have like a million of those rocks, Uli. Just leave Sadie alone. I promise I’ll find you a new rock.” Rhyme waved his stick unthreateningly at the yellow-haired Deity.
“No! She has to give it back!” Uli shook the base of the tree. His root-like feet climbed up the bark and came within inches of Sadie. She screamed as they grabbed at her ankles.
“Fine, Uli! Let Sadie get down!” Rhyme said. The Deity backed away, and the roots slowly twisted back down to the ground. Sadie climbed down, her mouth curved into an angry scowl.
“Can’t he just let me have one? I just want to buy some new shoes.” She huffed as she handed the rock to Rhyme. 
Rhyme handed it over with a shake of his head. “You’re pitiful,” he said to the Deity. Uli grabbed the rock and dove beneath the ground. He disappeared in a burst of muddy soil. It sprayed Sadie, muddying her clean dress and hit Rhyme’s shirt.
“Hey!” 
Rhyme covered his mouth to hide the laugh that threatened to spill out. 
Sadie and Rhyme made their way toward their hut, his sister still muttering under her breath about Uli’s selfishness. Rhyme stepped in the door, and the breath was knocked from his lungs. His fad’ra Juda was home. He lay sprawled on the couch, a bottle of wine in his hand. His green-golden eyes snapped open when they came in the door. 
“Whereya been?” he slurred with a wave of his bottle. His white hair streaked with green was matted with sweat and filth. Rhyme tucked his little sister behind him.
“Outside,” Rhyme answered for both of them. Juda noticed the mud that stained their clothes. 
“Why you go ruining your clothes?” He staggered to his feet, the wine sloshing on his dirty tan shirt. He swore as he saw the stain appear like a drop of blood. “Look what you made me do!” He slammed the bottle down. The wine exploded, bursting into tiny shards all over the floor. He reached over and grabbed the front of Rhyme’s shirt and lifted him up into the air. 
“You playing with your crazy friends again? I’ve told you to stop that!”
“They’re real, Fad’ra. They’re real Deities,” Rhyme tried to explain. 
“Now, you’re dragging your sister into this? You’re coming with me, pup,” he snarled with a sinister look on his face. Rhyme knew what was coming—this was routine. His fad’ra threw him against the shards of glass and began to throw his fists at him, one blow after another. Sadrien screamed and hid in the furthest corner of the room. Her big brother’s blood began to mix with the spilt wine. 
“I’ve told you to stop talking to them!” Juda lifted his son. 
“I’m sorry, Fad’ra,” Rhyme croaked through his bloody lips. 
“Stop acting crazy!” Juda shoved his son back into the glass and strut from the room.
***
Rhyme lay awake listening to his little sister’s muffled sobs. It was like a shard of glass cutting his heart. He couldn’t move to comfort her, his body still recovering from the painful blows his fad’ra had given him. Sadie had picked the glass from his back and wrapped his wounds carefully. 
“Sadie.” His voice sounded hoarse to his own ears. She lay adjacent to him, trembling.
“It’s my fault, Rhyme. I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have taken Uli’s rock. We wouldn’t have gotten dirty and fad’ra—” her voice broke and she started sobbing into her pillow again. 
“Fad’ra would have beaten me anyways. It’s fine.” Rhyme’s face felt swollen, so he stopped talking for awhile. 
“Why didn’t he punish me? It wasn’t your fault!” 
Rhyme shushed her with a wave of his hand. “Sadie, I would rather him beat me than you. I can handle it.” Rhyme felt the pain ripple through his shoulder as the bone popped back into place. He moaned in anguish. Sadie came out of bed and put a hand to his forehead.
“You alright?” Her white and lavender curls hung around her baby face.
“I’m fine. Go to sleep. It will just take a little longer than normal. He put my shoulders out of place that’s all.” Rhyme clenched his fist under the covers as the other shoulder popped. His mind flickered to his older brother Oni’on. Why didn’t he come home? He pushed those thoughts aside. Sadie grabbed his hand, her eyes filled with guilt and pain. He looked away from her. He was fine.
***
Golden sunlight filtered through the window of the small hut, making Rhyme stir from his deep sleep. He heard a voice bickering just beyond his door and groaned. He pressed his hand against his chest, noticing that the wounds were almost all faded. Who was arguing? He shoved his feet out of bed and winced. He rolled his neck and stretched his taut muscles. 
“Rhyme…” a voice cooed from the window. A girl covered in a lacy cloak, stared at him with piercing green eyes. Her fingers ran along the windowsill creating tiny flowering buds.
“Venna, I can’t…I…” he tried to say, “if my fad’ra sees me talking to you, he’ll punish me again. Maybe later.” He managed to stand to his feet, his head swirling from loss of blood.
“You’re hurt!” She stepped inside the hut with a rush of wind. Her fingers carefully brushed his shoulder.
“You…shouldn’t let him do that, Rhyme.” She skipped around his room, a flowery smell drafting behind her.
“I can’t stop him. If I defend myself, he might hurt Sadie instead.” He shoved his pants on and brushed his shoulder length white-red hair out of his face.
“Do you wish me to dispose of him for you?” She crunched her foot down on a scomperoo that had scurried into his room unnoticed by him.
“No.” He shouldered into his red shirt and tried to brush off the dirt from the day before. “You could take care of this.” He pointed at the dirt stain on his clothes and scattered on the floor.
“Yes, of course!” She smiled at him and touched the floor with her bare foot. The dirt soaked into her leg and disappeared. She brushed his shirt with the tip of one finger. The stain wrapped around her slender wrist and swirled into her skin. 
“Thanks.” He smiled as she whirled out the window with a giggle. Rhyme stepped into the kitchen and saw his fad’ra arguing with some man. He was thin and wiry, but Rhyme could tell that he was sly. He was trying to get coin out of his drunken fad’ra. Rhyme avoided them easily and stepped out into the morning air. He spotted Sadrien playing in a tree. Her giggles were infectious as little scruffs climbed on top of her.
“That tickles!” One of the little creatures licked her cheek. He smiled at her. 
“Are you hungry, Sadie?” Three Deities instantly swirled around him, their glowing orbs for eyes twinkling like stars.
“Can you play?” they asked him in unison. He ignored them, helping his little sister out of the tree. 
“A little.”
“I have some coin. Let’s go into Glimma today and buy some food.” He grabbed her hand and started walking toward the village where his brother lived. 

Cold eyes stared at Rhyme as he walked briskly into the midst of Glimma. The villagers were always unfriendly to him and his family. He knew what they thought of his fad’ra. He felt the heavy weight of the pink stone in his pouch. He’d snatched it from Uli when he wasn’t looking. He needed to buy his baby sister some shoes and a satchel full of food for their hut. 
Zares bustled around him, bumping into him and Sadrien. He kept her close to his side as he walked toward the merchants who were loudly shouting their products to everyone. He exchanged the rock for a bag of coin. Sadie pulled on his hand at the sight of a booth that was full of colorful dresses and shoes.
“Rhyme!” She twitched with excitement. He glanced at the price and grimaced. That was everything they had. 
“Sadie, we have to look somewhere else.” He ushered her toward another less expensive booth.

A loud clambering noise startled Rhyme as he sifted through some dresses for his little sister. They’d already purchased her a new pair of shoes. Sadie jumped beside him, her head turning sharply. Loud shouts echoed throughout the streets as a man swung his fists at anyone who was near him.
“Where are they? They stole my coin! I’ll kill that little Worge-eater!” Juda’s voice hit Rhyme in the gut. His fad’ra was looking for them. He grabbed Sadie’s hand, clutching a purple dress in his fist. Onlookers crowded the market as his fad’ra made a fool of himself for all to see. Rhyme weaved his way back toward the Dredge Forest—within feet of his escape.
“Get back here!”
Rhyme froze, his little sister whimpering beside him. Juda thundered his way toward them, grabbed Rhyme by the arm, and pulled him out of Sadie’s grasp. She stumbled back and fell onto the dirt. He shoved Rhyme down into the dusty ground. A crowd started to gather around the commotion Juda was causing. He kicked Rhyme in the side. Rhyme tried to get to his feet, but another blow kept him down.
“Leave the boy alone!” a voice snapped from the crowd, but Juda left it unheard. He hovered over his son like a storm cloud, his body trembling with fury.
“You stole from me!” He brought his fist into Rhyme’s face with a loud crunching noise. The people around them gasped in horror. Rhyme cried out in pain.
“I didn’t steal anything from you! Go home, Fad’ra!” He got to his feet, swaying slightly. Juda scooped up a thick stick that lay on the ground and swung it toward Rhyme with long arcs. Rhyme jumped back, knocking into several boys that had been standing too close. He dodged the blows with an agile twist. Something behind his fad’ra caught his attention. A whirlwind of blue and purple dust swirled. A powerful, glowing figure was in the center of it. Da’nea held out a glowing white staff; the bark was intertwined with Deity markings. 
“Da’nea!” he called to her, trying to maneuver around his abusive fad’ra.
“Rhyme! Your gift from the Deities!” she said with a shrill sound. She tossed the staff in the air, the wind carrying it toward him. Juda caught up to his son, throwing a punch to his gut. Rhyme doubled over, fell to the ground, his fad’ra pinning him with his knee, the staff clambering just out of reach. 
A child touched the weapon then backed away as it shriveled like a wizened elder. The crowd began to murmur not seeing where the staff had come from. 
“Da’nea!” Rhyme said with fear as he saw the Deity fade in and out. She wasn’t supposed to be so far from the Dredge Forest. “Get out of here!”
The girl danced with anxiety around his fad’ra and him, trying to pick the staff back up, but her translucent fingers slipped right through it. 
“Use it!” With a twist of dust, she flew back toward the darkness of the forest. 
“This madness must stop!” Juda pressed a sharp stone to his son’s head. “Even if I have to cut it out of you!” The crowd gathered around them, but no one raised a finger to help Rhyme. That wasn’t the way it worked in Glimma—parents could do as they pleased with their children. Sadie suddenly screamed as her fad’ra sliced the sharp rock across Rhyme’s exposed head. Rhyme’s fist fell open, and the purple garment fell from his grasp. Juda stood to his feet. His son would be fine. He glanced at the stick that lay dull and shriveled in the sunlight, sniffed, and spat out the corner of his mouth. He wrenched his daughter’s hand into his own and dragged her away. 
“Rhyme! You killed Rhyme!” Sadie screamed and desperately pulled against her fad’ra’s hand. 
“He’s fine. It was just a scratch,” Juda muttered as he shoved past the crowd of disapproving people.
Chapter 13
Cool hands touched Rhyme’s skin. He could hear someone singing an airy song. What happened? He moaned and suddenly remembered. Sadie! His eyes flew open and he sat upright. He regretted it instantly, his head swam. 
“Whoa…lie back down,” an elderly voice said, touching his forehead once more. 
“Sadie…” he moaned. 
“Your fad’ra took her home.”
Rhyme’s eyes finally focused on a wizened face, a white beard, and pure golden eyes. A priest? He touched his head and winced. 
“Your fad’ra cut you pretty deep. It will take time to recover from the wound. You should lie still until it heals.” 
Rhyme lay back down carefully and stared up at the tall ceiling that arched high above him. 
“Is this yours?” The priest held out a stick wrapped in a cloth.
“Yeah.” Rhyme’s voice came out hoarse. The priest put the stick down beside him and turned to leave the room. “Thank you, Elder.” 
The priest paused for a long moment. “You saw one didn’t you?” Great concern filled his eyes.
“Saw one?”
“A dissolved Deity. You said her name, Da’nea. I’ve read about every dissolved Deity that inhabits the Dredge Forest.”
“She made this staff for me as a gift.” Rhyme swallowed the lump in his throat at the thought of Da’nea and her fading body. He hoped she had made it back to the Dredge Forest safely without fading from Jade completely.
“It’s impossible to see Da’nea. She’s dissolved,” the priest said as if Rhyme was dense. 
“The Deities don’t dissolve if they stay in their domain,” Rhyme explained as he picked up the staff and held onto it. It began to glow and thrum in his hand as if alive. 
The priest let out a curse and jumped back from Rhyme. “What is this?” 
Rhyme sensed the priest’s fear. 
“Is that glossmer wood?” he asked. Rhyme turned the wood over in his hand.
“I think so. She just told me she could make me a gift with it,” Rhyme said.
“How often do you see Deities?”
Rhyme closed his eyes thinking of all the Deities that inhabited his world. 
“All the time, Elder.”
The priest’s eyes widened, and he backed away from the boy. “How is that possible?”
***
Rhyme drifted in and out of sleep as his body recovered from the wound his fad’ra had inflicted. He heard singing and briefly opened his eyes. Venna stared at him with her green eyes, her lacy cloak slipped over her locks. 
“Are you ill, Rhyme? Why haven’t you returned home?” She dipped her head down, her dark brown colored tresses sweeping his cheek. 
“Is Sadie alright?” he asked, ignoring her question about him.
“Sadie? Oh. Yes. I think so.” Venna seemed confused as she stared at him. “Your head is wounded.” Her eyes darkened. “Who did this to you?” Her body began to glow, and her graceful fingers filled with a green energy.
“It was my fad’ra. Why are you here? Isn’t it dangerous for you to be here?” He sat up slightly but slid back down when his head swam. 
“I miss you…” She flew up and around him, her lacy cloak fluttering. She hovered above his bed and touched his face gently. “I wish…things were different. I—” She glanced up sharply at the sound of footsteps. The priest stood in the doorway.
“Who are you talking to, boy?” 
Venna’s eyes narrowed in frustration, and her fingers curled into sharp points. 
“Venna,” Rhyme said before he thought about it. The priest trembled with fear. 
“Venna? Venna?” He dropped the scroll that he’d been holding. “You see Venna in here right now?” 
Rhyme nodded, wondering why the news upset the priest so much.
“Get out of my temple! You blaspheme this sacred ground!” His hands glowed with hot light by the second. “Get out!” He shoved Rhyme off the cot and covered his own body in a brilliant light. Rhyme caught himself and staggered to his feet. Blood dripped down his cut and mixed with his hair. 
“You’re not going to let me recover?” Rhyme asked dumbfounded. Venna screeched at the priest who held the light orbs in front of him like a shield. Rhyme still held the glowing staff.
“I want no part of this curse you have brought into my temple! Glossmer is a weapon only a Deity can wield and Venna…” The priest didn’t finish as he faced a golden bowl full of dripping oil, his lips moving in prayer. “You have been touched in your mind. You are cursed with the Deities’ touch.” 
Rhyme managed to walk toward the door, still clutching the gift Da’nea had given to him. Venna had gone back to the Dredge Forest, hissing toward the priest. Rhyme nearly fell into the street as the door to the temple slammed shut behind him. He stared up at the pinnacle of the temple and trembled. El’yi’s priest’s words reverberated in his mind over and over. He was cursed. Rhyme stared at the staff in his hand.  
“Da’nea, what is this?” The noise of the market began to intensify as people murmured around him. He heard whispers and could feel the villagers’ eyes boring into him. They must have seen him getting tossed out of El’yi’s temple. 
“What is this?” One man motioned toward the staff in Rhyme’s hand as the young boy dusted himself off. “It looks valuable. Give it here, pup.” He laughed to a couple of his friends near him. Rhyme recognized them as the village bullies.
“No.” He narrowed his eyes. A man with purple and white hair and a scar running along his cheek stepped forward, trying to intimidate Rhyme.
“Well, then I’ll take it from your bloody, broken hand.” The man cracked his knuckles and moved forward with a laugh from his group of friends. The glossmer weapon began to glow, startling the man back a step.
“Whoa! Impressive trick, did your mad’ra teach you that? Too bad I learned the same trick from her last night.” The man made crude gestures and gained jeering laughter from behind him.
“Leave me be.” Rhyme tried to make his way around the group of men but was shoved back by one.
“Where you going? You’re not leaving until I have that staff. Plus, maybe tonight I’ll have your mad’ra again. She was mighty good.” He lunged forward at Rhyme, trying to grab hold of the staff. Rhyme darted around him easily and jumped back several feet. He heard the sounds of the young man’s friends’ laughter.
“He’s like a wind sprite. Maybe we should give him a dress to match his dainty feet, Kod!” said a white and orange haired man with a scruffy face. 
“I’ll dress him when he’s dead,” Kod said and smiled at some women that had gathered to watch the show. He swung his fists at Rhyme’s face. Rhyme ducked and with light feet avoided Kod.
“Why don’t you use your little stick, pup?” Kod laughed and motioned toward his friends. Someone threw him a roughly made rusty sword. 
“Come on.” 
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Rhyme said, feeling the pressure of the circle of Kod’s friends closing in around him. The sun beat down on Rhyme scorching his face, sweat dripping in his eyes.
“I want that staff.” 
“No, you don’t.” Rhyme tried to escape the circle again but ran right into the arms of one of the other men who shoved him back toward Kod.
“Come on, take a swing at me.” Kod swung his sword and managed to cut Rhyme’s shirt open. Blood trickled from the gash, dripping onto the dusty ground. Rhyme hissed in pain and the glossmer staff glowed brighter.
“Fight me!”
“Hey, isn’t he Juda’s son? Doesn’t he have a sister? Pretty little thing too.”
“You leave Sadie out of this!” Rhyme felt anger brew underneath the surface.
“That sweet little thing would make a good bed warmer for me. I probably could convince that drunk of a fad’ra of yours to sell her to me as my little whore,” Kod boasted, swinging his sword again. His broad chest puffed up, as he obscenely made motions. 
“Don’t you dare touch Sadie!” Rhyme swung the staff, and it whistled through the air shrilly. The sound caught Kod off-guard, and he stumbled back in surprise. His friends shouted insults, the circle getting tighter. A blinding light emanated from the staff, so that Rhyme could hardly see his opponent in front of him. Pain shot across his back as the sword was plunged into his flesh. He screamed in anguish, swinging the staff around him, knocking Kod off his feet with a hissing noise. He heard the man curse and fall on his back with a thud. 
Rhyme stumbled, his lungs aching. Another man advanced and swiped a sword across Rhyme’s exposed chest. A deep wound opened, dirtying the ground around them. Kod’s friends closed the circle off, throwing punches at the young boy. Rhyme clutched the staff, burying his face into the dusty ground.
“Da’nea,” he whispered. Darkness swarmed his mind.
***
“Rhyme…Rhyme…” a voice whispered over and over. Rhyme stirred. Someone giggling made him moan. He tried to get his body to cooperate. What had happened? His memories jumbled together in his head as he managed to open his eyes and look around. He was in the middle of the Dredge Forest. How had he gotten here? He looked down and saw that the staff was still clutched in his hand. He trembled in fear. Why didn’t he remember anything? How had he gotten here? He leaned up against an ilis tree, drawing in a deep breath. He touched his head and felt that it was completely healed. He looked at the staff again. 
“Da’nea?” he whispered into the misty forest. A sobbing sound bounced off the trees until it hit him in the chest. “Da’nea!” he called louder, holding the weapon up. It illuminated the trees around him. He looked up into the moss-covered branches and saw pale faces peeking at him between the lush leaves. He tried to find the Deity’s familiar face. A sob gripped his attention and his feet hit the ground with quick steps. Her crying continued, until he rested beneath a great tree with white roots twisted all around it like veins.
“Rhyme? Did you get it? Did you get my weapon?” Her voice sounded far off, her face fading in and out of the white glossmer tree. Her fingers reached through the trunk and touched his cheek gently. “You must complete your training.” Her eyes grew misty with tears. “Learn how to use it. You must learn how to use it. Venna…” Her fingers slipped back into the tree trunk. With a sigh, her face disappeared. 
“Da’nea? What about Venna?” Rhyme touched the tree where her face had just been. He let his hand fall to his side and stared at the weapon the dissolved Deity had given him. 
Chapter 14
Dredge Forest

Scrowl fixated his gaze on the far edge of the forest. His ears flickered back and forth, his nostrils flaring with the oddity of the smell that was coming closer and closer. He would have to make a decision and soon. He would either have to strike to kill or turn and flee at this moment. He opted for the kill since the smell was something that intrigued him. He was slender, tall, scaly, gray skinned, and had teeth as sharp as a razor. His ears were the only part of his body that was covered in a thick black fur and a thin tail twitched methodically, balancing his posture. 
He could hear the scuffling of the creature he hunted. He would prove once and for all that they did exist. The hunter instinct took over, and he leapt forward. His legs transformed into scaly hided claws, his face contorting downward into a long scaled snout. He came face to face with the rummaging creature and paused for a brief second. It was a pup—little more than a week old he suspected. Whenever there was a pup around that meant a mother was near. Suddenly, his impulse to kill was overridden with his need to survive. This had been a bad idea. He saw the pup out of the corner of his eye and heard a throaty growl. His life flashed before him, the mouth of a powerful creature coming straight at his face. Darkness followed.

Otsana
Dredge Forest
Wolfinic Village



Otsana picked the flesh from her teeth with her clawed paw, her black eyes gazing lovingly over her small pup. She’d seen the hunter ages ago, but she just figured she’d give the Worge a few moments of glory before eating him. He wasn’t unpleasant to her tongue, but neither did she crave the scaly creatures. Shema growled playfully up at her. Otsana picked her up by the scruff and flung her mirthfully into the air. The Wolfinic pup barked as she landed safely back on her paws. Otsana pressed her big wet nose into her pup’s stomach and snuffed. 
“Shema, it’s time to sleep. We must go, lil’ flower.” She gripped the pup by the scruff once more and flung her up onto her back. Shema nipped at her mama’s ear and let out a content growl. 
***
Otsana covered Shema up by a fur. The small pup curled up and closed her eyes. A low chuckle resounded somewhere behind her.
“I saw that, love,” said a scratchy voice.
“I thought the poor thing deserved a chance to at least see his prey. I would never have let him come too close to her.” A toothy smile spread across Otsana’s face, her thick copper and black fur covered most of her long nose, and her tangled fur was encrusted with mud. 
“I know…” said Mur. His blue-black fur with silver tips twisted around his body in knots, and his yellowed teeth formed a grin back. He rubbed his nose into his mate’s neck her loud yips of joy filling the walls of their home.
***
Cold darkness struck Otsana’s heart like a dagger. It drove deeper until rivers of black mist flowed down her ragged chest. Visions flashed over and over of horror scenes. A whimper escaped her lips as she ran toward a light. The darkness pressed on her from every side. A pool of blood lay before her and inside it laid her pup, her fur shredded. Her head arched back in anguish, and a long howl escaped her lips. She bent down, trying to nudge the pup back to life.
Otsana awoke with a start. Her breath came out in quick short huffs. Her dark eyes instantly went to the corner where Shema lay curled up on warm furs. The panic she felt in the dream had seeped over into reality. Tears slipped down from the corners of her eyes. To satisfy her own pain, she quietly pressed her nose into Shema’s coarse fur and inhaled the pup’s smell.
“The night visions…will not be true, love. I won’t let them be true,” she whispered through her tears. Her tongue gently licked the pup’s face. Shema yipped in her sleep and turned over. 
***
The village of the Wolfinics was always noisy. Pups swatted at each other, their playful yips filling the air with jubilance. Roughly hewn houses were jutting apart from each other, their contents inside filled with bits and scraps.
Otsana smiled to herself at the thought of the foolish Worge who had it in his mind to capture one of them. The scaly things weren’t the brightest creatures on Jade that was for sure. She chuckled, shook her mangy head back and forth, licked her chops, and remembered the meal. Suddenly, something thumped against her back leg. She turned her head to see a disoriented pup.
“Hello there, Disil.” She nudged the pup to make sure he wasn’t injured and licked his face. “You’ll be alright. You must look before you leap!” she said in a good-natured tone. The little male pup smiled, his tongue lolling out of his slobbery mouth. Otsana continued walking as she saw the little pup bound away just as happy as ever. They had every right to be happy and playful; they hadn’t matured into the visions yet. At the thought of her pup seeing the things she’d seen since maturity, she shuddered. Elder Pois saw her and grinned.
“Otsana! Welcome! Refreshing to watch aren’t they?” The female was completely white except her nose which was a coal black. 
“My own daughter went out with me.” Otsana nudged the older Wolfinic in affection. 
“Oh, how they grow! In just a bit of time they are chasing the males!” Elder Pois said. The smile seemed to slide from the elderly Wolfinic’s face, and Otsana knew that she was having a vision. Elder Pois stood frozen, her eyes turning white. When the elder came back to her senses, Otsana saw a look of confusion cross her face. 
“I must—be going…” she said, forgetting to give the affectionate nudge before leaving. Otsana found her thoughts turning to last night’s vision. Her mind shut down the possibility that the elder had seen the same thing. 
Otsana licked her fur roughly trying to push the thoughts from her mind. If the elder had seen something concerning Shema, she would have said so. It must have been something else that had distracted her from the typical friendship gestures. 

Rhyme
Zare Territory


Rhyme stood outside his fad’ra’s hut contemplating what he was about to do. Did he dare step back into that place? What about Sadie? He heard Deities whispering around him but ignored them—they were trying to warn him. Was Da’nea permanently dissolved? Her last words to him drove into his skull over and over. But how was he supposed to learn to use the staff? What exactly did Venna have to do with it? And why had it made the priest so full of fear? 
He could hear someone screaming as he got near the door of the hut. His heart began to panic. Sadrien! All anxiety was replaced with concern for his sister. He flung open the door and winced as he saw Sadie curled up in the corner of the room trembling. Broken furniture lay scattered all over the floor. When he stepped in, Juda’s face curled into a sick smile. 
“Welcome home, pup.” His fingers curled around Sadie’s arm. He yanked her to her feet; bruises of his abuse were up and down her body. Anger erupted from Rhyme, he pulled the staff Da’nea had given him in front of him and swung it with precision. The end hit his fad’ra right off his feet. Juda landed with a loud thud, roared in anger, rolled back to his feet, and charged his son. 
Sadie screamed, getting out of their way as the two crashed together in a blaze of motion. Rhyme’s smaller frame gave him the disadvantage, but he was faster than his fad’ra. He twisted out of Juda’s grasp and landed another blow with his glossmer staff. Juda howled in pain, and Rhyme heard a strange hissing noise. He turned his head sharply as a burn mark appeared on his fad’ra’s chest. 
“Get out of here! You wretched Worge-dung!” Juda shook his fist. He touched the burn mark and winced in pain. 
“Not without her.” Rhyme pointed at Sadie, who had tear stains on her cheeks. She tried coming to Rhyme, but Juda blocked her with his arm.
“No. She stays. You go. I don’t want you in my house.” 
Rhyme could see that his fad’ra actually believed Sadie was better off with him than her crazy brother.
“Give me Sadie.” Rhyme held the glossmer staff firmly, staring his fad’ra down.
“Come and take her then!” Juda grabbed Sadie by the hair and held a sharp stone to her throat. She cried in fear, squirming in his arms. “If you take her, I will find her, and no one in Glimma will stop me from beating her to death.”
“Give her to me! You’re hurting her!” Rhyme’s face burned with fire, and the staff was glowing with a ravishing light. 
“Get out of my house.” Juda pressed the stone closer to Sadie’s throat and twisted her arm to the point of breaking. The little girl began to sob.
“No, Fad’ra, no…” she whimpered in pain. The glaze of red began to fade as Rhyme saw what was happening before his eyes. His fad’ra would kill her. He had no choice but to leave his baby sister behind.
“Fine.”  
***
Rhyme made his way toward the door. He shouldered a satchel, a fistful of coin, the gift from Da’nea, and a deep scowl on his young face. He swept past his younger sister on the way, her hands clawing at his leg.
“Rhyme, Rhyme, where are you going? Don’t leave me! Please don’t leave me!” she said through her tears. Her golden-lavender eyes pleaded with him. He unlatched her fingers from his leg and bent down to her sun-kissed face.
“I have to leave, Sadie. I’m sorry,” he said. His short haired fad’ra stood in the doorframe of the kitchen.
“Don’t come back!”
Rhyme didn’t look back as he slammed out the door and into the whipping wind. Where would he go? All he could think of as he looked up into the trees was Sadie. The sound of her sobs racked through his mind like claws. Would his fad’ra beat her? There is nothing I can do about it now. His fad’ra was an abuser, and always would be an abuser until the day El’yi took him—which Rhyme hoped was sooner rather than later. He shook with anger as he heard his fad’ra start screaming again. Poor Sadrien. He tried not to think about it. His feet fell onto the hard packed ground.
Warmth flooded Rhyme’s skin as he stepped onto Glimma’s border. Valleys rippled with red and purple briani flowers, a giant wave of color against the silver blue grass. Why they didn’t live in Glimma was his fad’ra’s fault. After his fad’ra went so far into debt that he went to the Icer king for help, his family had been forced to move from his home seven years ago. The land they currently lived on was barely heated enough to support his family’s warm-blooded bodies. It had been just a portion of the exchange they had made for Juda to get out of debt.
A bitter taste filled Rhyme’s mouth as his feet hit the spongy grass that hungrily wrapped around his ankles. He couldn’t give it what it longed for. Light. It swooshed around him as he made his way toward Glimma Village. 
Trees stretched out their twisted multi-colored arms around him. The sun broke through the branches making splotches of dancing light on Rhyme’s tan face. White, purple, and golden gracor birds with long beaks jumped from branch to branch as he walked. They hissed their hello. Their giant wings filled the air above him as they took off into the air together. 
It was a good ways to the main part of the village, and he wasn’t familiar with the warrior training. He longed for it more than air, to be able to bend the light and make his feet move as fast as the wind like the ancient legends spoke of. He’d heard rumors that there were warriors that came and went in the village, but it was hard to believe when he’d never seen them in his lifetime. His mad’ra used to tell him stories of his grandfa’ who’d been a warrior and had disappeared one evening without returning.
His elder brother Oni’on lived in Glimma—where exactly he wasn’t sure. Rhyme hoped that his brother had changed in the last seven years. He had done exactly what Rhyme did to Sadie. Left. Rhyme had felt betrayed having to face his fad’ra’s wrath alone. He approached the open square, Zare children with white and streaks of colored hair bolted across the streets. They chased each other, their jubilant calls ringing back and forth. 
Doghins, an animal with spotted, short fur, an elongated nose, multiple long fuzzy ears, and yellow eyes that shimmered, raced behind them nipping at their heels. Rhyme felt a breeze blow by him and jumped in surprise as a blur of wind sprites danced around him. He’d forgotten to watch for the little creatures. Their tiny faces, dancing hair, sharp fingers, and ever changing colorful bodies swirled around him. He lightened his mood to war them off, since they were attracted to sorrow. He saw their multi-colored bodies twist away riding on the wind.
Chapter 15


Glimma Village was a hubbub of noise and color. Merchants flashed their wares trying to sell their products for any amount of coin customers would offer. Rhyme had hardly any coin to his name, but most Zares would hire a young boy to haul wood, help clear property, or any other backbreaking task. He would have to offer his services once he found a place to sleep. He wandered through the streets for quite some time before an elder distracted him. He was covered with a sack, and his white hair was full of ash.
“Be prepared! The end is near! The battle of our lives is upon us! Learn the ways of the light!” His scratchy voice was hardly heard as he waved his skinny arms like a banner. Rhyme had wanted to be trained in the light since he was three-years-old, despite his fad’ra’s outcry against it. Very few warriors were left on Jade, if any. Rhyme hoped that at least one remained. He passed a booth that was selling rare medicines, their flashy colors boasted good health, love herbs, as well as various small bottles full of odds and ends. A doghin suddenly darted in front of him. He tried to steady himself but lost balance and fell into the back of a bigger young man. The doghin raced away yelping its strange pitchy cry. The younger man turned around, his hands shaking with anger.
“What is this?” He caught a glimpse of Rhyme, and his face turned into a sneer. “You looking for trouble, Worge-breath?” He crossed his arms over his broad chest. Rhyme shook his head, taking a step back. His heel caught the edge of a wooden crate full of osa fruit causing him to stumble to the ground. The fruit soared up into the air in sweeping purple streaks. 
I should run, Rhyme thought as the young man roared in outrage as the fruit came crashing down on top of his head. Rhyme scrambled to his feet and started running through the market. The angry young man barreled behind him like a mammoi. Rhyme’s agile body zigzagged around people, carts, and animals. He slipped into an alley and climbed up and over a wall. He pressed himself against it quieting his breathing. He heard the bigger Zare romp by. After awhile, he slipped from the alley and ran. 
Rhyme ambled past the temple, his eyes taking in the beauty of it. The outside was covered in glistening gold gems, and the tower piqued into a seven-pointed star, the symbol of El’yi—Zares came in and out every few minutes. Personally, Rhyme thought the rituals were pointless. One man caught his eye. He was more massive than any Zare Rhyme had ever seen. He had wide shoulders, a narrow face that looked like it had seen many battles, and scars that traveled along his skin like little rivers. His hip boasted a jewel-encrusted weapon such as Rhyme had never seen before. The man’s cloak was embroidered with the fire embrodd, the flower of El’yi. He paused in mid-step to look down at Rhyme who hadn’t even graced the stone steps of the temple. Fear crept up Rhyme’s spine. The man’s eyes glowed like blue fire and his skin shimmered in the sun. A Deity? If this Deity was ever hostile Rhyme was certain he could crush 50 men. 
“Hello, boy.” The Deity’s eyes shone with amusement at Rhyme’s obvious discomfort. “Come to pray?” Like a tower of strength, he stepped down the last few steps to be standing right in front of Rhyme. Rhyme’s limbs trembled.
“Yes,” he said around the dry lump in his throat. The Deity laughed heartily, slapping Rhyme on the back.
“I’m not going to eat you. I used to train warriors of the light.”
“My grandfa’s a warrior of the light.”
The Deity leaned down to Rhyme’s height. “And who might he be?” His white hair shone in the sunlight like fire. 
“Pod Lemno,” Rhyme said. The great Deity stood back up rubbing his chin. 
“I’ve heard of him. Has he been found?” 
Rhyme shook his head back and forth. 
“Do you want me to show you a trick?” The great big Deity stared into Rhyme’s red-golden eyes with a grin. All Rhyme could do was nod. The Deity made two giant fists, his hands lighting with a brilliant glow as if someone had struck a flint. They were the largest light orbs Rhyme had ever seen. His eyes filled with amazement as the man extinguished the lights with a clench of his hands. 
“Did you like that?” he asked with amusement caressing his voice. He rubbed Rhyme’s head with a smile and walked away.
“Excuse me!” Rhyme called out after the Deity.
“What is it, boy?” he asked with a boisterous laugh.
“Where can I learn?” Rhyme’s heart beat faster as the Deity came back toward him. 
“There is nothing to learn, the light is in you.” The man sparked a light orb in his hand and shot it up into the sky. Rhyme stared at him with confusion and longed for what this Deity treated lightly. 
“Oh.” That’s all he could think to say as the man turned from him with another hearty laugh and disappeared. 
***
Rhyme walked into the midst of the village market looking at each booth as he walked by. A man sat behind a beautifully polished table, his double chin resting on his chest. He turned his squinty golden-blue eyes to Rhyme as he whittled a statue.
“Morning,” he drawled, chipping away. Figurines with beautiful expressions dotted the table. “Looking for a gift for your mad’ra?” the man asked with a glint in his eye. He set what he was carving down and began a long run on explanation of each personal figurine. 
“Thank you, sir, but I wanted to ask you a question,” Rhyme said quickly before the man could carry on another hour about his creations.
“Alright.” 
“Do you need a lumberjack? I’m looking for a job.”
The man stood to his feet, rubbing his fat chin.
“Well, boy, in fact I was just telling the wife this morning that I wanted to hire a boy to gather wood for me. You got yourself a job.” He reached out his chubby hand and Rhyme shook it. 
“Thank you, sir!” Rhyme smiled. The merchant sat back down and started carving again.
“Go inside our tent there, and my wife Lilli will instruct you the types of wood I need.” He glanced at an off-white tent behind the booth. 
Upon entering, Rhyme could smell several types of wood that lay gathered in piles. It looked as if their supplies were running low. 
“Good morning. I’m Lilli, can I help you?” asked a woman with a warm smile. She was short and skinny, unlike her husband. 
“Your husband hired me as a lumberjack. He told me to ask you what kinds of wood I needed to gather,” Rhyme hurriedly explained. The woman’s mouth curled into a genuine smile.
“Oh, that’s great news! Come, I will make a list for you of what he needs.” She walked toward the back of the tent, pulled out a piece of parchment, and placed it on a table resting on the side of the room. She grabbed a quill and an inkpot and began to make a list.
“Did he warn you of the dangers of this job?” Lilli raised her eyes to meet his. 
“No.” 
“Well, most of the rare types of wood are in the Dredge Forest.” She let the information sink in for a moment. The Dredge Forest? Rhyme thought as he stood there. He’d been there enough times with the Deities, but he’d heard rumors of other dangerous creatures that lurked in the forest. He turned his attention back to her.
“Does the pay compensate?” he asked her. Lilli handed him the list.
“The pay is listed beside the types of wood, as well as where it’s found. The Dredge Forest wood is something our customers constantly ask us for, so if you can gather it, then we will pay you the full amount listed.” She let him look at the list. Rhyme’s eyebrows went up at the pay.
“You’ll pay me that much for just gathering wood?” he asked her with suspicion. Lilli rubbed her hands on her apron and nodded.
“We charge triple that amount.” 
“I’ll do it. Thank you for the job,” Rhyme said.
“You’re welcome.”
Rhyme ducked back out of the tent. The merchant motioned toward him.
“Did she give you the list?” he asked. Rhyme nodded. “If you can gather ilis wood I will kiss you myself. I’ve had five customers this morning alone request it, and they told me they would pay highly for it. I will make it well worth your efforts. I have a mammoi and cart you can borrow when you go gather the wood. Just have it back as soon as you can. My name is Nikin Jenson by the way.” The overweight Zare smiled at him.
“I’m Rhyme Sulstic, it’s nice to meet you. I’ll be sure and hurry back with the wood, sir. Thank you for the job. Do you know of an inn nearby where I could live?”
“No need to search for that. Lilli and I own the Living Inn at the end of the road here. We can remove the charges from what you gather.”
Rhyme couldn’t believe his good fortune. He’d found a job and a place to live in one sitting.
“Thank you again, Mr. Jenson.”
“Oh, call me Nikin.” The man waved as a customer came to the table. He concentrated on the woman, leaving Rhyme for a moment to stand there. 
“Just go talk to Lilli, and she’ll give you a key to your room.” 
“Thank you,” Rhyme responded, then walked back inside the tent, got his key, and headed toward the inn. 

Oni’on

Oni’on made his way through the village market, his eyes darting over the wares being displayed. He scowled at the slave auctions. His eye twitched at the sight of the young being sold because of debt. His mind lingered on a girl from his childhood that had been sold to the Icer king’s castle. He’d found himself falling for her, but when she’d been sold as a slave it had been over before it began.
He understood that the Zares had to eat, but selling their own children to that filthy king? He spat out the side of his mouth as he strode past, his jaw jerking. He heard a little girl start crying when a sturdy looking man purchased her. It was rare that a Zare bought another Zare, but it did happen on occasion. Generally, those in debt traveled to Neuge City, the Icer domain, and bartered with the king. It made Oni’on sick to think about it. His mind wandered as he walked, so he almost didn’t see a boy that stopped right in front of him. It took him a moment to recognize him.
“Rhyme?”
“Oni’on?” Rhyme sized him up and down, his eyes widening with unbelief.
“Why are you here? Why aren’t you at home?” 
“I can’t live there anymore Fad’ra kicked me out.” The street noise almost drowned out his younger brother’s words. His look spoke volumes to his older brother. Oni’on recognized the same wounded expression that he himself had buried. 
“So, you just left Sadie to herself?” 
“You did it!” Rhyme started walking away, but Oni’on grabbed him by the shoulder.
“You have to go back. You have to be there for Sadie. She’s just a child,” he stressed. He still felt guilty for leaving his baby sister in his fad’ra’s house. He should have taken her and Rhyme with him when he’d walked out the door. Problem was Oni’on was a mess himself. He thought about a fight he’d gotten into earlier and the constant whores. He was turning into something he hated—his fad’ra. His face screwed up into a stern look, leaning in close to Rhyme.
“You have to go home, and protect Sadie.”
“I can’t go back to him. He said if I took Sadie he’d find us and beat her to death.”
Oni’on shoved his finger in his brother’s chest. “Go, home.” He turned and walked away, hating himself for not turning to face the hopeless look on his baby brother’s face. He didn’t want to think of Sadrien alone with his fad’ra. Let Rhyme be the hero. 

“It’s the best for him.” Oni’on coaxed himself into believing as he waited outside the brothel for his coin’s worth. His brow flexed as his younger brother’s voice echoed in his mind. Oni’on could never go back; he wouldn’t feel guilty either. He just needed to drown out Rhyme’s voice until all he felt was bliss. The door opened, and a girl draped in a lacy garment and a painted up face gave him a seductive smile.
“Come in,” she purred. Oni’on walked in, and his mind instantly slipped from his brother.
Chapter 16
Nahor
Neuge City
Icer Castle

Crash! Nahor ducked as a goblet shattered where his head had been a moment before. His baby sister Stelane was mad at him. She was hardly a baby, so she kept repeating every day, but when she behaved like an infant he would treat her as such. She was 13 and more grown up by the hour. Nahor saw ice forming on his sister’s fingertips and rolled his eyes. Would it come down to this? All he had said was that Stelane was too young to like a boy. It was as simple as that. She was still a child. Crash! A saucer hit the wall, and the shards darted about him like tiny diamonds. He reflected one easily with a shot of ice. 
“Really, Stelane? I mean come on. You wonder why I tell father you’re still a child. This tantrum needs to stop.”
“I hate you, Nahor! You have no idea how hard it is for me here! There are no boys my age except these dull witted Zare children!” Her voice rose in frequency as tears gathered in her deep amethyst colored eyes. She reached for another saucer, and he held up his hand.
“I’m sorry. I’ll talk to father about it.” He brushed off the collar of his black shirt and crossed his arms.
“It’s time for dinner,” said a dull voice, breaking through their discussion. A lean, brown-haired Zare with milky eyes bowed. Silently, the two Icers made their way to the dining hall.

King Lowen

King Lowen delicately dabbed his mouth on a napkin as his two children joined the dinner table. A slave bowed and then left them to their meal. Young Zare slaves brought in trays of fresh elken meat, rolls of cheati bread, dripping golden flit gravy, and bowls of icy fruit. His wife Gal’adryl drew her dark blue eyes over to him and gave him a brief smile. She lifted a shaky hand toward her two children.
“Come give your mother a kiss before we eat,” she said, her long light blonde tresses tied back with golden cords. King Lowen calmly watched the affectionate exchange his wife had with their children and felt a prick of regret. He’d always been a hard father, not affectionate as Gal’adryl was with them. She’d been the one to stay up with them when they were ill or comfort them when they were hurt, until she’d started to grow ill. After his two children joined them, they began to consume the fresh meal.

Nahor

Nahor’s family ate silently, each enjoying the meal set before them. Nahor wiped his mouth off with a napkin and cleared his throat. “Father, my carriage leaves on the fortnight.”
King Lowen took a bite of a piece of meat, the juices flowing into his short beard.
“I will send you a post when I arrive,” Nahor said and watched his mother’s eyes dart to him in worry. “Mother, I promise I’ll be home soon.” He watched his mother relax and continue eating her meal. Stelane gave him a heated look. She didn’t want him to leave her to face their father alone. He didn’t blame her really, but she was still a child, and she certainly didn’t need a boy. He knew exactly how a thirteen-year-old boy thought, and Stelane deserved better than that. But she would hate him if he didn’t try to persuade their father to allow her to court before he left. 
“Father, Mother, before I head off I would like to propose a gathering for Stelane. She’s hardly a child anymore, and most girls her age are at least looking for a compatible mate. I would help her write up an invitation to send off and attend as a guardian before I leave. Do you oppose to this?” His words hung in the air for several moments. He could see his father mulling over the information. He knew where his father stood with his sister, but he had to help her survive this dungeon before he abandoned her with a mad mother and an indifferent father.
“I suppose she is the age I was when I began to look for a mate. Nahor, if you help design the invitation I approve of Stelane’s gathering,” his mother said with a smile. His father had his hands crossed beneath his chin, his two pointer fingers touching his lips, as his eyes scrunched with thought. 
“You’ve heard my opinion on this matter before. Stelane is still a child.” He let the silence stretch. “But, if you organize it, Nahor, then I agree to allow this gathering.”

King Lowen

King Lowen lay his head down in his chamber and stared out the window at the swirling snow. The wind whistled outside like an insistent child. He gently slipped his legs from beneath the covers, trying not to disturb his wife as he climbed out of bed. He pressed his pale hand against the windowpane and frowned. Swirling icen pixies danced before him, their sharp angled faces contorting with hunger and rage. They thrived on Icer blood like vermin. Their tiny fingers and teeth could destroy an Icer if there were enough of them. He let out a long sigh. 
He couldn’t believe he had allowed Stelane to have a gathering. It had been Gal’adryl’s doing. Her insistence had made him soft toward their young daughter. Stelane was a lot like her mother, wild and bull headed, but good inside through and through. Gal’adryl had been more herself today. He had to talk to Deilia and ask her for her answer.
***
King Lowen drew his wife against his chest, loving the feel of her willowy body against his own. Passion for her went through him and he kissed her. The bed was soft beneath them as Gal’adryl leaned back into his embrace. He swept her hair back from her face and smiled. He adored this woman.
“I love you, Lowie,” she said with a giggle and kissed him back. Instantly, King Lowen drew her even closer. Maybe his beautiful wife would be alright. Maybe the croo disease wouldn’t eat her soul from her. She felt so perfect beside him. He kissed her passionately once more. 
The world around them seemed to stop as they got lost in each other. King Lowen’s need overwrote his usual caution of his wife’s disease, and he let himself feel complete. When the moment had cooled, he pulled Gal’adryl to his chest. She stiffened beneath his touch. Oh, El’yi, no. He rested a hand against her cheek.
“You’re fine, lovely. It’s just me, Lowie,” he reassured her.
“Don’t touch me! What did you do to me?” She squirmed in panic. 
“Gal’adryl,” he said soothingly, trying to calm her back down. “Come on, darling.” He pulled her closer.
“Get away from me! Where’s my Beclyn! I want Beclyn!” Tears began to pour from his wife’s eyes, breaking his heart into pieces. Why couldn’t he just love his wife like any other man? She pushed against his bare chest and clambered out of the bed, her bare body accented by the moons’ light. 
“Leave me alone!” 
King Lowen flung his feet out of bed, grabbed the blanket, and pulled it around his trembling wife. He quickly threw on his clothes.
“I’ll find Beclyn, sweetheart, I’ll find her. You stay here. I won’t touch you.” King Lowen’s face contorted with deep pain before he ran toward the door to find Gal’adryl’s caretaker. 
***
Beclyn rocked the queen against her chest, touching her face soothingly. A soft song drifted from her lips. 
“Hush now, beautiful, you are dreaming. Things are going to be better in the morning. Hush now, beautiful, you are dreaming. Things are going to be better in the morning. The sun will shine on your face, and the birds will sing a new song for you. Hush now, beautiful, you are dreaming. Things are going to be better in the morning.” She ended the childhood song and heard the queen’s breathing deepen. She motioned toward a guard who was standing near her, and he gently lifted the woman out of her arms.
“Put her in my bed,” she instructed and stood to her feet. She crept toward the king’s chambers and stood outside his door. She touched it with a trembling hand. Her heart broke for King Lowen. Her charge had been bare when she’d been brought to her. How could a man live like that? She dropped her hand, made her way back to bed, sorrow filling her.
***
“No!” Gal’adryl flung down a plate full of wild flit, fruit, and cheese. It shattered on the ground. She swept her arm across the table spilling wine and any remaining platters. “You can’t make me!” She threw herself on the ground, the glass from the plate cutting her pale arms. 
“Oh, my lady!” Beclyn cried, rushing to the queen’s aide. King Lowen rose from the table and stared with concern at his wife’s actions.
“It’s going to be alright. Let’s get you cleaned up and into the bath,” Beclyn said in a soothing voice.
“I don’t want to take a bath.” Gal’adryl pouted, her dress smeared with food and shards of the plate.
“It’s going to be fun.” Beclyn smiled at her and lifted her to her feet.
“You think so?” Gal’adryl let Beclyn walk her out of the mess she’d created. 
“Beclyn, can I play with my dolls?” 
The red-haired servant nodded as she took the queen’s hand. King Lowen stood watching Beclyn and his wife. Why didn’t Gal’adryl respond that way to him when she was being affected by the disease? He thanked El’yi she at least would calm down for the girl he’d hired. He didn’t know what he’d do without the servant.
Chapter 17
King Lowen stood outside the Vullen’s chamber holding his breath. Two guards shifted nervously as they stood beside him. He must know Deilia’s answer. Gal’adryl’s behavior had made him feel determined. How much longer did he have with the woman he loved? He raised his hand to knock and hesitated for just a breath. Should he do this?
“Come in,” said the girl’s voice, before he’d actually knocked. He turned the door handle and stepped into the dimly lit room. He noticed scratch marks near her bed and winced inwardly. He forgot that this child could kill him if she wished. He kept that in his thoughts as he approached her with a warm smile.
“I’m trusting that you have been treated well, Deilia?” He sat down on a chair near her bed. Her short legs hung where she sat, and the blanket was pulled up and around her golden body.
“Yes.”
“Do you have an answer for me?” His heart quickened. If she said ‘no’ what would he do for his wife? 
“I have, King Lowen. El’yi sent a messenger to me.” Silence filled the room. King Lowen could sense his guards’ terror. 
“Here?” King Lowen’s eyes flickered briefly. He hadn’t been informed of this.
“Yes, he told me it would bring favor to my people if I helped you. So, King Lowen, yes, I will steal a Wolfinic pup to cure your wife. But, I must have my cloak.”
King Lowen stood back to his feet.
“We are searching for it even now. Thank you, Deilia. You shall be rewarded in however you choose. I will not forget this act of kindness. Is there anything I could do to make you more comfortable?” The girl’s clear colored eyes filled with tears. 
“No, I just want my cloak.”
King Lowen nodded to her and started heading toward the door.
“What if it fails?” she asked with hesitation. He turned his attention back to her briefly.
“It shall be on my head not yours.”  

Nahor

“Hang it right there,” Nahor instructed a slave to hang a wreath of white flowers. The ballroom was turning into a sea of white and diamonds. Stelane was practically dancing with anticipation, barking orders left and right at the slaves, her hands wringing with nerves. Glimmer, Stelane’s pet gracor bird, was fluttering from wreath to wreath hissing at everyone. The gathering was in just a few short hours.
His mouth jerked into a smile as Stelane grabbed a bouquet of blood red brianis and threw them on the ground in a fit. 
A gathering never had any color in the décor just white—it was bad luck—according to some tradition. He turned his head and looked at the strung white petals that decorated the ceiling and the glistening crystal lights twinkling down on him. The smell in the room was enough to make any man pass out, but it was tradition and must be upheld. 
His mother bustled into the room with another armful of flowers. Oh El’yi. He turned and walked from the room, stepping outside to breathe in a deep lungful of the freezing air. His sharp dark eyes watched as the carriages gathered at the gate. It was polite to come to a gathering early, but the guests must not arrive in the ballroom until the precise moment. He was happy so many had shown up for Stelane. He’d have to remember to let her have her space with the boys, even though, he wanted to freeze them to the wall. This was his baby sister after all.

Stelane

Stelane’s heart fluttered loudly in her chest as Icers began to flood the ballroom full of white petals. As she walked, pools of white gracors were softly singing on the right side of the ballroom. Boys passed her casually; her eyes searched for one to have a tinge of interest. Like a hand clenching, tension spread through her chest. She spotted her brother chatting with some girls, a glass of mulled wine in his hand.
“I’m ready to leave this dungeon.” She overheard him say, his fingers waving with ice that he transformed into a bird. He balanced the ice sculpture on his fingertips then shot it up into the air where it dissolved into snowflakes. She didn’t want Nahor to leave. She still had five years before she could leave for school.
“Excuse me, Stelane?” a boy asked, his soft brown eyes and wavy brown hair framing his face. 
“Yes?”
“Would you like to take a walk with me?”
Stelane glanced at her brother who nodded at her in approval. They walked toward the exit.
As they stepped outside the door, the refreshing night air hit Stelane in the face. She could hear the soft croons of the moon birds, their cries a low rhythm against the velvet night sky. The glow of the moons reflected against their black shimmery feathers. The boy took her hand shyly as they walked through the snow; the wind moved around their legs like a pet doghin. Her purple eyes rose to the stars that soared above them like rain. 
“I’m Klipton,” he introduced. His fingers rubbed her pale knuckles. 
Stelane found the gesture strange as Icers generally didn’t show affection until they were married. She didn’t mind though, so she didn’t pull her hand away. 
“I don’t know if you’ve ever seen me at your parents’ balls?” he asked.
“There are always a lot of people there.” She didn’t remember ever seeing him.
“Watch this,” he said with a grin. His hands moved fluidly, trickling over the air. An ice flower the size of his fist formed before her eyes. He raised his hands skyward, and it shot up into the sky. Stelane’s mouth opened with delight. Her hands clasped together as a shower of snow descended on her in bursts of multi-colors that glittered in the light of the two moons. She’d never learned much about the art, only what Nahor had taught her, which was just the basics of an Icer’s ability.
“I’m impressed.” She lifted her palm up to form a simple ice ball and let it slide off her hand. “That’s about all I know of the art.” She shrugged. 
Chapter 18
Icer Border
Neuge City

Guard Tow Owel of the Icer army flexed his fingers as he made his rounds with a distracted mind. His wife Lorlie was going to leave him, he could feel it in the back of his mind. She was unhappy, complaining, and twice he’d caught her flirting with another man. The thought disturbed him, but he wasn’t sure how to change anything. When the king demanded his allegiance, he went. He couldn’t hesitate because his wife wanted him to communicate to her. He would try. 
He paused in mid-step as a sound caught his attention just beyond the border of the land. Trees started bowing to the ground as if paying homage to a royal. His eyes shifted to far off in the forest where the tall red fogur trees trembled. A strong presence filled the air around him.
“Where is she, Icer?” The voice felt like a blade running across Tow’s skull. The pain intensified and slid down the back of his neck. “Come now, where is she?” An invisible force gripped him into a frozen state. His heart hammered like a frightened scomperoo. Please, El’yi. He did not know what this invisible Deity wanted, but he had a bad feeling. “You have mere moments,” she hissed in his ear. 
“Whhoo?” His skin ached as if stretched to its limits.
“Where is she?” 
Tow felt his body rip and screams of pain came out of his lips.
“I don’t know…” Blood began to pour from wounds that spread over his body. 
“I will give you one more chance to give her back to me. Where is Deilia?” A hot pain erupted through Tow’s veins. 
“Deilia?” he bawled in fear. “I do not know, Deity. Please, please spare my life. I have a wife.” 
“No, you do not have a wife. She left you. You are useless,” she said in a cruel whisper. The sound of flesh ripping rang throughout the field, and a horrible death wail arose from the lips of the guard. Blood splashed the white snow as a shadow swept the frozen ground. 
***
“Your majesty!” A panicked guard rushed into the throne room bowing in reverence as he approached. “I have urgent news!” he proclaimed with a wild look in his eye. King Lowen rose from his throne where he’d escaped from his daughter’s gathering for a moment. 
“What is it?” 
“Guard Tow Owel is dead, sire!” The guard’s dark hair was skewed, and his garment was soaked in sweat. 
“Why is this important, Len?” King Lowen asked in annoyance. What did he care if one of his men died? Icers died every day.
“He was murdered on the border. There are no footsteps but his own.” 
King Lowen racked his fingers through his hair. “Have some of the guards investigate, and bring me the results.” He sat back down on his throne dismissing the guard. King Lowen could tell that the young guard was shaken to the core. Was this a result of his purchase of the baby Vullen? He hadn’t heard a peep from the caretaker about how the creature was doing. He had known the Vullens were powerful beings, but could this have been from that? Maybe a wild animal had attacked, and his men had simply overlooked the tracks. He dismissed the matter in his mind. 

Stelane

A sharp, piercing cry startled Stelane as she quietly talked to Klipton while they walked.
“What was that?” Her voice quivered as she clutched his arm. 
“I don’t know. Maybe we should get back to the castle.” He looked toward the Dredge Forest his eyes looking frightened. Stelane nodded to him, and they began to make their way back. Cold fear struck Stelane in the chest as the dying sounds resounded throughout the valley. She’d heard the legends of the Deities, but had never personally encountered one; their land lay on the edge of the territory in which they lived. She supposed that was why her father was always warning her to stay close to the castle. She’d thought it was just a silly myth, until now.
“Do you think we should go help the person?” She squeezed Klipton’s arm. The death wail grew louder until something cut it off. Eerie silence followed.
“Let go of me!” Klipton shook her loose, ran as fast as he could, and left Stelane standing there alone. 
“Klipton!” She shivered in fear, wrapping her arms around herself. Stelane ran to the stables, her feet hitting the ground in desperation. She climbed on top of her mammoi Gusha and urged the animal toward where the sound had come from. Gusha sensed her fear and clicked in anxiety.
“I’m fine, girl, just keep going.” She patted the animal’s neck reassuringly, even though she was shaking with fear. She saw it from a distance. Blood. It was everywhere. Terror twisted like a blade in her gut as she approached. Guards were swarming all over the spot, trying to clean up the mess that had happened. 
“Princess!” One spotted Stelane, jogged over to her, and grabbed hold of Gusha’s furry mane. “What are you doing here?” 
“What’s going on? What happened? I heard someone screaming.” Her breath came out short as Gusha anxiously danced back and forth.
“We don’t know. There were no tracks. Tow is dead. Please, Princess, go back home. Your father would be displeased if we let you see this.” 
Stelane knew he was right. If he let her pass, it would be his head. 
“Alright, I will return home.” She turned Gusha around, but the blood splashed across the ice never left her mind.
Nahor

“Nahor?” Stelane approached her brother with hesitation. Nahor was packing for school. He glanced up at her with a smile.
“Hey, Cheeks. What do you need?”
She gave him her scowl before proceeding. “I told you not to call me that!” she whined. “Did you hear about that guard yesterday?” 
Nahor had heard the news but hadn’t been overly concerned about it.
“Perhaps the Deities are extracting revenge on us. What if they kill me too?” Her lip trembled. Nahor wanted to laugh at the preposterous suggestion but knew it was not the right timing. His sister’s face was coated with genuine fear. 
“Listen, sis, that guard probably just got attacked by a wild beast. It happens. Nothing to worry about. Besides, you’re not supposed to go near that border anyways. Just stay put, and you’ll be fine.” He saw her relax slightly. 
“You’re probably right. By the way, it’s time for dinner. Father said there was special entertainment.” She returned to her normal child-like jubilance. Nahor nodded once.
“I wonder what it is?” she asked as she jumped away on a light heart. 
The sound of slaves’ soft padded feet surrounded Nahor as he made his way to the dining hall. What was the entertainment? His father’s idea of amusement was usually sick minded. A slave opened the thick wooden doors, and he entered with hesitation. He stopped to see a display of dancers lined up in a row. An Icer girl winked at him as he sat down. Interesting. Real entertainment. His father smiled at him.
“Good evening, son, ready for a good show?” He clapped his hands and music burst from the corner of the room where a band of Icers played. The dancers whirled in a flurry of colorful dresses and scarves. Nahor let himself get captured in the moment, enjoying watching his baby sister laugh, gather her skirts, and join the dancers in a display of complete abandon. To be a child again, he thought with a smile.
His mother clapped along, her face lit with pure joy—he even saw his father smile as he watched the display. Nahor lavishly ate his meal the slaves had set before him, letting his mind forget his responsibilities, his schooling, and his family. For one eternal moment, he let himself get lost. After the colorful display ended, his father motioned to him.
“That one right there in the green I’ve requested her to stay with you. I’ve agreed to pay her handsomely if she pleases you. Perhaps you want two?” He gave him an impish grin. Nahor had never seen his father in such good spirits. To refuse his father’s gift would be idiotic, so he nodded.
“I will take the one, Father. Thank you for your gift.”
The girl approached him with a seductive smile on her pale face. 
“For your pleasure, my prince.” She bowed before him. He took her hand and led her toward his chambers. 
***
Nahor lay beside the girl, his mind shifting to the murdered guard. Why did it bother him now? He had just accepted the gift his father had given him. The girl would be paid handsomely; he would see to that. He didn’t agree with the act, but he knew it would have insulted his father and the girl if he had refused it. His mother had spoken into him as a child to love and marry a girl of his choosing. She’d even made him take an oath when he was 13. He’d neither loved or chose this one, but perhaps he would be forgiven for his act. The girl turned and saw him laying awake.
“Did you enjoy it, my prince?” she asked.
“Yes, you shall be rewarded.” He gently kissed her palm and rolled out of bed. “Now please leave.” He stood facing the window where icen pixies danced before him with colorful turns. The girl glanced at him longingly before scurrying from the room.
Chapter 19
Oni’on
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

Oni’on lay lounging on a soft bed his hand resting over his eyes. His body was aching from last night’s partying. He rolled over with a moan. The light from the window was a reminder that he had to get up, or he’d be late for work. It wasn’t that it was the best coin, in fact, it was pretty terrible pay. He made himself go because Arrissa worked there. Arrissa was an unachievable dream. He’d figured that out from day one when she hadn’t given him or the rest of the men the time of day. 
Yet, they all panted after her like lovesick doghins picking up the bones that she threw. His mind got all fuzzy when he thought of her. He forced himself out of bed, his feet hitting the cold, hard, wooden floor. He shivered and turned toward the kitchen. He rested the palms of his hands on the wooden table, allowing his mind to sluggishly come to life. 
He shoved a hunk of bread in his mouth as he slammed out the door and made his way toward his job. He arrived a few minutes late and received a scowl from his boss. He started working immediately and shot a smile at Arrissa, who was working across the garden from him. She didn’t even glance up at him. Women. 
“Don’t even bother,” Jackon, his long time friend, said as he saw Oni’on’s longing gaze. “Arrissa wouldn’t touch you or any man in this garden if we were the last living souls on Jade. Forget about her.” The green and white haired man dug his fingers into the soil and spat out of the corner of his mouth.
“Shut up, Jackon, I didn’t ask for your opinion.” Oni’on drew a hand over the stubble on his face, his headache returning.
“You look like a Worge messed you up.”
“Thanks.” Oni’on felt like a mammoi had dragged him through the village.
“She will never want you, idiot.” Jackon yanked rocks out of the soil and set them beside him, sweat gathering along his forehead. They both strained to hear the sweet laughter that floated from the girl’s lips.
“Well, with your charming personality she’s never going to look this way,” Oni’on said.
“At least I’m not a whore pincher.”
“It’s not my fault women can’t stand the sight of your—” Oni’on motioned crudely toward his friend. Jackon flung a rock at him which Oni’on easily avoided.
“Do we have a problem here?” Their boss Krest approached them with a look of distain on his wide face. 
“No, we’re fine,” Oni’on said gruffly, taking a quick peek at Arrissa who was watching them. Jackon was going to get him fired.
“Get a move on then, you lazy doghins!” Krest bellowed. Pain rang in Oni’on’s head, and he wished for the tenth time that he hadn’t drank so much last night.
“At least I don’t smell like last night’s trashy whore.” Jackon smiled, despite his harsh reply. Oni’on returned the smile and muttered, “I hate you.” 
“Back at you, Sulstic.” 
***
Krest jogged over to Oni’on and waved him forward. 
“Someone left you an urgent note. Some whore no doubt. Get to the office and head back here when you’re through.”
Oni’on rubbed his temple as he walked toward the little bleak office. He did not want to go into a stuffy room when he could be eyeballing Arrissa’s loose dress, as she worked in the garden underneath the hot sun. 
He opened the door and stepped in to see an unfamiliar face. A girl? Didn’t Krest say an urgent note was left for him? The girl’s skin was the color of silver, her eyes a deep azure blue, and her hair hung in blond waves that shimmered in the sunlight streaming through the windows. She looked fairly young, but something seemed off about her. She was no Zare. Yet, what was she exactly? He stood there for a moment contemplating. She turned to him with a grim expression on her young face. She couldn’t be older than 16? Something in her expression made her look ten times her age. 
“Have you forgotten me?” she asked solemnly. Oni’on had no idea who the young girl was, so the question took him off-guard. He shut the door, his eyebrows furrowing together. 
“Do I know you?” He waited for her to continue. She looked distraught as she faced him, her hands wringing together.
“You are too closed minded, grandson of Pod.” She stared into his eyes, and Oni’on could see a deep torment in them. 
“I’m sorry, miss, what do you need? Nobody’s seen my grandfa’ in years.”
“Oni’on, you must remember.” Her voice cracked with physical pain. “I can’t stay long, but remember me.” She lifted a hand, reached out, and touched his forehead. A sharp sting sliced Oni’on’s mind, and he pulled back as if he’d been slapped. He put a hand to his forehead. 
“I’m afraid I can’t help you.” He glared at her for several heartbeats wondering what she’d just done to him. Her face filled with urgency, and her fingers curled with determination.
“You must remember your fate, grandson of Pod.” She bolted from the room, her face contorting in frustration.
That was odd, Oni’on thought as he made his way out of the office and back into the hot sun. The girl disappeared around the corner and climbed into a strange black carriage pulled by two great white mammois. 
“What was that about? Are you fired, Oni’on?” asked a man named Ply, as Oni’on made his way back to the garden. He shook his head at the purple and white haired Zare with a crooked nose. He dug his hands into the soil, feeling the minerals soaking into his skin. His mind replayed the scene over until he paused. Why would that girl say all that? The question bogged his thoughts. 
“You’re making the rest of us look bad, Oni’on.” Arrissa’s teasing voice made him jump. He looked at her then down at the ground. The soil was dark with nutrients, and a good size pile of rocks was off to the side. He’d done this?
“Oh…” He felt like an idiot just staring up at her with dirt stained hands and a staggered expression on his face. She laughed at this and waved her hand.
“You seem like you have a lot on your mind. Is that what motivated you to remove ten times the amount anyone else has done all morning?” Her eyes danced with amusement as he tried to recover. Her straight white and light pink hair was pinned up with a diamond-studded clip, and her pink-golden eyes shimmered. 
“Yeah…I…well...I…” His tongue tripped as the girl whom he’d pledge his life to stood before him. 
“Is everything, alright?” she asked sweetly. 
“Yeah, everything’s fine. There was a girl in the office who said some odd stuff to me. She kept talking about my grandfa’. I haven’t heard his name in years.” He let his sentence hang for a moment. 
“Is your grandfa’ alright?” Arrissa placed her hand on his arm. Oni’on felt a thrill go through him and nearly had to bite his tongue to hold himself together. 
“My grandfa’ is Pod Lemno. He’s been missing for a long time.” His mind felt jumbled as he spoke to the beautiful Zare in front of him. Arrissa smiled at him.
“It’s probably nothing. People mention Pod sometimes. He’s a legend in this village.” She kissed his cheek, turned, and walked back to her section of the garden they tended. Oni’on had to walk away for a second to make his heart go back to normal. That was the first time Arrissa had even talked to him let alone kiss his cheek! A dopey grin spread across his face.
“What did you say to get Arrissa to kiss you?” Jackon asked with a wry grin on his face. Oni’on could read the jealousy that lingered on the other side of that grin. Maybe murder. Arrissa was chased by every man within the village of Glimma. 
“I didn’t say anything. She came up to me.” He knew that Jackon had approached Arrissa several times only to be rejected by her. 
“You had to have said something amazing. Why else would she linger on your cheek like that?”
“She lingered?” Oni’on laughed. Clearly, Jackon had been paying more attention to the kiss than he had.
“She noticed how fast I was working, and I guess it caught her attention. So, she came over to talk to me.” Oni’on could see the realization in his friend’s eyes and knew that Jackon would try to work extra hard to get the girl’s attention now. Oni’on picked up his waterbag, gulped some water down, and watched as Arrissa continued her work. Her body moved so fluidly it was like watching a wind sprite dancing. The corner of his mouth curved into a smile. Arrissa had kissed him.
Chapter 20
Otsana
Dredge Forest

Otsana’s lip curled in delight at the bloody sight before her. She picked her way over to where a group of scavengers were ripping flesh off what appeared to be a Zare. Otsana poked the body with her claw and noticed the white hair with green streaks running through it. Most definitely a Zare. The creatures were a more intelligent race than the Worge; it was rare to see them so far away from their protected little villages. Otsana ignored the beasts that were gulping down the free meal that somebody had left. The Wolfinics of the ancient times had at one time helped bring peace to the fair-haired race. Otsana felt something heavy on her mind but couldn’t discern what was wrong. It was as if a vision was trying its hardest to manifest in her thoughts, but she was not in the mood for it. She batted it away in annoyance and put her nose deep in the blood to smell it.
Her ears flickered once, and her body instantly stiffened in defense. The scroungers suddenly bolted, leaving their meal to lay alone. Otsana picked up a new scent once the filthy beasts bolted. The blood…it wasn’t the Zare’s blood. Whoever had killed the Zare hadn’t made it bleed. It smelt too dirty, like dung. Her claws dug into the soil. She bound sideways just as a sharp spear hit the dead Zare straight in the chest. Her teeth flashed. She bit down into a huge rock which was near her, and instantly an army of slithering, poisonous hieths manifested from the stone. 
They weaved back and forth in front of her like guardians. They shrieked, their sharp tails whipping around them like a sword. She spotted the prey, for the one that hunted her was now going to be hunted. Visions flashed in her mind one after another of her attacker, the poses he would do, and the ways he would try to slice her head off with his pathetic sword. She grinned and bounded in the complete opposite way, her motions agile and quick. The hieths snapped at the hunter that was now chasing after her. 
Otsana suddenly jumped up into the dark cover of the trees, her eyes turning a shade darker. Come on, little hunter…come a little closer. Visions dashed through her thoughts again. She found the precise moment and pounced. Her sharp jaws closed over the hunter’s head in one bite. 
“Thank you…” she mumbled through the mouthful of flesh to the hieths that were now transforming back into a solid rock. She nudged the dead hunter at her feet and ripped off another chunk of flesh. She spat out something slimy and grimaced at the smell. Worges.
***
A cheerful yip resounded as Otsana stepped through the door of their home. Her mate Mur nudged her as soon as she got close enough to him, his giant paws swiped at her tail playfully. 
“I would have been distracted by the blood too,” Mur said, his black nose snuffling through a pile of bones that were scattered on the ground. He found the one he wanted, lay down, and gnawed at it. His ears flickered as he chuckled. 
“They do not go down the gullet well. I had one bite, and I felt like I ate a piece of mud.” Otsana made a hacking noise, her body convulsing. She heard a yip like laugh and walked over to Shema who was playing with a little fluffy creature. 

“Shema found a new playmate, huh? Aw, you like the scruff?” Otsana’s voice lightened as she affectionately nipped at her pup’s ears and licked her tummy. Shema batted at the scruff. The fluffy animals made excellent toys and playmates for the pups; they were harmless and loved affection. The little creature’s long orange tongue licked at Shema’s face covering her in wet glistening spit. Otsana nudged the little critter away, picked up her pup in her paws, and cleaned her face with her tongue.
“Shema, how about you and I go find some other pups to play with?”
The little Wolfinic nodded with glee. Mur looked up from where he gnawed on his bone.
“Keep her safe.”
“Always.” She put the pup on her back and walked out into the mid-afternoon air. 

Elora’nyssa Rendra
Si Village
Zare Territory 

A cheery song warbled through the morning air, the trees swaying as if dancing, birds chirping alongside the singing vocalist. A Zare girl walked, her hand clutching a woven basket full of blue gonora fruit. Her voice rang stronger as she soaked her feet into the warm soil. Her hands brushed the tall grasses that swayed around her, a smile teasing her lips. Elora’nyssa breathed in a deep breath as she stopped. The wind wrapped her long, wavy, white and fuchsia streaked hair up and around her. Her golden-fuchsia eyes focused on the sky. When the song had reached its fullest peak, a voice broke her concentration.
“More beautiful than a silvie, little Zare,” said a deep and heavy voice. Elora’nyssa jumped, looking toward the forest in fright. “I have a son who looks about your age. How old are you?” He hovered in the shadows. Elora felt fearful, but at the same time she found herself speaking to the stranger.
“I am 15.” Her chin lifted a fraction.
“A rather good age,” the voice purred. Elora wondered why the man didn’t step into the light, and suddenly her eyes grew as wide as moons. 
“Thank you, I must be on my way.” She turned to run when the shadowed stranger was before her. A Worge.
“Rather long way from Mad’ra, little one.” His long tongue snaked out of his mouth, and his scaly snout grew in length. His claws slid out of his hind feet, and his orange eyes blinked. 
“Shame that a creature so beautiful is so dim,” said the Worge.
“Please, don’t hurt me. I will do anything.” Elora’nyssa backed up, her voice shaking.
“Even marry a Worge?” His laugh was rough, claws twitching with anticipation. Elora’s face twisted with disgust at the thought.
“Well, if you are not good for breeding stock, then you’ll be good for bait. It seems the Wolfinics prefer the blood of a Zare. I aim to catch one and prove to my village that they exist!” He took a step closer, and Elora felt her body begin to tremble.
“Wolfinics are myths! Everyone knows that!” Elora couldn’t control the accusation in her voice. 
“Even a child doubts! My brother went on a hunt to bring back the pelt of one, but he hasn’t returned. So now it’s up to me to prove we’re not idiots!” He swiped his claws through the air. His furry ears twitched back against his head, and his snout lowered.
“Now, hold still, little Zare, and this won’t hurt a bit!” He leapt at the fair-haired girl, his sharp teeth snapping toward her. Elora’nyssa screamed, fell backward, her face filling with terror. She could hear the snarl of the Worge and see his claws extending toward her throat. A brilliant light filled the meadow where Elora lay, hurting her eyes as warmth filled her entire body. She wasn’t sure what to do, so she just thrust her arms outward toward the Worge. She could hear screams of pain and an intense hissing noise of burning flesh.
“It’s not possible!” the creature howled in anguish as the white light came from seemingly nowhere. 
Within moments, all that was left of the scaly beast was a pile of ash. Elora opened her eyes; a sob stuck in her throat. She jumped back when the remains of the Worge blew away on the wind. She looked up above her and around her. Where had the light come from? She didn’t know how to wield the light. Even though her fad’ra was a high priest, her mad’ra refused to let her learn. It was as if the light had come from El’yi himself. She stood still, her face drawn in shock. Elora spotted her basket left to the side, scooped it up, and ran as fast as she could back toward home.

Elora set her basket down on the table, her mind still whirling with what had happened in the field. Her mad’ra was bustling in the kitchen as Elora laid her wrap over a wooden chair.
“Elora’nyssa, hang that up,” her mad’ra’s firm voice said, breaking her thoughts. She looked down at the wrap not remembering that she’d placed it where it didn’t belong.
“I’m sorry, I wasn’t thinking.” She scooped it up and walked off in a daze. She brought it to her bedroom that overlooked a warm, frothing sea, which sparkled in the morning sun. The village of Si, was a small village tucked between the Galia Ocean, named after one of the moons, and the mountains of Korul. She put her face out the window letting the wind tease her hair. She could see the bustling market, which was far enough away to not hear the noise, but close enough to give her eyes something to linger on. Colorful banners hung from the shops telling the villagers what they would find inside.
Elora was usually on the lookout for the new items, which the merchants would hang for all to see, but today she didn’t even notice. Her mad’ra would be going down to the market in a couple hours to sell her silken colorful scarves, which so many Zare women adored. Elora’nyssa generally helped her, but this morning she wanted to stay behind and think about what had happened today. How was that possible? A divine intervention? She’d never heard of El’yi interrupting a death like that. Had she produced the light somehow? She was so distracted by the busy thoughts that she didn’t hear her mad’ra enter her room.
“Elora’nyssa, are you alright? You seem disturbed, love.” The yellow and white haired woman placed a hand on her daughter’s shoulder. 
“Oh, I’m fine, Mad’ra. Just thinking…” She let her sentence trail off and gave her mad’ra a brief smile.
“I’m going to be going down to the market in about an hour, if you’d like to join me.”
“I’ll stay behind today. I’m going to visit the garden later,” Elora said, not wanting to tell her mad’ra the danger she’d been in just under an hour ago. Nia nodded and left the room with a flutter of her skirt. 
***
Elora’nyssa took off her shoes and laid them down beneath a tall, flowering sicapie tree. She breathed in a luxurious breath of the garden air and let her toes brush the small stream that giggled through the entire garden. The sun beat its warmth on her face as she looked at each bloom of flower. This was her favorite place on Si; it was where she could truly think. She sat in the midst of a hundred blooms of a pale pink flower, that her mother called kissy lovers, because the flower blooms looked as if they kissed each other. She buried her face in the fragrance and felt the soft petals caress her cheeks. Where had that light come from?
Chapter 21
Rhyme
Glimma Village

Silence snuck over the land as Rhyme stood clutching the glossmer staff, his eyes closed. Seeing Oni’on had stirred an old anger that he’d buried. Hurt, betrayal, and the hatred that had boiled through him when his mad’ra had been sold to the Icer king all returned. How could Oni’on just shove the responsibility of his little sister onto him? Sadie was alone with their abusive fad’ra, while Oni’on wasted his coin on drinking and whores. No wonder the village hated the Sulstics. He missed Da’nea, her laughter, her smile, and her beautiful eyes. Sometimes, he felt like he had been falling for the Deity. That was insane. His eyes snapped open, and he looked at the weapon she’d made for him. Why did it cause so much fear? How could he learn to use it when there was no one to teach him? 
“What can you do?” he asked out loud. It had burned his fad’ra, so he knew it could inflict pain. He swung it around his body, twisting and turning the weapon until the motion of the staff felt fluid in his hands. The glossmer weapon began to glow when he thought of Da’nea and her death. She had been trying to save him. Pain shafted through his heart and he bowed. The glossmer staff began to burn his fingers, and he dropped it with a hiss. He stared at the wood that shriveled. Suddenly, a woman appeared before him her glowing emerald eyes flashing.
“Venna…” he whispered through tears that had gathered against his will.
“Glossmer is a moody weapon. You must have displeased her, Rhyme.” A smile curled on her face as she readjusted the lacy cloak that covered her hair. 
“I don’t know what to do with it.” 
The girl picked up the staff and examined it.
“Da’nea sure knows how to leave her stench,” Venna muttered so that Rhyme couldn’t hear. The staff reacted by glowing blue in Venna’s hand. She growled at it and dropped it.
“Pick it up, Rhyme.” Venna walked away from the staff. The wind picked up and blew her dark brown hair wildly around her face. Her cloak slipped, and Rhyme saw strange glowing markings on her neck.
“Why is the priest afraid of you, Venna?” Rhyme dared ask. He leaned over and picked up the staff and held it. It felt solid in his hand. It emanated light the instant he touched it, causing him to smile. 
“Hey, it works again.” He swung it toward Venna who jumped into the air with an angry cry.
“Watch where you swing that thing!” The wind grabbed her cloak again and blew it off her shoulders. Venna floated before him, her black dress billowing. Her long hair was completely uncovered and dancing like tiny hieths around her shoulders. “This wind!” A horde of wind sprites suddenly appeared all around her, their tiny bodies resting on her exposed skin. “Eh!” she exclaimed. “Be gone with you!” An amber light swirled around the Deity, and the tiny creatures shrieked, flying away from her in terror. Rhyme watched silently as she retrieved her cloak and quickly covered herself again. 
“Why do you wear a cloak?” Rhyme swung the staff the opposite way and batted a retreating wind sprite. 
“You know nothing about Deities do you, Rhyme?” She laughed. “You’ll find out.” She vanished, the sound of her laughter lingering for several moments. Rhyme trembled. There was something about Venna that unnerved him. He looked over into the Dredge Forest and saw several of the Deities he used to play with watching him. 
“Hello!” he called. He jogged over to the edge of the forest.
“Do you know Venna?” he asked them. One pale green skinned girl stepped forward. Her moss-covered hands, grassy hair, and pointed features almost blended into the trees.
“We know her.” Her voice was so quiet that Rhyme strained to hear her.
“Why does everyone fear her?” As soon as he asked the question, a swarm of wind sprites began to attack the Deities that lingered before him. They cried out with sharp voices as the tiny pests attached themselves to their skin. Rhyme turned away from the sight, fear overcoming him and ran. Who was Venna?

Otsana
Wolfinic Village
Dredge Forest

Otsana smiled at the sound of her pup’s infectious giggling. She was rolling around in the grass, her paws swatting at anything that moved around her. Shema did a quick flip and landed back on her paws her teeth chomping down into a stone. Otsana’s eyes widened in surprise as the rock became a small scurrying scomperoo. It stood on its hind legs, looked at her young daughter, and then bolted away with the pup racing after her.
“Not too far, Shema!” she called with a chuckle, nuzzling down into the grassy glade. Many mothers put their little ones on a mind leash, but she felt hesitant to do so. She wanted Shema to have her own thoughts to herself. The pup’s voice would soon develop, and she didn’t need her old mama’s voice constantly ringing in her head. She would put a link in time, but for now she enjoyed just figuring out what her little one needed. When Shema pounced on something, Otsana made her way toward her. The pup liked to wander, and even though Otsana could use her visions, she preferred her line of sight at best. She came within a few feet of Shema and leaned down close to her pup’s ear and whispered, “What did you find, Shema?” 
Shema yipped and nudged something around in the dirt. Otsana licked Shema’s neck and gently shoved her aside to see what she’d discovered. Otsana pawed at the object until it was no longer hiding in the leaves. Her black eyes widened, and an instant snarl rose in her throat. This was bad. Very, bad. It was forbidden to bite a deannicle stone, the stone was found only in the most obscure places on Jade, and it created what her race called a vision-stone. This—was most definitely a vision-stone. When a Wolfinic bit the forbidden deannicle stone, it sealed the vision. Unless the one who created it changed the path themselves, or if it had been a pup then the mother or father could change the fate. Who had done this? Why would they wish for Jade to be harmed? Right then and there she realized the danger of letting her pup not be linked with her mentally. She picked Shema up by the scruff of her neck and threw her on her back. Shema instantly sensed her mood and clung to her without wiggling. Otsana easily concentrated on Shema’s mind, and in a breath they were linked. Shema’s thoughts went wild, not understanding the connection. Her mother soothed her with quick thoughts.
What…is that...Mama? What is that? Why can I…why can I hear you now?
I’m sorry, Shema, I had to link with you. This stone is dangerous and poses a threat to our world. I will not invade your thoughts unless there is peril. Please, little one, this is of utmost importance. Stay away from this glade! With that thought, she ran back toward her village to warn her race of the coming doom.
Chapter 22
Rhyme Sulstic
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

The warm breeze up skirted leaves, twisted through the spindly branches, and rustled Rhyme Sulstic’s shoulder-length white and red hair. The ground beneath his feet rumbled as tiny scomperoos darted through the undergrowth slinking around his legs. He watched the leaves, sticks, and moss tremble as the tiny animals made their way to their home. Rhyme’s eyes caught the rainbow reflection of last night’s rain dripping off the overly large leaves as he walked. The air grew thick as he climbed over several fallen logs trying to find a good place for him to bring his mammoi and cart through. He’d left Rilly tied up quite a ways back. He came upon a grove of medium sized trees. Feeling satisfied that he’d found his next spot to chop wood, he turned back around.
Rhyme swung a metal axe down with a huff, his hands slick with sweat. His hair stuck to his forehead in stringy strands. Beads of perspiration dripped down his bare chest as he loaded more wood onto his cart to sell to Nikin, the man who’d hired him. He was making good coin. The merchant had been so thrilled when he’d brought his first load of Dredge Forest wood that he had paid him twice the amount agreed upon. Rhyme had no trouble coming into the forest and chopping down some trees. Most the Deities he knew didn’t come into this portion of the forest. The breeze turned cold as it blew through the branches and brought shivers over his body. His eyes traveled up, and he looked around suspiciously. The sunlight peeked through the leaves casting spots of light that danced along the forest floor. Despite the fact that he didn’t think any Deities would harm him, this place still brought an uneasy feeling in his gut. He walked back over to the fallen tree, his brow creased. It had probably been just a strange wind. 
“Shiethouse, nummous, righhes, livieths.” Rhyme froze where he was as the voice filled the air and twisted around him. He listened for a moment then brought his axe down again with a thump. He glanced up sharply when a high-pitched squealing resounded deep in the shadows. Unnerved by the sound, he brought his axe up against his shoulder. It was time to head out of the forest. He threw the rest of the logs onto his cart and climbed up behind the mammoi that was hitched up to it.
“Come on, Rilly, let’s get out of here.” He clucked his tongue softly, and the beast began to move forward through the forest. Deeper shadows filled the trees as he moved. A cold feeling swept over his skin as Rilly made frightened clicks and clacks. Her movements became jerky and anxious in the fading light. 
“Whoa, there’s nothing there, Rilly, settle down.” He patted her neck reassuringly as his eyes darted to and fro. He had a feeling that he was being watched and urged the mammoi forward. What Deities lived in this area of the forest? He hadn’t gone very far when a loud wail broke the little calm he’d been feeling. A sharp cry came out of his mouth as an ethereal figure was suddenly on the path in front of him. He swerved wildly, the cart overturned, and the logs tumbled out like a box of matches spilt over. Rilly broke free and cantered into the distance, her clacks growing more intense as she ran. As he lay breathing heavily on his side, Rhyme felt genuine terror flood him. Deities liked him right? He fumbled for a small knife he kept tucked in his belt. He searched for his glossmer weapon, but it must have gotten thrown in the underbrush. His mind screamed at him to run. He got to his feet and stood face to face with a woman. Her chin was tipped to the side as if she was asking a question. Her skin shimmered like black diamonds, her dark red garment swooped in a low neckline, and a black scraggily root necklace adorned her throat. Her mouth opened. 
“Why are you in my forest?” Her words were the most complex sound Rhyme had ever heard. Like the sound of an infant’s laugh mixed with a man’s dying breath. Her shimmering hair floated as if she was underwater, and her body seemed to be dancing on the air. 
“It’s just a job. I’m Rhyme…” he stuttered. Her head tilted even more as she studied him.
“How come you can hear me, Zare? Most just feel my terrible presence and flee.” Her glowing amber eyes stared at him. 
“I don’t know. I’m friends with Venna, Da’nea, and others,” he tried to explain, hoping the Deity would recognize the names of his friends.
“Venna…?” she hissed, and her body swirled with a glowing red light. “She is forbidden to cross into this place! If you see her, you tell her this is Glendrea’s territory.” The glowing entity swirled around him. Rhyme’s foot suddenly bumped into something on the ground. He glanced down and saw his staff buried beneath the dead leaves and sticks. He swooped down and retrieved it.
“Please, I just want to go home.” The glossmer stick began to spark and spit light. 
“Glossmer…” The girl sounded shocked as she jumped back into the air away from him. “You don’t understand what you wield, Zare. This is impossible! Who gave you this gift?”
“Da’nea.” He kept the staff firmly in front of him and watched as it began to glow with a sparking orb of light.
“Put your weapon away.” She narrowed her eyes into slits. “Or I will snuff you out!” At the touch of her foot, the moss around her turned three shades of red.
“You must be touched.” Her voice wound around him like a slender strand of silk. She stretched her glimmering fingers at him, her gaze boring a hole into his mind. “You will pay for destroying my forest!” A shrieking scream of anger came out of the Deity’s lips as she jumped back up into the air. Rhyme dropped to the ground, bits of sticks and leaves soaring out in all directions. He covered his ears with shaking hands. When silence fell back over him, the woman was dissolved into a hundred glistening specks of light.
Rhyme made it back to the edge of the Dredge Forest with nothing to show for his hard work. He found Rilly eating fruit out of a man’s hand that he had never seen before. He was short, stocky, and his white and tan colored hair was cut in short spikes. Rhyme walked up to them and gently patted Rilly.
“Thanks, she got spooked, and I lost her. Lost my load too,” he said with a sigh. The man studied him for a moment then touched Rhyme’s chin like a fad’ra might.
“You can see me?” he asked in a rumbling tone. Leaves suddenly grew from the strands of his hair. Rhyme backed up a step and tripped over a root. The man disappeared in a whirlwind of leaves. Rhyme looked around and realized he was still in the center of the forest. Rilly stood a few feet off drinking from a stream, and the wood was neatly stacked in the back of the cart. Rhyme scrambled to his feet, hooked Rilly back up, climbed in behind her, and drove out of the forest as fast as he could.

Oni’on
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

Oni’on woke to the warmth of the sun shining on his face. He heard soft breathing beside him and inwardly groaned. He’d forgotten which girl he’d been with last night. Their faces seemed to blur together after awhile. Jackon had berated him about sleeping with the whores because he was too afraid to talk to Arrissa. Oni’on got a glance at the girl’s face and winced. 
Not her. Not again. Jackon told him she looked like a doghin with a dress on. He wasn’t far from the truth. He knew one of the reasons why he always chose her; it was her hair color. It was the same as Arrissa’s. In his drunken stupor he must imagine her as the girl he loved. If he could call what he had for Arrissa love. He smirked, swept his feet from beneath the covers, and instantly regretted his stupidity from the night before. He opened the window and took in a deep breath of the warm air. The market was already crawling with Zares fighting for a good price on the wares. They were all so content in their little world. He frowned. If his mad’ra could see what he’d become. He let that thought die fast. He did not want to think about his mad’ra. That always led to other pain he’d rather not deal with today. 
He peered back down again and saw something darting down the street in a hurry. A flash of red caught his eye. Was that Rhyme? He turned and nearly ran headlong into the whore. She blinked at him and gave him a look that said she wanted something. She was probably trying to earn a few extra coin. His lips twisted in disgust. She really did look like a doghin. He reached into his pants pocket, threw the coin in her hand, and went out the door. 
The market was busier than it seemed from the window, as Oni’on pushed his way through it. Merchants warbled their products expertly, thrusting them in his face as he walked along the street. He got tired of refusing and instead just pushed them roughly aside. Had that been Rhyme?
Chapter 23
Rhyme

Rilly’s hooves skidded to a halt as Rhyme came into Glimma. The load of wood was neatly stacked behind him. He sat dumbfounded on top of the cart as Zares weaved around him.
“Get out of the way!” A man waved at him. Rhyme seemed to snap out of his trance and climbed down. When his foot hit the soil, a swarm of tiny Deities surrounded him, their voices tinny and shrill. He swatted at them and growled as their sharp fingernails bit into his flesh. 
“You stole from us!” they screeched in his ear, biting his exposed skin. Rhyme scrambled to his cart and pulled out the glossmer staff. 
“Get away from me! Go back to the Dredge Forest where you belong!” He swung the staff and knocked several away from him. He heard Rilly clack loudly and threw a look over his shoulder. The Deities were all around her face. 
“Get off her!” He ran toward the little pests and swung at them wildly. They jumped back in fright, but more attached themselves to the mammoi. Rilly began to make a panicky sound shaking her head back and forth.
“The beast is cursed!” a woman said from the crowd.
“No! She’s not cursed. Hold on, Rilly.” He began to yank the small entities off the mammoi one at a time. They turned their fierce eyes on him and looked at his weapon with disgust.
“How did you get glossmer?” A Deity, that was bigger than the rest, darted toward him and attacked his eyes with her pointed fingers. Rhyme dropped the staff.
“Ahh!” He grabbed at his face his body twisting and turning in pain, searching the ground blindly.
Elora’nyssa

Elora’nyssa Rendra fingered a soft purple gown and held it up before her. She examined the way the sun made it shimmer. Glimma’s market was way more elaborate than her own back home. She was visiting Glimma with her mad’ra for a few days. The market seemed to be more crowded than normal as she made her way to pay for the dress. She spotted a basket full of golden colored bracelets and began to fan through them. 
“Those are on sale today,” said a woman with a smile, her white and pale pink hair curling around her face. “I see that you enjoy beautiful things.” She motioned toward the dress draped across Elora’s shoulder. 
“I’d like to purchase both of these.” Elora’nyssa held out the bracelet and dress. The woman led her over to the counter. Elora reached into her bag of coin when she heard a loud commotion just outside the shop.
“What was that?” she asked the merchant. “I’ll be right back.” She smiled at the woman and hurried out the door to see what was going on. She stepped out the entrance to see people rushing toward the center of the street.
“He’s mad,” said one man.
“Look at that boy!” A group of girls hurried toward whatever was happening. Forgetting about the dress and bracelet for a moment, Elora hurried after the crowd, her interest piqued. Dust swirled through the air making her choke, as she pressed herself deeper into the crowd of onlookers. She finally spotted what everyone was gaping at. A boy with shoulder length red and white hair was waving about, grabbing his face, and acting like a complete maniac. He was raving at the air and then began searching the ground for something. She felt fear creep up her spine, but also something else. She’d never seen something so exciting in her life. She spotted a shriveled staff a few feet from him. Was that what he sought? No one moved to aid the young boy, so she pushed her way past the people. Her brow flexed as the boy started shaking his fists and screaming at the sky. What matter of mind was this? Her mad’ra would disapprove of her actions, so she hurried toward the staff and gripped it in her hand. Hot pain shot through her arm. 
“Ouch!” She dropped the weapon but managed to kick it in the boy’s direction. His hand closed over the wood, and it suddenly got solid and began to hum and glow with a powerful light. She watched the burn on her hand heal. Who was this boy? 
“Grab him! He’s mad in his mind!” shouted several people. Elora watched the boy whip his staff around forcefully so that no one came close to him. 
“I’ll get the high priest!” Elora said to the onlookers and ran toward the temple. Her fad’ra would know what to do.
***
“You stay away from him,” Graveri admonished his young daughter as she tried to urge him to come with her.
“He’s acting like something is attacking him, Fad’ra. Please! Can’t you help him?” Her eyes welled with unshed tears. Graveri hesitated. He’d already dealt with this boy once; he didn’t want him anywhere near Elora’nyssa. Blast her tears. He grabbed a white robe that was hanging on a silver hook and slipped it over himself.
“I shall come,” he said and followed his daughter into the market place.
Rhyme

Rhyme swung at the Deities, his face dripping with sweat. He could hear the crowd murmuring around him and realized that they didn’t see the pesky things that were attacking him. He looked mad. Was he mad? His hand trembled as he clutched the glossmer staff. He saw the priest who had kicked him out of the temple make his way through the crowd. The white and pale blue haired Zare looked regal with his long white beard and shrewd eyes. Veins of light grouped together and formed a ball of light in his palm. He lifted his hand toward Rhyme, and the orb was cast from it. Rhyme lifted his staff in the air and blocked it with a grunt.
“Hey!” Rhyme batted another Deity away. He watched their tiny bodies glimmer in and out of view. If they stayed much longer they’d fade permanently.
“We’re not done with you, Pod’s blood!” said the largest of all the Deities. They flew back toward the Dredge Forest and disappeared. Rhyme let out a long sigh.
“They’re gone…” he mumbled to himself. The priest caught his words.
“Who’s gone?” He held up his hand as if Rhyme was a skittish mammoi.
“The Deities. I’m fine.” He brushed himself off and watched the tiny scratches disappear from his arm. His glossmer staff still glowed in his hand.
“Put the weapon down,” the high priest said.
“Why?” Rhyme turned to face the elder, his eyes narrowing. The priest raised another orb of light in his palm. 
“I said put the glossmer stick down. Come with me, and we’ll get you help.”
The crowd began to murmur as the high priest moved closer to Rhyme. The orb of light hovered in front of him. Rhyme stared at the priest without fear, he was not letting go of Da’nea’s gift. 
“I can’t do that. I’m going back to work.” He nodded toward the priest and hopped up behind Rilly in the seat. 
The high priest raised the glowing orb higher so that it hovered right in front of the mammoi’s face.
“You don’t understand. You’re mind has been touched. You must be cleansed of your infirmity. Come with me.” The mammoi’s clicks began to grow fearful. Rhyme stroked her head.
“I’m fine. I’m not mad.” Rhyme felt fear building in his chest as he looked out over the people who wore worried, fearful, and angry expressions on their faces. 
“Is he a threat?” He heard one woman whisper to another. 
“Just insane…” another said. 
“You have no choice. Come with me or be forced to come.” The priest’s orb grew in size, and his voice deepened with authority. The orb spat sparks and started to cover Rilly and Rhyme with a dome of light. Rhyme felt the glossmer staff tremble under the pressure of the glow, but he clutched it like a lifeline. 
“No!” Rhyme tumbled forward out of the light and into the crowd.
“Grab him!” The high priest waved his hand at the people as Rhyme scrambled away. Hands scratched at Rhyme’s shirt and pulled at his hair as he swung his weapon madly.
“Leave me alone!” The world around him swirled. Angry faces blurred together, and he felt hands begin to restrain him. He struggled beneath them, still trying to swing his weapon at whoever came close. He tripped over someone’s foot and fell to the ground. He tried to get up but felt pressure on his chest as one man held him down. Hands tried to pry his staff from his fingers.
“Venna!” Heat filled Rhyme’s hand. The glossmer staff began to glow brighter than he’d ever seen before. His body tingled strangely, and he heard people begin to scream as rivers of light flowed overtop of his skin. He faded from view.

Rhyme groaned, rubbing his head. His eyes suddenly flew open as he felt soft moss beneath his fingers. He was in the Dredge Forest again. Fear tingled in his chest, but he was thankful as well. He held up the glossmer weapon.
“What just happened?” he murmured.
“You’re welcome, silly.” A girly voice giggled. Rhyme grinned as Venna knelt down beside him, her lacy cloak draped over her body. Underneath, a black, silky dress rested over her curves. She sat down and tucked her knees against her chest. “Are you alright, Rhyme?” Her hand slipped into his, and she rested her head gently against his chest.
“I’m alright, Venna. Thanks to you. Or was it…?” He stared at the wood.
“A little of both. Da’nea gave you a powerful weapon. You don’t know much about glossmer do you?” She laughed, shaking her head back and forth. Her dark brown tresses waved around her face. 
“No, but everyone’s afraid of it.” He stared at the harmless looking staff.
“Well, yes, as they should be. It’s a powerful weapon for the one who can use it.” She scooted away from him and stared into his face. “Tell me, Rhyme, what do you know of the ways of the light?” 
“Um, not much. I don’t know how to use it.” He shifted uncomfortably. Why did Venna’s gaze make him feel uneasy? He missed Da’nea. Venna’s laughter rang throughout the forest, and suddenly she disappeared. Rhyme shook his head in bewilderment. Deities. They were so unpredictable. 
“There was only one other man who could wield glossmer. Da’nea must have wanted to see if you inherited his special abilities,” Venna’s voice sang from the midst of the trees. Rhyme strained to see her but couldn’t. 
“Who?” 
Her laughter followed his question bouncing erratically through the branches.
“Your grandfa’, Pod, of course.” Suddenly, the green-eyed girl was back before him. “It must have a name to gain more power.”
“I have to name a stick?” The corners of his mouth curved into an amused smile. The tinkling of hidden Deities laughter made Venna giggle.
“There is a name for it that already exists if you wish to use it.” Venna lifted his chin. “Do you want to know the name of this powerful weapon?” 
Rhyme nodded, still feeling uneasy deep in his gut. Venna was acting strangely. 
“Corroa.” The wind seemed to stop blowing and silence filled the forest. Venna’s lips parted sensually, and she ran her fingertip down Rhyme’s cheek. He shifted uncomfortably.  
“Corroa?” Rhyme lifted the staff, wishing he could read the strange language engrained in its wood. The name seemed to send a surge of power through his blood. 
“When you speak her name she’ll respond to you. You called my name in her presence, so she brought you to me.” Venna looked longingly at Rhyme, her body twisting through the air like a mist.
“Last time…I called Da’nea. Oh…” Understanding dawned on Rhyme. He caught Venna’s gaze at him and blushed. That was why he’d been brought to the Dredge Forest. “So, Corroa takes me wherever I want to go?” 
“She is like a fickle woman.” Venna took a step closer to Rhyme. “She does what she pleases,” she breathed in his ear.
“Can you teach me how to wield her?” he asked. Silence met his question. Venna was gone once again. He gripped Corroa and headed back to the village. 
Chapter 24
Rhyme lifted a load of wood with a grunt and carried it into the merchant’s shop. He wiped his brow, his eyes squinting up at the bright sun that bore down on him relentlessly. He walked back over to the cart and heaved another load up onto his shoulder. That’s when he spotted a girl. She was slender with wavy white and fuchsia hair that hung down to her waist. It was braided elaborately, with tiny golden flowers tucked neatly into her braids. Her beauty stunned him. He’d seen many girls in his village that were pretty. None around him would even compare to this one. It was as if El’yi himself had kissed her. A sudden jolt brought him out of his reverie. 
“Look at all this wood! Great job, Rhyme,” Nikin said while slapping Rhyme on the back.
Rhyme dropped the load with a flop and rubbed the back of his head. When he turned to face the girl again, she was gone. Had she just been a figment of his imagination, or did he really see her? 
Elora’nyssa

Elora’nyssa’s mad’ra, Nia, hummed happily the next morning as she and Elora walked through the market. The shops were already abuzz with customers coming in and out, the merchants boasting of the best prices. Doghins slinked around people’s legs, happily chasing children. One brushed past Elora, and she reached her hand out to pet its spotted backside. Glimma felt like a new world. Exciting, beautiful, and the best part of it was there were endless amounts of shops to browse through. The warm breeze teased Elora’s hair and fluttered her light blue dress spotted with gems at the neckline, around her legs. The dress had been a gift from her fad’ra this morning after she’d eaten breakfast with him. It was becoming a rarity that they left Si to come visit, even though her fad’ra’s temple was here. She’d never understood that. Her mad’ra had explained it to her when she was a child, but she still thought it foolish to live so far away from her fad’ra. 
Nia lovingly fingered the jewelry in a shop they walked into; her white-yellow hair hanging around her face. Elora picked up a delicately made pale pink necklace, her eyes taking in the detailed flowers that had been carefully crafted. After a few minutes, they both purchased what they wanted and walked out of the shop. 

Elora and her mad’ra sat down at a table after ordering lunch. They set their plates down in front of them.
“Mad’ra?” Elora’s eyes rose to meet her mad’ra’s across the table.
“Yes?” Nia looked distracted as she watched the crowd of people around them. Her mad’ra seemed nervous. “Did Fad’ra tell you about that crazy boy I saw yesterday? The one who was raving about?” Elora took a sip out of a silver cup. 
“The poor boy. Someone needs to take him in and put his mind straight. Some children just need a firm hand.” Nia lifted her own cup to her mouth and drank.
“What if he really is seeing something? Maybe we are the ones who are mad.” The thought came out before Elora could stop it. She put a hand to her mouth as her mad’ra gave her a disapproving look.
“Elora, you shouldn’t say such things,” her mad’ra scolded. “You stay away from that boy.”
Elora chewed thoughtfully, wondering why the boy was dangerous. Sure, he was mad, but was he really going to harm anyone? She’d questioned her fad’ra about his actions, but he’d averted her questions, telling her the boy needed to be treated. Elora had watched the mad boy disappear underneath the crowd’s fingertips. How did her fad’ra explain that? She’d never seen such a powerful display of the light. Something gripped at her inside. She wanted to know more. 
After they’d finished their meal, they rose to their feet.
“Mad’ra, I’m going back to the shop down the street. I was going to purchase something there. Is that alright?”
“I’ll meet up with you later,” Nia said and gave her daughter a smile. 
Rhyme

“I have a new order for you, Rhyme,” Nikin said as Rhyme entered his shop. Rhyme was growing weary of cutting down the Dredge Forest wood, especially after his recent encounter with the Deity.
“I’m ready for it,” Rhyme said with a smile, as he rested his hands on a wooden chair. Nikin pulled out a parchment and set it on the table with a snuff of his nose. 
“We don’t want any trouble with the Deities, so I was thinking I’d have you gather some average wood this time around. Thanks to you my shop is prospering again.” He turned to Rhyme with a grin. “I might have to throw in some extra coin for that.” He slapped Rhyme on the back good-naturedly. 
“Thanks, sir.” 
“Pshhh, it’s Nikin to you. How about tonight we celebrate? I’ll invite over a few neighbors.”
“Sounds great, boss.” Rhyme smiled and picked up the list that rested on the table. He walked out of Nikin’s shop, grateful that he didn’t have to go into the Dredge Forest today. He knew just where to go for this list. He walked toward Rilly, a soft tune touching his lips. The creature clicked excitedly when she saw him, and he patted her nose affectionately. A loud clambering noise pulled his attention away from the mammoi and toward the market. A couple men appearing to be a little drunk had just knocked over a merchant’s table of trinkets. They walked away laughing as a girl scrambled to retrieve the precious merchandise. Rhyme recognized the man that had knocked into the booth. Kod. He growled under his breath and ran across the street to help the girl. He bent down and began to gather up the golden figurines that lay scattered in the dust, their shine now ruined.
“What a Worge-eater!” she hissed under her breath as she placed the figurines back on the table. “This will take me hours to clean up!” She looked dishearteningly at the dusty merchandise. 
“Here, I’ll help you.” Rhyme grabbed a cloth from his pocket and began to shine the figurines.
“Oh no, it’s alright, sir!” 
Rhyme continued to shine. He held the one in his hand out to her perfectly clean.
“It’s fine. I just have to make sure my order is filled by tonight. I have a few minutes to spare.” He picked up another and began to clean it off. The girl smiled at him in appreciation. 
Elora’nyssa

Elora walked casually toward the shop where the purple dress had been, eying shops in-between as she went. She spotted a boy with white-red hair helping a girl clean off dirty figurines that were dispersed in the dirt. He seemed oddly familiar, but she couldn’t place how she knew him. She looked at the shop next to them, her attention averted by the sparkling jewelry that was beautifully displayed.
“Hi, beautiful,” said a man’s voice from behind her. She ignored the comment, continuing to look through the jewelry. He probably was talking to someone else. She held up a ring with an embedded green stone. It was stunning.
“That ring wouldn’t do you justice.” A hand lightly touched her arm. Elora turned to face a young man with white and purple hair and a scar running down his cheek. He gave her a smile that unnerved Elora. She moved politely out of his reach and set the ring down. She hurried toward the exit.
“I didn’t mean to run you off,” he said with a laugh as he caught up to her. “I have a nice little place where it’s quiet, if you’d like to get to know me a little better.” 
Fear and anger mixed in the pit of her stomach.
“No thank you, I must be on my way.” She tried to step around the young man again, but he blocked her.
“What? Do you think you’re too good for me? Just give me a chance, beautiful.” 
“Let me pass. I’m not interested.” Her voice shook as she looked around her. No one seemed to be paying attention to this Worge-eater. He gripped her arm and pulled her toward him.
“Come on, I’ll make you feel things you’ve never felt before.” He put a hand against her back. 
“Let me go!” She struggled to get out of his grip.
Chapter 25
Rhyme

Rhyme heard a girl shouting and turned his head as he finished dusting off another figurine. The girl next to him looked over and frowned.
“That’s the guy who knocked my table over. What is he doing to that girl?”
“I don’t know.” Rhyme set the merchandise down on the table. “I’ll be right back.” He glanced at Rilly who was still waiting patiently. His staff was tucked away on his cart. He hesitated for a moment. He didn’t really have time to run across the street and retrieve it. He recognized the young man right away. It was the one he’d dropped fruit on. He panicked for a minute but then kept walking.
“Leave her alone, Worge-breath!” The sound of his voice made Kod loose the girl’s arm. Rhyme was distracted for a minute by the beauty of the girl but then recovered.
“You!” The man turned his attention to him, his hands balling into fists. The girl scampered from Rhyme’s view. He second guessed his bravado as the young man’s fist came hurtling toward his face. He dodged it just in time and Kod stumbled forward, caught off-guard of how quickly Rhyme moved. Rhyme glanced once at Rilly. Why hadn’t he grabbed Corroa! He dipped backward as Kod swung at him again. He heard the girl gasp. 
“The fruit thing was an accident,” he said, weaving around the tables of the shop. Rhyme managed to get outside and Kod followed.
“This isn’t about the fruit, Worge-eater!” Kod bellowed and swung again. Rhyme managed to stay just out of the boy’s reach. He watched the girl blend into the curious crowd that had gathered to watch the brawl taking place. He turned his attention back around when a big meaty fist lodged into his jaw. He staggered back in shock. The crowd let out a yelp, whether of excitement or horror he wasn’t quite sure. The bigger Zare was still coming; his fists were hard and fast. Rhyme managed to tumble out of the way just before Kod’s foot landed in his gut. Rhyme hopped to his feet and darted behind him. 
“Get him, Kod!” jeered a man from the crowd.
Rhyme let out a whistle, a smile twisting on his face. He may not be as big as this load of Worge-dung, but he was much, much faster. The young man charged him, his face a mask of anger and embarrassment. Rhyme dodged around him again and watched as his opponent’s footing slipped on one of the fallen figurines, and he went headlong into a vendor selling fertilizer. A roar resounded from his lips as the white and purple haired man got covered in dung. Rhyme was not trying to make this young man more vengeful; it just seemed to be happening. Should he run? Kod was shaking himself off, spitting clumps of brown fertilizer from his mouth. Rhyme looked up, and he noticed the pretty girl that’d he’d saved was watching him. Could he really run away like a coward in front of her? Or should he face this giant like a warrior? I’m no warrior! he thought as Kod collected himself, faced Rhyme with a sneer, and charged. The crowd gasped as Rhyme got plummeted into a vender on the other side of the street. Gold and silver colored trinkets scattered around him like rain. One heavy item smashed his hand and pain briefly ricocheted through his bones. He hissed. That didn’t stop the larger Zare; he came at him again, driving his big meaty fists into Rhyme’s face. 
Rhyme struggled to move beneath Kod’s weight, his legs kicking futilely. Why was no one helping him? 
“Get off my brother, Worge-dung, or I’ll have to kill you,” a low voice growled. Rhyme barely heard it, but it gave pause to his attacker. Enough pause, so that Oni’on ripped the boy off him. Rhyme tried to get to his feet but failed as his head swam. His hand was still aching as it tried to heal itself.
Oni’on

Oni’on sent his fist flying into his brother’s enemy, his face a mask of anger. Who was this dung-covered fool to try and hurt his family? The young man staggered backward. Oni’on gripped the boy’s head and cracked it against his own skull. The younger boy came crashing to the ground, probably sporting a massive headache. He rocked back and forth, screeching like a dying scomperoo, his hands cupped over his head. Oni’on might not have known much about life, but he did know how to throw a punch. He strolled toward Rhyme. His younger brother was trying to rise back to his feet.
“You alright, Rhyme?” Oni’on asked gruffly. The wounds looked as if they were slowly healing, but his hand appeared broken. Oni’on saw a girl who was standing on the outskirts watching the whole thing. She captivated his younger brother’s gaze. That was nothing but trouble brewing. So, he did what any big brother would do; he embarrassed the kid. If his brother had done all that to impress a girl, then he was heading down the same path as Oni’on, and he couldn’t take that. He gripped Rhyme by his broken hand. His younger brother cried out in pain, stumbling from his feet and into the dust. 
“Was this for her? Take it from me, baby brother, you don’t want this life.” He twisted Rhyme’s hand so that it cracked in several places. There, that will last a few good hours before it readjusts itself to normal. Rhyme would remember the pain of how looking good for one girl had felt.
Rhyme

Venna and several Deities swarmed Rhyme as he lay drenched in sweat. Every inch of him ached, and his hand was so painful it brought tears to his eyes. 
“Rhyme? Where is Corroa? Where is she, Rhyme? You should always keep her near you.” Venna’s eyes pleaded with him. Rhyme tucked his broken hand against his chest.
“I didn’t have time to grab her, Venna.”
“He’s speaking to nothing…” voices murmured. 
“He’s mad,” more whispered. 
Venna swirled through the air and landed in front of him. “I can restore your health if you let me, Rhyme. Please let me.” She held out her fingers toward him. He shook his head.
“I’m fine. It will heal.” Rhyme’s eyes carried over to where the girl lingered in the crowd. She looked terrified as she watched him talking to the Deity girl.
Chapter 26
Oni’on

Oni’on’s eyes narrowed as he watched his brother talk to an unseen being. What was going on here? The crowd of people were growing nervous as his brother had a conversation with someone named Venna. Oni’on approached Rhyme. Fear gripped him for his brother’s sanity. The fear made him angry.
“Silence your babbling! Whoever you think you’re seeing, Rhyme, isn’t real.” Oni’on saw his brother tremble in fear of him. Who was he becoming? Didn’t he remember trembling before his fad’ra like that?
Rhyme glared at him, rose to his feet, and bolted down the street. 
Elora’nyssa

Elora stared blankly out the window of her fad’ra’s house still thinking about the event that had taken place. The mad boy had saved her. No one else was coming to her aid as that Worge-dung had tried to force her to come with him. Watching the mad boy get beat up and then the other man crushing his hand made her shiver in anger. Why would he save the boy and then hurt him? She was grateful her mad’ra had missed the whole ordeal. She wrapped her arms around herself and drew in a deep breath. Despite her joy of being with her fad’ra, Glimma felt dangerous. She’d have to be more careful while she shopped. Her curiosity about the red-white haired boy flared. Was he really insane, or was he seeing something that was hidden from normal people’s eyes? She wanted to find him and thank him for saving her. 
Stelane
Neuge City
Icer Domain

Silvies songs mingled into the afternoon wind. The sound swirled around Stelane where she was held fast at the edge of the Icer domain. The ice beneath her feet crunched as she shifted from foot to foot. She’d had to get away. She knew standing near the edge of the border was dangerous, especially after one of the guards had been brutally murdered. Her entire life her father had warned her not to go past the border and into Zare territory. The warmth would destroy her. She watched the giant trees sway as if a woman seducing a man, their branches rattling like coaxing fingers. Her pale white hand lifted, and she swept it forward as if to touch the invisible barrier between the two worlds. What was it like to feel the warmth of the sun on your face and not feel pain? 
She often came here to break away from her father’s watchful gaze and to think for a few minutes before some slave called her back. Her mind drifted to the race that lived just beyond the other side of the forest. The Zares. She’d never seen an unaltered Zare, except once, and that was moments before her father had given him the surgery and turned him into another drone that worked at their castle. The boy had been just a child, hardly ten-years-old. His look of terror was enough to haunt her for years. She saw the reasoning behind her father’s methods in removing parts of the Zares brains so that they could adapt to the cold temperatures, but it seemed like there was a less cruel way to do it. Then again, her father had never been known to be kind or gentle in the least bit. She remembered when she had been just four-years-old, and he’d threatened to cut off her finger if she didn’t obey him. He’d held the knife out and had even drawn blood before she’d repented for whatever she had been doing. 
No wonder Nahor wanted out of this place. She gazed out into the forest just beyond her reach and something inside her ached. She wished she had been born in a different world. She brushed her foot on the crystallized line. Hearing the sweet tune of silvies, she rested her chin on her palm and sat down to watch the life on the other side. Shrubs stirred as little scomperoos darted around them. The branches of the trees bowed before them like servants. Her eyelids drooped, and she feared she’d fall asleep, so she stood back up to her feet. She was about to turn to walk back to the castle when a flash of white caught her eye. A small gasp escaped her lips as she saw a young Zare boy chasing something big through the woods. She hiked up her dress and ran to watch him as he darted around trees right near the edge of their worlds. The boy looked strong and had white and dark purple hair that looked untamed. He was whooping and hollering so loud that she feared all of Neuge City would hear him. He suddenly came to a halt. She stopped with him on the other side of the forest. His gaze met hers, and his eyebrows arched in surprise. Stelane stared back at him. He was unlike anything she’d ever seen. She wouldn’t doubt that he could wrestle a mammoi to the ground and win. Whatever he’d been chasing seemed to come to a stop as well and tromped over toward him.
“Iri, come here ya, brute!” he called with a laugh in his voice. Stelane watched as a 500 pound doghin come out from behind some trees. His long muzzle dripped with drool and sweat, and his furry, spotted body was covered in leaves and sticks. She’d never seen a doghin grow that big.
“Don’t mind his appearance. He doesn’t have a woman, yet.” He rubbed the doghin’s head good-naturedly. The boy’s grin spread as the big doghin shook his muzzle like he disagreed with the statement. “Why don’t you say hello, Iri.” The Zare’s golden eyes danced with light. The doghin gave a snuffing noise, his big muzzle nodding up and down. His paws stomped the ground, and he bowed politely.
“Show off,” muttered the boy with a roll of his eyes. “I’m Glide. We were having us some exercise. Huh, boy.” He ruffled Iri’s head and scratched his nose. With his tongue hanging out in pleasure, the pet lay on his side panting. 
“Oh—I’m um, I’m Stelane. I didn’t mean to interrupt your run,” she stuttered with a flush. 
“No trouble. We aren’t ever troubled by a pretty face. Isn’t that right, boy?” Glide smiled at her which made Stelane’s stomach flip-flop. “Do you come here often?” he asked casually. Stelane glanced back at the castle. Her father would be looking for her if she didn’t leave soon. It would be awful if they sent out a slave. She turned her face back to Glide.
“I will meet you here tomorrow if you wish. I’d like to talk more, but I must run!” She snapped her head back toward the castle as she saw a brown-haired slave approaching. 
“Tomorrow then, same time?” he asked with a hopeful expression. She smiled at him, nodded, and darted toward the castle. She’d met a boy. Maybe he was a Zare, and she could never be with him, but she felt an excitement she’d never felt before. 

Nahor

“There you are, sister.” Nahor chuckled as Stelane came running into the castle a smile draped across her face. He picked up a pack and loaded it over his shoulder. He was finally getting out of this castle. He hated leaving his little sister to the scrutiny of his father, but it was this or go mad. He chose the former. He watched as she darted up the long spindly stairs, nearly plowing over a slave boy who was carrying a tray. What was that girl’s hurry?

The wind picked up and swirled snow around Nahor’s shoulders as he walked back outside with a trunk on top of his shoulder. He loaded the last of his belongings into his carriage and let out a long sigh of relief. The weight of this place was already starting to slide off his shoulders. He glanced over to see Stelane standing behind him with a scowl on her young face. She wasn’t happy with him, but he had to leave. He had to. She walked over to him her arms crossed, her wild brown hair hanging around her thin shoulders. He could see that she was holding back tears. 
“How long, Nahor?” she asked quietly, holding her head down. Her fingers fumbled with her skirt. Nahor felt his heart prick. He wished he could take her with him. He didn’t want her to face their father alone. The thought trailed off as he gently lifted her pale chin.
“I will come back I promise. Well…as long as you don’t throw any more saucers at my head.” He winked and pulled her into his arms. He could feel her body shudder for several moments before he let her go. “Didn’t you find a boy at your gathering that you liked?” he asked hopefully and wiped the tears from her cheeks. She stared up at him like a child, her lip quivering.
“I don’t know, Nahor, maybe. I’m going to miss you. Please, hurry home.” She kissed his cheek, turned around, and fled back toward the castle, her brown hair trailing behind her. 
Nahor climbed in the carriage his mind uneasy. He would miss Stelane, but the drive to leave this castle was stronger. He’d come back. At least that’s what he told himself.
Chapter 27
Stelane

The world was blurry through her tears as Stelane ran up toward the castle. She got close enough to see her mother in the window and darted away from the door instead. She didn’t realize where she was going until she stood on the borderline of the Icer domain, her shoulders shaking. Why did Nahor have to leave? Why couldn’t he just stay close by? Her brother and she had always had a close knit bond. They comforted each other from their father’s wrath, their mother’s sickness, and the lonely walls of the castle. She stood toes touching the line and wishing she could step over. Wishing she could be anywhere else. She sat down holding her face in her hands. 
Nahor had always taken the brunt of everything. He always knew what she was thinking and got them out of awkward social events. She was lost without him. 
A sudden movement in the woods startled her, and she looked up to see Glide holding a basket in his hand. 
“Hi,” he said with a smile. His straight hair was angled around his chin and looked neatly in place today. She smiled back at him.
“Hi.” 
He set the basket down right up to the edge of the border. 
“I wasn’t sure if you’d be here, but I brought enough for two if you’d like some.” He tipped the basket slightly, so she could see the contents inside of it. The food looked foreign but delicious. 
“I’d like that,” she nearly whispered still feeling emotions swirling through her. He took a few things out of the basket and set them on a blanket. He sat down then slid the basket through the barrier. She watched as ice crawled over it instantly, and she winced.
“Sorry, it may get ruined over on this side.” 
“It’s alright.” He grinned at her and began to crunch on a piece of orange fruit. Stelane opened the basket and peered inside. She pulled out some bread and the same orange fruit and began to nibble on it.
“Is that where you live?” he asked her, casually motioning toward the castle.
“Yeah.” The flavor of the fruit danced on her tongue. 
“Are you a servant there?” He leaned back, the wind teasing his hair around his face. Stelane felt apprehensive, thinking of the mutilated Zares that roamed the halls of the castle.  
“Yeah, I work there…”
“Is he as bad as everyone says?” Glide took a sip out of a waterbag.
“Sometimes.” Stelane looked at the castle. He had no idea. Suddenly, a wet tongue slobbered her cheek. She fell backward with a grunt and laughed. Iri pinned her down, sniffed at her face, and licked her again.
“Thanks, Iri. I needed that,” she said softly so that Glide couldn’t hear her.
“Come here, Iri! No one wants your smelly breath in their face!” Glide gave her an apologetic look. Iri gave her one more proper lick and then went across the border to his friend. Stelane giggled. 
Otsana
Wolfinic Village
Dredge Forest

The wind twisted Otsana’s fur as she ran toward the center of the village after delivering Shema to her mate. She held in her mouth the vision-stone that Shema had discovered in the glade. Her mind was haunted with visions that made dread spread through her. Were they accurate or just fears manifesting in her thoughts? She came to the center of the village and let out a long, deep howl that immediately drew her village to her. This stone needed to be discussed amongst everyone. Like the trickling of a river, her race began to manifest and walk toward her. Mothers instructed their pups to stay indoors. 
“Otsana,” said Elder Pois as she nudged her in greeting. Soon all the adults, that could come without leaving their pups, were gathered. Otsana simply started walking toward the offsite area, where they discussed matters. Her village quietly followed behind her, knowing that whatever she had to say was of great importance. As soon as they reached their destination, Otsana lifted her eyes to everyone. She carefully stood on her two hind paws and held the vision-stone up. Murmurs mixed with whimpers rumbled through the forest. Elder Pois drew closer, her eyes scanning the vision-stone with a critical eye. 
“What is this?” Otsana said and growled threateningly at her people. “Who made this?” She slammed the stone down on a table carved from a giant tree. It hit it with a loud thud. The Wolfinics gathered were silent. “This is an abomination to our people. Just look at it!” She picked up the stone and slammed it down again in frustration. 
“There is nothing to worry about, Otsana,” an elder Wolfinic, with a gray face and white back, said. He was one of the oldest of their race and carried much weight with the others. Otsana let out a hot breath through her nose.
“How is a vision-stone nothing to worry about, Elder Plue? Whoever created this has set this future in motion.”
Elder Plue let out a deep sigh. “We have known about this vision-stone. We thought it had been lost. Where did you find it?” he asked, his tone heavy.
“In the glade.” The forest seemed to hold its breath with her words.
“The vision was proved to be false. The Wolfinic who bit this deannicle stone was banished for her false sight and has long since passed on. You don’t remember who made this do you?”
“She is dead then?” Otsana said, ignoring the second question. Not many Wolfinics died off.
“There is no proof of her death, but many believe she is dead. You have no memory of this vision-stone’s maker?” Elder Plue said eying her strangely.
Otsana watched him exchange a look with Elder Pois and shook her head no.
“It’s probably for the best,” Elder Plue expressed calmly. The Wolfinics touched each other’s noses at the news. Once the Wolfinic was dead, and if she had been proven to be a false seer, then the village had nothing to worry about. Fear wriggled in Otsana’s mind like a sliver digging deeper and deeper. But what if the Wolfinic wasn’t a false seer and the vision-stone would come to pass?
***
A happy yipping woke Otsana out of a disturbing night vision. She felt a paw batting at her nose and a little chirpy voice speaking in her mind.
Wake up, Mama! Wake up! She slowly opened her tired eyes. Maybe the mind link was a bad idea. She buried her nose into her paws as the little pup bounced around like a scomperoo. Shema’s nose nuzzled underneath Otsana’s paws with loud snuffs. 
Mama! I want to play! Can we play? The chirpy voice continued as Shema danced, her furry tail wagging uncontrollably. Otsana playfully pushed her pup away. She yawned, her large tongue uncurling out of her mouth. 
“Go ask your father. Mama wants to sleep a little longer.” Her eyes fought to stay closed against the warm sun beating through the dirty glass windowpane. Papa said to ask you! Mama, can we go hunting again? I liked that! 
Otsana groaned. Mur had gotten up early last time with their little pup, so she flopped one of her legs out of bed and stretched with a groan. She managed to get her eyes open and nudged her pup in greeting. 
“I’m up, Shema, but we cannot hunt today, maybe on the next morn.” She licked Shema in the face making her yip happily.
Alright, Mama, can we go outside and play? The little pup looked up at her mother with anticipation. 
“Let’s eat some breakfast first.” Otsana stood on her hind legs, stretched, and plopped back down in the midst of the dirty floor. Mur had fallen back asleep in the corner. Otsana licked her front tooth, shook her scruffy head, and looked over at the pile of bones that lay in the corner. Maybe she would have to hunt. There was nothing like having fresh meat, and by the looks of it Mur had finished off her kills. She sniffed the pile to see if there were a few scraps left for Shema, but it smelt like there was nothing. After a hopeful nudge at one more bit of bone she let out a gruff sigh. She was either going to have to wake up Mur to watch Shema or take the pup hunting with her. Mur seemed really tired, so she opted for option two.
“We are going hunting after all, Shema,” she said with a twist of her head. The pup barked happily and wagged her long, furry tail so hard that her entire backside bounced up and down. Otsana laughed, picked her up by the scruff, threw her on her back, and headed out the door. 
The sun was warm as Otsana set Shema down on the forest floor. Her nose picked up a light scent of some elkens. They were good kills, but rather boring for her. She stretched, still tired from the restless night of sleep. Shema bit into some sort of plant and began to tear at it with playful growls. It wouldn’t be too long before Shema could speak without the mind link. Otsana settled her mind into her visions. It was the easiest way to hunt, and her bed was sounding mighty nice to her. She spotted a flit, which was a little juicer than an elken. 

She placed the image in the forefront of her mind, picked up Shema, and jogged toward the spot where the creature would be in just a short moment.
Mama, can I kill it? Shema begged in Otsana’s mind. Otsana’s heart squeezed in love at the request. The pup was way too young to make a kill, but how could she say no? Shema licked her chops. 
“Let mama make the first pounce, but you will make the ultimate death kill!” Her lip curled in mock fierceness. Shema wiggled excitedly, her eyes widening. Otsana concentrated to make sure the flit was still on his way. He was. She lowered herself to the ground. There was no need to do this, but it was entertaining to watch Shema imitate her. 
“Shema, after Mama pounces you’ll bite his throat for the kill, understand?” 
Shema just squirmed in reply, her eyes narrowing in an effort to focus. The vision grew clearer until Otsana spotted the flit coming around the corner. They were meaty creatures, with large muscles, and heads shaped like a bird. They used their heavy limbs to smash anything in their way, and their feathered tails curled out behind their backs. They were fairly intelligent, so it was a bit of a challenge to snag one, but Otsana had never let one get away yet. The flit moved his head from side to side as if thinking of something important. She wondered if he could smell them. She opened her mind again and could see it all clearly. No, this flit was going to die right here right now. She waited a heartbeat then sprang forward her teeth bared, and her sharp claws extended. The flit let out a sharp cry as her heavy body slammed into him. She pinned him to the ground and bit out a chunk of his larynx. He would be dead within a second, but she’d promised Shema the kill.
“Come!” 
Shema regally came running out of the hiding spot she’d been in and jumped atop the flit her sharp, tiny teeth ripping roughly into the creature’s neck. Blood splashed both of them as the flit drew his last breath. It was way messier than Otsana ever did, but it was her pup’s first kill, and she was so proud that her chest puffed out. Shema was still ripping into the creature until Otsana pulled her off with a barky laugh.
“He’s dead, Shema! Let’s not tear his hide apart before we get him home. You did well!” She thrust her nose into her pup’s underbelly and licked. Shema yipped happily and lightheartedly bit at her mother’s fur.
“Mama, I did it!” A squeaky voice came out of the pup’s mouth much to Otsana’s surprise. Generally, it was several more months before a pup developed the tongue. She should have known her daughter would succeed even in this.
“Your tongue has been loosed!” Otsana licked her pup’s mouth gladly and nudged her with her nose. Shema started jumping up and down standing on her hind legs for a few moments. 
“I can speak!”
They made their way back toward the village dragging their kill behind them.
“Papa! Look at what I killed!” Shema bounced into the house, her paws wildly swinging in excitement. Otsana dragged the flit into the house and instantly began to gut it to get to the fresh meat. She tore off a chunk and tossed it to Shema, who was still happily dancing around. Mur lifted his head. He’d still been asleep, but the sound of Shema’s new voice woke him instantly.
“You got your language!” He nudged her belly affectionately a grin on his dark muzzle.
“Can we eat it now?” Shema’s eyes danced with expectation. Otsana chuckled as she finished dividing the meat amongst them.
“Yes, you can eat now, Shema.”
Chapter 28
Rhyme
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

Raindrops trickled down from the leaves of the majestic trees that stretched high above Rhyme’s head. He held his face in his hands as the memory of his brother’s abuse went through his mind. Everyone thought him mad, even his own brother. He didn’t want to see Deities anymore. Why did they only show themselves to him? The dripping of raindrops suddenly ceased, and his body instantly stiffened. Something was wrong. He had made sure he stayed on the outer edge of the Deities territory so they wouldn’t bother him. He lifted his face to see three Deity women staring at him with confusion. 
“Are you sure?” whispered a sorrowful faced girl, with black ringlets, to a light haired one. 
“Yes, he sees us, sister.” The light haired one smiled at him, her pale skin shimmering in the sunlight. Her long flowing white gown rippled around her feet as if a wind blew it. The furthest one from them, a girl with straight brown hair, didn’t look pleased with the other two. 
“Hello, grandson of Pod,” said the light haired one. “I am Avilia. These are my sisters Leanza and Corell.”
“I’m not in the mood right now,” Rhyme said gripping Corroa tightly. He wanted to be alone. 
“Oh, I see,” Avilia said sadly, “maybe I was mistaken.” She turned and motioned toward her sisters.
“What do you mean? Mistaken about what?” 
“Da’nea chose you. Is that correct?” Avilia’s light tresses swirled around her shoulders as she said Da’nea’s name. 
“She gave me this.” He held up the staff with a light scowl.
“Have you named your weapon?” asked the one called Leanza. Rhyme watched the rainbow colors of her skin dance in the reflection of the sun, her golden colored eyes filled with concern. 
“This is foolish!” Corell scolded her two sisters.
“Yes, her name is Corroa.” When the name slipped from his lips the three Deities seemed to vanish for a moment. When they shimmered back into view he looked at them helplessly.
“What just happened? Are you alright?” 
Corell shrieked at her sisters in a language Rhyme couldn’t comprehend. They looked at him fearfully.
“You have named her Corroa? After Venna?” 
“Venna told me that the staff already had a name. What’s wrong with that name?”
Avilia stared uneasily at the weapon. 
“She has betrayed you, grandson of Pod.”
“Have you no knowledge of the Deity race?” Leanza looked at him apprehensively. 
“He’s a fool!” Corell’s eyes blazed. 
“Don’t you know your family heritage?” Avilia asked him with a tilt of her head.
“My family are all fools. My brother’s a drunk, and my fad’ra is an abusive Worge-eater.” Rhyme gripped Corroa tightly, his eyes narrowing. “Leave me alone; I don’t want to talk to you.” He turned and ran back toward Glimma ignoring the three Deities pleas for him to listen.  
Elora’nyssa
Glimma Village

A cool breeze wafted through Elora’s window as she lazily awoke from a dream she’d been having. She dreamt close to the same thing every night. There was always a light, warmth, and a voice that spoke to her. She never remembered what the voice had said in her dreams, just a comforting feeling that left a smile on her face. Her mad’ra would want to leave to go back to Si soon. Every moment with her fad’ra was precious to her. She still didn’t understand why they didn’t live here in Glimma. Her mad’ra never spoke of her fad’ra or his practice as the high priest. Elora’nyssa had always wanted to be a priestess and follow in her fad’ra’s footsteps, but it was the one thing her mad’ra forbid her to do. She told her that practicing the ways of the light wasn’t meant for young girls. She was to find a husband, settle down, and that was it. Elora had never really argued about learning the ways of the light. She could sense the fear in her mad’ra’s voice when she talked about it. What had happened in the field then? She slipped her feet from with under the covers and stretched as the sound of silvies sang their hello. She heard her fad’ra laughing outside her room and smiled. It was nice to hear that sound. A few seconds ticked by, and she heard her mad’ra’s voice mingle with the laugh. 
“Graveri, it’s not been that long has it?” asked her mad’ra. She giggled and Elora heard rummaging around. What were they doing out there? She suddenly realized she was hearing them through her wall; they were in their room. Oh El’yi. She choked on a laugh. She slipped her dress and shoes on, snuck out the door, and headed toward the market. They deserved some time alone. The merchants hadn’t opened up their shops yet as Elora ambled down the center of the street. Her eyes drifted from one booth to the next, not really paying attention to where she was walking. Suddenly, she ran smack into a large body. She stumbled backward in surprise gasping as her foot twisted. Pain shot up her ankle, and she let out a small whimper. The man she’d run into turned and saw her almost fall. He reached out and grabbed her arm before she hit the dirt.
“Whoa!” he said with a smile. He was a broad young man, with piercing golden-purple eyes that seemed to undress her where she stood. He laughed as he settled her back on her feet. “Can’t let a pretty thing like you mess up her face. Name’s Kod.”
“Elora’nyssa.” Elora didn’t like this man already, and he seemed oddly familiar. Suddenly she remembered. He was the man Rhyme had rescued her from in the booth. 
“Let’s take a walk, Elora’nyssa. Let me show you the village.” He pulled her to his chest, his eyes darting to a couple men that were hovering around the brothel doorsteps. Elora looked fearfully to the booths, but they still weren’t open yet. There was no one else on the street but these men. Fear choked her words from her throat. Scream! she said to herself, but nothing came from her dry lips. She pushed herself away from the man’s chest and tripped on an empty crate. Pain shot up her leg, and she landed with an oomph in the dirt. 
“Now, now, little thing, we aren’t going to hurt you,” Kod said and motioned for his friends to circle around her. “We just want to have a little fun.” The other men laughed and began to speak crude comments to her that made her blush. 
“I want her first, Kod,” said a skinny man that looked at her like a Worge. The lust in his eyes made Elora shiver. What did she do?
“Help! Somebody help!” 
The men just laughed at her. They bullied her into the back alley of one of the stores. Elora’nyssa tried pushing against their grabbing hands, but she could tell they were just teasing her right now. One tore her shoulder strap from her dress and laughed when her hand went flying across his face.
“Get away from me!” She took several steps backward until her back was up against the stone wall of the alley. She hadn’t known it would be so dangerous in Glimma. She curled her fists and shook with anger. How dare they! She was the daughter of the high priest. 
“My fad’ra is the high priest. If you do this, he will call on the wrath of El’yi.” Her voice quivered, so it didn’t quite have the affect she wanted. The men erupted into laughter grabbing their stomachs.
“El’yi will curse us huh? Like the Vullens? He’s going to curse us to live in a brothel the rest of our lives? Oh hurry, men, let the girl go, or we’re all doomed!” Kod shook his hands in mockery. 
“I don’t want to hurt you,” Elora said softly, her eyes downcast. She snapped them up as a hand touched her. “Leave me alone.” 
The skinny man approached her, his stringy white and blue hair hanging around his gaunt face. 
“Come on, sweetie.” He was reaching for her when something smacked him in the face. Elora jumped in surprise as a boy was suddenly in front of her.
“Get back, Worge-breath. Leave her alone.” The back of a boy with white and red hair that hung to his shoulders stood in-between Elora and her attackers. The other men crept forward, and Elora watched the boy swing a staff. She heard a harsh hissing noise and the sounds of the men screaming in pain. 
“What is this?” the skinny man bellowed, gripping his charred chest in pain.
“What is that he wields?” 
“It’s a stick, idiots! Get him!” Kod said to his group of friends. 
Rhyme

Rhyme brandished Corroa fervently, swinging wildly at the group of men, who had surrounded a beautiful girl. Corroa burned the men’s skin as he hit his mark again and again. His staff began to glow causing the men to scatter. 
“Stab it into the ground!” said a voice in Rhyme’s ear. He watched as the Deity inscription on the weapon began to glow. He stabbed the staff into the ground and rivers of light flowed toward the feet of the men. They jumped in surprise howling with pain as the hot light burned their shoes right through. They turned around and began to run away in fright. 
“He’s a warrior!” Rhyme heard one say as he darted out of the alley. A warrior? Rhyme never thought himself a warrior. He looked at his staff as the rest of the men fled from him. Kod stared him down with pure hatred. Once the last of them left the alley, he turned to the pretty girl that was shivering up against the wall.
“H..h…how did you do that? How do you know how to wield the light like that?” Her fear of him looked almost as great as her fear of the men who’d attacked her.
“I won’t hurt you I promise.” He tucked Corroa back into a sleeve on his back. He held up his hands as if approaching a skittish mammoi. 
“You didn’t answer me,” she whispered, and he saw a little bit of her fear leave. “Thank you, by the way. I’m Elora’nyssa.”
“I’m Rhyme. Sorry, I didn’t mean to scare you too. I just heard your cry before I went to work.” He looked away from her, his cheeks burning red.
Chapter 29
Elora’nyssa

Elora observed the boy closely. She guessed he was close to her age.  
“Do you live in Glimma?” Rhyme said taking her in as she had done to him.
“I live in Si with my mad’ra. My fad’ra lives here in the temple.”
“A priest?” Rhyme asked, and she saw his face tighten slightly. Her eyebrow flicked in concern. Did he know her fad’ra? Suddenly, Elora realized who the boy was. 
“You’re the boy who sees Deities right?” She brushed dirt off the front of her dress. He fidgeted uncomfortably. 
“Yes.”
Elora could hear the anger in his voice and wondered at it.
“Is that who taught you how to use the light?” She watched a deep thought pass through his face, and he looked afraid for a moment.
“Everyone’s afraid of my staff.” His words seemed unrelated to her question. Her eyes shifted to the staff that had dulled to its normal white color.
“You don’t think I’m crazy?” He looked like he wanted to bolt away from her. Elora giggled.
“No, I think you’re stupid, but not crazy. You could have been hurt.” 
“So, I was supposed to let those men hurt you and pretend I didn’t hear anything?” He crossed his arms over his chest.
“No, but you could have gotten help.”
“Next time when you’re about to die I’ll remember that.” He started walking toward the street.
“Next time? Do you plan on saving me from death again?” She caught up to him, running her fingers along the side of the wall. 
“I’ve done it twice now, and girls have a knack for trouble,” he said and jogged over to his cart and mammoi with a smile. Elora’nyssa smiled back.
***
“Elora! You could have been hurt!” Nia shook her finger at her daughter as Elora explained what had happened to her.
“You say the boy saved you?” Graveri stirred a cup of tea his shrewd eyes narrowing.
“Yes. He swung this glowing staff around. It was amazing! He’s the crazy boy everyone has been talking about; the one who sees Deities.” Elora’s face flushed as she thought of the way Rhyme had looked at her.
“You are forbidden to see that boy, Elora. He’s dangerous,” Graveri rebuked her with a stern shake of his head.
“Forbidden? Fad’ra, he saved me.”
“I don’t care.” Graveri stood to his feet and scowled at her. “Don’t be deceived by him. He’s cursed.” 
Nia shot her husband a look that told him what she thought of his curse.
“Cursed? Fad’ra, what if he’s telling the truth? He could see Deities.” Elora was growing angry with this discussion and felt heat burning her cheeks. Rhyme wasn’t crazy. 
“Why can’t I learn? I want to wield the light. If only to just protect myself!” She turned to her mad’ra who was slamming things around the kitchen.
“I said no.” Nia turned and went back to whatever she’d been doing.
“This doesn’t make any sense…” Elora whispered, rose from the table, and stomped to her room. 

Elora sat on her bed overlooking Glimma with sadness. Why didn’t her mad’ra want to stay in Glimma? Sure, it had dangers as she’d found out first thing, but her fad’ra could teach her the light. Anger brewed up. Her mad’ra’s refusal for her to learn made no sense! She was a high priest’s daughter; she should know at least some rituals. What if Rhyme hadn’t come to her rescue? She shuddered, wrapping her arms around herself.

Rhyme

Rhyme wanted to see Elora’nyssa again. He tried to concentrate while at work, but it wasn’t working well. His boss, Nikin Jenson, had instructed for him to load the wood he’d gathered into the tent behind his shop. He stacked it absentmindedly, so he didn’t hear when the overweight man walked in. 
“Rhyme? You alright?” Amusement wafted in the man’s voice as he stared at the boy. Rhyme realized he’d been holding a chunk of wood in his hand for awhile. 
“Oh, yeah. I’m fine, thanks.” He stacked the wood and walked over to Nikin.
“I have to ask you, where did you get that fantastic staff you’ve been carrying around? It’s a masterpiece!” The man’s mouth stretched into a smile as he reached out his hand toward Corroa. 
“A friend gave it to me. She made it.”
“May I see it?” Nikin’s eyes sparkled with wonder staring at the white staff. 
“Um, I don’t know if that’s a good idea.” Rhyme wasn’t sure how to tell his boss that the wood could burn his skin. 
“Why ever not?” Nikin crossed his arms. “Just want to check out the craftsmanship. I promise, I’ll be careful with it.” He smiled. Rhyme carefully slid the weapon from its sleeve and held it out to his boss. Nikin carefully took the staff and examined it. 
“Why, this is beautiful! Who made this for you? This is highly detailed work!” He turned the staff over observing the way it twisted and turned perfectly. 
“Her name is Da’nea,” he said softly. 
“Well, you should tell Da’nea to come work for me. I could use another carver like this. Wow! Beautiful indeed!” Nikin handed the staff back to Rhyme. Rhyme breathed a sigh of relief that Corroa hadn’t burned his boss. 
***
Rhyme walked quickly through the streets of Glimma, making his way back to the inn for the night. Elora was still lodged in his mind. He heard talking in the distance and looked up. He watched as Elora’nyssa came out of a shop talking to a woman that was just behind her. Rhyme’s face lit up with joy. 
“Elora!” he said to her. She glanced up at the sound of her name and spotted him. She turned her eyes to the woman whom Rhyme guessed to be her mad’ra. The woman was looking at Rhyme with disapproval. Elora tugged at her mad’ra’s hand and said something to her. Rhyme watched the exchange in confusion. A few seconds went by when Elora jogged toward him.
“I’m sorry, I can’t talk to you. My fad’ra forbids it. Where do you live?” She fidgeted, looking behind her at her impatient mad’ra. 
“I’m staying in the Living Inn just a few more shops down.” 
“Thank you again for saving me. I want to come say goodbye before I leave Glimma.” She reached over and gave him a quick kiss on the cheek.
“You’re welcome,” he said and watched with a dopey smile as she ran back to her mad’ra. 
***
Rhyme awoke from a disturbing dream. He had been in the Dredge Forest when wind sprites had attacked him and put him into a deep sleep. A soft tapping noise turned his head. What was that? He slipped his feet from beneath the covers and crept over to the window. He peered out into the darkness to see a figure bathed by the moons’ light. Elora? He looked down and blushed. He should probably put some pants on at least. He grabbed his pants and shirt that were lying on a chair and put them on. He grabbed Corroa and slipped the weapon into her sleeve. It didn’t hurt to be prepared for anything. He climbed out the window and walked toward the shadowed girl.
“Hi,” she said, and he could hear the anxiety in her voice. 
“Hi, what’s going on?”
“I wanted to see you,” she whispered. 
“Where do you want to go?” 
“Let’s just go for a walk.” She smiled at him and gripped his hand. Rhyme smiled back at her, and they began to walk through the quiet streets, that were lit up by a couple torches along the way. 
“Sorry about my mad’ra,” Elora said. Rhyme turned and looked at her.
“It’s no problem. I understand people are afraid of me.” The dim lights flickered along the side of his face. 
“I don’t get it. They should be grateful that you rescued me. Instead, they forbid me to even talk to you. Why?” Elora wasn’t sure if she was asking Rhyme or herself that question. 
“I don’t know.” Rhyme led Elora’nyssa out of the main part of the village to a remote area.
“Do you have a family?” 
Rhyme told her about Sadie, his fad’ra, his mad’ra’s enslavement, Oni’on, and the Deities that haunted him daily. Elora listened quietly until he was finished.
“There is something unusual about my mad’ra and fad’ra. I feel like they are hiding something from me. She chooses to live in Si instead of Glimma!” Elora snapped, her anger flaring for a moment.
“Have you asked her what’s wrong?” Rhyme led them over to a log that was overlooking a trickling stream. 
“Not outright, but I have asked her why we live in Si while my fad’ra lives in Glimma. She never answers me honestly.” Elora blushed and turned her face away. Why was she telling this boy all of this? Perhaps, it was because he’d saved her life. 
“Do you wanna try to use Corroa?” Rhyme stood to his feet with a grin after the conversation grew somber. Elora smiled back at him.
“I’d love to! How do I use it? Wait, you named your stick?” she asked with a giggle, putting a hand over her mouth. Rhyme laughed back. 
“Yeah, it’s weird I know. Here.” He pulled the staff from her sleeve and handed it to her.
“Wait, that thing burned me last time.” She glared at the staff. 
“She’s particular sometimes. If she burns you then just hand it back to me.” He offered the staff once more. Elora hesitated for a moment and then took it. She swung it around with a giggle. The staff didn’t glow. Rhyme raised an eyebrow as he watched the girl twist his weapon around haphazardly. 
“Why isn’t it glowing?”
“I don’t know. She’s picky.” 
“She?” Elora stared at the staff. “You think your staff is a girl? Maybe you are crazy, Rhyme.” She smiled at him as she stopped her swinging. “Can you make it work?” She handed him back the weapon.
“Maybe,” Rhyme said meekly and gripped Corroa. The weapon began to glow brightly, tiny flecks of light dancing around the end of it. 
“Wow!” Elora jumped back in surprise. Rhyme swung the staff leaning into the motions with all his strength. He’d been practicing with it each day and learning how to wield it with tips from Venna. 
“How did you learn that?” Elora looked at him in awe. Rhyme sheathed the weapon.
“Venna taught me a lot of it.”
“Who’s Venna?” 
The air around Elora and Rhyme was suddenly charged with green sparking energy. A woman with flashing green eyes emerged stepping out of the powerful display, her black dress swirling around her legs.
“Who is she?” Venna asked Rhyme as she moved toward him. Rhyme looked at the Deity with surprise. Rhyme held up his hands in defense.
“Her name is Elora, Venna. She’s a friend of mine.”
“A friend?” Venna’s piercing green eyes snapped to the beautiful girl that stood near Rhyme. “Why are you speaking my name?”
“What’s going on? Who are you talking to?” Elora asked in a shaky voice. She took a step back from Rhyme in fear.
“Everything is fine it’s just Venna.” Rhyme came over to the Deity. “Is everything alright? You seem upset.” He sheathed Corroa back into her sleeve.
“Have you been practicing with her?” Her eyes burned toward Elora’nyssa who looked as if she might bolt. 
“Just for a moment. What’s wrong?” Rhyme asked the Deity, who was fidgeting so much Rhyme could hardly see her body in the dim light. Venna pointed her finger at Elora, her mouth pressed in a firm line.
“Get her out of my sight!” 
“Venna, you can’t treat my friends like that,” Rhyme said and saw fear flicker in Elora’s eyes.
“You don’t understand, Rhyme…” Venna whimpered, and he saw her body flit from place to place. 
Elora took a step closer to Rhyme, and Corroa began to glow so brightly that Rhyme gasped in surprise. Venna screeched, covered her eyes, and in a breath of air disappeared. 
“What just happened?” Rhyme stared at his weapon. 
“I better go home.” Elora’s voice shook. 
“Wait! I’m sorry, she was just acting weird. I don’t know what’s wrong with her. She’s the one who taught me how to wield Corroa.” Rhyme rested the weapon against the ground and stared at the place the Deity had been. “I’d like to talk more,” he said quietly to her. Elora looked toward the village and then back at Rhyme and slowly nodded. 
Chapter 30
Elora’nyssa

Elora stood in the middle of the Dredge Forest her face dripping with sweat. She’d been running and didn’t remember from whom. The sun beat on her bare arms, her pale pink dress was ripped on one side. Her white-fuchsia hair was tangled in knots around her dirt streaked face. 
“Come back here!” a woman’s voice came hurtling toward her ferociously. Elora’nyssa winced and turned her head slightly to see a shadowed figure fluttering through the branches of the trees. Was that a Deity? Fear dug into her limbs as the voice got closer. “I’m going to kill you!”
Elora turned to run once more when the forest thickened. She drew ragged breaths into her lungs. Suddenly, a woman with glowing green eyes landed in front of her, her dark brown hair swirling around her, each strand alive. Her mouth opened and sharp teeth flashed at her.
“Keep away from Rhyme,” the Deity snarled and leapt at Elora. Elora screamed and ducked as the woman’s hands pulled at her hair. 
“Help!” Elora heard the woman laugh maliciously. The Deity ran her sharp nails down the side of Elora’s face. Elora screamed as she tried to push the mad Deity away from her. She watched as blood dripped down her chin and into the mossy forest floor. The girl lifted a ball of green energy up toward Elora’s face and was about to hurl it toward her.
“Venna! Stop!” 
Elora barely managed to lift her head as Rhyme seemed to manifest out of thin air. “Leave her alone,” he said. Rhyme’s entire body was glowing white. His eyes were completely gold and his white-red hair was floating around his shoulders. His staff was clutched in his hands, and he waved it threateningly at Venna. 
“You’d choose her over me?” Venna said, and her body dematerialized and rematerialized right in front of the boy.
“Please, Venna, I want to be your friend, but you have to stop,” Rhyme said, his voice breaking. He tipped the Deity’s chin up so that she was looking right at him. 
“What if I want more than that?”
Elora saw Rhyme’s eyes dart to her, and he motioned her to run.
“I can’t give you that, Venna,” he said. The Deity suddenly turned toward Elora’nyssa.
“Because of her?” Venna came running at Elora, her voice reaching a crescendo.

Elora’nyssa woke with a shiver, her bed soaked with sweat beneath her. She swept her stringy hair out of her eyes drawing in a deep breath. It had felt so real. Her fad’ra had told her when she was a child dreams could be El’yi trying to talk to you. Was this El’yi’s way of telling her to stay away from Rhyme? Or it could be her confirmation that Rhyme saw Deities. She closed her eyes for a second, letting her heart calm back down to a normal rhythm. According to her mad’ra they were leaving Glimma today. Part of her wanted to leave the dangers that this place just emanated from its core. The other part was wrapped up in the mystery of the boy who’d saved her. She wanted to know more about the Deities, more about the ways of the light. She slipped out of bed and stretched in the morning sunlight. Last night had been nice. She felt a little guilty at having disobeyed her mad’ra and fad’ra, but she wanted answers. Why did they treat her like a child? Why did her parents forbid her from learning the light, and her fad’ra from seeing the boy who’d rescued her? It didn’t make any sense. She came out into the kitchen and saw her mad’ra curled up in a chair staring off into the sky. She’d caught her mad’ra with that wistful gaze quite often. She seemed to be lost in memories that she never shared. Elora didn’t want to disturb her thoughts, so she went to the kitchen to make herself a cup of tea. She heard a soft sob, and the most quietest of whispers escaped her mad’ra’s lips. “Oh, El’yi…” Her shoulders shook. What had broken her mad’ra’s heart? She chose not to live with the man she loved. If she did indeed love her fad’ra. It was so confusing to Elora. 
“Mad’ra? Are you alright?” Her mad’ra’s shoulders stopped shaking, and she turned slowly to face her daughter.
“Elora’nyssa darling, I didn’t hear you. I’m fine, just thinking about some things.”
“Are you sorrowful to leave fad’ra today? Please leave Si and move to Glimma to be with him! I can practice to be a priestess, and you two will be united!”
“I cannot!” Nia’s voice slapped Elora in the face. Elora felt hurt, not understanding her mad’ra’s tone with her.
“Why not?” Elora’s jaw clenched in frustration. “Tell me why I cannot be a priestess and live with Fad’ra?” Elora’s eyes burned with tears. 
“You must trust me. You cannot learn the light, it’s too dangerous.” 
“Why? How is it dangerous when I was almost defiled by those men in the alley! Rhyme saved me! What if he hadn’t heard my cry?” Elora went around her mad’ra, walked over the threshold, slammed the door, and went into the streets of Glimma. She wanted to find Rhyme. If her mad’ra wouldn’t let her learn the ways of the light properly then she’d learn from a crazy boy.

Rhyme

Rhyme jingled the bag of coin that Nikin had given to him for his last load of wood. It was good pay. He didn’t remember ever having this much coin to his name. His thoughts drifted to Sadie. Was she being fed? Was she being cared for? Was she warm enough? His heart panged him, and he forced the feelings into a hard knot in his chest. He couldn’t care. He had to forget about his little sister. She was no longer his concern. He lifted his head up when a woman passed by. She had tiny flowers sewn into a mostly translucent gown that hung loosely around her bare shoulders. Her white-aqua hair was braided elaborately down her back. She saw him and smiled as he tucked the bag of coin back under his shirt. He wondered if she saw it. She approached him with an innocent looking smile.
“Good afternoon, sir.” She bowed low. Rhyme tilted his head away at the immodesty as he heard the tinkling of her laugh.
“I see…” she purred and stroked her hand along his chest. “Are you man enough for me?” she said, talking more to herself than Rhyme. He side stepped the woman. 
“Leave me be. I am not a whore lover.” 
“Oh?” The woman’s lip came out in a pout. “You look like your brother, Oni’on, and he certainly doesn’t have a problem with that. Then again, am I dealing with a pup or a man?” She laughed softly and rubbed her finger along Rhyme’s cheek. 
“Oni’on isn’t a man.” Rhyme removed the woman’s hand. “He left his own blood for Worge-dung like you.”
The woman looked stunned for a minute. 
“What? Am I not good enough for you?” She walked away with a sneer. He watched the whore wander through the crowd trying to croon another man into her skirts. Rhyme browsed a shop absentmindedly until he felt a finger tap his shoulder. He turned around to meet a giant fist in his face. It slammed into him, knocked him into the booth behind him, and scattered trinkets all over the ground.
“Hey!” The merchant shook his fist at the man who towered above Rhyme. Rhyme rolled on his side feeling Corroa heating up against his back. It was strange how she reacted to his emotions now.
“You mocking my girl?” asked the ugly brute. He picked Rhyme up by the front of his shirt and shook him like a ragdoll. “You made Finna cry! She works hard for her coin, and you have the gall to call her Worge-dung?” The man flung Rhyme backward, knocking him into several more trinkets. The merchant scrambled out of the way as the oversized Zare stomped his way toward Rhyme.
“Nobody makes my girl cry!” 
“Get him, Jeosh!” Finna said with a shake of her fist.  
Rhyme recognized the man as one of the thugs who’d attacked Elora. Rhyme quickly got to his feet and pulled Corroa out of her holder. The staff lay dead in his hands. 
“Come on!” he hissed to her swinging the staff wildly, hoping that would make the light glow. One name raced through his mind. Venna. She had to be the one causing Corroa not to work. It had to be. 
“I’m sorry, Venna.” Rhyme jumped over the fallen merchandise trying to escape the crowded tent. All the customers ran for the door avoiding the broken trinkets and angry man. 
“Pay her what she’s worth, and I may let you live,” Jeosh said. The girl walked forward with her hand held out. Rhyme looked from the bully to the seductive woman. He spat on her hand and took a step back. “I’m sorry, Venna, please make Corroa work,” he whispered hoping the Deity would forgive him for whatever his trespass had been. Corroa began to hum and glow so strongly that it burned his eyes.
“How is he doing that?” Finna asked with a shriek. She put a hand to her heart, in fear, her eyes growing wide. “It’s nothing. It’s just a stick, right?” Finna asked.
“Back off.” Rhyme held Corroa firmly a determined scowl riding across his face. Finna looked at Jeosh who looked at her in return.
“I’ve seen what he can do with that. I’m getting out of here.”
The whore started backing up toward the door tripping over the hem of her dress. 
“I thought there were no warriors left on Jade…” the girl said in a strange tone, turned around, and ran out the door with the man on her heels. Rhyme felt relief shiver through his taut muscles and stared at Corroa for a heartbeat. 
Oni’on

Oni’on felt sick. No matter how many times he told himself it was over, or he was done; he went back like a doghin smelling his own feces. Why did he insist on spending everything he had on whores? It never distracted him long enough. In the moment it was sheer bliss, but then all the thoughts of his family, his failures, and Arrissa returned. He lay in bed listening to the sound of the girl he’d purchased dress herself. 
“I can’t believe I let you talk me into this again, Sulstic. Last night you smelt like cheap wine from an old boot. At least take a bath once and awhile.” She glared at him.
Oni’on lifted his head up, his inked pictures rippling on his bare neck, chest, and shoulder. He was in need of a wash he supposed. Self-loathing brewed beneath the surface. How dare she tell him he was disgusting? He’d paid for her service. He flung the covers off his bare body and started to rise to his feet. He’d paid for the whole night and the next morning. 
“You still owe me,” he said through the heat of his anger.
“I’m not touching you, Worge-dung. My boss can give you some of your coin back.”
Oni’on curled his hands into fists at the insults. A hot feeling suddenly swept through him. It started from his toes and twisted all the way through his blood stream. Something shimmered in front of his vision.
“Oni’on…” said a woman’s voice reverberating around the room until it hit him in the chest. Fear prickled through his mind. The woman shimmered in and out of his eyesight, her hair blowing in a breeze that didn’t exist. He gasped softly. The whore turned to him, her eyes narrowing.
“Why are you sniveling?” she spat at him. Her body was draped with a silken garment once more. She looked at his bare attire and curled her lip back. “That doesn’t tempt me anymore. I’m telling my boss this is the last time I sleep with you, Sulstic. You can have Fion next time.” She referred to the useless old hag that offered herself for free to any man. 
“I’m warning every girl who works here to stay away from you. Unless they want to smell like vomit and feces.”
He waved his hand at the image of the woman floating before him. She dispersed for a moment, and he growled in annoyance.
Oni’on stepped forward and grabbed the whore by the neck.
“I will have whomever I want,” he said to her as she struggled beneath his fingers. It felt good. He felt alive.
“Oni’on…” Again the voice drifted through the room sounding harsher this time. The whore began to turn a purplish color, her legs kicking futilely. 
“No!” The floating girl let out a piercing scream, so that Oni’on dropped the girl onto the floor. Pain exploded in his head. 
“Ah!” he cried and dug his fingers into his hair. The whore stared at him in shock as his ink marks began to glow. 
“El’yi…” the girl whimpered as she pressed herself up against the wall fearfully. “What is wrong with you! Get away from me!” The door opened with a slam. A bodyguard slipped into the room and took in the situation. Oni’on was still grabbing at his head. The man took the whore out of the room and threw Oni’on’s clothes at him.
“Get out, Sulstic!” 
***
The market of Glimma was just starting to wake up as Oni’on stumbled down the street, in his hand a bottle of wine. Merchants watched him carefully, their disapproving glares feeling like needles along his spine. He made a crude gesture at one until the man turned away in disgust. He slugged the wine mercilessly, his thoughts scrambling together. What had happened? Why did that strange woman keep appearing to him? What was she? He had received a stern warning from the owner of the brothel after the bodyguard had dragged him from the room. If he tried to hurt one of the girls again he’d be permanently unwelcome. The thought of never being able to feel love terrified him. Oni’on chided himself for his stupidity. Why did he try to hurt that girl? The face of his fad’ra rose into his thoughts. I’m turning into that Worge, he thought. He stumbled into a dirty alley, the bottle clinking. His back hit the grungy wall, slid down it, and he pressed the bottle to his lips. He trembled as a wind blew over his bare chest. No girl in that brothel would want him now. He turned his head and rested his cheek up against the cold wall, his mouth agape as weariness began to creep over him. He nodded off for a little while. Suddenly, he could feel someone’s relentless stare on him. An uneasy feeling churned in his gut.
“Leave me be,” he mumbled around the top of the bottle. “I don’t want another woman tonight, whore.” When the person didn’t respond, his stomach began to grow queasy.
“Oni’on, you forgot about me. Oni’on…” The girl’s singsong voice traveled through his mind and through his blood like a disease. 
“Go away! I don’t know who you are, but leave me alone!” He slugged more of the wine making it drip down his chin.
“No…you must listen, Oni’on. Please…for the sake of your people.” 
Oni’on managed to pry his eyes open to be staring at the same girl he’d seen several times now. 
“Who are you? What do you want with me?” He tipped the bottle back again hoping the girl would take the hint and leave.
“Grandson of Pod, you must heed my voice. Please…” The vision of the girl faded in and out until her face twisted with pain, and she dispersed into a vapor.
“I’ve had too much of this.” Oni’on threw the bottle. It crashed against the wall and scattered tiny glittering pieces of glass. He slumped over in the alley.
Chapter 31
Elora’nyssa

Elora’nyssa wandered through the streets of Glimma hoping to see a glance of Rhyme before her mad’ra dragged her away. 
“Excuse me? Do you know where Rhyme works?” she asked a merchant who was rolling back his tent flaps.
“That boy? He works down a few more tents.” The man gave her a smile and continued setting up for the day. A doghin ran down the center of the street brushing by Elora’s legs. She walked by the alley and stopped when she heard something shatter. She chewed on her bottom lip as she peeked her head around the corner hoping that none of the men who’d attacked her before were lurking. Someone was talking or singing? She walked toward the sound. What if it was a trap? She looked toward where the sound was coming from and saw a man slumped over. Was he hurt? Concern dotted her forehead. Without too much thought, she raced down the alley. When she came to the man, she spotted a broken bottle of wine. The man was inked and smelt so strongly of wine it made her gag. What should she do? Leave him? 
“Who is that?” Elora turned at the sound of a woman’s voice. “Is that Oni’on? What a horrid mess.” The girl put a hand over her nose and mouth a disgusted look on her face. Two other girls gathered around the first one.
“Don’t you work with him, Arrissa?”
“Don’t you like that whore chaser?” One girl laughed pointing at Oni’on.
“I do not!” the one called Arrissa said. “He’s just so pathetic. Should we help him, girls?” 
The other girls looked at her as if she’d asked them to cut off their arm.
“You’re crazy,” one said and turned around and went back into the street. “I can smell him from here, and he smells like Worge dung.” 
The other shook her head and looked at Arrissa then followed the other girl.
“Are you going to help him?” Arrissa asked Elora. Elora looked at the man. Her mad’ra would be furious with her if she knew where she was right now. She nudged his boot with the tip of her toe.
“I don’t know if I can. He smells so strongly.” Elora waved a hand in front of her face. 
Oni’on

Oni’on came to at the sound of girl voices, his head pounding. He looked up to be staring at Arrissa. He looked down at himself and realized he’d never put on a shirt after the brothel had kicked him out. His own stench made him want to gag. Wait, Arrissa? Shame burned his cheeks. He didn’t want her to see him like this. He shook his head to try and clear the pounding that resounded through it. 
“I’m fine,” he said, roughly clearing his throat. Another girl was there too, young, pretty, and looking at him with compassion. Not disgust. 
“Do I know you?” he slurred the words.  
“No,” she said gently.
“Elora’nyssa Rendra!” A woman stood at the end of the alley a sack clutched in her hand. “What are you doing down there! Get over here!” 
Oni’on chuckled despite his headache. The girl glared at him and took off toward her mad’ra. Arrissa stared at him for a moment.
“Get up, Sulstic.” She frowned at him and turned and walked away. “You’re disgusting.” He heard her mutter as she walked back out into the streets of Glimma.
Elora’nyssa

“I swear you have no sense in your head, girl!” Nia exploded at her daughter.
“Mad’ra, he needed help,” Elora said calmly trying not to grow angry with the way her mad’ra had embarrassed her.
“We are leaving right now. Say your goodbyes to your fad’ra.”
“I don’t want to leave Glimma.” Elora stopped in mid-step and crossed her arms over her chest. Nia turned to her daughter and stared deep into her eyes.
“Elora, this is not the time. You are coming home with me, now.” 
Elora felt the finality of those words as she followed her mad’ra back to her fad’ra’s house. 

Stelane
Neuge City
Icer Domain

“No! I won’t meet him!” Stelane stomped her foot as her father stood before her with a stern look on his face.
“You will, and you’ll treat him with respect.”
“He’s like a hundred years old, Father! I’m thirteen!” She pointed at the door. “I’m not going in there.” She crossed her arms. A heartbeat passed before something cold and sharp hit her face. Stelane’s lungs emptied of air instantly, and she clawed desperately at the frigid liquid that was quickly freezing her air passageways. Her body convulsed as the ice began to spread like a winding hieth, squeezing the life out of her. Stelane’s mind exploded with fear as the icy feeling swept her entire body until she thought, I’m going to die… 
Just before her body hit the floor, the ice exploded off her into tiny fragments all over the room. She drew in a deep, ragged, desperate breath, and lay on the floor her body twitching involuntary. Her father’s footsteps came closer, and he leaned down to her ear.
“Don’t you ever tell me no again. You will meet him, and if I say so, you’ll marry him.” He stepped away from her and waited for her to stand to her feet. Tears and cold icy water dripped down Stelane’s face. She stared at the ruthless man she had to call father. She would meet the old man.

Stelane buried her face in Glimmer’s feathers as sobs raked her body. The gracor bird sang a soothing tune until her crying ceased.
“Thanks, Glimmer.” She wiped the tears from her cheeks. “I miss you, Nahor,” she said through a hoarse whisper. How much longer until her brother came home? She knew she had to get ready to meet the old Icer her father was forcing her to talk with. She pet Glimmer’s beautiful feathers and nuzzled his face against her own. A knock came to her door. She opened it to see a slave girl with a gown and a brush in her hands. 
“I was instructed to get you ready,” she said in a dead tone. Stelane motioned for her to come in. Her mind wandered to the incident with her father. How could he force her into this? The slave disappeared for a short time into the bathing room.
“I’ve prepared a bath for you.”
“Alright, thank you. You may come back later.” Stelane began to silently undress. The girl left the room as Stelane headed toward the bath. She was still shaken up as she slipped into the water.

Stelane walked into the library her brown hair styled in ringlets. The room danced with several glowing orbs, soothing music played by hired musicians, and two chairs rested in the center of the room. The slaves had set out a tray of delicacies, two glasses, and a bottle of wine. Her face was a mask of calm, despite the inner turmoil that was going on inside her. Her pale blue dress, that her father had instructed her to wear, was tightly fitted around her curves, the neckline much lower than she was accustomed to. It made her uncomfortable as she approached a man who was standing near the chairs. She could feel his eyes lingering on her. Even at thirteen she appeared much older, or so her father had told her. A lot of girl Icers married at her age he’d also said just before she’d gone into the library. The familiar surrounding seemed foreign as the older man smiled at her. He was forty-three her father had informed her, he was wealthy, had plenty of Zare servants, and was very influential in their land. 
“Good evening, Princess Stelane. I’m Geoff. Please, come in, and have a seat.” They both sat. Geoff took a glass in his hand and sipped. She saw his hand shake slightly. 
“It’s nice to meet you,” Stelane said. She heard the sound of the library door open a crack and knew her father would be listening in on them. Cold silence eased over Stelane as she fiddled with a fold in her dress.
“What would you like to know about me?” Geoff asked nervously. His square face wasn’t exactly unpleasant Stelane noticed. 
“What do you do?” she asked quietly, feeling anxiety bubble inside her stomach. 
“I rear mammoi and sell them to Zares and Icers.” 
“Oh,” Stelane said and picked up her own glass and sipped it delicately. What did she say to this man? Awkward silence soon followed.
“You look really beautiful tonight.” He smiled and Stelane realized he looked a lot younger than his forty-three years when he smiled. 
“Thank you.” 
“I have plenty of land if you like to ride. Maybe you could come over and I’ll show you my animals.” He took another drink, and his eyes danced with excitement.
“That would be nice,” she said loud enough for her father to hear her. She felt terrified to say anything else. 
“How about tomorrow afternoon?”
“That should be fine.” She fidgeted in her seat. His graying hair was swept to the side of his tall forehead, and his brown eyes watched her.
“What would you like to know about me?” she asked quietly.
“Anything you’d like to tell.”
“I’m only thirteen, or did my father forget to mention that fact?” She averted her eyes. Geoff looked embarrassed.
“I am aware, Princess.”
She could tell he was uncomfortable about this conversation.
“How come you haven’t married?” she asked him. He shifted in his seat and bit into a slice of bread.
“I haven’t found a compatible wife. There have been women that have wanted to marry me, but I know they are after only one thing.” He leaned forward as he said, “My coin.” He crossed his arms over his chest. 
“Isn’t my father offering me to you because of coin?” she asked the question quietly hoping that her father didn’t hear.
“The thing is, Princess, I came to your father with the offer. You’re young, strong, beautiful, and you’ll bear me many strong sons,” he said. Stelane pressed her lips together in fright.
“I don’t love you, isn’t that just as bad?” Stelane’s voice shook. How could she marry a man she didn’t desire? She shuddered at the image of a passionate night with this old man.
“This would be an arranged marriage, Princess. Love would come later.” Geoff looked at her with a complex expression. She couldn’t read much into it. Icen pixies suddenly tapped against the window their sharp fingers clawing at the glass. Stelane looked at them feeling distracted. Fear twisted in her gut. Was this her fate? If she didn’t marry this man what would her father do? Surely, Nahor would save her from this. 
“What if I cannot give you what you desire? What if I don’t bear you sons?”
“You will, Stelane. Or we will keep trying until we do.” He smiled at her sweetly and reached for her hand. Stelane stiffened beneath his touch and turned her head away from him. 
“Please, excuse me.” Her face contorted with emotions as she stood to her feet.
“Stelane, wait.” Geoff came up behind her and rubbed her arm.
“I know you’re young, but I could make you happy. Extremely happy. I could give you anything you wanted. Please, give it a chance.” He turned her around slowly. Stelane saw only kindness in his eyes and felt a part of her melt. 
“I’ll try.” 
***
Stelane waited on the border of their land, her face blank, and her heart heavy with thought. Geoff hadn’t been what she’d been expecting. She was unsure why her father was forcing her into a relationship she had no desire for, when Nahor was still unwed. Her mother and father had married out of love. Why couldn’t she? She wanted to see Glide just for a moment. He had been meeting her every day with his basket and smile. 
She waited, holding back her tears until she saw his white head bobbing through the woods. His feet were swift as he raced around trees. He looked as if he was about to crash through the border. He suddenly stopped, causing brush to blow onto the snow.
“Hi, beautiful!” he said with a laugh. His large doghin sniffed something behind him. Glide’s smile slowly slipped off his face as he noticed her stiff body. “You alright, Stelane?” He let go of the basket he’d been holding. Tears began to pour down Stelane’s cheeks, her shoulders shaking.
“No,” she whispered holding her face in her hands. She could still feel the panic of the moment when her father had nearly suffocated her. “My father iced me.” The next thing she knew arms were around her, and a warm face was pressed against her own. 
“I’m sorry.”
She could feel heat reverberating from Glide’s body. She lifted her face up, and his mouth found hers in a comforting kiss. Stelane lost herself in his kisses, her arms wrapped around his warm neck. He pulled her to him. After a few moments, she heard a coughing sound and stepped back. Glide shivered uncontrollably. His skin was turning a purple shade and his lips a deep blue color.
“Oh El’yi!” She pulled him over to the border and rolled him into the warmth. Her hands sizzled as they went through the border. He lay shivering under the heat of the sun. After what felt like an eternity, he rose to his feet and smiled at her.
“A little cold in your neck of the woods.” He was still shivering as he wrapped his arms around Iri. The big doghin licked his face and color began to ebb back into his cheeks. 
“It was worth it,” he said through chattering teeth. “You felt nice.” He reached his hand into his basket and pulled out a waterbag. He downed it quickly and color flooded his skin.
“Good as new!” He rubbed Iri’s ears as the doghin licked his face. “I’m fine, Iri.” He turned his attention back to Stelane. “What happened?” His eyes grew serious. Stelane didn’t want to tell him that his warmth had hurt her as well. His heat was like fire on her skin. Her body was still burning as she sat down on the ground and gently rubbed snow on her burned skin.
“I have something to confess,” she said as she stood back up.
“What is it?”
“My name is Princess Stelane. The king is my father.” She watched Glide’s expression alter slightly.
“You’re the princess?” he asked quietly, and Iri turned his head to stare at her too.
“Yes, I’m sorry I didn’t tell you right away. I thought you’d never talk to me again.”
“I wouldn’t do that, Stelane.” She heard the sincerity of his words and sighed with relief.
“Tell me what happened today.” 
“My father is arranging my marriage with an older man who owns a bunch of land. I’m thirteen! I’m not ready to get married or…” She shuddered. “I resisted my father, and he iced me.” 
Glide put his hand up to the border, and she raised her hand as well. She felt strangely comforted by it. She smiled at him. 
“We should find someone who can help you cross over here,” he said, his words laced with excitement. 
“What do you mean? You mean live on Zare land? I’d die!” 
Glide stood to his feet. “If I can find a Wolfinic they could alter you.” He pulled out a fruit from the basket and handed it to her. She winced as his warm skin brushed hers.
“Wolfinics don’t exist, Glide. They died out ages ago.” She chewed on the fruit already starting to feel better. 
“My fad’ra saw one around a year ago. He’s told me stories about them. If anyone could help you cross over, one of them could.” They continued talking until Stelane realized the sky was darkening, and her father would be concerned. 
“I need to go, will you meet me tomorrow?” she asked hopefully, wiping fruit juice from the corners of her mouth. Glide climbed atop his doghin holding the basket in his hand.
“Of course I will. I’ll think of something.” With a click of his tongue he raced off, the sound of the doghin’s feet hitting the soil with soft thumps. 
Stelane turned and started heading back to the castle her hands shaking. If her father ever found out about this, he’d surely kill Glide and possibly punish her for the rest of her known life.
Chapter 32
Otsana
Wolfinic Village
Dredge Forest

Otsana lay curled up against Mur, her thoughts whirling through the events of the day. The vision-stone was lodged in her mind and refused to leave. Shouldn’t they still be worried? She’d been told the legends of the ancient days, when her race had been judges amongst the people on Jade. The deannicle stones had helped them alter wars, stop bloodshed, and restore peace. El’yi’s gift to them had never been a threat until corruption began to infiltrate her race. Once false seers were discovered, and they bit a deannicle stone, thus creating a vision-stone, many lives were lost without cause. She shut her eyes forcing her mind to be silent about the issue. If the elders said there was nothing to worry about then she wouldn’t worry. 
***
A whimpering softly caressed the night air as Otsana backed away from her mama, her tail tucked between her legs. Fear thumped through her skull like a foreign beat.
“How could you not testify with me? Now they see me as a false seer! They are going to banish me from the village!” said her mama.
Otsana continued backing up, bowing her body low. 
“I didn’t see that vision, Mama!”
“I don’t care if you saw it or not, you could have saved me from humiliation by just agreeing you saw it too!” 
Otsana yelped in fear. “Please, Mama, please…I cannot, it’s forbidden.”
“I am not a false seer!” Her mama paced before her, her muzzle dripping with sweat and drool.
“Do you understand what that means, Otsana? I have to leave you! Tell the elders you made a mistake and that you saw this too.” 
Otsana whimpered. “Why did you create it, Mama? Why?”
“You have to tell them you created it, Otsana, or they will banish me forever.” 
Ostana’s vision blurred; pieces of the future began to invade her thoughts, Wolfinics attacking, blood spilling, crying pups being slaughtered under the cruelty of war. It sharpened, and she saw herself holding a pup sobbing into her fur. 
Suddenly, all went black as the voice silenced in her mind. Cold fear wrapped around her as she looked around for her mama. Her visions suddenly exploded, and she saw a shadowy shape, that would approach behind her. She turned just in time as her mama lunged at her. She used her nose to throw her mama up and over her head. Growls filled the atmosphere as the black Wolfinic, that had gray running through her fur, stared her down.
“Why didn’t you just lie for me? Now I’ve lost everything!” She shook her muzzle, her incisors flashing in a snarl. She lunged at her daughter snapping and biting, her large paws batting at her face. Otsana dodged and darted, her visions predicting her mama’s every move. When her mama grew weary, she simply stared at Otsana.
“You watch, Otsana, one day this vision-stone will come to pass.” Her mama threw the vision-stone at her feet and darted away into the heart of the forest. If her mama was a false seer, her vision-stone wouldn’t come to pass right? Tears trickled down Otsana’s eyes as she lifted the stone into her mouth and tried to destroy it with angry chomps of her teeth. It didn’t crack. What had her mama done? Why had she created this abomination? 

Otsana trembled as the memory of how the vision-stone, which was now tucked away in Elder Pois’s home, had been created. How had she forgotten about that day? She must have buried the pain of her mama’s betrayal so deep that the memory had temporarily disappeared in her mind. She’d forgotten about that purging, the one when her mama had been proclaimed a false seer. Otsana snapped out of the memory as the elders and her people gathered around a dancing fire. How had she forgotten about that? 
“We begin our purge tonight. Prepare yourselves.” The fire flickered on the faces of the Wolfinics as Elder Plue howled, his nose rising in the air. One by one the Wolfinics joined in his chorus. Otsana glanced at Mur, who was holding Shema against his chest. Shema looked between her mother and father and trembled. The sound of the howl always frightened the pups. In due time they’d join them, but for now she was content to see that the sound frightened Shema.
***
“Can I go with you, Mama?” Shema asked timidly as Otsana readied herself for the purge. It was always something that physically exhausted her by the night’s end. Mur was preparing himself as well. Shema would be staying with an elder, who was too old for the purge. Otsana wished she could explain why she couldn’t let her pup come with her tonight, but the words fell away on her tongue. The purge was not something she prided their race in. In fact, she loathed it every time. It only happened twice a year, but twice seemed too much. She rolled onto her back, scratched an itchy spot, and then rolled back to her feet. 
“Shema, Mama needs you to stay with Elder Omba tonight. We shall be back by morn. You be a good girl, and Mama will bring you back something special.” She nudged Shema’s nose and licked her cheek.
“Alright, Mama.”

Familiar sounds reverberated around Otsana as she padded along softly behind the lineup of Wolfinics. Her mind was filled with visions of the ritual, though it was slightly foggy. They finally reached the glade, where they gathered every purge, and silently sat down. She desperately wanted to nudge Mur but knew it would be frowned upon. Affection ceased to exist this night.
“In the ancient days,” began Elder Pois, her eyes alert on the silent Wolfinics. “There was a time when Wolfinics, Deities, and Vullens were not simply myths.” 
Otsana listened carefully though she knew the legend by heart. 
“The Wolfinics were keepers of justice, righting the wrong on Jade, keeping the simpler races safe, and dwelling at peace.” The leaves of the trees rustled as every eye focused on the elder as she spoke. “The eldest of the Wolfinics at the time, Rowden, gathered his village as he did each day and gathered the visions that his people brought to his attention. The visions were wars, deaths, and disputes that would shortly break out that his people could put an end to.” 
Otsana closed her eyes. She didn’t agree with the purge, but she knew if this legend held any merit, it was necessary for their peace.
“Corruption brewed in the Dredge Forest that Rowden didn’t know about. His one and only daughter, Isillia, was walking amongst the trees one late morning when a fearful sound made her tremble. A woman stood in the path before her a flame dancing on her outstretched hands. A Deity that many believe had been corrupted over thousands of years. She touched Isillia. Unaware, Isillia came back to her village. The next morning when the elder came to collect the visions, his daughter Isillia stepped forward with hers. Unbeknownst, the elder trusted his daughter’s vision and corrected the wrong she saw. To the devastation of our race, Isillia had seen falsely and many died as a result.” Silence filled the forest as Otsana drew in a deep breath. There was more to the legend of Isillia that the elders didn’t speak of. They used to tell the entire tale until it brought too much fear. The high Deity, El’yi, had forgiven their ignorance, but now her people chose to stay hidden from the other races on Jade.
“You know what to do,” Elder Pois said, her eyes sharp on their faces. The world exploded with images in Otsana’s mind. They were so quick that she almost missed some of them. She searched deeper into time, her body shaking under the pressure of all of them connecting at the same time. She heard several females groan, like they were in labor, and felt a tinge of sharp pain as well. She knew how to handle the visions better than most and began to sort them in her thoughts. She heard Mur whimper beside her and almost lost everything. She could see him shaking and knew he had a harder time sorting the pictures and holding them in his thoughts. Suddenly, like a deathblow all went black. The stillness was almost eerie as Wolfinics whimpered. Some collapsed to the ground in exhaustion. Mur hung his head low, breathing heavily. She felt the weight of every vision but continued to hold herself upright. Elder Pois came forward, her white body gleaming in the moons’ light like ice. 
“Reveal the visions.”
Otsana sorted the images until she found two that disturbed her. They were short and murky, but they were enough to chill her blood. Just because she saw the visions didn’t mean they’d come to pass. She prayed they would not come to pass. Mur still shook beside her, but she took no notice, her mind focused. 
“I’d like to speak, Elder. I have two visions to bring forth.” She quickly told the group of the dual visions that disturbed her. Elder Pois closed her eyes lost in her own thoughts. One of the others had to testify that the visions were sound before they’d pass over Otsana. Every Wolfinic concentrated as they searched for the images she’d shared. Otsana’s heart pounded nervously. If no one testified with her she would be considered a false seer. A distant cry of a Worge momentary broke their attention. 

A female, named Rosil, stepped forward and bowed to the elders.
“I testify of the visions, I have seen them as well.” 
“It is sound. Who is next?” Elder Pois asked.
Chapter 33
Stelane
Neuge City
Icer Domain

A light gray castle with tall turrets greeted Stelane as she stepped out of her carriage and onto Geoff’s grounds. She could hear the clicks and clacks of mammois as they galloped in the overly large pen that Geoff had designed for them. A smile tilted her mouth at the sight. No matter what she felt for this situation, the animals Geoff raised were beautiful. She ran with a laugh toward them, her dress fluttering behind her. She heard the distant call of the servants for her to wait, but she didn’t heed them one bit. She approached the fence and several mammois approached her expecting a treat. She reached in her dress pocket and pulled out several pieces of chopped fruit. She giggled as a light gray mammoi with a tan nose nibbled the treat from her outstretched hand. She rubbed the beast’s head affectionately. 
“Ah, so you are spoiling them already,” said Geoff from behind her. Stelane turned with an embarrassed smile.
“I’m sorry. I just couldn’t help myself.” The mammoi clicked impatiently for another treat. 
“No, no, go right ahead. That one you just fed is Roug, and the little one to his right is Klira. Would you like to see the stables?” he asked her and nodded toward an overly large building that rested to the left of his castle.
“I would love that,” Stelane said and kissed Roug’s nose before following Geoff. 
“How was your ride over?” Geoff put his hands in his front pockets as he causally walked. 
“It was quite beautiful, you have so much land.” She smiled at him as they approached the stables.
“It would all be yours, Stelane.” He blushed as she stepped through the doors of the barn. The moment they entered, the mammois stuck their heads out of their stalls in greeting. 
“Why hello!” Geoff said with a laugh as he touched a few of the creatures’ noses. “They smell the treats in your pocket.”
Stelane walked with light steps over to the first mammoi and glanced at the name that was written on the front of the stall.
“Hi, Sprite, aren’t you beautiful.” She rubbed the bright red mane of the animal as it nuzzled her cheek. She reached in her pocket and gave her a piece of fruit.
“Pick one,” Geoff said with a wave of his hand. “Pick anyone you want, and she’s yours.”
Stelane turned to him in shock. “No, it’s fine really. I can’t just take one.”
“I insist. I want to give you one. Ride them all if you’d like and pick your favorite.” Geoff led her over to the next stall. Stelane stood before a majestic looking mammoi with a golden colored mane and pale silver fur.
“Wow, she’s beautiful. What’s her name?” The door had no inscription on it. Geoff moved closer to her and rubbed the mammoi’s nose.
“I haven’t named her yet, just got her today. Pick a name, and she’s yours, Stelane.” 
Stelane stared at the beautiful creature her heart pounding. She already had a mammoi that she rode, but not one like this.
“Valia I want to call her Valia.” She reached in her pocket and gave the animal a treat. Valia clicked at her and nibbled it off her palm. Stelane grabbed the mammoi’s neck and pulled her to her face. Embracing the creature calmed her nerves. 
“Valia it is then. I’ll send her home with you today. Are you ready to ride?” he asked her. Stelane nodded, pulling back from her new mammoi.
***
Stelane’s feet hit the snow with soft thumps as she clutched a basket in her hand. She was late! She hoped that Glide had waited for her. Her afternoon with Geoff had been surprisingly amazing. She’d ridden Valia for the first time and never in her life had she ridden a mammoi so graceful. Her father had been excited to see that she had received a gift from Geoff and had made sure the slaves prepared a new stall for the animal. Even though she strongly disagreed with marrying Geoff, her heart was warming up. She reached the border of the land her heart pounding. She set her basket down and held her sides to calm her breathing down. She spotted something in the trees.
“Glide!” She picked up the basket and waved it. He jogged over to the line, his doghin walking behind him with a dopey grin. “Hi Iri!” She smiled as the big doghin bounded through the trees knocking everything over in his path. Iri sat down on the grass and stared at her with a smile. 
“I brought you something!” Glide slid something across the border. Ice crystals instantly gathered on it. Stelane leaned down and picked up the object. It was a necklace with a tiny charm. 
“It’s a Wolfinic,” he said, as she turned it over in her palm.
“I love it,” she said breathlessly taking in the tiny detail of the creature. 
“I made it out of glossmer.”
“How did you make it?” Stelane caressed the tiny figurine.
“I’ll show you.” He lifted a piece of wood from the ground and let her take a look at it. “It’s easy.” From the tips of his fingers a thin light emerged and began to race around the hunk of wood in a flurry of arcs and spins. After a few seconds, the light ceased from Glide’s fingertips. He grasped something in his hand. “See.” He released his grip and setting on his palm was the most delicate flower she’d ever seen. 
“Wow…” she whispered in surprise. “It’s beautiful.” 
He tossed it to her. “You can have it, Stelane.” He leaned close to the border watching her face. She pulled the small flower to her chest and grinned happily. 
“You know the ways of the light? I thought that art was lost to the Zares. Isn’t there only a couple warriors left?” She’d heard her father talk about the subject many times.
“My family has continued the tradition. I’m not even that good. You should see my fad’ra,” Glide said. He fidgeted, suddenly nervous about what he said. “You’re not going to tell your fad’ra are you?” Glide held her gaze.
“I promise I won’t tell. I think it’s amazing!” She tied the necklace around her throat and looked down at it as it rested between her breasts. She’d have to hide it from her father, but for now she wanted to look at it.
“I’ve been asking my fad’ra about a Wolfinic for you. He doesn’t know if they will let us find them. He did tell me in the ancient days that the Wolfinics helped our race.” Glide leaned back in the soft moss that surrounded him. 
“How can they help me?” 
“My fad’ra told me tales of how a Wolfinic’s bite can alter a person so that they appear as someone else. I don’t know if it will work, but maybe it will get you out of that marriage you don’t want.” He laughed and sat back up. “Does he smell like old people?” His eyes danced with amusement. Stelane laughed with him.
“No, in fact he gave me a mammoi today.”
“Bribing you for love.” Glide shook his head back and forth. “Did I tell you that you look beautiful today?” 
“Thanks,” Stelane said and found herself blushing. “Now who’s the one bribing?” She grinned at him and played with a strand of her hair. 
“Well, I can’t compete with a mammoi now can I? I gotta give you something.”
“What are you saying, Glide?” Stelane felt her heart racing as they both inched closer to the border. Glide’s carefree personality was rubbing off on her. He put his finger right on the edge of their worlds. 
“I like you. Is that alright? I want you with me on this side of the forest. I’m going to find you a Wolfinic. Plus, I want to kiss you again without almost dying.” 
“That’s probably a good idea.” Stelane laughed and tucked a strand of hair behind her ear. “How are you going to find a Wolfinic?”
“Run around the Dredge Forest until I run into one. Or almost get eaten by one. Hopefully the former not the later. Can I ask you one thing?” He dug his fingers into the moss. 
“Yeah, of course.”
“If I get eaten, will you make sure Iri finds a woman. Cause a lonely doghin is really pathetic. You should see how mopy he gets when you’re not around.” Glide suddenly stood to his feet and wrestled the big doghin to the ground. “Right?” He growled playfully at his pet who drooled all over his face. Stelane giggled.
“Sure, I can do that. I better go. My father will be looking for me. Bye, Glide and thanks!”
“Bye, Stelane!” 
She darted away, the flower and Wolfinic clutched in her hand.
Chapter 34
Oni’on
Glimma Village
Zare Territory

A light danced across the room glittering like diamonds. It twirled and swirled through the dimly lit room, where Oni’on lay nursing the world’s biggest hangover. He peeked an eye open, saw the light, and groaned like an animal awakened from hibernation. If one more wind sprite got inside, he was going to break something. He swatted at the rainbow light with halfhearted attempts until he hit whatever it was. He heard it slam into the wall opposite his bed. The semi-translucent creature hissed at him and began to claw at the wall trying to find a way of escape. He grit his teeth and groggily rose to his feet, his head swimming. 
He opened the window and heard the thing whoosh outside, catching the wind. It was his own fault, allowing his sorrow to swallow him like he did the night before. In his stupor he’d left the window open. He rose and slammed the window shut, running a weary hand down his unshaven face. He was lucky he smelt so bad. The wind sprites probably didn’t want to come too close to him to put him into a long sleep. His humiliation with Arrissa yesterday had made him feel utterly rejected like a pair of old shoes. He’d drunk enough wine until the pain of it had dissipated some, but still those stupid wind sprites had been around him. Things had gotten bad last night. He’d started thinking about his mad’ra, his siblings, and his abusive fad’ra. It all hovered over his subconscious like an angry storm. He still saw Juda time to time, and he tried to ignore the cold hatred that rolled over him. He feared for Sadie.
Just then, a pounding on the door doubled the pain in his head.
“Oni’on! Wake up, you Worge-eater! What’s gotten into you?” Jackon’s voice rang with slight concern. Oni’on must have missed work. He came over to the door, slid the lock, and pulled it open. Jackon was holding a case of wine his face stretched into a wide grin.
“I know what will perk you up.” He clambered in and set the case on the table.
“I am not drinking that.” Oni’on dry heaved for a moment then shook his head. 
“It’s not for right now. For later. I got some good news for you,” Jackon said with a twinkle in his eye, his hands twitching in excitement. 
“Out with it,” Oni’on mumbled holding his head in his hands.
“Arrissa is going to desire you tonight!” He made a rude gesture, and Oni’on’s head snapped up out of his hands.
“Arrissa hates me, Worge-dung.” 
“Oh, I know that. Look at this.” Jackon pulled a jar from his satchel and set it down before Oni’on’s eyes. His smile spread so that it almost looked malicious. 
“Herbs? You brought me a jar of herbs?” Oni’on’s voice rang with dry humor. He picked up the jar and turned it over. On the other side there was a label that was inscribed in some foreign language. 
Jackon grabbed the jar from him and opened the lid. 
“Not just herbs, they’re going to make Arrissa fall in love with you.”
“Why would you help me get Arrissa? I thought you were in love with her,” Oni’on said suspiciously. Jackon’s wicked grin slid back into place.
“The herbs only work if the girl has some attraction toward you. I figured if you get the girl then we could share her.” He dumped the herbs in Oni’on’s hand and stepped back. “You mix it in her drink and your mere kiss seals it.” Jackon crossed his arms looking proud of himself. Oni’on stared down at the multi-colored herbs looking apprehensively at Jackon.
“Somebody duped you. This is ridiculous; you can’t make anyone fall in love with you.” 
“What if I told you that these herbs are as rare as a deannicle stone?” He waited for Oni’on to respond. His smile was still stuck in place. Oni’on fingered the herbs in his hand. What if it did work? Could he really have Arrissa like that? How was he going to get her to kiss him though? He slowly nodded his head. 
“I’ll try it.”

Zeedies Bar ranked of sin. It was filled to the top with singing drunken Zares and laughing women who coaxed the men to drink more. A drunken musician was trying to keep a solid tune but failing at it. The crowd danced recklessly to the terrible music. It was one big loud obnoxious headache. Slam! A frothing glass mug dripping with condensation landed in front of Oni’on. He stared up with a half calked expression. His golden-blue eyes barely opened to see the woman bartender wink at him.
“This one’s on me,” she said in a purr, her lips puckering seductively. Oni’on ignored the gesture swiping the chilled drink up in one hand and slamming it down his throat. Her eyes narrowed as she watched him, muttering something that was too incoherent to hear. Oni’on finished his drink. He swiped his hand across his mouth and let out a loud satisfied sigh. 
“Oni’on! Did you hear your best friend is back in town?” said a tinny voice from across the bar. Oni’on didn’t need to turn to know Sheb, a man from work, was the one hollering at him. He ignored the voice, his fingertips thrumming against the sleek bar. He counted in the back of his mind the scraps he had been in with Kalub, the friend Sheb was talking about. A hand gripped his upper shoulder.
“Hi, baby, miss me?” asked a sugary voice. Long slender fingers ran seductively down the side of his face. A wiry, large eyed girl with lips too big for her face smiled at him. Oni’on recognized her as one of the whores, apparently not all of them were disgusted by him. He gave her a forced smile, raised his hand, and stepped back from her touch.
“What? I’m not good enough for you?” She pouted with a hint of rejection laced through her voice. Oni’on wasn’t sure how to answer that.
“Worge-bait, what do you say we get ourselves so drunk that we don’t remember our names?” asked a medium sized man, with eyes that popped out and a crooked nose. He hooked his arm around Oni’on, his greasy hair falling in front of his eyes. “Doesn’t that sound amazing?” he slurred, clearly already intoxicated. Oni’on just laughed, and shoved the man off him.
“I’m already headed down that path tonight, Ply, I don’t need your help.” He stood to his feet and winked at the bartender. She clearly took it as an invitation and left her bar to join him. Just as soon as she linked her arm through the crook of his elbow, a voice called out from the back of the bar.
“Melenda, I thought I was your man!” The big, ugly man stood up, his face set in an angry scowl.
“When you have arms like his and a face to match then we’ll talk,” she said to him, her fingers running down Oni’on’s bicep. The man rose from his table and cracked his knuckles.
“She’s my girl.”
Oni’on looked at Melenda and shrugged.
“She can do whatever she pleases.” Bam! The staggering punch hit Oni’on in the face knocking him backward but not off his feet. He spat blood out of the corner of his mouth. He steadied his weight and braced his back legs for whatever this man would throw at him next.
“Stop it, Curo!” Melenda said to the drunken man.
Oni’on wiped his bottom lip not paying attention to the blood that had dripped down the front of his shirt. He heard Melenda screaming his name, and he gave a small nod toward her. His opponent grinned wickedly at him and lunged with a left hook toward his stomach. Even in his drunken stupor, Oni’on could avoid that punch. He ducked and sprang back with a kick to Curo’s ribs. The rough looking man flew back against some chairs crushing them under his weight. He scrambled back to his feet, swung at Oni’on again, and this time narrowly missed Oni’on’s jaw. Oni’on picked up a chair with his foot, grabbed it firmly, and swung as hard as he could. The impact of the chair splintered all over the place, flinging chunks of wood into several people’s glasses. They just kept on drinking like nothing happened. Oni’on turned slightly to smile at Melenda when wham! Something struck him from the side and whacked him in the head. He staggered as Curo pointed his finger at Oni’on.
“You’re mine, Worge-dung!” Curo wiped blood from his nose and lip. Oni’on felt something warm and sticky running into his eye and swiped it away in annoyance. He stumbled forward tackling the foul mouthed man and punched him in the face. They both went down. Oni’on sat on top of Curo, shoving his bloody knuckles into his face over and over. The man angrily bellowed, flipped Oni’on off, and flung him into the leg of a table. Oni’on was stunned for a moment and felt a firm grip on his collar. Curo dragged him out from beneath the table. He lifted Oni’on up into the air and head butted him right in the face. Oni’on saw stars and nearly passed out. 
“Just can’t stay out of trouble can you?” A hearty laugh filled the bar. Oni’on groaned. He wished he could’ve passed out. A meaty fist was coming toward his face when a shattering whack filled the bar. He fell hard, along with the man who had challenged him. He felt himself being dragged off to the side as a hulking figure took care of his fight for him. Oni’on grumbled under his breath. Kalub. He didn’t need help from an over-pompous Worge-baby. He had been doing just fine himself! A few minutes went by, and Oni’on felt his body regenerate to its full health. He managed to get to his feet just as Kalub came lumbering toward him in all of his glory. Oni’on swore under his breath as his “friend” slapped him on the back.
“I swear, Oni’on, my sister can throw a better punch than you.” Kalub laughed at his own joke. Save a kid from a Worge once, and he thought he was your best friend. Kalub thought he owed Oni’on his life. Oni’on didn’t need saving. He didn’t need an annoying friend.
“The next one is on me.” Kalub grinned, his white and pale orange eyes flashing with amusement. Oni’on forced a smile to his lips. He would never turn away a free drink.
“Did I surprise you?” Kalub asked as he poured a black bottle of the finest wine into a glass. Kalub was not short on coin, his family never had been. Kalub came to visit them about twice a year. He always managed to find Oni’on first and boast about all his accomplishments in life. Oni’on had done one thing in life so far. Drink. He smiled sardonically. Kalub was blabbering on about the fields and trees or something. Oni’on wasn’t paying attention until he heard the word “Vullen.” He looked up in surprise.
“What did you just say about a Vullen?”
“Oh, supposedly the Icer king has one stashed in his castle. I thought those creatures were a myth! So did half of Jade! It could be just a rumor, but the king is looking for those two shady peddlers. He’s offering a big reward if anyone can find them and retrieve the Vullen’s cloak.” Kalub lifted his glass and took a swig of his wine.
“I was thinking about going after those two Worge-eaters. They’re a slippery pair.” 
“Are you now? Hmm…” Oni’on rubbed his chin a thought trying to make its way through his drunken mind. “How much of a reward?” he asked Kalub carefully, trying not to be too conspicuous. 
“I don’t know, a bag of coin I guess. He’s the Icer king. He’s got more coin than he knows what to do with. Except, I’m not so sure about dealing with Vullens.”
“Why?” Oni’on knew very little of the creatures. He tipped his bottle back with gusto letting the taste fill his mouth. 
“Why? They sing a song that can kill anyone in their path. If the king of the Icers has a Vullen he must have a death wish.” Kalub set his glass down. “The bigger question is why would a Vullen let themselves get caught in the first place? It seems strange to me.” Kalub motioned toward the bartender who refilled his glass with a seductive smile. 
“El’yi, if I know.” Oni’on settled in his mind to go look for the peddlers in the morning. He could use a good bag of coin. It would buy him enough wine to last a lifetime. He smiled dreamily at the thought. Enough wine to last a lifetime…
After Kalub had finally left the bar, Oni’on sipped on his drink, his thoughts on his family. His throat felt tight at the thought of his little sister still under the roof of his abusive fad’ra. The thought of Juda made Oni’on’s jaw clench; he balled his fist beneath the wooden table as his friends sat down around him their faces full of drunken mirth.
“To the brothel, Oni’on?” Jackon asked with a slur, his green and white hair skewed messily around his pointed chin. Oni’on grinned, he did feel like a good run around, but after the other night he wasn’t so sure how happy they would be to see him. 
“Another time,” he said. He finished his drink and tossed the bartender a grin and headed home.
***
The next morning Oni’on lay sprawled on his couch massaging his temples. Two empty bottles of wine lay sprawled on the floor near his feet. His hand brushed a half full bottle. He gripped it unconsciously and tipped it up to his lips. He swung his legs off the couch and began to throw some supplies in a satchel. If he wanted to get that coin before Kalub he’d have to get moving. His mind drifted casually with thoughts about Arrissa. He finished packing and slid the satchel over his shoulder. Time to find a couple peddlers. Where to look first? 
Oni’on spotted Kalub loading a pack on a well-groomed mammoi as he stepped outside. A determined look crossed his face as he patted the backside of his own mammoi. Kalub was a piece of Worge-dung. He better not lose to that annoying man. He unlatched his mammoi from her stall and led her out into the street. Lisha clucked as he slid onto her back patting her furry neck.
“If you find those peddlers before Kalub does I’ll buy you a whole carriage full of fruit to eat,” he whispered in Lisha’s ear. The creature clicked happily as he rubbed her nose and urged her to move forward. 
***
As Oni’on traveled, every villager he came across told him the same thing. No one had seen the two peddlers in a week. That was odd. Oni’on slid off Lisha and tied her to a pole outside a pub in the next village over from Glimma. He might as well get a drink while he was here. He shoved open the door and made his way toward the bar. The dim lights were trying desperately to hide the coat of filth that lined the floors but failing. He wasn’t picky. He slid up to the bar, slapped his hand down, and ordered himself a cheap wine. The bartender was old and decrepit. White and pale green hair poked out the sides of his skull like whiskers, and his teeth were all but gone. The bartender filled up a questionably clean glass with teeming dark red fluid and slid it to Oni’on.
“What you here for, stranger?” the man garbled, sounding almost as drunk as Oni’on wished he was. The bartender picked up a glass and examined it as if he was thinking of cleaning it then decided against it. 
“Looking for two peddlers.”
“Oh! This is about the Icer king’s reward, eh?” The old Zare cackled as he poured himself a cup of wine and swigged it. He sloshed on the counter then wiped it up with his sleeve. Oni’on shrugged, guzzling his own drink.
“Have they already been found?” he asked the old man. The bartender shook his head.
“Nah, I think that news would travel fast. Name’s Joc Wallo.”
“Oni’on Sulstic.” Oni’on shook the old man’s hand firmly then nursed his wine. 
“So, you’re after the bag of coin, eh?” The old man leaned in close to Oni’on and with putrid breath whispered, “I hear the peddlers got out of sight, because they think the king is going to return what he bought.” The old man’s scraggily eyebrows rose straight up, his eyes bulging. 
“What did he buy?” Oni’on knew Joc was waiting for him to ask. 
“A Vullen’s kid.” The old man’s face grew serious. He picked up his dirty cloth. He wiped the counter smearing more dirt around.
“I thought those creatures were a myth.”
“Nah, they’re as real as my wife’s affair with my best friend. Here’s the real question. Why would the king want a Vullen? Those things are like keeping a box of hieths in your bed with you.” The old man slapped the counter with a thud. 
“I’m just aiming to get to those peddlers before someone else gets that bag of coin.” Oni’on slammed his wine the rest of the way and paid the bartender before walking back outside. 
Oni’on searched village after village until he grew weary of his quest. He sat silently in the Dredge Forest having given up looking for the peddlers, eating his lunch, and on his way back home to Glimma. The trees high above him blocked out most the sunlight as he chewed. Who was he to think he’d just become wealthy and never have to worry about anything ever again? Arrissa might have even noticed him if he had more coin than he knew what to do with. He snuffed at the thought and shoved the rest of his lunch into his mouth. He heard voices in the far off distance. Clanging. 
He knew the reputation of this forest and decided it was time to head out. Cutting through the Dredge Forest was the easiest way home, but not the most intelligent. He walked up to his mammoi and slid his leg over her. He tugged at her reins and got her moving as the clanging continued. He had a sudden thought. What if the peddlers were hiding in the forest until the search died down? The Dredge Forest would be the perfect place to hide out. Curiosity got the better of him, and he turned the creature around with a tug. 
Lisha clicked with annoyance as she walked toward the clanging noise hesitantly. Oni’on saw figures moving adjacent to where he was. Two large caravans moved slowly, a man sitting behind each one. They were singing terribly and laughing. The Peddlers! Oni’on’s lip curled slowly. He’d found them without even trying. He carefully approached them, trying to avoid making too much noise. Their mammois however heard him right away. Their ears flickered back and forth, and their clicks grew anxious. The first peddler, with white and aqua colored hair, clutched his reins suddenly. 
“Hey, Hans, we got a visitor.” His voice didn’t seem overly concerned. He broke out in a smile as he motioned for Oni’on to approach.
“What can I do for ya, sir?” He climbed off his seat and opened up the backend of the caravan. It folded down into three tables with merchandise strapped down with thick bonds. “I have some rare finds for you.” He flashed a smile as he began to pull out each item and rattled on about its amazing value. When he pulled out a small cloak, Oni’on paused.
“What is that?” he asked carefully and touched the soft but durable looking material.
“That is a Vullen’s cloak. I will sell it to you for 50 coin,” the man boasted, acting like it was the best deal on Jade. Oni’on snorted with disgust.
“No one in their right mind would pay that for a ratty cloak. I’ll give you 5 coin for it.” Oni’on crossed his arms over his chest and stared the peddler down. 
“I could sell my shoe for 5 coin. How about 45 coin?” He lifted the cloak up higher, examining it carefully. “No wears or tears on this beauty.” 
“Ah, Ferral, you’re not going to get more than 20 for that rag. Just give the man the cloak for 5. I want to get to the next village before some Deity sucks my soul,” Hans said with annoyance. “I don’t think you’re going to get anyone to buy that ugly thing anyways. Didn’t it go with that girl we sold?” Hans waved his hand as if dismissing the subject. Ferral scowled briefly at his partner then handed the cloak to Oni’on and took his coin from him. He packed up his merchandise quickly and climbed back on his seat. 
“Tell me, sir, how far is the next village?” Hans asked. So, the peddlers had been still making rounds? Could Oni’on really be that lucky? He carefully held the cloak in his hand.
“You’ll get to Crike going that way, Glimma is the neighboring village,” Oni’on answered. 
“We’ve already been through Glimma, let’s head to Crike.” Ferral urged his mammoi forward and nodded to Oni’on as he left. Oni’on watched them go still clutching the cloak. He climbed on his own ride and nudged her forward. This small piece of fabric was going to earn him a lot of coin. It was a good thing the peddlers didn’t know about the reward hanging over their head. They probably would have turned themselves in for coin. He would be back in Glimma by nightfall, and then he’d head over in the morning to the Icer border to get his reward for the cloak. Lisha tugged on the reins as he weaved her around dead looking trees. This place made his skin crawl. He let his mind empty. Lisha knew the way home, so he let her follow her own instincts and closed his eyes to rest for a few moments. He slipped into sleep as the mammoi’s feet easily made her way through the underbrush.
Something suddenly startled him awake. It was a soft noise, like that of a pup crying in another room. He frowned, rubbing his eyes. The forest lay coated in darkness, the shadows of the trees looking like waving figures. Where was he? Lisha had stopped moving forward and was clucking nervously, shifting her weight from hoof to hoof. Why had she stopped? Oni’on felt fear tingle in the back of his skull. He wasn’t near Glimma at all. This couldn’t be right. 
He tried to find solace in the stars that were high above him but couldn’t get enough of a view to be sure. He fumbled in his pack for his director, a device that could show him the way home, and growled when it slipped from his hands and landed with a soft rustle in the leaves below him. He slid off Lisha and swiped it up along with a handful of leaves. He pulled the device out and brushed it off letting the leaves flutter to the ground. He barely had enough light to see which direction laid Glimma. A sultry song drifted in the night air. He shifted nervously and tried to get his directions straight in his head. The voice raised in pitch until it made his knees weak. He wasn’t getting home tonight was he? He bitterly shook his head. It figured. He finally had something in his possession to make himself a wealthy man when a Deity had to go and mess it up for him. 
“You mustn’t return to the Icer king.” The voice pierced sweetly into Oni’on’s heart. “You mustn’t give him the Vullen’s cloak. Cast it aside.” The girl’s voice sounded like she was in pain. He seemed to physically feel her ache, and it made him waver on his feet. He couldn’t see her, but he could sense the pressure of her voice. Did he dare answer her negatively? Of course, he was going to collect his reward. He wasn’t stupid. The wind whistled high above him rustling the branches of the trees like tiny fingers wanting sustenance from him. 
“No! You must listen, grandson of Pod!” 
Uh oh. Time to get on Lisha and bolt out of here. He had to get beyond the borders of the Dredge Forest now. He climbed aboard his mammoi and clucked to her softly.
“If you don’t get us out of here right now I’ll feed you to the Worges.” He urged Lisha onward, and he felt her soar through the trees, her mane blowing wildly around her muscular neck. The trees seemed to be screaming in his ear, and suddenly the face of a young woman fluttered into view. She tried to grab at him with her pale hands, her mouth opened in a scream of terror, as he snapped the reins with determination. “Home!” he shouted as Lisha zigzagged with sure footing. He breathed a sigh of relief as Lisha crossed the border back onto Zare territory. Sobbing echoed behind him.
“No, wait!” said the girl’s voice brokenly. 
***
Oni’on weighed the bag of coin in his hand with a greedy look in his eye. The weight of ignoring the young Deity seemed to physically affect him even days later. He hadn’t been able to stop thinking about her and found himself tossing and turning at night. She’d seemed so desperate to stop him. Deities were fickle things though. What had they ever done for him? The Deities be cursed. He lifted the bag of coin to his lips and kissed it happily. All he needed now was a woman and a couple bottles of wine.
Chapter 35
Deilia
Neuge City
Icer Domain

Deilia lovingly caressed her cloak, the sound of the door softly shutting behind her. The king himself had delivered it to her. It had been so long since she’d felt its security and warmth that she’d almost grown accustomed to her soul feeling raw and exposed. She let out a little gasp of pleasure as she slipped it over her shoulders and tipped the hood over her hair. How had she gone so long without it? It felt like home. She clutched at the fabric, weaving her fingers in the folds, her eyes shimmering with remembrance. Now that she had the protection of her cloak, she could carry out the request the king had asked of her. If this one act could restore favor with El’yi then she would capture a baby Wolfinic. She vaguely remembered an herb that Shuro had told her about. It would protect a person from any environment for a short time. She’d asked the Deity if it would work on a Vullen, and she had told her it wouldn’t work with the curse. If she could get the herb to the king, him and his men could aide her as she captured the pup. The thought grew until she had a solid plan. Shuro would know where the seers lived. 
King Lowen

The sounds of the Dredge Forest made King Lowen on edge as they rode around the high trees. The small Vullen child had disappeared for a short time much to his dismay. He feared he had just lost his one way of getting Gal’adryl her cure, but when she showed up a few minutes later he breathed a sigh of relief. He touched the small pouch of herbs. Deilia had instructed him and his men to wear them right above their hearts so they could leave the Icer domain. Why had he never heard of these ancient herbs that allowed them access for a short period of time? The girl didn’t know how long the herb would work which made him nervous. The cloaked girl turned her clear eyes on him.
“I know where the seers live.” 
“We’re ready.” King Lowen’s eyes shimmered at the thought that he could be hours away from curing his wife. Hours. 

Otsana
Dredge Forest
Wolfinic Village

The midnight sounds were absent as Otsana lay awake deep into the night. Her long nails curled and uncurled in anxiety, her ears twitched, and she listened carefully. The soft rhythmic breathing of her mate and pup didn’t seem to calm her as it usually did. It was as if some kind of a warning was trying to break through her consciousness. 
Her visions were clear, though she hadn’t pressed into them too far. She closed her eyes, willing her mind to obey her and fall into a deep sleep. The feeling nagged her again, warning bells filling her veins. Something was wrong. Who was she compared to the elders in the village? They would see if danger was approaching them and if anything had changed. The vision-stone her mother had created lurched before her eyes like a dark, swirling, angry cloud. The disturbing thoughts remained until she softly growled. Mur stirred near her, his long tongue lulling out of his mouth. Shema was curled up on her own bed her tiny head resting on the rags.
If anything ever happened to her family she’d fear insanity for herself. They were her love, her life. Was that why she was so beside herself with anxiety? Her eyes narrowed as she stared into the inky darkness. Was she afraid? She’d never been afraid of anything in her life. Except for the vision-stones, she reminded herself. She stood to her feet and slipped from the bed. She feared if she rustled around more she’d awake Mur and Shema. She slipped into the thick coated darkness her paws falling with quick thuds through the forest. 

Deilia

The moons’ light played around the edge of Deilia’s cloak as she stood silently on the outside of the Wolfinics’ village. Was she ready to do this? She would have to find a young pup, considering Wolfinics grew larger than she stood. She shifted through the songs in her head trying to pick out the best one to lure the pup if she needed to. The king and his men had stayed on the outskirts of the village because of the Wolfinics seer abilities. She’d heard legends of how her race could walk outside the Wolfinics visions. She hoped that those legends were true. She moved stealthily toward the village. 
The first dwelling place she came into housed no pups, so she slipped out quickly. She checked several more until she spotted scattered bits of bark around the outside of one house. She headed toward it her heart pounding fiercely. So many slept unaware of her presence. She wondered what it had been like the night that the Vullens had been cursed by El’yi for causing so much death. She had a vague knowledge of the event, but nothing concrete in her young mind. She was not killing the pup, just simply borrowing it, and she would make sure it got back home after the king had it heal his ill wife. Bits of bones laid littered around the yard. Tiny paw prints were embedded in the soft soil. Perfect. She drifted into the house silently. One bed lay empty and the other was occupied by a big male that was breathing heavily. Her eyes caressed a small bed where a pup lay. A smile curled on her lips as she silently slipped her arms underneath the pup and lifted her against her chest. The pup only whimpered for a moment then curled against her with soft licks of her chops. 

King Lowen

King Lowen saw Deilia and grinned like a kid. 
“Go help her, and be quiet about it,” he instructed a guard, who was standing beside him. As the Vullen approached, he saw that her eyes looked urgently at him.
“Let’s go now. The pup is asleep, but the mother was out of the house. She will notice her pup’s absence when she returns.” She gently set the pup in the back of a carriage and climbed in and sat beside it. “I will keep it asleep, ride,” she hissed through her teeth. King Lowen didn’t hesitate. He waved his hand toward his men and they headed back toward Neuge City. 

Otsana
Wolfinic Village

Otsana’s feet padded along the ground silently as she held a kill in her mouth. The blood leaked into her mouth making her salivate. She finally had to stop and rip off some chunks of the fresh meat. She could always bring Mur and Shema another kill tomorrow. No visions plagued her mind tonight which was nice, but also a little bit strange. She checked her mind link with Shema twice, but the pup was dreaming of flowers and streams. She lapped at the blood on the throat of the animal and growled softly in her throat with satisfaction. It was a peaceful night. Perhaps she’d been overly worried about the painful vision that she’d had. There had been no picture just emotions raging through her. She ripped off another tender chunk of bloody meat. Innards tumbled out onto the ground, where she greedily swallowed them down. She normally didn’t travel so far away from the village, but it had been awhile since she’d enjoyed a meal like this. She lifted her head slightly as she got a strange smell. What was that? Her fur bristled on her back, her claws sliding out in defense. She saw nothing, but something in her gut told her things were amiss. She stood to her feet, instantly forgetting about her kill soaking into the ground. Shema? She tried the mind link and connected easily. She sighed with relief. She was overreacting again. Her stomach twisted with worry. To appease herself, she headed toward the village to check on her beloved family. 

The village was quiet as Otsana leapt toward her house as silent as possible, the morning sun barely peeking over the horizon. She rushed up the steps and into her home, her breath coming out in hot gasps. She searched for her pup and saw the pile of rags empty. She could be snuggled up against Mur. She looked toward her mate and found nothing beside him. Shema. Where was her pup? She shouldn’t panic just yet. She searched the rags with her nose. There was that strange smell again drifting around her. Instantly, every vision from her nightmares flooded her mind. Fear gripped her as she saw her pup being shackled in the Icer castle. Her visions kept changing. Why? She whimpered in horror as her visions grew worse. She had to reach her pup now! She couldn’t let that happen to her pup! 
“Mur! Wake up!” she barked in urgency. Mur growled in his sleep and turned over. “Mur! Shema’s been taken! Wake up!” The instant she said the words, her mate was on his feet growling.
“What?” He shook his head back and forth ridding his mind of sleep. She knew he began to see the visions as well. 
“I’m going after her,” Otsana said with rage building inside her. How dare the Icer king steal her pup. Mur nudged her anxiously.
“Look at your visions! You know we can’t do that!” he said the words with a tremble. 
“I don’t care. The visions can change,” she growled and shoved her mate aside. He pinned her to the wall his teeth snapping at her.
“I can’t let you get yourself killed. We’ll have another pup, Otsana. Let her go.” His hot breath blew in her face. Otsana blinked in shock. Let her go? Her pup? She shoved Mur back with a snap of her jaws.
“I’m going to get her back.” With those words, she bolted from the house the sound of her mate’s howl behind her. 
Otsana’s footsteps pounded the ground methodically. She tried the mind link with Shema, but only received emptiness. Shema! Her mind was swirling with visions of her pup being tortured to perform an act she was too young for. She had only a short time before her daughter was forced to do something deadly for a pup. She saw visions of Mur howling to the sky. He wouldn’t come after her. 
Chapter 36
Deilia

Deilia settled into her room the pup lying on a small pile of blankets on the floor. The king had told her he would retrieve the Wolfinic in the morning. What was he going to do with the pup? Deilia wondered if the act she’d performed would be detrimental to the innocent creature before her. Her brown fur was matted with sticks and bits of leaves, her muzzle nestled against her paws. 

The next morning, the door to her room opened and King Lowen and two guards stepped in.
“I’m ready for the pup,” he said to her with hopeful eyes. One of the guards picked up the sleeping Wolfinic. She followed the king and the guards through the long hallway and up a flight of stairs until they were in a sitting room. A blonde haired woman sat, her eyes distant as if she was deep in a dream. She heard them come in and smiled with ease.
“Lowie, you brought a guest with you. Oh, what a wonderful surprise!” she exclaimed, clapping like a little child would. Deilia observed the dark circles under the woman’s eyes and the shake in her hands. She sat across from the woman on a tan couch. The guard carefully laid the pup on a white fur rug and exited the room. King Lowen took his wife’s hand and kissed it.
“Sweetheart, this nice girl is going to help you get better. You do whatever she says. I will be right here with you the whole time.” 
“I understand, Lowie. Aw, what a cute critter!” Gal’adryl leaned down and petted the pup asleep on the rug. “Can I keep it?” she asked with a child-like expression. 
“If you’d like, Gal’adryl.” Lowen gently brushed aside some loose hairs from his wife’s forehead and kissed her. 
Deilia watched the exchange. She’d never heard a legend where a Wolfinic could cure anyone. She awoke the pup with a single note. 
Shema

“Mama?” Shema whimpered as she opened her eyes. Was she dreaming? She was in a room filled with windows and white stuff swirling outside in a maddening way. The floor was a sparkling white, and a crystal figurine sparkled in the center of the room. She was laying on a white colored rug her paws dirtying it. She started to stand up when she spotted strange creatures surrounding her. One was a female with long blonde hair, her skin as white as the rug under Shema’s paws. The other was a small girl in a cloak her skin glistening gold underneath. The last was a blocky looking male with black hair and a scowl on his face. Shema trembled. What did they want with her? Where was her mama? She scampered to her feet and started to back away from the group of people.
“It’s alright,” the cloaked girl said in a singsong tone. A soft melody came out of her lips until Shema felt woozy.
King Lowen

“I need you to cure my wife of her disease.” King Lowen watched the skittish creature. Could one bite simply cure Gal’adryl? Would it work? His hope was rising too much for his own good. 
“Let’s begin. I need you to bite this girl,” the Vullen said simply to the tiny pup. The Wolfinic nodded up and down as if under a trance. King Lowen stepped back as Deilia and the pup approached his beautiful wife. Deilia opened her mouth, and a song began to drift out. The pup growled fiercely. 
“Where’s my mama? I can’t bite her…no.” She started turning toward the door, but Deilia gently ushered her back forward.
“We will bring you back to your mama once you simply bite the Icer woman,” she reassured her.
“Oh, alright,” The pup agreed trembling. King Lowen watched eagerly as the pup leaned over and sunk her tiny teeth into his wife’s arm. Gal’adryl screamed in fear and tried to yank her arm roughly back. It only managed to sink the pup’s teeth deeper into her flesh. The pup’s eyes grew white, and she whimpered as if in pain. Deilia sang a high frequency. Gal’adryl’s eyes rolled up into her head and suddenly her body began to convulse. 
The Deities’ Touch

Book 2 of the Jade Series

An unknown source of power lurks in the darkness.
Oni’on Sulstic has always been a loser. Always. So, when he finally comes into a lot of coin and a powerful herb to lure the girl he loves, he takes a chance. When things don’t go quite as planned, he’s forced to go on an insane mission to find the one thing he’s denied his entire life. Deities. 

13-year-old Stelane is being forced into a marriage with a man as old as her father. Her love waiting just beyond the edge of the border, Stelane is determined to find a Wolfinic to alter her into the species that her father despises. 
Jump back into the world of Jade as you encounter Deities, Wolfinics, Vullens, and a darkness that is determined to rule.


Otsana
Neuge City
Icer Domain

The cold, harsh wind ran its sharp fingers down Otsana’s face as she crossed the border of the Icer domain. The hot drool on her muzzle crystallized, and she shook her head back and forth causing the spikes of ice to fling in every direction. Her presence alerted the guards, that were posted, and they came running toward her, their hands filling with ice balls. A deep throated growl roared from her lips. Her powerful paws knocked one of the guards to the ground, his ice crystal shooting off into the sky like a wayward bird. He screamed as she tore his head from his shoulders. 
Another guard galloped up on a mammoi his hands gripping a spear. He let out a loud cry as she turned her head toward him, her eyes narrowing into slits. Her visions directed her, so that she knew he was going to try and hit her with his spear. She chuckled darkly and jumped up on the mammoi and bit a chunk out of the guard’s upper chest. His eyes looked at her with absolute horror before she tore his head from his body. She spat out the rest of him and let the mammoi run away. 
She bounded toward the castle, blood dripping down her muzzle. Her eyes blazed with hatred as her paws slid along the hard packed, iced-over ground. She dug her claws into the ice to keep her balance and nearly ran into a dead tree, its branches scratching at her fur. If the Icer king demanded a cure he would get a cure. Her visions flashed guiding her through the king’s land, until she reached a frosted towering castle before her. She could hear the hooves of mammois chasing behind her, the calls of the guards, who’d seen her attack at the border, and the ice building up on their arms to shoot at her. She leapt toward the door, her powerful muscles rippling, and knocked it down flat with fury. She overturned a massive bookcase in front of the door, scattering ancient writings all over the white floor. It would block the guards for some time. 
Her visions danced in and out of her mind like a disobedient pup. Her anger made everything a blur of white as she sprang toward a door where she could feel the pull of the mind link. Shema! If you can hear me I’m here. She tried connecting with her daughter, but there was nothing. Why wasn’t it working? She snorted, her paws and long mangy fur leaving bits of moss, sticks, and smears of blood on the shiny white tile. Otsana heard a pitiful scream and dashed toward the sound. Even if her visions were scarce her ears worked perfectly fine. She could smell something odd. She cautiously made her way toward the scream, unsure what she would find when she opened the door. 
http://amzn.com/B00CMR0ZP4

The Jade Series

The Vullens’ Curse
The Deities’ Touch
The Vision-Stone: Coming Soon! Fall 2014

Citizen

Lend, wrenched away from his home in the wild, loses everything in one eternal moment. Not only have these creatures, who call themselves Citizens, stolen his world, now they’re after his freedom. Forced into the back of a speedcar, the aliens take him to a warehouse.
Ill fed, terrified humans huddle in the darkness waiting to be purchased by a Citizen. Losing all identity except the name “human,” Lend fights to regain the freedom he and his race have lost. 

Purchased by the daughter of the most powerful Citizen on the planet, Lend finds his world churning. The female Citizen shows him a new side of the alien race that he believed was incapable of love or trust. Jealousy rages in her relationship with her future mate, and Lend runs from the killer Inamorato. With the threat of being burned alive, Lend collides straight into a force beyond his control. Does he have what it takes to become a savior or will he be enslaved at the hands of the powerful beings who corrupted our world?

Chapter 1

"Scream, human." A cold voice slid across the room. Blue electricity danced in front of a young girl's eyes; her pulse racing in her throat. Her golden locks hung in waves down her back as she placed a hand against her heart. She backed up a step as an icy, cold blue hand snaked across her throat and lifted her two feet off the ground.
"Scream," hissed the voice with twisted pleasure. A face appeared in the moon light, blue skin, pointy ears, and a shot of grayish hair. His thin membrane wings were spread across a taut back and webbed fingers and toes curled. The girl let out a whimper as he squeezed harder. The large creature grinned silently as the girl fell limp in his hands.
***
The city loomed large and beautiful; buildings scraped the bright blue sky. Silver streets were streaked with flames of color as speedcars blared by. Signs blinked simultaneously retching their product or business with ferocious flare. The noise was deafening. Children shouted in the streets, guardians barked orders, and the city radio squawked from flashy speakers. It was pandemonium at its best.
Morthane stood in his airy office staring down over Cathrach. The streets were filled with glistening speedcars, dots of blue skinned Citizens, and humans lapping at their master’s heels. He watched as neon signs blinked advertising the latest gadgetry and fashion. He glanced down at his tight black pala, a strong material toga, stretched across his blue skin and toning his perfectly formed muscles. The fashion really hadn’t changed since they’d invaded earth some thousand years ago. He got a glimpse of his own reflection in the massive window and narrowed his eyes. He was 6’7 Quic’s tall, his chest muscular and broad; his blue skin was a shade darker than most Citizens. He ran his fingers through his short black hair that was styled neatly, his jaw was strong, and his face was handsome.
His office was spacious, too large his wife always had told him. It fit his personality. The windows filled the wall behind him so that he could look out over Cathrach anytime he wanted. He loved space, and the fifty some odd Quic ceilings gave him plenty. The opposite wall was filled with black files; every human who’d ever crossed Human Co’s doors was recorded. He had an exact count even. His eyes zeroed to the other side of the wall where a portrait hung of him and his family. His two children, Jania and Boron, looked down on him with wide smiles. His family. He sighed softly to himself. He was losing them; Rasa had been clear about that. He’d ignored the warnings, instead focusing on building an empire. Human Co went through how many thousands of humans a year?
It wasn’t that he didn’t care for his family; he was just, focused. Morthane blew out a slow breath feeling tension build in his muscles. What was wrong with him? He walked over to his desk, which was black marble, as cold air blew through the air ducts. I like it cold, he thought. He sat down pulling up a file that had been on his mind. He touched the screen with the tip of his webbed finger and saw several human faces he needed to get them sold. Citizens just didn’t buy humans like they used to. They were so particular now about the breed, the bone structure, and health of the animal they purchased. He sent hunters out every three to six months to track down more of the creatures and bring them into his warehouse. They were becoming more and more difficult to find. Humans were getting smarter, if that was possible. He smirked.
His wife’s face came into his mind, her long brown hair, lean figure, and pale gray eyes pleading. She’d hated Human Co; she’d told him it was cruel. He pushed the thoughts away, turning toward his luring office space. He felt bored.
Morthane couldn’t help but replay what he’d said to Rasa just before she’d packed up their two kids and walked out the door. She’d given him a choice, Human Co or her. He’d chosen his business. He couldn’t let it die. His father had run this business, and his father before that, and generations past. It was a part of whom he was a part of his legacy. He cast a side glance at the large portrait. It was almost as if he could feel the disappointment in those eyes staring down at him. He'd threatened to have her banned. A muscle jerked in his face. That was stupid, but did he really feel like he could be with a mate who hated his business?
His office manager suddenly appeared before him. He raised his hand in greeting, and she bowed slightly.
“Sir, your shipment has just arrived. There's an unruly one that needs to be tranqued,” she said matter-of-factly. Morthane raised his hand in dismissal. Humans were still humans.
“Fine, do whatever is necessary. I have a lot to do today. Ship him off to the first Citizen once he’s been detained.” 
The woman nodded and left him. He felt a strange pang at her departure. Maybe he’d go detain the animal himself.
Morthane stood near the window of his warehouse his eyes taking in the new humans. He looked at a file in his hand scanning the page, five hundred; a small shipment. It was always messy business when they brought in the new ones from the wild. He watched from the window for a moment as his guards corralled the women to one side and the men to the other side. They’d be taken to the disinfected chambers where they’d be washed thoroughly and given fresh palas to wear. He pressed his hand against the glass getting a good look at them. They always clung to each other. It was something he didn’t understand, their need for each other. He observed one woman who was wailing, her arms outstretched toward a man on the opposite side. He found it easier to handle them when he pulled the women and men apart. You’d think he was the devil himself the way these humans carried on.
His attention was grabbed toward the back corner where he noted the man that needed to be tranqued. He was tanned, around 6’3 Quic, with long black hair that fell almost to his waist. He was jumping, running around, and shouting at his guards, shaking them off like children. His guards were always hesitant to damage his goods, which was the way he’d trained them, but this display was downright stupid. The other humans were staying out of the crazy man’s path as he pounded on the walls trying to find a way to escape his prison. Humans. They were wonderful animals once they were trained. Stupid things. Their lot in life was to serve and to die. He thrust his hand on the scanner, and the door swished open.
“Morgel, I’ll handle him myself.” 
The small Citizen scampered away like a rat as Morthane entered the warehouse. He saw the wild human pause and stare at him for a heartbeat. He pulled out his tranque gun and aimed it at the animal’s chest. A flash exploded, and in a moment the human fell convulsing to the ground. He let his mouth twitch into half a smile. No problem. He slid the tranque into its holder and strolled over to the man. The other humans scattered from him like cockroaches in the light. He leaned down to take a closer look. This one looked strong; muscles bulged from his arms and legs. His skin was bare except a homemade pair of human pants. He let out a satisfied grunt then turned and left the warehouse.
***
Lend opened up a lazy eye. He felt pain ripple through his head and wondered if he should just sleep a little longer. Then, like a tornado, everything came back. Hundreds of humans caught. His eyes fluttered. His body tried to fight the tranq’s power but within a moment he was lost in its cruel grip, blackness slamming into the back of his skull.
Lend sat near the fire listening to his mother hum a gentle tune. He sharpened his knife on a stone as he sat. His sister, Bree, was stirring the stew, her small frame swaying to and fro to the music. Lend sighed in contentment. His father and brother were preparing the meat.
"Mom, is there anything else you need for the stew?"
His mother glanced up, her eyes squinting at the sun’s brilliancy.
"Could you gather a few herbs from the garden?"
Lend nodded and rose, sliding his knife into its holder against his thigh. He followed the small trail his eyes glancing at the familiar markings. His gut began to get uneasy. He looked around as if something was lurking in the shadows. They were well hidden from the Citizens, but something felt wrong. He shrugged it off. He’d been edgy for awhile now.
Lend stopped to gather the herbs his mother desired when the hair on the back of his neck prickled. He heard movement nearby and pulled out his knife. His keen eyes darted to the trees on either side of him. Something wasn't right. All of the humans in his camp knew not to sneak up on each other. Suddenly, a blue streak struck the ground beside him. Lend tumbled forward and into a hard run his arms pumping furiously. He heard the Citizen howl in anger as the ground crackled behind him. A blue flame dashed the ground inches from his feet, scattering rocks. He dove into the forest dodging trees and swiping branches from his face. He heard the Citizen barking orders. Oh, no. There are more of them, he thought. The forest sizzled behind him as the ballistic Citizens went into a rage. Run, run, his frantic thoughts screamed. His family's faces raced through his mind as the cool air whipped around him. What if they were already captured?
He plummeted into a deep ditch hitting the earth hard. His breath escaped him as he tried to stand back up again. A heavy foot pressed up against the side of his face. He struggled to get up and managed to push the Citizen off of him, but when he turned around he faced a group of power crazed creatures. They looked at him with deep set scowls. Two walked toward him holding heavy chains in their webbed hands.
"There's nowhere to run," rumbled the deep voice. Lend pulled out his knife and gripped the handle tightly.
“What is that?” He heard one of the Citizens laugh.
Lend knew it wouldn’t do any good. One lunged for him and he swung his knife slicing a thin trail of blood down the creature’s arm.
“This human thinks he can fight.” More laughter followed. They lunged at him, he swung, dodging and pushing the creatures into each other.
“Just grab him,” cawed their leader. He felt heat hit the back of his leg. He jumped to the left letting one of the Citizen’s weight fall over his shoulder and onto the ground. He heard the Citizen swear as it made a grab for his legs. He jumped back turning in a circle his eyes dark with fury. Pain exploded in the back of his skull. He staggered. He felt a blow knock him off his feet and onto his face; his body hit the dirt with a thud. Lend heard someone hissing as another jumped onto him pinning him to the ground. The dark haired human growled trying to shake the heavy body off of him. Blue flames slammed the ground near Lend's face crackling and exploding, scorching his cheek. The Citizen pulled him up by his hair and shoved him against the side of a metal vehicle. He’d heard about these vehicles, they were called speedcars. They were unlike anything humans had produced. Pure alien. He could smell burnt flesh as the webbed hands pulled his arms tight behind him. The other Citizens hissed and laughed as they began shoving others from his tribe into the back of the speedcars. He tried to see if his family was among the group, but he was forced into the horde of humans and prodded into the back of the vehicle.
Chapter 2

Lila dodged her inamorato’s intense stare as she walked into the door of his apartment. It was large and open, the walls stark white, the furniture a rich black. She’d always thought this place was too masculine for her taste. She knew what conversation was coming and dreaded it. She looked up to see her 6’9 Quic inamorato towering over another figure. One word described Jodge. Huge. He had blonde hair that was typically fused into a point; his black wings covered his back like a cape. He was distracted for a moment so she set her purse down on the table glancing in the hallway mirror. She prodded her pins loose, fiery red hair came spilling down her shoulders. It was long, down to her waist, curling at the end. She sensed someone behind her and turned.
“Hi, beautiful.” He warmly pulled her into his embrace. He was solid against her back, his breath warming her cheek.
“Hi,” she whispered, looking up into his face. He had a strong jaw, a rounded nose, pointy ears, and blue eyes. Her heart quickened as he bent close to her ear and whispered.
“I got a new human.” Lila turned her head, breaking the muscular Citizen’s embrace. She caught movement where Jodge had just been standing a moment before. A pretty human girl stood with a blank expression on her face. She was lean; her blonde hair curling around her shoulders, her face was perfect. Lila’s heart squeezed. Jodge meant to hurt her. She’d damaged his pride, and now he was aiming for her heart.
“She’s been assisting me all day.” He stroked the back of Lila's black, leathery wings. A shudder ran through her as her eyes darted up to his face, fury rising in her chest.
“This won’t change anything, Jodge,” she said coolly, taking a step back from him. Jodge gave a brilliant smile, trying to charm his way back into her heart.
“I’ve been training her, trying to find out what she’s capable of.”
Lila’s mouth twitched into a hard line as she watched Jodge pull the human close to him, his dark blue skin touching the pale girl's arm. The girl was clearly frightened, shaking like a leaf.
“She has to give me what I want, Lila. You, on the other hand.” He flung the girl away as if a rag doll. The human uttered a sharp cry as she hit the wall and slumped to the floor. Lila felt a stab of pity. Poor thing, she did nothing wrong. She pushed Jodge's meaty hands away. He wasn’t getting anything from her. Not tonight.
Jodge lifted his hands to her face and held her chin softly.
“I’m just trying to understand. Why won't you just say yes and be my mate?” His fingers trailed her skin. Lila couldn’t help but melt just slightly at his touch.
“I'm not ready for that yet, besides being my inamorato is close to being my mate,” she whispered, her wings fluttering out around her like black silk.
“When will you be ready?” Jodge gave a nervous laugh.
The girl Citizen shifted her weight pulling her face out of his hands.
"It’s complicated."
"That's because we've never—" His voice cut off as he turned his head away from her frustrated. She grabbed his webbed hands and looked into his blue eyes.
"I don't agree with what you're doing." She leaned up against the counter defiantly. Jodge studied her face for a moment.
"The humans?"
"Yes." She walked around to the table and sat down. He laughed, his dark bat-like wings unfolding slightly then refolding against his back. He ran his webbed fingers over his face in exasperation. Jodge walked over to the girl lying on the floor, staring down at her.
"She's nothing. Just a game I like to play." He reached out for Lila and kissed her lips fiercely. Lila was not convinced.
"It's wrong Jodge. It's breaking the laws."
"Since when have you followed the laws, Lila?" Jodge laughed. The girl closed her eyes.
"That's beside the point."
“I'll take the human back. She wasn’t worth it anyways. Besides, Halfsies are disastrous creatures.”
The comment helped a little. Halfsies were immediately destroyed before birth or just shortly after. Citizens and humans should never mix. She looked at the human and put her hand on the girl's light hair. She was young. Maybe fifteen eons?
“Wake up, human.” Lila gently shook the girl. The girl’s lip trembled as she stood to her feet. She was dressed in a pale blue pala; her blonde hair was ruffled but otherwise still perfect. "Get me some coffee.” 
The girl let out a small whimper, glanced at Jodge, and walked toward the kitchen. Jodge looked pleased with himself. He reached for Lila, and she came into his arms again.
***
Lila let her mind play with an ancient memory from her past as she stepped outside to drink in the cool night air. Jodge wanted a direct answer that she couldn’t give him. Why wouldn’t she be his mate?  Her fingers traced the wood grain back and forth as she stared out over the lit up city below. Tannel. The name arose from within her thoughts.  She’d tried to bury that memory a long time ago. She’d been just a kid. Lila closed her eyes letting the wind kiss her eyelashes. Her mother had always taught her to respect humans, to treat them gently. Her father was the extreme opposite. Lila’s mom had purchased a young male human and had given him to Lila as a playmate. Pain reared its ugly head at the memory of the human whom she’d grown to  love.
***
Morning brought the realization that his wife was really gone. The house was silent, empty, deserted. Morthane groaned, shoving his webbed feet out of bed. He glanced at his face in the mirror. Dark blue skin, short black hair, and coal black eyes blinked back at him. He was well admired in Cathrach, even feared; he was born into a powerful family and they’d been selling humans for hundreds of years. His mind drifted back to the man whom he’d tranqued the other day. He had gotten unruly again and they'd iced him. Just for an hour.
He could hear his wife’s voice nagging him. You're heartless. Those poor humans! It had been a mistake to take her to Human Co; they’d iced humans and she had watched. Rasa had been raised different than he was. Her father had been one of the few Citizens to stand up against Morthane’s father. It was ironic that her father had allowed her union with him. He would never call it love. Love was a human fairy tale. Citizens didn’t fall in love, they just accepted each other. Now she was gone. Maybe it was time to get out of this business. He shook his head at the thought. He needed to be distracted. He strained his body into action. The smell that came from the kitchen caught his attention. Coffee. It was a delectable thing that they’d discovered from some of the first humans. His slaves must have brewed him some, he took one more glance at the mirror and pulled on his pala. Black. Always black. Like my soul, I miss you Rasa., he thought darkly. He pushed her face from his mind. He should have listened to her. Morthane scowled at his thoughts and came into the kitchen his eyes still feeling heavy.
Three women bowed down to him, nearly kissing his feet. Pesky humans. He felt frustrated. He shoved them out of the way. The smallest girl came and sat a plate of food before him. She caught his eye and smiled. His pulse quickened. She was pretty.
He found the temptation disturbing. One day without Rasa and he was already tempted into making a Halfsie; half human half Citizen? He ran a hand over his face and pushed the plate away.
“I’m leaving,” he muttered, standing to his feet and grabbing the young girl’s wrist. He stared into her frightened eyes.
“Get out of my house.”
The small girl looked hurt, her hands starting to shake as he released her. She turned and started to walk away. Humans who were banned into the wild died quickly; they were too weak once they'd been trained. He questioned his cruelty. He thought twice and remembered Rasa. She wouldn’t want him to ban the human.
“Wait.”
The girl stopped and turned, her eyes filled with those awful tears humans produced.
“Just get to work,” he grunted. She nodded respectively. Stupid human. He hated himself for thinking those thoughts. He slammed the door and headed to Human Co.
***
Lila went down to Human Co early the next morning. She had no idea why, maybe just to get away from Jodge. She felt like she couldn't think straight when he was near her. She glanced at the new humans, bored. They were all the same. Same scared expression, same faces, all the same. She sighed, annoyed that she’d come down here. Suddenly, one of them moved. Struggled. He had been on his side while most humans were free to move around. His hands were tied behind him, his body iced, lying on the ground. But this one was putting up a fight. She noticed the handlers holding tranque guns in their webbed hands. Her eyes drew back to his form. He had toned muscles and thick black hair.
Unruly. That was the first word that came to her mind. She liked him. He glanced up at her, his eyes full of pain. His body shivered.
“That one,” Lila commanded. A Citizen with yellow, wiry, hair glanced at her surprised.
“He is untrained, ma’am. We've had to ice him three times now.”
Lila frowned noting the marks on the male human’s body. He'd been punished severely by the looks of it.
“Get him for me, now.” Her voice held authority that none dared disobey. Within a moment Lila had bought herself a new human. It was about time a human had a backbone.
***
Lend was tied up and thrown into the back of a speedcar. He shook, his body still reacting to being iced. He could hear the Citizen start up the engine, heat kicked out the back vent. In a few moments his muscles started to spasm as they began to unthaw.
“That should get you moving again.” He heard her say cheerily from the front. It was painful. The cold and hot combined made his body burn. He moaned softly not wanting the Citizen to hear it. She turned slightly in her seat.
“What a moron my brother is. Doesn’t he know you’re not supposed to ice a human body more than once?” She made a little disgusted noise as she reached a long arm back behind her and turned all of the vents onto him. Warm air blasted him. He let out an audible groan and she winced.
“Just try to relax. Icing takes awhile to recover from.” She turned back around leaning back against her seat as the automatic car carried them through the streets of downtown. It was silent, but for the sound of the vents letting out whooshes of air. Lend let his mind drift. Who was she? Fear made his body break out into cold sweats. His arms finally felt unthawed. He moved slightly. Still painful. His legs were still held together like someone had wrapped them in tight, cold, ropes. Anger boiled inside his chest like a hot cauldron. What am I going to do? he thought.
Lend sat up slightly as the car turned sharply through the streets. He looked over at the Citizen woman. She looked wealthy, her body was adorned with expensive jewelry, her fiery red hair held glittering diamonds. Why had she bought him? The car suddenly came to a quick stop. His shoulder hit the seat and he groaned slightly. He slumped back down. Lend heard the doors swoosh open. The female Citizen grabbed him from the back and hauled him out. He winced.
“Walk, human.” Lend’s legs felt wobbly as she placed him on his feet. Citizens never called them by their name. It was always human. Lend found it terse. Maybe he was just new to this whole slave thing, but he hated it already. He walked cautiously every step caused burning pain to race up and down his calves. It was like walking on coals. Not that he’d ever walked on coals. He looked up at the alien and found her staring at him. His expression darkened.
Lila found this human fascinating. She could almost read his thoughts that were playing through his dark eyes. He wanted her throat. She felt a thrill. She knew he could never hurt her. She was after all, the superior race. The human took tentative steps forward. Lila could tell that he was in pain from being iced. She’d never bought a human who’d been iced before, they usually were trouble. She watched thoughts going through his mind. He wanted to fight. She gripped his arm and looked up at his face.
“Don’t be foolish.” Lila let a small surge of power go through her hand. He looked at it and pulled his arm away quickly. So, he’d felt the power before had he? She felt a stab of pity go through her chest. She led the way, keeping her eye on him as they made their way into her apartment. He looked lost. She didn’t blame him. She approached him as they came to the second floor.
“My name is Lila.”
The human listened, his eyes intent on her face. His gaze was like ice.
“Your purpose is to obey me. If you don’t, I want you to understand that I can have you destroyed.” 
Lend observed his new master with an acid-like stare. She had chiseled features, high cheek bones, petite nose, and a slim body. Her skin was pale blue and red hair adorned her head. She had flashing green eyes and black leathery wings that were curled against her back. Lend walked down a long hallway, the lights dim. He hoped his fear didn't show on his face as the creature led him to a doorway.
"This is your room, human."
Lend looked down the other side of the hallway. A woman peeked her head out one of the doors. She stared at him for a moment then shut the door quickly when she spotted Lila. Lend turned toward the Citizen woman feeling empty and defeated. She turned and walked away as he opened his door and stepped inside his tomb. The room was as empty as his feelings. It was dimly lit with a single bed, a small lamp, and a dresser shoved against one corner. He walked over to the dresser and opened it up feeling his muscles scream at him with pain. Inside were bland gray clothes.
He pulled one out. Was that a dress? He looked at it with disgust. He didn't know who these aliens thought they were, but he was not going to wear a stupid dress. He'd rather wear his human pants that the warehouse keeper had tried to strip off of him. He'd bitten him. He closed the drawer roughly and stared at the wall. A few moments later there was a soft knock on the door. He opened it and saw a young woman standing there. She smiled at him.
"Hi, I'm Gali."
"Lend."
"Welcome to our home."
"Thanks."
She nodded, turned, and walked away. Lend closed the door with a thud and leaned up against the back of it. He had to get out of here and find his family. Their faces flashed before him, bringing a stinging pain to his chest. His fingers curled into a fist.

Author Bio


When Natasha House wakes up in the morning she's got one thing on her brain: writing. She works a "normal" job along with pursuing writing. She enjoys singing and diving into random crafty projects. 
One of her favorite songs she wrote was ‘It’s Coffee Time.’ Natasha loves writing different genres including: sci-fi, fantasy, middle grade, romance, and paranormal. Her dream is to one day write full time. She loves making people laugh, sit on the edge of their seat, and dive into a world they might not want to come out of.


To find out more about Natasha House

Subscribe for email updates 
http://eepurl.com/Zm2kX

Blog
http://natashahouse.wordpress.com/

Facebook
https://www.facebook.com/ZaraSuperheroPrincess?ref=hl&ref_type=bookmark

Twitter
@Natasha House

Note from the author:
Thank you for reading my book! I hope you enjoyed it.
I absolutely love hearing from my readers, and if you have a spare moment would you consider leaving a review? It really helps me out as an author to grow and helps get the word out!
