

The Shadow Chaser #1
Thriller by John Matthews
–
Published by John Matthews
–
Copyright 2013 by
John Matthews
–
Smashwords Edition

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced without written permission, except for brief quotations to books and critical reviews. This story is a work of fiction. Characters and events are the product of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental. This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 

Approx 75,000 words.

As well as being a novelist, John Matthews is an experienced journalist, editor and publishing consultant, though after the success of Past Imperfect, which became an international bestseller, he has devoted most of his time to writing books. In 2004, The Times compiled a list of top ten all-time-best legal thrillers which included Past Imperfect. John Matthews lives in Surrey with his wife and son. 
 
Reviews:

A thumping great read and a terrific tale, terrifically told.
- Ireland on Sunday. 

Bold and different. A rollercoaster thrill ride against a backdrop of genetics research straight out of today’s headlines. Should appeal to fans of Michael Crichton and Robin Cook.
- Metro. 
 
Matthews certainly knows how to keep the reader hungry for the next revelation.
- Kirkus UK. 


1

André Lemoine took a deep breath as he surveyed the panorama before him: a thick carpet of dark green tree-top foliage spreading for miles, faint mist rising as the heat of the rising sun burnt off last night’s torrential rain. 
From his vantage point, a rocky outcrop with few trees, he could catch glimpses of some of his team in the first ten yards, then they were swallowed under the dense green blanket: the tree tops stretched flat for almost ten miles, until the first foothills of the Dorsale Camerounaise, the long ridge of mountains that ran along Cameroon’s north-west border. But any clear definition of the mountains was robbed by the film of mist above the tree tops; they were like the hazy backdrop in a Chinese landscape painting.
There was a suspended stillness to that time of morning: only a faint unified clicking from the crickets and cicadas and the occasional bird call, as if they were waiting, along with the myriad of other jungle animals, for the sun to rise higher before their main crescendo of sound; or better still, late at night when André’s camp would be trying to sleep. André could hear the faint rustling and swish of sticks of his team through the undergrowth almost in time with the gentle insect thrum from the jungle.  
‘Ega! Here! Over here!’
Then suddenly everything was in motion, the stillness broken.
‘Lecu! Quick! Five or six, maybe more.’ 
More voices rapidly joined the first, calling out in Yemba, the rustling changing to a wild thrashing as they started running. And above it all, the sudden excitable shrieking of monkeys calling out to each other, warning.
André scrambled down hastily from the rock ledge, jumping the last five feet. David Copell’s sweat-streaked face greeted him as his feet hit the ground.
‘They’ve found some! A group of five or six, maybe more.’ David was excited, slightly breathless, having run back from their team of trackers to alert André. 
They started running, David leading the way, flailing their way through the thick undergrowth and tree branches, trying frantically to catch up with the main body of trackers following the mounting shrieks of the fleeing monkeys. 
Fronds and branches sprung back in André’s face as they sped through, the voices ahead now closer, more animated, excited. As they burst through a last tangled clump of palm and bamboo, they could see the trackers standing in a ragged semi-circle in a clearing ahead. Two of them were pointing up.
‘Ege! There! They’ve gone up this one.’ The leader of the trackers, Kalume, looked back towards André and David with beaming excitement.
They could see the legs of one of Kalume’s men just disappearing out of view as he shinned hurriedly up the tree. They moved closer and joined Kalume in looking up. 
Darkness, made denser still by the contrast with the shafts of light that pierced through the tree canopy gaps and hit André’s eyes as he squinted up. He couldn’t make out much beyond the tracker reaching out his arm to help him up.
‘You go now! You go now!’ Kalume urged. ‘I follow.’
‘Yes. Right.’ André gripped onto the hand and scrambled up into the first branches. They’d had a mix-up just the day before when they’d corralled a group of grey mangabeys, very similar to the silver-tailed mangabeys André sought. One of the monkeys’ legs was injured in disentangling it from the nets; this time they wanted André there to make identification sure before the final closing in of the nets.
André climbed up through two sets of branches with Kalume now following, and peered up. It was a tall tree, cavernous, the darkness within it almost impenetrable: a tangled mass of fig vines, epiphytes and moss around most of its branches; an ecosystem within an ecosystem. Still André couldn’t make out anything clearly above: brief flashes of dull, indistinct shapes darting rapidly, the increasingly wild flurrying of branches, and pencil thin shards of sunlight bursting intermittently through fleeting gaps. And the shrieking of the monkeys now filled the air, drowned out everything else. Five or six, David had said, but it sounded like a dozen or more.
André knew that two or three of Kalume’s helpers would be near the top of the tree by the nets. With the three of them now moving up, the mangabeys would be trapped in between.
They grappled their way steadily up the branches, and as André looked up he thought he caught a silvery glint in the last few inches of tail of a monkey above. Then as quickly it was gone as it darted through the higher branches; it might easily have been just a reflection from some sunlight filtering through. The small silver tail marking was all that differentiated it from the grey mangabey; that and the elusive R gene which had brought André and David three thousand miles to track it down. They needed to get closer to make sure.
André was sweating heavily from the exertion and stifling heat as they clambered their way up, his attention alternating between his hand and foot holds and the activity above: he didn’t notice the snake at his side until almost a third of it appeared from around the thick branch he was on. It had been nestled between some fig vine and the branch; obviously his movement had disturbed it.
André froze, not daring to move, watching transfixed as it slithered out only inches from his waist. Red with green diamond patches, it appeared to be around four-foot long, its tongue gently probing the air as it moved. Then, as it sensed him, it coiled back, ready to strike.
André held his breath, tried to control his trembling by gripping tighter to the branch. André eyes were bleary and stinging with the sweat running into them, and he watched as two droplets slowly fell from his forehead onto the branch.
‘Don’t move!’ Kalume’s voice came sharply, redundantly, from below. Then, as Kalume angled himself for a better look. ‘No, no. It’s okay. I think it’s only a garter snake.’
Think? André kept his breath held as he watched the snake slither over the back of one calf and ankle, and then – seeming like a lifetime – slowly away. It wasn’t until it was a full yard away and slithering onto another branch that he finally eased out his breath.
‘It’s okay. It’s gone now,’ Kalume said.
But André stayed transfixed, clinging to the branch, something else suddenly assaulting his senses as he watched the snake slither away: how high up they were! 
He watched as a sweat droplet cleared the branch and sailed downward, the yawning chasm of the forty-foot drop hitting his synapses; he felt suddenly dizzy, unsteady, as if he might fall despite his tight grip on the branch. 
Voices now from above, the screeching of the monkeys even more frantic, deafening.
André clung tight, closing his eyes, trying to shut out all the noise and activity and the drop below as he felt everything start to sway and spin around him, as if the whole tree was suddenly tilting.
‘Look! They’ve got one!’ Kalume called out excitedly. ‘You can see it clearly now, see the silver marking.’
But still André clung on, afraid to move. Three thousand miles to try and save mankind, and now he couldn’t lift his head a few inches to see if the prize was within his grasp or not.
‘Look! They’re holding one now for you to look at!’ Kalume called out louder, perplexed that André hadn’t looked up; or perhaps thinking that he hadn’t heard the first time above the cacophony of shrieking from the monkeys.
André was unable to move. He opened his eyes for a second, but the ground appeared to sway and tilt sickeningly below him. He closed them quickly again. He was trembling hard, his sweat feeling suddenly cold against his skin, and still everything seemed to sway and spin around him in his self-imposed darkness. 
Oh God. One way in which he wished he were more like his brother, Eric. Eric would have had no problem, would have laughed in the face of a drop four times as high; it was what much of his career had depended on.

Eric Lemoine levered himself up the last few inches onto the narrow ledge and, as he straightened, took his bearings for a moment. One more floor up and he’d edge back along the way he’d come twenty minutes ago; a short hop to the adjoining roof, then he’d scamper across and shin down the drainpipe on the far side. 
It was harder going making his way back, his back-pack was now full. His breath vapours showed heavy on the night air. Through a gap in the buildings opposite, the Pont Neuf and part of the floodlit flank of the Louvre were visible; and, to the left, above the buildings, the top half of the Eiffel tower. But Eric paid little attention to the night-time vista; it was a view he’d seen many times before, from many different angles, as he’d plundered the wealthier inhabitants of this fair city over the years.
He started edging his way along the narrow ledge. Two more metres to the window balcony and its rail to be able to clamber up. He paused for a second as he heard a distant police siren, trying to gauge its direction. It sounded as if it was speeding along the embankment or maybe along St Germain, heading his way. But he’d been careful to bypass the alarm, and he was sure that there were none he’d overlooked that might connect directly to the police or a security firm. As he heard the siren pass and fade into the distance again, he relaxed and continued his way along.
On taller buildings or more difficult climbs, he’d have come equipped with ropes and grapples and a safety-harness. But this was a cakewalk. Six-storey turn-of-the-Century building, target on the third floor, approach from the roof: variations on a theme he’d enacted so many times before, on many similar buildings, that he could have practically done it blindfolded.
The only small problem was that the light was now on in the room behind the balcony. It had come on shortly after he’d stepped from the balcony rails on his way down, and for a moment he’d worried that his movement had made a small sound to alert the people inside. But as he’d stayed stock still with his face pressed against the building, the shutters hadn’t opened. They were still shut now. Yet with the light now on – one of only two visible in the building at this hour, 2.48 a.m. – the people in the room were probably awake and therefore could more easily pick up any movement outside. 
He edged more cautiously as he got closer to the balcony, only a couple of inches at a time, keeping his breath shallow and being careful not to make any sound. After a second he could discern faint orchestral music from inside, violins building to a crescendo; then as they faded and louder voices superimposed, he realized that it was a television film. It would help mask any smaller movements, but still he’d have to be careful.
He reached out for the railings, levered deftly up and crouched on top of them. Listening again for any movement inside the room – nothing – he eased slowly up until he was standing.  
The next part was going to be trickier. The ledge above was three inches beyond his grasp. Dropping down had been easy, and making the jump up wasn’t too much of a feat: the question was, could he do it without making any noise? 
He crouched down again, ready for the spring up. He’d have to get a solid grip with both hands on the ledge to be sure of holding his weight. What Eric didn’t notice – his attention was fixed on the ledge – was that one of the wall screws securing the railings was missing and the other was loose and hanging by its last bit of thread. He waited expectantly a second more, breath held – still the sound of the television, nobody approaching or moving around inside the room – then leapt up.
As the full thrust of his jump hit the rail, the screw ripped loose from the wall and the railings jolted away. The railings didn’t break off completely and fall, they hung at a forty-five degree angle away from the balcony. But the affect on Eric’s jump was disastrous; its impetus was killed and he was only able to get a few fingers’ grip with one hand on the ledge.
Eric felt the strain in his arm instantly, tearing at the tendons. He couldn’t keep hold much longer; he’d have to swing up and grip on to the ledge with his other hand. But his body was angled away from his free hand, and the building was old, the plaster loose where he clutched on. As he started to swing, he could feel it crumbling beneath his fingers, white flakes and dust falling onto his face and shoulders. And now footsteps from inside the room. Heading towards the balcony! 
The pain from his stretched tendons was excruciating, a searing white-heat screaming up and through his shoulder blade. He couldn’t hang on longer! Footsteps now closer, the balcony windows being opened behind the shutters. With one last desperate lunge, Eric swung again and reached out with his free hand. But only an inch from making contact the plaster crumbled and gave way beneath his other hand, and he fell.
Only a short fall – he connected with the loose railings a few feet beneath and splayed them flat, level with the balcony floor. But he was winded and in shock; it took him a second to realize where he was. Sound of the shutters’ latch opening, the right shutter swinging slowly towards him. And something else in that second that froze his heart: the concrete mushrooming up suddenly around the last stanchion holding the railings! He scrambled desperately forward to get his weight off of the railings and for a moment he thought he’d made it; he managed to get one hand and forearm on the balcony floor just before the stanchion gave way.
The base of the railings jolted his arm away as abruptly as it had made contact, then both he and the railings were sailing free into the night air. He caught a quick glimpse of a small brick wall and some dustbins four floors below, and had started to instinctively curl into a ball as he hit them and everything went black.


2

The rain pattered against the roof of André’s tent. Single, heavy droplets at first, a full seconds’ gap between each one; and then, with only a faint crack of thunder in the distance as warning, suddenly there was a deluge.
The monkeys in their cages started shrieking louder. André waved towards them and David Copell, then put his hand over one ear. He raised his voice on the mobile he was speaking into.
‘Yes, yes. That’s right. Four of them. Two of them got away before we could net them.’ On the other end of the line was Marc Goffinet in Paris. 
‘Marielle’s here with me,’ Marc commented. At his end he repeated a précis of what André had told him. ‘She’s smiling and jumping up and down.’
‘But she always does that. Isn’t she excited?’ André heard his own chuckle echoed at the other end. Equally, he could have chosen to speak first to Marielle Barbier, his other main assistant at the ISG, Institut de St Germain; but he knew that to Goffinet, now HIV positive for the past three years, the news would have more poignant significance. 
The ice-packed samples they’d been working on for the past two months had provided them with the first glimmer of a breakthrough. But they desperately needed to have live samples to go to the next stage. André glanced across at David Copell trying unsuccessfully to calm the shrieking monkeys as the thunderstorm rumbled. It was either them or chimpanzees – the only other primate to carry SIV, the monkey form of HIV, with the same R gene present as in humans. But then SIV was found in monkeys in the wild, not in Paris primate houses, and chimpanzees in the wild were a protected species. Also, André had noticed something else about the mangabeys’ immunity.
‘When will you be back?’ Marc asked.
‘A couple of days, I suppose, by the time we’ve arranged the paperwork and transport.’ Listening to the torrent outside, the mud track back to Yoko would no doubt be a quagmire by morning, the going heavy. It would probably take them five hours just to make that leg. 
‘Maybe we’ll be able to do something now for Eban,’ Marc said.
‘Let’s hope so.’ André swallowed back the lump in his throat. They could get carried away with thoughts about healing mankind, but that suddenly brought things down to earth, sharpened focus. Eban, the young Rwandan boy with AIDS they’d been treating, who, having lost his entire family to the disease, André had taken in as part of his family. That had been one of the main catalysts for this rush trip now: André knew that Eban probably didn’t have much time left. 
They were silent for a second. The thunderstorm was intensifying, a couple of heavy lightening cracks suddenly sounding close, added portent to what they might be on the edge of: life or death for Eban and countless millions more. 
David was trying to calm the monkeys by offering them nuts through the wire of the cage as André signed off. ‘I’ll phone you again just before we catch our flight.’
André went over to David. Only one of the monkeys seemed to be tempted; the other three looked on suspiciously from the back of the cage, still shrieking.
‘I wonder if those are the three females,’ David commented. ‘Sometimes I have that effect on women.’
André smiled limply. ‘We’ll have to give them names and pick out some identifying markings to know which is which.’
‘Well, that one’s got a silver bit at the end of its tail. And that one, and…’ David’s voice trailed off and he straightened up, giving up the ghost on trying to feed them. ‘Have you phoned Charlotte yet?’
‘Only the once when we first arrived.’ A subconscious prompt for David, the sound of shrieking female monkeys? His wife Charlotte’s’ erratic behaviour was little secret back at their Paris lab, and their separation sixteen months ago had done little to stem the flow of her frequent panic calls, to his home or work. When the problems hit, invariably storms-in-teacups or imagined, she phoned. ‘But I was planning to speak later to Joël and Eban, so I’ll speak to her again then. Tell her we’re on our way back.’ 
Their seven-year-old son Joël stayed with Charlotte for most of the week, Eban, two years older, except for a couple hours after school and when he was away, with him; and their daughter Veruschka, 14, spent her time equally between them.
André picked up a couple of nuts from the table to see if he’d have more luck in tempting them. The same monkey came forward to take a nut and started nibbling, but the other three stayed obstinately at the back of the cage, looking at him curiously for a second before resuming their screeching.
‘Hard to believe that finally we could be so close,’ David commented, studying the monkeys.
‘Yes, I suppose it is.’ Two years of intense, labouring research before the breakthrough with the first mangabey samples and everything suddenly picking up steam. But probably months more work still lay ahead. And right now, with them having trouble getting the monkeys to even take food from them, the prospects seemed somehow all the more distant.
Sweat beads were heavy on André’s forehead and he could see the hairs now damp on his arm as he held out the nuts by the cage. The humidity had risen probably twenty percent just in the last ten minutes of thunderstorm. Or perhaps it was residual nerves from his ordeal in the tree; it had taken Kalume and two of his men to prise him from the branch and help him down. Or the daunting challenge that now lay ahead of him: the time pressure to try and save Eban and the wider implications for legions of AIDS sufferers.
His arm reaching out became slightly blurred with sweat running into one eye, and he pictured it suddenly as the bridge he recalled from his childhood, the tombstones below it spreading into the distance. Standing on the hillside in northern Rwanda, looking over the wasted remnants of Eban’s old village, tears seared dry with the heat as he watched the few surviving elders and their children hobbling pitifully on stick-thin limbs. And each time he’d had the same memory, usually in fragmented dreams that’d awake him abruptly in the night, sweating heavily like now, the line of tombstones stretching into the distance was longer, melting into misty white infinity. No, no… too many, too many! I can’t help them all. And sometimes he’d awake to hear those words echoing from the dark corners of the room and he’d wonder whether he’d shouted them out loud or they were just echoing in his mind. 
He shook off a faint shiver. David was right. It seemed unreal that finally a cure might be so close within their grasp.

‘Can you hear me?… We’ve called for an ambulance.’
‘It should be here soon… but meanwhile you shouldn’t try and move. Can you hear us?’
Two different voices, a man and a woman. The mumble of some fainter voices in the background. 
Everything slowly faded into focus for Eric: an elderly couple leaning over him, their expressions concerned, and a group of three people behind them. 
Eric’s eyes darted from one face to another, as if ensuring that they were real, before the realization fully hit him: he was still alive! 
Then a wave of pain hit him a second later, took the edge of his elation. An ache in his right thigh as if he’d been dead-legged, but a far stronger, more searing pain higher up, in his right hip and the soft flesh just above: it felt as if he’d been stabbed with a jagged knife and it was still in him. He reached down with his right hand, but he couldn’t feel anything there except dampness from his own blood. He peered down – his vision blurring for a second as he verged dangerously close to blackout again – but as it cleared he could make out the spreading pool of blood tapering into a trickle by his right ankle, and two yards away the dustbin on its side with a heavy gout splattered around its rim.
‘Looks like he’s conscious, at least,’ the woman said.
The old man at her side scratched at his sparse grey beard. He leant closer to Eric. ‘The ambulance should be here soon. Just try and stay calm and don’t move.’ 
Eric smiled weakly at the slightly hazy face of the old man. As if moving was even an option. Then suddenly what they were saying hit him like a thunderbolt: ambulance! Registration, his ID number taken, blood tests, questions about how he fell, did he live in the building? Someone might even look in his backpack. Even if he was lucky to get through all that without raising any alarm bells, how long before the people he’d just robbed woke up to that fact and contacted the police? He’d probably hear two sets of sirens approaching, the police car following only seconds behind the ambulance!
‘I… I’ve got to go.’ He propped up on one elbow, struggling to raise the rest of his body. 
‘No, no… you shouldn’t move.’ Unease now in the old man’s voice.
‘I… I must… I… I’m okay now.’ He managed to scramble up on to one leg, but the pain from even that small movement was excruciating. He took a tentative step, and the pain shot up like a lance from his hip to his skull. He had to get clear of here, and fast. Yet it felt as if he’d struggle to make even five yards.  
The old man put one hand on his shoulder; not holding him back, but not helping him along either. ‘You shouldn’t… you could hurt yourself worse.’
Eric hobbled another step and forced a smile beyond the pain. ‘My brother’s a doctor, he’ll… he’ll see to me.’ The old man’s hand left his shoulder, but still his face was grave with worry. Another step, another pained smile. ‘Afraid of hospitals, you see. Just can’t face them.’ 
The sound of a siren now in the distance, moving closer.
‘Are you sure?’ The old man held out the same hand imploringly. ‘It sounds like the ambulance is here now.’
Eric just nodded, biting back against the pain as he shuffled away a few more steps, trying to pick up pace. He had to get away! Only one siren, but even if the police arrived hours later it wouldn’t take them long to piece it all together. They’d probably walk in the hospital while he was still in the emergency room. 
The siren was moving nearer, fast. Faster, it seemed, than he was able to shuffle away. In his jolting vision his eyes fixed desperately on the next street corner where he could turn and get out of view. 
Slightly raised voices from behind, the woman now berating the old man, presumably her husband, while he defended what else was he supposed to do to stop him from going?
Eric tried to shuffle faster. Forty yards still till the nearest turning and him being able to disappear from view of the people behind. The siren was moving closer, sounded as if it was only a couple of streets away.
He gritted his teeth hard against the pain as he hobbled. The numbness of his right leg helped him pick up pace, but each step felt like a white-hot knife thrust in his right hip and abdomen; and there was a strange liquid sensation in his stomach, as if his guts were drifting looser as he walked.
As everything swam in his vision, blurring and distorting for a second, he feared that he was going to black out before he even reached the turn-off. He’d collapse in a heap ten or twenty yards short of it for the people behind to point to.
The siren was now deafeningly loud as it cut through the stillness of the night. Eric looked hastily over his shoulder, saw it turning into the start of the road. He hobbled faster, fifteen yards, ten, the siren spinning in his head and the buildings around tilting as he fought to straighten himself, shaking off another blackout.
But just before the turning, he saw something else that froze his heart: a man rushing out of the building and talking frantically to the group of people outside. Two of them raised their hands and pointed in his direction. 
Eric darted into the turning, his heart in his throat as he shuffled hurriedly along, listening out for running footsteps from the street behind. It was difficult to pick up anything beyond the deafening wailing of the siren, which sounded still now; the ambulance had probably pulled up in front of the building. But would they too come after him? He listened out for both footsteps and the sound of the siren advancing.
The siren stayed where it was, but after a second he could pick out the rapid patter of someone running. His eyes darted frantically. He had to find somewhere to hide. The street was long: he’d still be clearly in view as the man cleared the corner! It was then that he noticed the small street on the right just ahead. He shuffled hurriedly across and into it.
But still his eyes shifted from side to side in search of a hiding place. The man behind would gain on him rapidly, he’d probably still be visible in the side street as the man came level with it.
A sweet, acrid smell hit his nose, stabbed his brain like raw ammonia. The buildings around started to tilt again, but this time everything was grey.
He staggered and held one arm out blindly, felt his hand connect roughly with the wall to one side as he half toppled. He leant his shoulder against the wall and took deep breaths, trying to claw back from getting dragged completely under. The sudden, urgent patter of footsteps in the street behind snapped him awake again. And something else now in the distance: the sound of another two sirens! The man had probably called the police before bolting downstairs from his apartment.
His eyes scanned desperately for a quick hiding place, and came to rest on a large street-bin eight yards along on the other side of the road, half of it tucked in where the building recessed back two feet, the other half sticking out into the pavement. It wasn’t ideal, but it was all there was.
Eric shuffled across, the footsteps in the street behind pressing ever nearer, the sound of the sirens growing. He lunged the last few feet to get behind it, not sure if he’d completely gone from view before the man came level with the street.
He heard the feet shuffle to a stop, the man pausing, looking down the street. Eric held his breath. Seven full seconds with the man stood there – though for Eric it felt far longer – then he ran on. Eric’s breath fell unevenly from exertion and panic as he eased it out again. He knew that his relief could be short-lived. How long before the man realized that he hadn’t run on and headed back? And the police sirens were close now, very little separated their sound from that of the ambulance. They’d be able to scour all the neighbouring streets with ease. His own car was four blocks away, he’d never be able to make it that far without being caught. 
Eric watched a small trickle of his blood run under the rubbish bin as he crouched, and his stomach sank. He wasn’t going to get away! He’d be stuck there for the man or the police to find – if he didn’t die meanwhile.
Then he noticed the wooden door inset in a large garage door further along the street. He scrambled towards it. The police sirens were now static, seemed to be falling almost in unison with the ambulance siren. Obviously they’d already arrived at the building, were probably right now being told in which direction he’d run! He yanked off his backpack as he got in front of the door, fumbling in one of its side pockets for his lock picks.
Like André’s building and so many others in Paris, the garage door probably led into a parking courtyard for the neighbouring buildings. At this time in the morning it should be quiet, nobody around.
Eric’s hand trembled on the picks as he probed the door lock. The police sirens were moving again, heading his way! He’d always prided himself on being able to pick almost any lock, and this should be a simple tumbler variety – but could he do it with his focus swimming and the sound of sirens filling the night, drowning out the delicate clicking of the tumblers he needed to listen for? Or before those sirens closed in on him? Or the man running, he reminded himself, as he heard the patter of rapid footsteps returning. Probably he’d reached the end of the street and decided to head back. One of the cars, from the sound of its siren, had turned into the adjoining road, was almost upon him.
He felt the last couple of tumblers slip back, and with one last frantic turn of the pick he opened the door and leapt inside just as the police car passed. He prayed that they hadn’t seen him, but then a few yards past the turning they stopped. Either they had, or they’d met up with the man running back. Eric counted off the wait almost in time with his heavy, ponderous heartbeat and his laboured breathing against the back of the door – then came the sound of the car reversing and turning into the street. 
His heartbeat pounded heavier as the car approached. As it came to within a few yards, he held his breath, his every nerve on a tripwire as he listened out for it slowing or stopping. 
But it slowly, ever so slowly, drifted past – though he didn’t let out his breath again until it was almost at the end of the street.
Oh God. He closed his eyes as he leant back against the wall behind. At thirty-seven, he was getting too old for this: scurrying around the streets like a hunted rat, the night air filled with sirens. And he’d still need help to get clear: they’d probably trawl the neighbourhood for a good hour or more before giving up.
He took out his mobile and dialled André’s number. It went into a recorded message:
‘I’m away now until the twenty-sixth of March. Leave a message after the tone, or if you wish contact my secretary on –’
Eric dialled straight out to Hervé, his eldest brother. It answered after the fourth ring.
‘Oui. Hello.’ Hervé’s voice was tentative, groggy.
‘Hervé! It’s Eric. I’m… I’m in a spot of trouble.’ He kept his voice hushed but urgent. Even then it seemed to echo slightly in the confines of the small courtyard. He glanced anxiously along the short driveway to the ring of parked cars and the buildings behind. He should be safe here for a little while – unless somebody heard him.
‘What sort of trouble?’ More alert now. 
No Zut alors! or expletives for the late hour he was calling, just instant, unreserved concern. But then that, his profession aside, was so often Hervé’s nature.
‘Well, it’s… it’s a long story.’ Eric glanced down at the blood droplets dripping rapidly from his thigh and hitting the ground. ‘I… I’ve had an accident. A bad accident… and I can’t drive. I need someone to pick me up.’ Eric pressed his other hand into his stomach; his guts felt loose and awash, as though if he moved the hand they might fall away.
‘Yes… okay. But shouldn’t you be calling for an ambulance and seeing a doctor?’
Eric smiled to himself at the thought of trying to explain that he’d spent the last frantic minutes avoiding an ambulance. ‘That’s another long story. I really need someone I know and can trust to pick me up. That’s why I’ve called you, Hervé.’
‘Yes, yes… of course. Where are you?’
Eric’s nerves bristled. He could hear one of the sirens moving closer towards him. The second police car, or the first heading back for a second look?
‘Ah...’ Eric only remembered the street where he’d done the robbery. ‘A block over from Rue Linoille on the West Bank.’
The sound of paper rustling at Hervé’s end as he wrote. ‘Okay.’
The siren was moving closer, practically at the end of the street. But suddenly everything was tilting again, the grey film behind his eyes washing in. The siren echoed and spun in his head and the sweet ammonia smell stung his sinuses, making his eyes water.
‘Phone my mobile when you get to Rue Linoille. And hurry, Hervé, I’m losing blood quickly. I… I don’t know how much –’
But at that moment the grey verged to black and the floor rushed up to meet him.
Hervé shouted ‘Hello!’ a couple of times into the silent phone before jumping up for his clothes. 
He was going to throw on just jeans and a sweater, but then his hand moved across and reached for his priest’s robes. He had a feeling they might come in useful on this journey.


3

They’d had to stop twice on their way back to Douala. The first stop was just to shift a small tree that had fallen over the narrow mud road and they lost little time. But on the second stop the last in their convoy of four Land Rovers got stuck in a foot-deep mud quagmire, and the more they revved its engine and spun its wheels, the deeper entrenched it became. This time they found themselves putting small branches and loose twigs back on the road, packing the mud to be able to get some traction on its wheels, and they lost almost forty minutes. 
The sun was quite strong by the time they got clear of the jungle, most of the rising mist vapours had burnt off, and the panorama beyond – Cameroon Highlands scrub with a random patchwork of farm fields – seemed to stretch endlessly. But just before 7 p.m. that night, another heavy thunderstorm hit. It rattled and banged in the background while André was on the phone at Douala airport to Charlotte, and at one point he had to repeat himself.
‘I said… did they both get off to school okay?’
‘Yes, yes… of course. Why?’
‘Well, when we spoke earlier, you were in a bit of a rush.’ André avoided the first word that came to mind: panic. ‘You were worried whether you’d get them ready on time. And you said you’d also had a bit of trouble with the car the other day.’ 
‘Oh, yes… yes. It started okay in the end. On the button.’
But when he asked if she managed finally to sort out a shirt, and she said ‘What shirt?’ he quit while he was ahead, settled for one out of two of the problems she’d voiced when they’d last spoken. If he pressed she’d only get anxious again, worried that she wasn’t coping. That had been his worry – leaving Eban with her when often she had trouble coping just with Joël – but no point in voicing it, adding pressure. And though she had Veruschka to help, that often created problems of its own. Her and her mother were seeing less eye to eye as the years progressed. He lowered his voice a note. ‘How has Eban been?’
‘Didn’t you speak to him earlier?’
‘Yes, but only briefly. He said he’s been okay. But how has he really been?’
‘Well…’ She mulled the question over for a second. ‘He picked at his meal a couple of nights ago, didn’t really eat that much, and he looked tired. But he’s been okay since, has eat better and been more lively.’ She let out a tired breath. ‘Sometimes it’s hard to believe that he’s so ill.’
‘I know. I know. He’s very brave.’
‘Sometimes I probably seem a lot sicker.’ She forced a weak chuckle.
André made sure not to respond to that. He glanced over towards David at the far end of the room, whose voice had raised as he jabbed one finger at some papers and stressed a point with a couple of customs officials. They thought they’d get all the paperwork sorted out with hours to spare before their flight – now he was beginning to wonder. ‘Looks like David needs my help. I’ll phone you again as soon as we’ve landed in Paris: early tomorrow morning, your time – as long as it’s not delayed.’
He signed off, and they managed to get the paperwork concluded just twelve minutes before their flight, by which time André was exhausted. Though it was over an hour into the flight before André’s nerves finally wound down from all the rush and panic and he managed to sleep.
In the last forty minutes of André sorting out the paperwork, David had gone across to tend to the mangabeys. He pointed to one of them and looked worried as André joined him by their cage. 
‘Little Anouk is still not taking food.’
They’d decided to name them after Sixties film stars – Brigitte, Catherine, Anouk and Alain. Anouk was the smallest and youngest female, probably only two or three years old. Another two had started to take some nuts and fruit during the last leg of their drive to Douala, but Anouk had stayed obstinately at the back of the cage. All of them had got past the frantic, shrieking stage, had started to accept their cage and their surroundings. Though still they looked on with suspicion and caution, even more so when they took food, except for Anouk; she avoided anything but brief eye contact, and looked sullen, morose, her eyes weary.
André started to fear for her health with no food or liquid taken for so many hours, and so they decided to give her a liquid glucose feed through a pipette.
It was difficult to get her to take it, and she fired a few weak shrieks before André finally got the pipette in her mouth. She looked up at André with weak, pleading eyes as she started to suckle, and at one point she reached up and grabbed at André’s ponytail.
‘I told you to get rid of that thing,’ David remarked with a smile.
‘Just when do I ever get a chance to go to the hairdressers?’ Seven years ago when he’d first adopted the style, it was considered chic and stylish; but now at forty-three with the first tinges of grey in his light-brown hair, he risked looking like an ageing hippie. He could have added: When do I get a chance to buy new clothes? Or get a builder in to see to all the small things that had been wrong with his new apartment since he’d moved in sixteen months ago? Or devote some time to try and bridge the widening gap between him and Charlotte? Outside of his research and Eban, Joël and Veruschka, he had little time for anything or anyone else, least of all himself. But the rest of it, unsaid, just hung in the silence between them as Anouk continued suckling on the pipette.
He was still worried about Anouk as they rushed for their flight – he’d have liked her to have taken more glucose feed before such a long journey – and part of that replayed in his dream as he slept on the plane: her large, pleading eyes staring up at him as she suckled and tugged at his ponytail. Then it became Eban reaching out to him: ‘Help me… help me! Please don’t let me die.’ A sudden flash of lightning and a shriek and the image was yanked back to the monkey, now screaming in terror, its eyes wide as the thunderstorm flashed and rumbled around them. 
André pleaded with it, ‘Please take the food… please take it.’ But the monkey kept its head turned obstinately from the pipette, its eyes seeming to grow wider in terror as they fixed on something to his side. It shrieked excitedly and yanked harder on his ponytail.  
André turned to his side to see the snake, but this time it held its raised striking position, staring transfixed at him and the monkey. The monkey’s shrieking became wilder, its teeth and gums bared in a rictus, ghostly in the next lightning flash. But with the monkey’s incessant yanking on his ponytail, André became suddenly afraid of losing his grip on the branch, and his vision was drawn to the drop below. It tilted and swayed sickeningly below him, and he pleaded with the monkey to stop pulling. ‘Please… please stop! Otherwise I’ll fall.’
But it continued to pull, so hard now that he could feel the hair starting to tear from his scalp, its shrieking deafening: a kaleidoscope blur of the monkey, the snake and the drop below lit starkly by lightning, spun in his head. He struggled to cling on to the branch, but with one final yank and shriek he felt the last of his grip wrenched free, and he was falling… falling…
He woke up with a jolt just before he hit the ground, his mouth dry as he swallowed. He rubbed at his eyes and saw distant lightning as he looked out of the plane window.
‘Storm over the Atlas Mountains,’ David at his side commented. ‘We should be through it in about ten minutes, the pilot said.’
André just nodded, his throat too tight and parched to speak. The jumbo pitched and yawed as he took a few gulps from the bottled water he’d tucked in the seat-back.
He thought the dream was merely a product of the madness and rush of the last few days. But when he landed in Paris and Charlotte told him about Hervé’s frantic call in the middle of the night and he phoned Hervé and heard the full horror of the story, he began to wonder. 

The New York conference hall was packed to capacity. As the presenter finished his introductory speech and stepped aside with one arm held out, the large screen behind him came to life.
Warren Gifford’s image filled it. A trim figure in his mid fifties with close-cropped stone grey hair and blue-grey eyes twinkling out of a lean and angular tanned face. He was sat by an ornate white wrought iron table with a pool and tabled lawn as a backdrop, Roman statues and topiary hedges flanking a path that ran through it into the distance.	
	It was like one of those live Hollywood telecasts from an actor who unfortunately couldn’t be at the Oscar or Tony awards that night; someone who regularly played tennis and had a private fitness instructor in order to remain lean and trim in their advancing years. Except that when the camera moved in close, the faint grey-yellow tinge to the whites of Gifford’s eyes could be picked up and his skin appeared slightly loose and creased, his leanness the result of muscle waste and rapid weight loss. And everyone in the conference hall knew that Warren Gifford had died some eight months before, this speech recorded probably only weeks before his death. The image and voice on screen were from the grave.
	‘I’m glad you could all make it. But then, as I know all too well, money can be a powerful draw.’ A well-timed glance to one side, an expression of regret. He must have gone over this speech a hundred times before finally putting it on video. ‘Though as I was soon to discover, it couldn’t buy everything. It couldn’t buy what was most important to me: my life. Not even, in the end, a bit more time.’ He looked back directly at the camera. ‘God wouldn’t be bargained with.’
	Even in death, Gifford was a consummate audience player, had the hushed auditorium hanging on his every word. But then, awaiting the announcement of the largest medical awards ever known, Gifford had expected no less.
	He talked about his long fight against cancer. Two years, three years maximum he’d been given; in the end he’d lasted nine years. He talked about the brave team of doctors who’d fought bravely to try and save him, and acknowledged them now by lifting one hand. ‘…Particularly Larry Bernstein, Jeff Warrell and Vicky Kramer.’
	Two-thirds of the way back and to the right, Larry Bernstein tamely lifted one hand in response while Warrell and Kramer just smiled as a number of heads in the audience turned towards them, a light murmur rising. 
	Two rows from the front, Dr Julius Chisholm turned to his colleagues, Murray Kalpenski, Russ Hebbard and Danielle Stolk, with a wry smile. ‘He certainly knows how to play us all, the old dog.’ 
On screen, uncannily, Gifford’s gaze went directly to where Bernstein waved back at him. The seat positions and camera angles had obviously been set up in advance.
The seating was arranged more or less in order of importance, with the leading cancer research institutes taking up the front rows. As much as Bernstein and his team had been important personally to Gifford, they were cancer treatment specialists and surgeons – the last back-stop in trying to stop the disease’s progress.
As Treasurer and one of five main board members of the Spheros Institute in Philadelphia, a trailblazer in cancer research for the past decade, Dr Julius Chisholm had earned his place among the front rows. Murray Kalpenski had headed up the Spheros’s cancer research division for the past three years, and Hebbard and Stolk were two of his leading proteges. 
At thirty-six, Stolk was the youngest of the group, with two years on Hebbard, sixteen on Kalpenski and twenty on Chisholm. Attractive, vivacious even in their normally dull lab environment, she had dark hair and bright, dark eyes, though her features were somewhat angular, pinched: the only warning of the harsher, sterner mettle that Chisholm knew lurked beneath. Hebbard too, with tight-knit brown curls and a ruddy face as if he was permanently angry or excited, Chisholm had earmarked as showing strong ambition and promise, though in a different way. They probably thought they’d been asked along today purely because they were Kalpenski’s rising stars. But Chisholm had requested their presence because he had plans for them; plans that went far beyond the tight confines of Kalpenski’s purely academic grasp. Particularly given how he expected everything to rapidly change after Gifford’s announcement. What he hadn’t decided yet was which one of them he was going to put in the frame: Stolk or Hebbard?
The murmur of the auditorium died as Gifford’s voice came over again.
	‘You will probably all remember the press interviews years ago when I first discovered I had cancer, and I vowed that I was going to “beat it”.’
If indeed anyone in the auditorium had forgotten, that bold statement had been revived and rammed posthumously down Gifford’s throat in the press before his body was barely cold: ‘Cancer finally beats Gifford…’ ‘One battle Gifford couldn’t win’.
	A second-generation oil magnate and for almost two decades America’s richest man before the new wave of computer and Internet billionaires dropped his ranking to third, Gifford’s death – as had much of his life – dominated the news. 
A sly smile crossed Gifford’s face. ‘Never one to openly lie or mislead, or to be proven wrong – what I didn’t say is whether or not I’d beat it within my own lifetime.’ A pause for effect as Gifford’s expression became serious again, his jaw jutting determinedly. ‘But beat it, I will – that you can be sure of. Whether it takes ten years, or twenty, or a hundred!’ Gifford fixed his gaze unflinchingly towards the camera, but his eyes held a slightly distant look, as if they were focused on something slightly beyond his audience’s grasp. ‘Which brings us all together now. More cancer specialists in one room than probably at any time before, all wondering what the future of cancer research might hold.’
As Gifford came to the meat of what his audience had been waiting for, a muted rustling ran through the auditorium: a slight shifting of nervous expectancy, or perhaps the medical journalists starting to take notes. 
‘…The first will be the Gifford Associate Researcher Award, given annually in the amount of three million dollars. To be adjusted for inflation every four years by a nominated accounting firm.’ Gifford’s eyes did a slow pan of the audience and his mouth curled into an enigmatic smile, clearly relishing these purposeful pauses, the thrall of expectancy in which he knew he held his audience at that moment. ‘And the main prize, granted every four years, will be the Gifford Founding Researcher Award…’ Another slight pause as he gently moistened his lips. ‘In the amount of twelve million dollars – once again inflation adjusted every four years. I know… I know.’ Gifford held up one hand, as if anticipating the hubbub that arose around the auditorium. ‘But that’s not all. In addition, the winner will also receive ongoing research funding of another one million dollars a year for the following seven years.’ 
The hubbub became more excitable, rising to a clamour as the first ripples of applause broke out.
‘Much larger than we expected,’ Kalpenski commented.
‘Yes, much larger.’ Chisholm agreed. The medical community had speculated between three and six million dollars, but nothing on this scale.  
But looking into Gifford’s keen eyes on screen, now twinkling with a slight moistness as he kept the same hand raised in acknowledgement of the rising applause, a Pontiff calming his throng, Chisholm was sure that Gifford knew the game all too well: that at this level of cancer research, it was as much about big money and power-jostling as it was about bright, inventive minds. And that his money would be just the tip of the iceberg. Twenty-times larger than any Nobel award, other investment funding would follow like mice to the piper, as would no doubt a flood of stock investments. The winner of the Gifford would sweep the board on all fronts, and the rest of the research establishment would be left swimming in its wake.
And Gifford had probably drawn a strange delight from all the wrangling that he knew would follow, Chisholm surmised. Having spent the last nine years with his life juggled in the hands of doctors and specialists probing and testing and pumping him with one drug after another while his body and self-esteem withered to a wrinkled shell, Gifford had no doubt relished that reversal of manipulation. Turning the tables on those who had the power over life or death by now making them dance to his tune: from now on, the future of every cancer researcher worth his salt rested in Gifford’s hands. In death, he’d been able to do what he’d ultimately discovered he’d been unable to in life: play God.
‘One thing’s for sure,’ Chisholm commented as he joined in with the applause of the auditorium audience, many of whom were now standing up. ‘The future of cancer research is never going to be the same again.’

David Copell read the news about the Gifford Awards on page four of the International Herald Tribune as their cab headed into the city from Orly airport.
‘Just the sort of funding boost we could do with for AIDS research,’ he commented to André.
‘Yes… yes, it is.’ André was slightly lost in his own thoughts, staring blankly out of the side window as they turned off of the Rue Periphique.
	‘It made page seven in Le Mondé,’ David added, trying to spark some interest from André.
	André glanced back briefly at the newspaper laid between them in the back of the taxi. ‘Sorry… Yes. I’ll read it later. Lot on my mind right now. Already planning ahead so that everything runs smoothly when the mangabeys arrive, and I’m concerned also about how little Anouk might have fared with the long journey.’ 
‘And about Eban?’
‘Yes, that too. That too.’ André went back to staring out through the taxi window, his expression taut. The lie that he’d told David just after signing off from Charlotte and hearing about Herve’s call: ‘Eban’s apparently not very well. Got a high fever. Hopefully it’s just Charlotte panicking more than she should.’ He’d then excused himself saying he had to go to the washroom for a moment, then made the return call to Hervé from a payphone as soon as he was out of sight of David.
David picked up Le Mondé and studied the article again, his eyes rapidly scanning. ‘Lot of column inches, at least.’ Two years now he’d been in Paris from his native Baltimore with his wife, Pamela; his spoken French was passable, but he was still some way from being able to follow lengthy written passages in French. 
André knew that even with the preoccupations he’d voiced to David, he still should have shown more interest in the article. It had been one of his pet beefs for so long: AIDS put way down the list when it came to research funding. First there’d been the homophobes and moral purists who said that it only effected sexual deviants and drug addicts, so there wasn’t much to worry about for ‘normal’ people; then came the religious zealots who claimed that it was a disease cast down from God to rid the earth of the sodomites and the impure. It wasn’t until AIDS started to spread to the heterosexual community and college girls contracted it from visits to their dentist and infants from blood transfusions, that the public at large and politicians finally sat up and took notice and research funding raised above its previous pathetic trickle.
Those sectors worst affected – the arts, fashion and music – had rallied round strongly, raising funds through benefit concerts and dinners and showing documentaries about how the disease had ravaged countless millions across Africa. But it was still a case of ‘It’s over there – not here.’ If people were dropping like flies in downtown Chicago, London or Paris, it might have been different. But as things stood, mainstream funding for AIDS research paled in comparison to cancer research, and now, with the Gifford Awards, that gap was even wider.  
But it was difficult to focus on the broader picture when he was besieged by so many crises close to home: Eban, Charlotte, a famished infant mangabey called Anouk, and now Eric.
He’d planned to have an evening in with Eban and Veruschka and had promised to have Joël over too: a respite for Charlotte, plus she had some fashion dinner planned. A chance to hug them all and then a quiet moment alone with Eban, smiling encouragingly as he ruffled the boy’s hair and told him than now, finally, there was some hope in sight. A successful gene therapy treatment was still probably some six to eight months away – depending how their lab work went – but it was something at least to help ease the shadows from the boy’s eyes. 
‘Please hurry! I’ve bandaged Eric as best I can – but he’s lost a lot of blood. I don’t know how much longer he can last.’ The urgency of the words was bad enough, but it was the undertone in the voice and thinking about Hervé’s usual nature that now sent a shiver of unease up his spine. Hervé was usually the calming voice of the family, the one to soothe and play down the panics and gloom. 
	André had protested that he wasn’t that kind of doctor and besides, from the sound of it, Eric urgently needed to be in a hospital, and Hervé had thrown at him Eric’s fear that the police would have alerted hospitals because they knew he was injured. ‘I argued exactly the same with him, but he said that he’d rather run the risk than face prison. You know what he’s like – he can be very obstinate.’
A horn blared ahead and their taxi lurched to a halt as it hit a tail back of cars on Avenue Wagram. André glanced at his watch. 
‘Six O’clock they said for the mangabeys arriving. I’ll see how I go with Eban when I get him back to my place. But if he’s as bad as Charlotte makes out and I can’t get away later – can you sort everything out?’ The second part of his cover-up lie: Eban being ill allowed him to steal some time away. ‘Maybe get Marc or Marielle to go out there with you?’
	‘Sure, sure – no problem.’
	‘And if I can’t make it, keep a special eye on Anouk for me, will you? If she still won’t take food, perhaps put her on a drip back at the lab.’
‘Yeah, will do.’ David folded the two newspapers back on the seat between them. ‘Maybe more glucose too as soon as she’s out of the crate. We might be a while with Customs.’
André nodded and lightly clasped David’s arm in thanks. He knew already that he wouldn’t make it back in time. He’d pick up his car and head straight out to see Hervé and Eric in Nemours, the small village forty miles south of Paris where their mother still lived and Hervé had been priest for the last four years. The village where André had spent most of his childhood and held so many memories; and now perhaps a few more dark memories to add to the pile, André thought.
He felt his hand start to tremble as he lifted it from David’s arm. Despite having slept on the flight, he still felt tired, his nerves jaded. He wasn’t sure he was ready to face whatever horrors awaited him at Nemours.
 

4

André followed the beam from Hervé’s torch as Hervé led the way along the arched passage. The ceiling height at the apex of the arch was a good foot above their heads, but it tapered down quickly at each side with the curve of the arch. 
	As they’d headed down towards the passage, André had questioned Hervé if going to these lengths wasn’t a bit extreme, and Hervé had said that it wasn’t so much keeping Eric hidden, it was the bloodstains. It had taken him over an hour to clean up everything upstairs from bandaging Eric in the kitchen. 
‘There’s too many people calling in and out upstairs – the church caretaker, the cleaners. I was afraid they might see the bloodstains, become alerted. And if the police did call round at short notice, I just wouldn’t have been able to clean up in time.’
	Bloodstains. André could see the splatters at regular intervals in the stark torch beam as they made their way along. Despite Hervé’s bandaging, Eric’s was obviously still losing blood heavily. 
	At the end of the passage, André could see a pile of discarded furniture with a glimpse of the church catacombs beyond above a large mahogany wardrobe. The passage ran under the small road separating the church from Hervé’s house, the first in a row of village houses built at the same time as the church in the mid 1800s. It had always been the priest’s house, the passage so that he could magically appear for services without having to mix with the congregation. But modern day priesthood was very much hands-on and Hervé considered himself at the hub of community life in Nemours. He’d always felt at home there, probably why he’d finally asked for the transfer from Paris. Hervé never used the passage to get to the church and it had increasingly become a repository for discarded and broken furniture from the church and his house. They edged by a pew as Hervé shone the torch on a door to their left. 
‘I put him in here.’ 
Hervé swung the door open. A light was on inside the small room, no more than eleven foot square. Hervé kept his torch on more to point the way, its beam flickering past some more broken pews and old chairs before coming to rest on Eric’s legs dangling over the side of a desk, the rest of his body obscured by a tall grey metal cabinet.
	André hissed in his breath as Eric’s prone figure came fully into view. He was laid flat on his back, a heavy blood patch spreading across the desktop and running in tentacle strands down its side like some ghoulish scene from a medieval torture chamber.   
 	Eric registered André’s presence with a guttural groan and brief eye contact as André came in close and examined the bandaging on the left side of his abdomen. Then Eric’s eyes drifted slightly away again.
	‘He’s been in and out of consciousness practically since I picked him up,’ Hervé said. ‘But in the last few hours there’s been hardly any lucid, conscious moments.’
André traced one finger lightly around the bandaged area. ‘What did you clean the wound with, if anything?’
	‘Water, then brandy and some mercurochrome. But I had very little mercurochrome left.’ Hervé pointed to an empty plastic bottle on the shelf behind.  
	‘And to ease his pain, if anything?’
	‘More brandy.’ Hervé smiled weakly. ‘I had plenty of that – but I stopped after he’d had a tumblerful. I wasn’t sure how it might react with whatever you wanted to give him.’  
	‘When did he have that?’
‘Two-thirds of a tumbler in the first hour or so of us getting here at four this morning. Then the last bit just a few hours ago.’
	André went through the rest of his check-list – any other liquid taken? Any food? Time the accident happened? – as he took Eric’s temperature and blood pressure, timed his pulse and checked his mouth and throat for signs of blood: 101.5. 86 over 49. Pulse weak. But at least it looked like there were no lung ruptures. Sweat beads raised on André’s forehead from the flurry of activity, and mounting worry. Blood loss so heavy that operating without a transfusion would be an enormous risk, and acute dehydration. A saline drip would ease the dehydration, but would it also expand blood volume enough until he could get fresh blood? That had been one of his first main worries: Eric’s blood type.  He looked around the grimy cellar.
	‘We’re going to have to move him back upstairs,’ he said. ‘I can turn your kitchen into a makeshift operating room. Just. But not here. I’m going to need fresh running water, boiling water and disinfectant. And electricity plugs and better light.’   
	‘But what if somebody calls by and…’ Hervé’s objection trailed off as he met André’s penetrating gaze. André had already moved around behind Eric and had his hands under his shoulders. ‘I… I suppose if there’s no other way.’ Hervé took Eric’s legs and they lifted.
	André explained his worry about Eric’s rare blood type – Vel, only 1 in 4,000 occurrence – as they took Eric upstairs, laid him flat on the kitchen table and André made preparations. ‘I put a call out for some before I headed here. But it might be hard to find at such short notice.’
Hervé nodded as he helped André set up the gurney for the drip; he recalled that Eric’s blood type was rare. ‘But I thought that when he had his appendix out – what, twelve years back now – they simply gave him O type blood. That it was a sort of common denominator.’
	‘Yes, that’s so. But that’s exactly what has caused the problem now.’ André attached the intravenous feed and started the drip. ‘You can give universal O blood to a Vel recipient only once. After that antibodies develop and it can’t be repeated: the only blood that will be accepted is the same type, Vel. Let’s see how they’re going with tracking some down.’ He peeled off his surgical gloves and took his mobile from his jacket slung over a chair-back. His speech rapidly became a series of sporadic, staccato confirmations. ‘Oui, Jaques. Oui. I see. When? Well, if that’s the best could be done. Thanks. Good work.’ He rang off.
	André looked anxiously at his watch. His contact at the blood bank that supplied ISG, who in turn were part of a network of blood banks around Paris, had struck gold on the fifth one phoned. But with the added time for the courier to get out to Nemours, they’d have to wait almost another hour for the Vel to arrive.
	Fifteen minutes was killed with André setting up a small unit to monitor Eric’s pulse rate and blood pressure and to lay out his instruments. He turned to Hervé. ‘You’re going to have to help me. Be my assistant.’
	Hervé looked uncertainly between the instruments and the monitor. ‘I… I’m not sure how much use I’ll –’
	‘It’s either that or in a while you can do what you are more used to,’ André cut in. ‘Give our brother the last rights.’ Seeing the crestfallen, hurt look on Hervé’s face, André quickly added, ‘Sorry, that was uncalled for. I’m annoyed with him, not you. Putting us through having to do this when he should be in a hospital.’ Whatever Eric’s chances were, the long delay and operating under these circumstances severely reduced them. And once he removed Eric’s bandages, he’d be confronted with the sort of hands-on cut-and-stitch work he hadn’t done since medical school. All of it went against the grain of the perfectionism honed during his years in research: painstaking planning and getting the odds as high as possible in their favour, and still so often they faced failure. Yet this time failure didn’t just mean heading back to the lab bench to re-work everything for a few more weeks or months, it meant his brother’s life.
André felt the pressure of it weigh heavily on him. He fought to control the tremor in his hands as he gave Eric a local anaesthetic and then a general one of Ropivacaine, reducing dosage because of the whisky Eric had drunk. Then he waited for them to take effect. An anxious twenty minutes watching the monitors as Eric’s breathing became even and shallow, with whatever small talk could be struck up between him and Hervé – how was mother? How had his trip to Cameroon gone? – made all the more trivial by Eric clinging to life beside them.
	André started unwrapping the bandages twenty minutes before the Vel was due to arrive. Eric was losing blood despite the bandages and he should make a start on trying to stem it. But he was unprepared for the copious fresh flow once they were removed, and a frantic couple of minutes ensued before he was able to see the rupture in the lining of Eric’s spleen. In that position, André knew that it had to be either the liver or the spleen, but the blood loss was too heavy for the liver. He’d have to be careful; one suture put in too strongly could pierce the spleen membrane and septicaemia set in. 
	Staccato, urgent calls to Hervé for each fresh instrument required, not daring to look up for a second as he probed and stitched, the activity in a perverse way bonding them – their working so closely in harmony and what was at stake.
	But without the proper vacuum-sucker to clean the area from the constant flow of blood, it was hard to see clearly. André put the third suture in place, but blood seepage still seemed as strong.
	Sweat beads massed on his forehead and ran into one eye, blurring his vision, and for a moment he felt dizzy, as if he was falling again. Hervé dabbed at his forehead with a cloth. Closer than they’d been for years; but then so often the best and worst had brought them together. The worst. André felt as if a heavy, cold cloak had suddenly been laid over his shoulders, a chill coursing through him as if in warning that this moment was somehow different, far darker than any that had brought them together before. When Eric’s blood pressure dipped sharply to 43, the chill turned to an icy stab. He began to fear that he’d seriously miscalculated.
	He looked anxiously at Hervé’s kitchen clock: still ten minutes to the Vel arriving, yet he needed to transfuse right now! Eric had lost far too much blood. A steady trickle ran over the side of the kitchen table and the tile floor was slippery and sticky with it beneath their feet. 41…40.
	André shouted to Hervé to tighten the arterial clamp. But with the fourth suture in place and Eric’s blood loss still heavy and his blood pressure dipping sharply again to 37 in only seconds, André felt the last hopes slipping away. They were rapidly losing Eric and there was little left he could do to save him.

‘What time would that have been?’
Inspector Donnet hovered over the desk as his assistant, Lieutenant Martot, one of his team working the Rue Linoille burglary, took details over the phone. The second breakthrough they’d had in tracking down requests for Vel type blood over the past fourteen hours. Martot had waved urgently towards Donnet as soon as he realized he’d hit gold.
	‘Six thirty-four this morning. Hospitalier Ste-Anne, you say.’ Martot repeated the highlights for Donnet’s benefit as he took notes. ‘Male, twenty-eight years old. A car accident. Are they sure about that?’ Martot’s raised eyebrow knitted into a slight frown as he scribbled another line. ‘I see. Yes, right.’
	‘Were there any witnesses to the accident?’ Donnet asked.
Martot put one hand over the mouthpiece as he looked up. ‘They say the man was brought in by an emergency team who attended the accident and actually cut him free from his car. So it looks pretty conclusive.’
‘Yes, it does. It does.’ Donnet grimaced tautly. ‘Thank them and keep trying.’ He turned and headed back to his office.  Strike two.
This was the seventh such robbery with a similar MO in the last two years since Donnet had transferred to the 14th Arondissement: jewellery and portable antiques and art – anything that could be put easily in a knapsack – with a value in excess of 2,000,000F; difficult to near impossible access, alarms easily bypassed, no trace left of fingerprints or fibres. 
	The 14th Arondissement saw scores of robberies annually due to its residents’ wealth and its historical caché, but most fell well under the 500,000F mark. High value robberies were thankfully rare. But because of the size of such robberies and because on occasions the victims were famous, they attracted a disproportionate degree of media and police attention. Only seven such robberies in two years, but that was seventy-five percent more than that notched up by any other Paris Arondissement, and with each one Donnet had become increasingly determined to nail them. No fingerprints, no fibre traces, nothing – until now.
The perpetrator had graciously left a few litres of his blood at the scene. Still he reminded himself not to get too excited: unless they hit gold with a DNA profile already on computer, they’d still need a suspect in hand to be able to run a match. 
	But with the news from forensics two hours ago, his hopes had swiftly risen: rare blood group with sufficient lost to warrant urgent transfusion. ‘Not many requests for Vel will have come in over the past twelve hours, and with any luck your man could be among the recipients. Unless it’s a first transfusion, in which case ‘O’ type blood could be used.’
	He’d put three of his team immediately on phone canvassing of city blood banks. Strike one had come in after only forty minutes: a late fifties woman with complications after a hysterectomy. Now strike two.
	When strike three came in twenty minutes later – a medical lab, ISG, supplied to further their retro-virus and AIDS research – and the next hour passed with no fresh leads and there were only two blood banks left on their list to check, Donnet’s hopes began to fade again. 
	It had obviously been the thief’s first transfusion. They weren’t going to strike lucky this time either.

Night time neon struck in more frequent, staccato bursts across Hervé’s profile – turned intermittently towards André in the back seat hunched over Eric – as they hit the outskirts of Paris. 
	Hervé’s countenance was worn and harrowed in the pale city night-light. The eldest of the brothers by six years and still handsome at fifty-one despite his fast-receding, greying hair, his energy and bright-eyed alertness made him seem ten years younger. Warm, deeply-hooded brown eyes that somehow made you feel you were the only focus in a room when they settled on you. André and Eric often teased that if it wasn’t for his chosen vocation, he could have had a wild, debauched time in Nemours. They were sure that he got more than his fair share of female confessions just so that lonely widows – and a few married and not so lonely – could feel those eyes settle on them and melt with compassion at their stories. 
But with the panic with Eric, André had seen the years piled suddenly back on, the compassion in Hervé’s eyes giving way to raw fear with each scream for a fresh instrument as the chances of saving Eric slipped rapidly away. 
	‘Hurry, Hervé. Hurry! I don’t know how much longer he’ll hold out.’ Again now, three hours later, he was back to shouting again, pleading for Eric’s life.
	‘I know.’ Hervé nodded solemnly as he picked up speed, his shoulders sagging slightly, as if he could hardly bear the weight of any more worries or years being piled back on.
	They’d saved Eric with probably only minutes to spare, and André was all too keenly aware that it had been more by dint of good luck than planning: he’d managed finally to stem the blood flow and the courier with the Vel had arrived five minutes earlier than anticipated. But he knew that hoping for a second break was pushing his luck.
	Eric’s colour worried André the most: a yellow-grey pallor to his skin that had set in over the last ten minutes. He was worried about septicaemia or kidney or liver failure, or internal bleeding, or any combination in between without the instruments to check. All he could do until he got Eric hooked up at the lab was to feel his pulse, check his blood pressure and pupil colour and dilation. 
	He’d spent the last two hours juggling the desperate need to get Eric to the lab to check his condition more thoroughly with the necessity for some rest and stabilisation before he could be moved. When his blood pressure finally levelled at 108 over 62 and his breathing and pulse were steadier, André decided to take the risk and move him. But just twenty minutes into the drive, his blood pressure and pulse weakened and the yellow-grey tinge came to his skin. 
	There was an awkwardness between himself and Hervé that went beyond the fact that Eric could be fast slipping away as they looked on. André had always been close to Hervé, but their exchanges were invariably held back, stilted, as if their absorption with their respective professions kept them from fully opening up. And while they both on occasion sermoned and tried to steer Eric from the life he’d chosen, Eric was the wild card, the spark of fun and life that gelled everything between them. When Eric joined them, the smiles and laughter would start, the hand gestures and body language would become easier, the stories and reminisces would flow. It was as if when Eric had chosen his path of crime, he’d lost all of his inhibitions and himself and Hervé were still left with theirs. Or perhaps it was the reverse: Eric had never had any inhibitions and they’d year by year gained theirs.
Now the thought of losing him made them face the terrible void that would be there, all the fun and sparkle and unpredictability suddenly gone from their lives, and they’d be reminded of Eric’s death each time they faced each other and battled through stilted sentences, struggling to find that level of ease that would probably never be there again without him.
It had started drizzling and Hervé put the wipers on intermittent. That impending void, that terrible sense of emptiness, settled heavier in André’s stomach with each sweep of the wipers, with each beat of Eric’s ever-weakening pulse, as Hervé sped through the Paris night. And now the worry on top that David Copell might still be at the lab when they got there.
	Eric had phoned the lab just minutes after they’d left Nemours to make sure the coast was clear, the ringing tone falling almost in time with Eric’s pulse held in his left hand; and he was about to hang up when on the fifth ring David answered: Anouk had taken a turn for the worse and so he’d decided to stay on. When they’d last spoken shortly after Eric’s operation, Anouk had taken some glucose and had perked up after her flight, so David had been planning to leave any minute.
‘I was hoping she’d continue to improve, when suddenly she slipped back. Worse practically than when you last saw her at Douala airport.’
	‘But I’m leaving any minute.’ André spoke as if he was still at home with Eban. ‘Twenty minutes or so and I’ll be there to take care of her. You should leave now, David. You sound tired. I’ll take over.’
	‘I… I’d rather wait until you get here. I wouldn’t like to leave her like this. She’s back on the drip – doesn’t look good.’
‘Leave now, David. You’ve done enough. It’s –’ André checked his watch. ‘ – nearly midnight. You’ve been on you feet non-stop since sun-up after an eight-hour flight, and your wife hasn’t seen you since you left over a week ago. She’ll start to think you’re married to that monkey, not her.’ 
‘I know. But Delatois has apparently already leaked to the press about our little triumph. Probably hoping to steal a bit of glory from the Giffords hogging all the headlines. It wouldn’t look good if one of the monkeys died.’
‘Nothing’s going to happen to her in the next twenty minutes. Even if you hung on and by some freak it did, it would look even worse coming on the end of you having had no sleep for twenty-four hours. Medical ethics would have a field day. I mean it. Now, David!’
	‘Okay… okay. I hear you. I’ll… I’ll just run some checks on her one more time, then head off. But only twenty minutes, you’re sure?’
	‘Yeah, yeah. Half hour, tops.’
	But the hesitancy in David’s voice as they signed off made André worry that he might still hang on until they got there. André looked up expectantly at the side of the ISG building as Hervé turned into Rue St-Jacques. But his angle of vision was quickly obscured by some trees – he wasn’t able to see if there was a light on in their 2nd floor labs. Hervé swung into the barriered entrance and they were confronted by the guard, a smiling Moroccan named Ahmel who took his job seriously and scowled at anyone he didn’t recognize.
	Ahmel’s scowl softened to bemusement at the sight of a priest, and André quickly wound down the back window and held out his pass. Ahmel squinted more at André than the pass for recognition – André thought for one horrible moment he was focusing past his shoulder to Eric prone in the back seat – then Ahmel’s trademark smile quickly rose with the faint glint of a single gold tooth and he lifted the barrier and waved them through. 
	André eased out a slow breath, but as they pulled clear of the gate house he could see a light on at the back on the 2nd floor. His heart sank. 
	‘He’s still there.’ He sighed heavily. ‘I just need a couple of minutes to get rid of him.’ But looking back at Eric as he got out of the car, his blood pressure rapidly diving and his breathing irregular, he wondered if he could spare even that long. 

Claude Donnet sat in his favourite café on Rue des Carmes and sipped at a large café au lait with cognac chaser.
Approaching midnight but it was still busy, mostly with students from the nearby Sorbonne. Lectures had finished long ago, but the fact that it was a popular daytime meeting place for them seemed to carry through to the evening. 
Donnet wasn’t sure if he liked it to for its changing throng of young, pretty girls, or because it was a reminder of his own, happier student days fifteen years ago. Or, with their final lead on Vel recipients crashing almost four hours ago, because right now he craved being surrounded by brighter minds.
The vacant looks, head-scratching and ‘Merci néanmoins’ each time the phone was put down on yet another non-starter lead had begun to wear on his nerves.
When the last Paris-based Vel recipient had come in as a fifty-six year old heart bypass patient, they’d spread the net in desperation to Rouen: there, only one person had been supplied with Vel in the last twenty-four hours, a seven-year old girl.
Donnet flicked out wide his copy of Le Soir in disgust. He’d already scanned the headlines, but the only item he’d read in any detail inside was the report on the robbery, tucked away at the bottom of page fourteen.
He scanned and read at random, sipping at his coffee and cognac as he went, glancing up only occasionally at nearby activity or when a fresh group walked in.  
	He read the article at the bottom of page five mechanically at first, without much of it really registering, about a doctor returning from Cameroon with some monkeys that were one of the key links in the fight against AIDS: the ‘Darwin man’, as he was becoming known. The article had caught Donnet’s eye purely because most of the AIDS and cancer research institutes were only a block away, wedged between the Luxembourg gardens and the Sorbonne, and came under his precinct.
He moved quickly on, was halfway through reading an article about an Iranian ex-cabinet minister shot dead at his Creteil apartment, when he was suddenly drawn back to the AIDS article. Institut de St Germain? That was one of the names that had come up in their Vel enquiries. Supplies for research? 
Donnet started to wonder about the coincidence of the timing. And why only Vel on its own? Probably they had ample supplies of more common blood groups – but if they were running tests on rare blood groups, why not a few more at the same time? There surely must be other blood groups as rare as Vel.
He looked back at the name: Lemoine. André Lemoine? Something about it struck a chord, but he couldn’t pinpoint why. Perhaps he’d seen it in earlier articles.
	He hastily knocked back the rest of his coffee, paid, and as soon as he was back in the squad room he asked Martot to phone the blood bank that had supplied the ISG and find out if they’d supplied other blood types to them recently, particularly rare ones.
The last delivery had been two weeks ago for types O and AB. Then ten days before that for types B and A negative. The last rare blood types delivered had been six weeks ago.
	Prompted by Donnet, Martot asked, ‘Are there many rare blood types? As rare, for example, as Vel?’
	‘Yes. A dozen or more. Some are far rarer, such as Pk – one in a hundred thousand occurrence rather than just one in four thousand.’ 
Martot thanked him, but just as he was about to sign off – prompted no doubt by Martot fishing for irregularities – the man added, ‘Oh, there was one other thing that was unusual this time. We were asked to deliver to an address out in Nemours rather than to the ISG laboratories directly.’
	‘Really?’ Martot raised an eyebrow up at Donnet as he started making note. ‘And which one of the doctors there made this request?’ 
	As Martot mumbled it out loud as he wrote, suddenly it triggered where Donnet thought he’d come across the name Lemoine before. He held one hand up towards Martot and headed towards his computer to check.
 

5

Julius Chisholm scrolled down through the information on his computer screen as he talked on the phone.
‘Interesting reading, interesting reading.’ A hushed, slightly breathless timbre, as if he was worried his secretary and the other Spheros staff beyond his closed office door might hear.
	At the other end of the line was Frank Ralston, the private detective he’d contacted to dig into Danielle Stolk’s background. Ralston had e-mailed through his report just twenty minutes ago with a note that Chisholm should phone if he had any questions.
	‘And so that’s how she ended up with the house?’ Chisholm confirmed.
	‘Yeah. Her ex’s old man had a tiling supply company. Did a lot of cash business with builders. So he made a private mortgage with his son. And because it was his son and he was hiding from the tax man, there was little or no paperwork. All she had to do was deny the existence of the private mortgage and she was home dry.’
	‘Right.’ That had been Chisholm’s first puzzler: how a divorcee single mum on a meagre interns salary at the time, could afford a house in Chestnut Hill, one of Philadelphia’s most exclusive residential areas. Only in the last two years had Stolk’s salary dramatically risen. ‘You say that she claimed the original house was a “wedding gift”.’
	‘That’s right. Her husband and family said that only the deposit was a wedding gift and the rest was on private mortgage. She claimed that it was the whole thing. With no paperwork to support their mortgage claim, she won the day. The house, a seven-bedroom pile in Chestnut Hill, was sold, she grabbed a bit more from her ex’s earnings due to what she claimed she lost in their six years of marriage by giving up her career in medicine – and so she managed to keep a toe-hold in the same area. Four bedrooms, no mortgage. With the financial strain, her ex had to move to Lexington. Cute, huh?’
‘You could say, I suppose,’ Chisholm agreed begrudgingly. Wily, cunning, Machiavellian perhaps: ‘Cute’ wasn’t in Chisholm’s dictionary.
‘She was generous though with his visitation rights with their daughter, only four at the time. She let him have her every weekend and one weeknight every week, then just a year later she let him have custody and that situation was reversed. She used that as a boast with friends as to how good she was to him over the divorce – but it looks like that was all part of her plan from the outset. She’d already set her cap on going back into medical research, so that arrangement suited her down to the ground. She’s a dab hand at making out she’s a goody two-shoes with no end of favours done for others – but let me tell you, this girl don’t do nothing unless it suits her own ends.’
‘When’s the court case with her mother?’
	‘They haven’t fixed a date yet. Could still be anything from four to eight months away, especially with your girl’s lawyers delaying at every turn.’
	Chisholm’s attention had at first been drawn to Danielle Stolk by her rapid rise up the research rungs. From a Grade 1 assistant to Associate Researcher in only four years. There’d been a couple of departmental complaints about her being overtly ambitious, ‘not a team player’, but he and Kalpenski had put that down mostly to peer jealousy due to her rapid rise. But Chisholm had decided to dig deeper on departmental scuttlebutt: ‘She’s aggressively ambitious in her home life too, how do you think she ended up with a house in Chestnut Hill?’ ‘She’s trying to make up for the years she felt she lost in research while married. She blames her husband for that, so it’s an anti-man thing too.’ It was true that Stolk’s rivals in Kalpenski’s section were mostly male, so Chisholm had to carefully assess the comments, make sure they weren’t just inspired by male ego denting because a woman was grabbing the limelight. Then Chisholm heard about Stolk’s court case with her mother, but he had no idea that such a momentous iceberg labelled Ambition and Greed lurked beneath.
	‘You know, this thing with her mother.’ Ralston paused and swallowed, as if he’d suddenly encountered a bad taste or was having trouble wrapping his tongue around the words. ‘In my business, I come across some pretty low types. Guys who’d waste you without losing a night’s sleep, would suck your eyeball for a grape while your body’s still warm. But as rotten to the core as they might be, when it comes to their own families, nobody could be more protective. Would lay down their lives and all that shit.’ Ralston swallowed again. ‘What I’m trying to say is, well… with the husband is one thing. Greedy divorcees are almost par for the course these days. But pulling something like this with your own mother takes some doing. A heart of stone for starters.’
	‘I know. I know. Bad business all round. Where’s the mother living now?’
	‘In some nursing home out in Byberry. Word is that’s why dear Dani’s lawyers are throwing in every possible delay: they’re hoping the old girl dies meanwhile and then there’s no case.’
	‘Bad business,’ Chisholm repeated, easing out his breath as he leant back in his swivel chair. Ahead through his office window, the Schuylkill River trailed a silver snail’s trail through the early-morning October light, and beyond that the old spires and campus playing fields of University City; behind him, the Penn Center and hustle-bustle of Philadelphia’s downtown. The position mirrored how the Spheros Institute corporately saw itself: ideally placed between academia and commerce. But Chisholm knew from long and bitter experience that a privileged position was by no means a continuing birthright, as some of the Spheros’s older, more staid board members might wish to ignore. And now with the Gifford Awards, there was more change in store than they could ever imagine. Someone had to draw-up advance battle plans. ‘Let me know when you find out the court date.’
	‘Yeah, sure.’ A heavy pause from Ralston’s end, another swallow. Something else was on his mind. Finally: ‘Is that why you asked me to check on her Doc? She’s due for promotion or something and this case with her mother could look bad. You know – the need for good ethics being what they are in your profession?’
	‘Yes, well, that’s pretty much it. But as you can appreciate, I can’t say too much.’
	‘Yeah, I understand.’
	Chisholm couldn’t resist smiling as he hung up. Exactly the opposite: that volatile mix of relentless ambition and lack of ethics were in fact what made Stolk the ideal candidate for what he wanted. Heart of stone. She was looking better by the day. A couple more simple tests and he’d know for sure.

	‘You should leave now, David.’
	‘Just a quick look-see at this last saliva swab, then I’m gone.’
	‘And what happened with Michel?’ André asked. Michel was the ISG vet who’d been tending to the mangabeys in the animal house. Now through the adjoining glass screen André could see Anouk in the Laferge section where they normally monitored patients on clinical trial. 
‘He’d already left when Anouk took a turn for the worse,’ David said without looking up. 
‘But I’m here now. I can do that,’ André protested. He tried to keep the edge and panic from his voice, but David’s look as he finally glanced up from the microscope was slightly withering. He was starting to suspect something was wrong.
	‘Look – I waited on to do this until you arrived, because I didn’t want to leave her alone. Not even for a minute. You can see how bad she is. And you can’t do both: see to her and run tests. I’ll only be a few minutes.’ David went back to looking through the microscope.
	A few minutes? Eric was fast slipping away as they spoke. André could feel himself still trembling from the breakneck drive to the lab. He glanced out the window towards the car, but from that angle it was shielded by the conservatory by the lab entrance. A soft rain trickled down its roof, the palms beneath slightly obscured by mist and condensation on the glass.
	Suddenly he was back in the jungle again, trembling as he gripped tight to the branch, the snake probing the air with its tongue, sensing his fear.
	‘Are you okay?’ David raised a quizzical eyebrow as he glanced up at him. ‘Got a girl outside you’re trying to sneak in? Or are you running secret tests here I don’t know about?’ David’s mouth curled slightly in a smile, but his attention was fixed back quickly on the microscope; he didn’t look up for André’s reaction.
	‘I… I’m just concerned about you. You haven’t had a break since we got back.’ He glanced agitatedly between the window and David, grasping for inspiration as to how to get rid of him quickly. 
‘Damn. I can see some sickle cells.’ David was hardly listening, was wrapped up in the cocooned world of what he saw through his microscope. ‘I’d better add some albumin, see how it reacts. Maybe take another mouth swab.’
	‘No, no… I.’ André reached a hand out. The edge to his voice subsided quickly into panic.
	‘What?’ David looked at him curiously as he opened the cabinet for the albumin.
	André kept the same hand held out, a pleading gesture, his lips sticking and trapping any words, even if he could have thought of something worthwhile. At this rate, David was going to be at least ten minutes. He just couldn’t afford to leave Eric for that time. And with Anouk in such a bad way, how was he going to cope with both? If Anouk died while in his care, he could hardly tell David in the morning, ‘Oh, that was because of a little emergency I had with Eric that I couldn’t tell you about.’
	Finally, as all other options slipped away, he let down the arm with a deflated sigh. ‘There’s something I haven’t told you. It’s Eric… he’s had a bad accident.’
For the first minute of explaining, André found it hard to meet David’s penetrating, incredulous gaze, his eyes shifting between the bench where David had been working and the window. He didn’t mention the robbery, just said that he’d had a bad fall. It was bad enough that he had to involve David, so he wanted to limit any possible complicity.
‘I saw to him as best I could, then headed here. Eban’s okay. I just needed some time to sort out this problem with Eric and –’
David held one hand up at that point, cutting in; a strained, almost disbelieving tone as he confirmed that Eric was here with him now. And with André’s mute nod, his eyes finally lifting to meet David’s, they were suddenly galvanised into action, rushing down to get Eric from the car.

Claude Donnet breathed deeply of the night air at Nemours as the church warden hustled towards him from his house four doors along, shrugging the last shoulder into his jacket as he went. A burly man in his early sixties with thinning hair and bushy grey eyebrows, the warden held a bunch of keys in his right hand. He fished one to the front as he came close.
‘I hope he’s okay.’ The eyebrows knitted in concentration as he inserted the key and turned.
	‘Let’s hope so.’
	Donnet kept close in the warden’s shadow as he entered Hervé Lemoine’s house with Martot and his other assistant, Perlaud, who’d alerted the warden, following.
	It had taken him only minutes on the computer, scrolling through old case files, to discover why the name Lemoine rang a bell: Eric Lemoine, a key suspect investigated two years ago for a similar robbery, the name supplied by a fence facing charges and trying to do a deal. But in the end they didn’t have sufficient evidence to charge Lemoine, the case file didn’t even make it to an examining magistrate’s desk.
They’d originally rung Lemoine’s door four times with no answer. A curtain had parted at a window across the road and an old woman peered out, alerted no doubt by their flashing car beacon. She came out and told them about the warden four doors along. Martot had meanwhile been looking through a gap in the net curtains of Lemoine’s house, and while he could pick out some spots and smears on the kitchen floor, it was difficult to tell for sure if it was blood with what little street light filtered in through the kitchen window.
	But they used that to effect with alerting the warden, saying they had concerns about Hervé Lemoine’s safety. If Donnet had spilt the full story, the warden might have balked at letting them in, and Donnet didn’t want to lose time with having to get a warrant.
	As the warden flicked on the kitchen light, Donnet could see clearly that it was bloodstains in its stark glare. Somebody had made an attempt to clean up, but it was hasty: watery smears of blood could still be made out on the tile floor with a few spots around the edges that they’d missed. Two or three of the most prominent spots were only a few feet to the right of where they entered.
	Donnet took a step back and peered down the hallway. He thought he could see a couple more spots a few yards down where a patterned carpet took over after the tiled entrance hall. It was hard to pick up the bloodstains among the carpet’s pattern, and Donnet had to stoop over slightly as he examined. As he picked out the first spots, he saw what he thought were two more a couple of feet away, then another. He followed their trail.
	They led him towards a small door to the right at the end of the corridor, then down some rough stone steps to the cellar. The bloodstains were easier to pick out on the steps, and easier still on the pale flagstone floor of the arched cellar that stretched for twelve yards before a jumble of furniture at its end.
	Donnet led the way with his two assistants and the warden following, their footsteps echoing ominously against the stone walls. The blood spots were heavier and more frequent as they led towards a half-open door to their left.
	‘Mon Dieu,’ the warden said in a hushed breath. ‘He’s been butchered. Look at all this.’
	‘We don’t know that yet. It was in fact a problem with his brother that brought us here. Then we started to become concerned about Hervé Lemoine as well.’ Donnet thought that he’d better sow the seeds; he didn’t want it later argued that he’d gained evidence through obtaining false entry.
	As Donnet swung the door to the small room wide open and flicked on the light, the full horror of what had taken place there hit them: a large blood patch almost completely covering a waist-high table, strands of blood running off of its side to a heavy gout on the floor, then a trail of large blood spots between the door and the table.
	‘Mon Dieu,’ the warden said again, breathless with shock.
	No attempt had been made to clear up here, thought Donnet. Either they’d left in a rush or were only worried about cleaning up where callers-by to the house might see.
	He instructed Martot to takes some samples from the closest bloodstains. ‘Keep to the outer edge. Avoid stepping near the heavier stains and the table.’ 
He could make out two or three footprints in the blood from which they could hopefully get a clean lift. He took out his mobile and headed upstairs to call forensics. He needed some fresh air, plus he wasn’t sure he’d get a reception from the cellar.
	Forensics said they’d send someone within ten minutes. The dead of night, 1.14 am, the journey shouldn’t take them more than half-an-hour.
	Donnet tucked his mobile back in his jacket and looked over to the old woman still by their squad car. She’d stayed there looking on at the house. 
	He eased out a tired breath, winding down from the scene inside, and asked her, ‘Did you see anyone turn up earlier? Two or three hours ago, maybe more?’
	‘No, I didn’t see anyone arrive. But when I looked out later, I noticed a car outside I recognized. Green Peugeot, his brother’s, the doctor.’ The old lady held Donnet’s expectant gaze for a second. ‘And I saw them leave.’
	Donnet nodded keenly. ‘I see. Did you notice someone else with them when they left, or anything unusual?’
	‘I could only see the two of them. The car doors closing are what alerted me. By the time I looked out they were already in the car. And nothing unusual, except…’ She looked aslant at the police car for a second, as if prompting herself as to what she’d seen. ‘I… I noticed that the brother was leaning over, seemed preoccupied with something alongside him in the back seat.’
	‘And which way did they go?’
	The old lady pointed towards the main road junction fifty yards away.
	Didn’t really tell Donnet much. Right headed towards the town centre, left towards the A6 to Paris and all points south. They could have gone anywhere. Donnet inhaled deeply of the night air, smelling fresh grass and pine trees and a damp-leaf bonfire burning nearby – the sort of smells you didn’t get in central Paris – overlaying the petrol and diesel fumes from the nearby A-Road. Nemours was one of those small Paris satellite towns that few people stopped at; little more than a roadside sign that they sped past en-route to somewhere else.
‘They could have headed to their mother’s, I suppose,’ she added after a moment, joining Donnet in looking thoughtfully towards the junction. ‘She lives on the north edge of town. Or she might at least have more idea where they’ve gone.’

They worked as a team. 
Eric’s pulse was weak and his blood pressure dangerously low by the time they got him hooked up, and a quick scan showed heavy internal bleeding.
André opened him up immediately and saw that he hadn’t managed to completely seal the wound on the spleen with sutures – the difficulty of trying to operate clearly with only swabs to clean up. With the air-sucker on and following as he went, he was able to make sure it was fully sealed this time.
‘86 over 48,’ David Copell called out.
André dabbed at his brow with the back of one hand as he looked up at the clock: systolic rate up four points since the last call two minutes before. The first sign of hope since they’d lifted Eric in, but still some way to go before they could start hoping that he might be stable long term.
Hervé meanwhile took care of Anouk and tried unsuccessfully to get her to take some glucose through a pipette. There was a moment when she perked up and looked like she might take some, her eyes brightening as they fixed keenly on his face and she reached one hand out limply towards his chin. But then she quickly slipped back into her previous dull-eyed stupor and the hand fell away, as if she didn’t have the strength to hold it there.
When David had finished assisting André and it looked like Eric was out of immediate danger, he took over from Hervé, put Anouk on a saline drip and continued with his mouth swab analysis.
	For the first time in the nightmare night, André felt his tightrope nerves ease a fraction. David had been right, he’d never have been able to manage with just himself and Hervé. They’d have lost Eric or Anouk, or both. But it could take another two hours for Eric to stabilise; he was uneasy about keeping Eric at the lab for that length of time. 
Eighteen minutes into eagle-eyeing Eric’s progress, his mobile started ringing in his jacket slung over a nearby workbench. He went over and took it out: his mother’s number in Nemours. If it had been Charlotte, he probably wouldn’t have bothered to answer. Countless times she’d called him in the dead of night with some panic that had ended up as nothing. But his mother had never called him at such a late hour. Something was wrong.
	He answered and felt his whole body go rigid as she told him breathlessly about the police calling on her, having just visited Hervé’s house.
‘What’s happening, André? What’s going on?’
‘When did the police leave your place?’
‘What? Uh… about five or six minutes ago. They were looking for Eric and said that they had reason to believe he might have been injured. Please… what’s going on André?’
‘André exhaled heavily. ‘Yes, it is Eric. He has been injured – but he’s okay now.’
‘Are you sure he’s okay?’ Again that breathless timbre. She was heavy with doubt, wanting desperately to believe him.
‘Yes, yes, I’m sure, mama. You can rest easy. He’s out of danger now.’
‘But what about the police? Why are they looking for him?’
‘It’s a long story. I don’t have time now to explain.’ André’s mind was reeling: Five or six minutes? It would take them half-an-hour or more to get back from Nemours, but if they decided to radio through to a local precinct, they could have a squad car there any minute. How had they tracked them so quickly? ‘I’ll phone you tomorrow and tell you everything.’
‘But, André… I don’t understand, why –’
‘Tomorrow, mama. Please, tomorrow!’ His voice was raised, almost shouting as the wave of panic washed fully through him. He hung up abruptly and turned to David. ‘We’ve got to get out of here. Now!’
‘What is it you haven’t told me, André?’
‘I’m sorry, I don’t have time to explain now… later.’
‘That’s a lot of explaining that you’re going to have to do later or tomorrow.’ David looked at André levelly, his anger transparent. ‘I’d like to know now.’
André shook his head. ‘I can’t…’ He glanced anxiously towards the window. No fresh cars yet at the guard barrier, but it probably wouldn’t be long. ‘Then you’d be implicated. That’s why I wanted to get rid of you earlier. Eric is in trouble… shouldn’t be here.’
David turned to Hervé. ‘Can you tell me?’
‘I’m sorry. Priest’s discretion and all that.’ Hervé forced an awkward smile. Being cutely obstructive didn’t come naturally to him and his face reddened with the effort.
David looked back at André. ‘So the police are looking for Eric?’ Police. The main word to have alarmed him from André’s conversation with his mother. 
‘Yes… yes.’ André let the air from his body like a deflating tyre, and felt the last strand of futility of trying to argue the toss with David go with it. ‘So now you know why I shouldn’t have brought him here, and why I didn’t mention that. I don’t mind putting my own neck on the line for him – he’s my brother. But not yours as well. So nobody ever told you about him being sought by the police. You didn’t know that. Right?’
David blinked slowly as he assimilated it all, then finally shook his head. ‘We can’t move him in this condition.’
‘We’ve moved him here, and he’s far more stable now. And we’ve got the gurney and attachments for blood pressure and respiration and…’ As he watched David start shaking his head again, heavy with misgivings, he moved a step closer and gripped David’s arm tight. ‘This isn’t just anyone, David – it’s my brother. So I’d be the last to want to risk his life. But I probably alerted the police myself through my request for his blood.’ He wasn’t completely sure of that, it could have just been through a Usual Suspects check. But now that the police had been to Nemours and seen the blood at Hervé’s house, they must be close to piecing it all together. ‘So how do you think he’s going to feel waking up to find the police standing over him, knowing that he’s facing ten years. He’d probably say that he wished I’d let him die.’ 
David’s eyes shifted uneasily between Eric, Hervé and Anouk. 
André pressed, ‘All you have to do is help us down with Eric, then you can return to take care of Anouk.’
Finally, David closed his eyes for a second in defeated acceptance and nodded. ‘Okay. Okay.’
André looked anxiously towards the window again as he heard a sound outside; a car had pulled up to the entrance barrier. But after a second he recognized it as Burquold’s, one of the lab assistants, probably on graveyard shift this week. Burquold worked in section 4 by the library; he wouldn’t be coming their way.
‘All clear now,’ André said with urgency. ‘Let’s go!’
It took them only four minutes to get Eric attached and on the gurney, and in that time André checked the window again almost a dozen times – still no worrying cars approaching. Then they set off along the length of the lab and the corridor towards the lift, and André wouldn’t have sight of the entrance for a short while. As they started almost running along, breathless, adrenalin pumping, André felt all the madness and rush of the past forty-eight hours pile back in on him – racing through the Cameroon jungle, Anouk shrieking in his dream as their flight hit the storm, driving like a madman out to Nemours, battling to save Eric’s life – ‘I’m not that kind of doctor…’
And as they hit the ground floor corridor that led to the conservatory entrance, a fluorescent light that was having trouble firing-up pumped the images in flicker-form through his mind – the lightning as he clung to the tree, flashes of sunlight through the jungle foliage on the drive to Douala, following the trail of Eric’s blood spots along the starkly lit cellar, the intermittent strobe of orange streetlights hitting Eric’s body as Hervé sped through the Paris night – but as they came to the end of the corridor, André was disorientated.
The fluorescent light was fully on, had stopped faltering, and André shook his head to clear the last flickering images from his mind; but still there remained a stark flashing light, spreading across the conservatory roof, opaque and distorted with the condensation on the glass. 
André couldn’t see the police car for the mass of plants and the mist on the glass, but he knew already that it must be at the gate barrier from its flashing blue light.


6

The first bomb went off at GETOPE, a genetic research laboratory four miles outside of Phoenix, Arizona. 
	No casualties, nobody in fact was inside the building when the bomb went off at 2.17 a.m., except for two security guards by the ground floor entrance. But there was considerable property and collateral damage: the bomb almost completely gutted the third floor where most of the more sensitive, cutting-edge research work took place. 
	At first, the Phoenix District police through it might have purely been an accidental blast from a faulty Bunsen burner gas tap, but when the forensics report came in ten days later, they knew that a bomb had been planted. This caused a renewed flurry of activity with the police, some fresh page 4 and 5 stories in the local press and some minor sidebars in medical journals, but it never made the major or national newspapers; and with no casualties and no leads, the case quickly lost steam with the Phoenix police and within two months it was all but forgotten. 

‘Ca va, Monsieur Lemoine? Not a bad day, no?’
‘Ca va, Madame Chercule.’ André glanced up at the sky as he unchained his bike. The morning air was cool, but it was dry and bright, few clouds. ‘Oui. Looks good… looks good.’
Madame Chercule. Touching seventy, in a floral print dress as bright and confused as the array of plants and flowers in pots and tubs she was busily watering, she was the only other person to have used her courtyard space as a small garden. Everyone else in their small block wrapped around the courtyard had used their space for parking, and the two of them called their greetings over the tops of a Citroen ZX and a BMW 5-series parked in between their last bastions of greenery amongst the cobblestones, cement and shining metal.
	The estate agent had pushed it as a plus point when he’d first viewed the apartment: being on the ground floor, he could actually park right in front and keep an eye on his car. He could think of nothing worse than the flat’s main aspect being taken up by a trophy BMW or Mercedes, as most of the building had chosen to do. It was less than three kilometres to work, so he’d bought a ten-speed bike and found a discreet corner of the wall to chain it to, parked his eight-year-old Peugeot on the street outside, marked the perimeter of his parking oblong with potted palms and dwarf conifers, and put a table, umbrella and four chairs at its centre. Practically the only work he’d had done upon moving in, but it had been important for the kids: their own little oasis from the rush of the surrounding city, rather than them just looking onto a car park.
‘Children with you this week?’ Madame Chercule commented as she watched the three of them come out, Veruschka leading the way.
	‘Yes, most of it.’ He didn’t feel inclined to explain the usual roster and the fact that for the last two weeks he’d had the children an extra day because the problems with Eric and the police had thrown Charlotte into another mini-breakdown. Once again she’d stolen the drama footlights, completely missing or ignoring the point that, given that it was his brother, perhaps his grievance should have come first. 
‘Oh, I forgot my L’Oncle Hansi book,’ Joël called out, turning back inside. 
‘Come on, come on!’ Veruschka perched one hand on her hip, staring testily at his departing back. ‘Always the same. You’re always forgetting something.’
	Eban just smiled and sniggered, looking down at his feet. 
	The only time that Veruschka came close to acting adult, when she was given charge of them. Her little bit of power and control in life, her chance to treat them like she felt her parents treated her, payback, and sometimes she overdid it; though more with Joël than Eban. Perhaps because with Eban she felt she only had half the right.
	André joined Eban in smiling and shook his head as he wheeled his bike towards the courtyard door and waved a hand in the general direction of everyone behind him. ‘Bye.’
	Joël and Eban got on famously, like two long-lost friends, hardly a bad word between them in the two years since Eban had become part of their family. For most of the first year Joël had been in awe as he asked questions about Africa and Eban told him about his life there, his hands wide as he described the size of the fish at market, the monkeys and antelopes, snakes and crocodiles, a rhinoceros he’d once seen. The arms grew wider apart with each story and Joël’s eyes would widen too, mesmerised by a dark and mysterious Africa that he’d seen only in books and nature documentaries. 
	But the Africa Eban described was a far cry from the failed crops and starving, disease-decimated villages that had been Eban’s last years in Rwanda. Probably he couldn’t bring himself to talk about that which had robbed him of most of his family. And so only a glamorous, story-book Africa remained in his mind. The wild wonder and happier days he recalled from his early childhood.
	Eban had seemed better, perkier the past few days, but that’s how it went with him: a few good days, sometimes a week or more, then a few bad ones. But it was the regime of drugs that he had to take that made him weak and feel ill as much as his T4 cell count dropping. 
As André got on his bike and started off, he heard the rapid foot-patter of the children the other side of the courtyard door. They always left at more or less the same time. He’d cycle the 2.8 kms, most of it along Rue Montparnasse, the children would catch the 35 bus which followed the same route and take seats at its back and, as it passed André, Eban and Joël would wave at him excitedly through its back window. Veruschka would wave more calmly: it wasn’t cool to be seen as so gleeful and enthusiastic when you were fourteen.
	Veruschka would see that Eban and Joël got safely off the bus halfway along Rue Guynemer, then she’d continue on the same bus to her school in Rambuteau.
	Routine. The same routine every morning.
	Joël’s and Eban’s journey was easier when they stayed with Charlotte, less than a kilometre the opposite direction in St Michel. André would have stayed in the same area, but the only way he’d been able to afford three bedrooms for the kids had been to move further out to the Gare de Lyon area.
	André clicked up to sixth gear as he started to hit his stride along Rue Montparnasse. But it was a pleasant enough journey, the wide avenue still dotted with cafés from its more bohemian past. Behind him was the restaurant where George Orwell used to wash dishes, ahead the café where Hemmingway had done much of his writing overlooking the Luxembourg Gardens, where, in turn, Jean-Paul-Sartre had played as a child – presumably not all at the same time. 
	André glanced over his shoulder. He couldn’t see their bus yet, obviously it was running late this morning. He checked his watch: 8.42 a.m. 
	David had reminded him to get in on time. After two weeks of deliberation, Delatois had finally called a meeting to discuss their fateful night with Eric at the ISG. Two weeks? What had he been waiting for? Time for more details to filter through from the police? Or to see how those details might fit in with his and David’s account? Or, more likely, as David had suggested, time to see if their research with the silver-grey mangabeys was shaping up as hoped. Delatois wouldn’t want to make a rash move with two researchers on the verge of the most significant breakthrough the ISG had seen in years.
André grimaced as he raised up from the saddle, levering more impetus into his pedalling. Then, as he heard the familiar whoosh of the 35 bus, he eased a ready smile as he watched it go by.
Through the back window, Joël and Eban waved enthusiastically and Veruschka followed suit more tamely. 
	Routine. The one thing left that helped push away how much the rest of his life – his adopted son dying, his wife teetering on the edge of madness, and now his brother facing prison – was falling apart. 

‘And you say that you didn’t know that your brother was being pursued by the police until he was already here?’
	‘Yes. I didn’t know until my mother phoned,’ said André, ‘And she told me that the police had called on her.’
	Delatois turned to David Copell. ‘And I suppose that was the first moment that you knew also?’
	‘Yes, yes… that’s right,’ David said hastily, nodding.
	Delatois had already asked a half dozen questions, but this was obviously the key point and also the one that he was most unsettled about. The rest had been just setting the scene: what time did you get here? Where did you first treat your brother before bringing him here? Who first alerted you to his injuries? And David Copell was already here, you’d spoken to him earlier on the phone?
	Eugene Delatois was a tall man, six-foot-three plus, the antithesis of his two small, mousier and timid Chef du bureau predecessors. The only touch of timidity was in his movements: slow, deliberate arm actions as he articulated questions and then made note of their answers, as if he’d long become used to slow movement because of his size, so as not to trip up over obstacles or bash his head on a low beam he hadn’t at first seen, or startle anyone with a sudden gesticulation. His size and his slightly bulbous, penetrating blue eyes were intimidation enough.
	Eugene Delatois didn’t look settled with what they’d told him, as if he didn’t quite believe them.
	His assistant, Pierre Salquiere – who could continue the tradition of the smaller, mousier and bifocalled when Delatois retired – was at his side and made few notes, while the third in the line across the conference table facing André and David, Jaqueline Roest, Delatois’ PA, made notes constantly. It was difficult to tell what Salquiere was thinking due to the thickness of his glasses and Roest hardly ever looked up from her notepad.
	Delatois’ eyes were cold, cod-like and stared straight through them, also gave little away. They made a formidable team, and within minutes of being in the room answering questions, André felt his pulse beating rapidly at the back of his very dry throat.
	‘And so you gleaned most of what was in fact the real situation from this short conversation with your mother?’ Delatois said. 
‘No. She just mentioned the police, then my other brother Hervé filled in the rest of the details.’
	‘The priest?’ At André’s nod, Delatois looked down briefly at his notes. ‘The same one who first alerted you to your younger brother’s injuries?’ Another nod and ‘yes’ from André and Delatois took a fresh breath. ‘And what reasons did he initially give for those injuries?’
	‘He said he’d been victim of a hit and run driver.’
	‘He didn’t see the car, get a number?’
	‘No. He said that he’d blacked out immediately he was hit, didn’t come to until minutes later.’
	‘And why not take him to a hospital?’
	‘Hervé said that Eric asked not to be taken to hospital, he has a fear of them – and this much I can vouch for as true – from a small operation that went wrong years ago. He asked specifically that I tend to him.’
	Delatois flicked back a page in his notes, checking something. ‘Now when you’d spoken to your mother and your brother filled in the details, is that why you suddenly tried to rush away? To get away from the police because you knew they were coming?’
‘No. It was because I suddenly realized, given the circumstances, that I should never have brought Eric here in the first place.’
‘I see.’ Delatois looked at David. ‘And why were you still here so late? It all seems a bit convenient, pre-arranged.’
David shook his head. ‘It was because of a problem with one of the mangabeys from Cameroon. We couldn’t get her to take any food and she’d become quite ill.’ 
‘No other reason? No call from Dr Lemoine to say that he needed help?’
‘No. When he called me earlier to say he was on his way in, I was already here.’ David knew – one of the first potential obstacles him and André had tussled with – that the police had a record of all their phone calls made; on this one point, though, it could actually work in their favour.
Another deep breath from Delatois at the end of the quick-fire exchange.
They’d faced a similar chain of questions from Inspector Donnet and a colleague the day after Eric’s arrest. Huddled in a ground floor store room at the back of the conservatory as the police approached and took the lift up to their lab, they’d hastily thrashed out the bones of a story in case they were hauled in immediately. After a couple of suggestions from André that quickly became evident were flawed and unworkable, Hervé offered to take the blame. ‘It’s the only way of keeping you two clear of any problems. If only I had the knowledge of what was going on.’ Within two minutes, with the police already heading back down towards them, they had eighty percent of their plan mapped out. 
Although the fourteen-hour delay before questioning – to let them get some sleep and, no doubt more importantly, for the police to put their own fact-sequencing in some order – had allowed them to fill in the texture and nuances of that final twenty-percent, the questioning had still been a nerve-wracking experience: himself and Hervé were in for over an hour each, David for thirty-five minutes. Meanwhile, Eric was under house arrest at St-Louis hospital, a policeman outside his door. It was five full days before he was well enough to answer questions for Donnet, but Hervé had visited him every day to say prayers at his bedside and on one of the first moments he’d been awake and lucid, forty-eight hours before his questioning, Hervé had whispered, ‘You told me you were hit by a car. A hit and run. Okay?’ With Eric unconscious virtually throughout André tending to him, there was no way of him knowing what was said between Hervé and André and spoiling their story.
But as terrifying as Donnet’s questioning had been, in a way this now was far worse: even if Donnet decided finally to press charges for aiding and abetting Eric, it was a long process, ten months to a year of instructions before the final jury trial; a sense of distance and a lot of chances on the way to escape any ultimate fate. Whereas Delatois could decide right here, right now, with another deep breath and a quick flick of his wrist as he made a closing note on his pad, that their careers were over.
	Delatois’ bulbous eyes seared straight through him, and he could tell from the taut, enigmatic smile at the corner of his mouth that Delatois didn’t believe them. André felt his stomach sink.  
	He should never have helped Eric, should have insisted on him going to a hospital. To risk everything like this, everything he’d worked for and the chance to help Eban – as he’d told himself countlessly in the two long weeks he’d had time to dwell on it more rationally – had been suicidal. But then what choice had he been given? It had been either help Eric or let him die. Because that was what he did: he was André the healer, the helper, and so everyone made calls on him, made demands. And maybe this time he should have put his foot down, said no; but somehow all of those demands, constantly helping other people, had a numbing effect, and so he said he’d help automatically, because that’s what he did, helped people, and he’d long ago lost the ability to think what he wanted for himself.
	But then surely Delatois wouldn’t throw everything away when they might be on the verge of such an important breakthrough. Why, only a few days ago Delatois had stopped him in the corridor and asked him how their research was progressing, and he’d played it up well, he thought.
	Delatois moistened his top lip to speak. Everything hung in the balance.

The e-mail was there, along with two other messages, when Danielle Stolk turned on her computer that morning:
Are you going to just sit back and let Ross Hebbard take the lead, be Kalpenski’s golden boy. Surely you’ve worked and battled too hard to let that happen?

She wheeled around, eyes darting, as she took in the room around her. A couple of lab assistants by John Page on the far side, Mithil Senadhira a few yards along from them, three secretaries, a clerk and a techy spread in between in the open-plan room – but nobody seemed to be looking in her direction, paying her any attention. Nobody was watching expectantly for her to open her e-mail to gauge her reaction. 
	But apart from Page and Senadhira, the other three Associate Researchers – Kirsten Bremner, Andy Luttman and the subject of the e-mail, Russ Hebbard – weren’t in sight. And surely it had to be one of the other ARs who’d sent this message? Who else had any interest in the rivalry between them? Leaning slightly to one side, she caught a glimpse of Bremner with an assistant in one of the five sealed bio-hazard rooms flanking one side, but could see only lab assistants, no ARs in the others. Though nobody seemed to be peering out of the glass door-panes to see her reaction. Everybody was busy with their own work. 
	She looked back at the e-mail address it had come from: phil46@cybriv.com. It wasn’t one of their internal addresses, all of those ended with sperophil.com. Nor was it from another lab or company they regularly worked with or any other addresses she recognized.  
She felt uneasy, restless, and noticed that her hands were starting to shake. This was an unfamiliar role for her. Normally she was the one planning, positioning, playing with others. Now suddenly she was the target; somebody was playing with her. If that was what lay behind it, payback, it was probably Kirsten Bremner. Bremner hadn’t forgiven her for taking the credit with that TP53 project last fall, and now had hatched some plan to get back at her. It seemed about right: almost a year for Bremner’s feeble, scientifically-myopic mind to finally wrap itself around how to get her own back. 
	She snapped to and got up abruptly as she noticed one of the secretary’s eyes on her curiously, realized that she was lost in thought and staring vacantly for a moment. She chose one of the empty bio-hazard rooms, and as soon as the door clicked shut behind her, she let out a deep breath.  She took a block of Agarose and put it in the micro-wave, then went over to the window and looked out as it gently hummed behind her.  
	Six ARs in Onconology, but she’d fought harder to get where she was than any of them. They’d all had the easy route of med-school to get their Phds. She had only eighteen months of med-school followed by a six-year hiatus – the death-knell to many an academic career – that had been her disastrous marriage. She’d had to scramble her Phd while struggling through her divorce, then finish it off on night courses in the first two years as a lab assistant at the Spheros. She was so mentally exhausted at the end of it that when suddenly she had no more night-courses she crashed out as soon as she got in from work, slept for thirteen hours solid every night for almost a month. She’d ended up having to give up her daughter in the divorce battle, and now another court case, this time with her own mother. They had no idea what she’d been through. No idea.
Battled too hard. Except for one person, the writer of that e-mail. Would Kirsten Bremner have phrased it like that? She would probably begrudge giving her any credit, even if it might serve a wider cause.  She wasn’t Machiavellian-sharp enough for that.  
	But if not Bremner, then who? Behind her the microwave dinged to let her know the Agarose was ready, the block had turned to liquid. But her thoughts still needed longer. A lot longer.  

In the end, Eugene Delatois did what André and David should have realized somebody like him would do: he sat on the fence, gave himself the luxury of what to do with them when he chose, in his own time. And in doing so, he tortured them with uncertainty, which seemed to add the final gratifying piquancy to Delatois’ sense of control over them. Their lives and future rested in his hands, and over the coming weeks Delatois relished in playing on that, stretching that simple tune into an opera.
	At first he said that he didn’t want to make a decision until he’d had a few days to think on what they’d said and go over his notes; then he said that he wanted to wait until he’d spoken again with the police and compared their statements with the accounts they’d given him, and also knew whether or not the police would be pressing charges; then, when the main Sword of Damocles was lifted three weeks later and the police announced that they wouldn’t be pursuing charges against them, Delatois raised the spectre of possible press leaks: ‘For now, the Institute’s position is also not to take any action. But if anything untoward should appear in the press that could be potentially awkward or embarrassing, that situation of course could change. Inspector Donnet has assured me he has a tight rein on leaks from his own department, so nothing should come from there. But with the instruction hearing coming up at which you and David Copell will have to testify, there’s nothing to stop an inquisitive court reporter going along. Then there’s the possibility of leaks from any of the functionary offices in between the police and the examining magistrate – the various court clerks, paralegals and secretaries. Who knows where the press might have their contacts?’
	André groaned and felt sick to his stomach when he received the court papers with the date for their appearance: over two months away! Already they’d been on Delatois’ tightrope for five weeks, and felt they could hardly bear it a second longer.
	And on top Anouk was ill again and Charlotte, after her first weeks of head-cradling and histrionics over Eric’s arrest, in the last ten days had suddenly had a change of mood, been in high spirits. Now, out of the blue, she wanted a meeting. It was urgent. The sudden change of mood combined with the summoned meeting made him uneasy, one anxiety he didn’t need on top of all else. In a way he wished she’d just continued head-cradling; at least that was familiar territory.
	‘Don’t worry. It will probably never happen.’
	‘What? Sorry.’ André looked up to see Marielle Barbier smiling tightly at him. 
She nudged back the pink hair-grip at the side of her head with the back of one hand, then it rejoined the other manipulating samples inside the glass-fronted hood. Half Italian-Venezuelan from her father, French from her mother, her long black hair hung in a wavy cascade the other side. She used to wear her hair tied back in a bun until Marc Goffinet told her it looked too severe. Goffinet, friend, confidante, lover of women, if never in love with them, had a keen eye for what made them look good and when it came to Marielle his expectations were high. He saw her in the Loren class. Since then she’d always worn a hair-grip, different colours nearly every day and only on one side facing the portion of the room she wanted a clear view of. Her smile even subdued held genuine warmth.
	‘How’s it going?’ André asked.
	‘The last slot it shows up in is one to a millionth.’ Marielle pointed to the fifth in the row of eight round slots, each iodinized to leave the germinated virus showing in white dots against blue. The number of dots reduced through slots one to five and by the sixth had disappeared. ‘By here, one in ten millionth, it’s completely washed out. No trace left.’
	‘So, the T-cell count has either dropped again, or at best it’s static.’
	‘Or it might have gone up slightly. We won’t know for sure until I’ve done another tray graded between a millionth and ten millionth to see exactly where it falls.’
‘Unlikely, though, after it having started going down last week. Would just give us another variable we can’t explain.’
	The concern in André’s voice was heavy, verging on panic. Of all the things he’d had to worry about, this had become paramount. In their original experiments run with test-tube samples from eight mangabeys four months ago, they’d sampled eleven HIV patients ex-vivo (outside of the body) with T-cell counts ranging from 38 to 424. From each of the eight mangabey samples the T-cell counts – the patients’ HIV resistance – had risen, except from one. It rose steadily like the others for almost six weeks, then suddenly started dropping. They ran a series of tests, but it remained an inexplicable phenomenon; and, with only test-tube samples, one that they were unlikely to be able to explain. Thus the need for live samples and the trip to Cameroon.
	But now it had happened again, this time out of only four samples, and the T-cell immunity downturn had kicked in ten days earlier than before. Now it was no longer what they’d originally hoped, a fluke or a rarity, but a possible serious obstruction. And if they lost Anouk, more worrying still: one in three failure and less chance for cross-comparisons. 
André rubbed his brow with the back of one hand. ‘Are you doing the PCR and computer rundowns on the samples as well?’
‘No. Marc is doing those.’
Marc Goffinet was at the far end of the room, three work places along on the same lab bench as David Copell, peering into a microscope and periodically lifting up to tap details into a computer.
But what panicked André the most, set his pulse pounding, was the way in which he’d played everything up with Delatois. As Delatois became entrenched in his waiting game, every so often in passing André in the corridor or on one of his infrequent visits to their lab unit, he’d ask how everything was going and André would say fine, fine. Everything’s going well. Right on track. The truth was far removed. He was behind in practically every test target he’d set originally, and now the disaster of the T-cell count dropping again in one of the samples.
Yet André had played it up every time because he had the uneasy feeling that it was all part of Delatois’ waiting game: he was measuring and balancing how their experiments were going against the problems possibly lurking in the background with the investigation. And if it suddenly looked as if things weren’t going well, Delatois might decide to cut his losses early, make a pre-emptive strike by ousting him and David immediately. So each time André eagerly nodded, Yes, good, fine. Better than expected. In the hope that later he’d be able to catch up and make good on his promises. But now his promises and the reality were moving even further apart, practically out of reach of each other.
And what had now compounded everything, added that final nightmare shot to the whole problem cocktail, was that buoyed up by his progress reports, Delatois had chosen tonight’s regular three-monthly open forum for visiting doctors and researchers to announce how well their mangabey-Aids programme was going. 
André felt the intense pressure of it all clutching like an iron claw in his chest as he crossed the room.
David Copell saw him first and half swivelled on his chair, but Goffinet, more heavily absorbed in whatever was at the end of his microscope, didn’t look up until he was only two paces away.
‘How long before you’ve run the new samples through the PCR and computer?’ His voice was taut and wavered with his uneven breath. ‘Marielle’s just finished her first stage of flushing through.’ 
‘Four or five hours.’ Marc shrugged. ‘Three if it needs a push.’
‘It needs a push.’ André looked towards David. ‘Anything yet on viruses or infections that might have led to Bridgitte’s immunity depleting?’
‘Nothing significant showed up so far. Just the normal monkey mild infections – RSV, B-Virus, Shigella. But a couple of the others have those also.’
André checked his watch. Already 4.20 p.m. Six-thirty for Delatois’ reception, then straight after the meeting with Charlotte – he’d tried to put it off until tomorrow, but she was busy then and it just couldn’t wait for two days. It was turning out to be one of those days. 
He’d hoped to have news before Delatois’ reception, but at least he’d know that evening – halfway through if he asked Goffinet to slip in with a note as soon as he had the results – just how far the bold claims he’d fed Delatois were from reality, how much ground he had to make up. Or whether it could be made up at all.
 

7

The second e-mail appeared on Dani Stolk’s computer five days later:
So, what you going to do? I know you. It’s not like you to just sit back and do nothing. Or to be stuck for what to do. But if you need some suggestions – just ask.

It was true, she had done nothing. But it had occupied her thoughts every other minute of the past days, and in that respect she’d in fact done quite a lot. Sorted a fair few mental drawers and files. Andy Luttman: too meek and scientifically introspective, not ambitious or concerned enough with rivalry to make a play; John Page ditto, except that he carried a flame for Kirsten and so that might have pushed him over the edge into action; Mithil Senadhira, too nice and too new – still trying hard to ingratiate himself and be everyone’s friend to risk getting involved with department political battles; Russ Hebbard himself, a strong possibility – he was certainly sharp and ambitious enough and a crafty double-play like this might appeal to him; Kirsten Bremner, the other main suspect, except for the phraseology of that first e-mail. Now this one too was distinctly complementary. 
	The only slight difference this time was the sender name, phil19 instead of phil46, but the address was the same: @cybriv.com. 
She’d done most of her mental sorting within hours of the first e-mail arriving, and her first instinct had been to answer it, draw the sender out; maybe in a second note they’d say something that would give them away. But then she thought: that’s what the sender would expect her to do. So she decided to play things up, grab a little bit of control by frustrating them with no answer. Meanwhile she roamed and made contact more than she did normally, looking for small signals that might give them away. An anxious ‘Are you okay. Everything alright?’ Or even just a sharp or challenging look. Eyes lingering on her a second longer than they should, measuring. Anything. But there was nothing. She’d even spread her wings to cellular biology and virology on the two floors below – she visited them three times in as many days when normally they’d be lucky to see her once a week – before deciding that none of the eight ARs there were interested or involved enough in Oncology inter-wrangling to make a play.    
By day four she was at her wits’ end, felt that perhaps she’d used the wrong tactic and should have answered within the first twenty-four hours to draw the sender out. What if they never sent a follow-up message? She’d be left forever wondering. So when another message did finally arrive, she answered it straight away:
You’re right. I do need some help with this one. What do you suggest I do?

The reply was on her screen first thing the next morning:
Why not try the same ruse you played with Kirsten Bremner. After all, it would only mean going back and changing a couple of lines in your file notes. 
She read the reply three times over, her mouth poised mid-bite on her early morning Danish, her heart beating wildly. Whoever it was knew what had happened with Bremner. Kalpenski urged them all to regularly transfer computer file notes to each other, then every two weeks send them to him so that he had a complete electronic record of work in progress. Kalpenski had last fall set them the task of discovering how P53 – one of the body’s main natural tumour suppressants – responded to various anti-cancer drugs. Their most significant find was that only two types, wtP53 and quasi-wtP53, proliferated significantly across a range of drugs tested. Herself and Kirsten Bremner discovered this more or less at the same time, but she didn’t feel like sharing the glory. So she went back into her file notes of the night before and altered two lines to make reference to this in order to gain precedence. While Bremner might not have even read her file notes of the night before or, even if she had, could easily have missed the two lines – Dani had always harboured the uneasy feeling that Bremner suspected what she’d done. ‘I mentioned it in my file notes of yesterday. Remember?’ 
	Bremner had looked slightly perplexed, then just nodded numbly, red-faced, as she checked her computer a moment later. 
	But this was different. Her last file note to Russ Hebbard was six days ago, Hebbard had mentioned his breakthrough with Quinazoline to Kalpenski four days ago when Kalpenski phone from Geneva; and Hebbard’s file note to Kalpenski, as with the rest of them, would have been made two days ago. It just wasn’t workable in the same way.
	Besides, looking at the message now she was becoming more convinced that it was Bremner, Page or Hebbard springing a trap, especially since the more obvious responses would immediately incriminate her. And so this time she answered simply, guardedly:
Ruse played with Bremner? I don’t know what you’re talking about.
The answer was waiting for her the next morning:
Yes you do. And if you don’t already know Hebbard’s password, it’s hld48573 and Kalpenski’s is lpdk7639. Don’t forget, you haven’t got much time left. Kalpenski returns from Geneva the day after tomorrow. 
She felt her whole body run cold, a shiver running up her spine. It felt like the person was speaking to her directly, knew her every move and thought – but who? Who? – then had taken it a step further, thought of a couple of things she’d missed: Kalpenski had been away on a round trip visiting research faculties and drug companies in Switzerland and Germany. All the file notes were still sitting on his computer, unseen. If she could get to his computer before… but it was just too risky without first knowing who was sending the messages. Who? It still smelt too much like a trap.
	Her eyes darted wildly around the office. She needed help with this. Senadhira seemed the only likely candidate. He was the only one she was remotely friendly with – perhaps because, like her, he’d fought to get where he was, had bus-boy’d and hospital porter’d while doing his PHd. But she remembered Senadhira telling her that it’d been a toss up between medicine and software programming and that one of his brothers was a big fish in the computer industry. She beckoned him over.
	‘Mithil. Do you recognize this e-mail address?’ She wrote down the address from the first message sent: phil46@cybriv.com. ‘Or have any idea where it might have originated?’
	‘No, I’m afraid not.’
	‘Oh, I see.’ Her hopes sank.
	He ran one hand through his wavy dark hair, and smiled. ‘But I think I might be able to track it down for you. I’ve got the most wonderful e-mail address finder.’ He went back to his computer two desks away and started tapping, his eyebrows knitting for a moment in consternation before lifting again. ‘Not an exact address, I’m afraid – but a general location. The cybriv tag belongs to a chain of internet cafés: Cyberling Rivalry. Quite a large chain, they’ve got a fair few branches all over.’
	Her hopes sank again. A chain of faceless internet cafés. She’d never track down the sender.
	‘They’ve in fact got one downtown, on Arch Street,’ Senadhira said. ‘A marvellously inventive name too, don’t you think? Almost as catchy as that West-coast chain, Easy.com, easy.go. My brother thought at one time of –’
	She held one hand up. She usually had more time for Senadhira’s jovial, if often aimless, banter, but not now. The second that he’d mentioned that there was a Cyberling Rivalry café on Arch Street she’d punched out the number, and Bell Enquiries answered after the first ring. She got the number and dialled out immediately again.
	‘Cyberling. Greg speaking.’
	‘I’ve been receiving e-mails from a branch of Cyberling Rivalry, and I wondered if it might be yours?’
	‘Each branch ends in the same cybriv-dot-com. What’s the sender name?’
	‘Oh, uh, Phil46 one time, Phil19, another.’
	‘Yeah, that’s us. Philadelphia, computers 46 and 19. We’ve got 78 altogether here.’
	‘But I’ve been sending return messages. How would they get those?’
	‘They all go to a central server. Everything’s time-slotted and we ask the user if they want return messages held or not. They then go into their computer number and time slot for when they next come in.’
	But when Dani gave the times and computer numbers and asked who might have sent the messages, she drew a blank. They didn’t hold that sort of information and, even if they did, wouldn’t divulge it.
‘Anonymity’s part of the service here. Most people pay cash, and when they come in to pick up their messages they’re just Mr or Mrs X, computer 20, time slot 11, day 14. We don’t know any more beyond that, and don’t wanna know.’
	‘Right. Thanks anyway.’ She clutched lightly at one side of her hair as she hung up. Senadhira fired her a tight-lipped smile of sympathy.
	She looked again at the times of the messages: the earliest was sent at 7.12 p.m., the latest at 7.43 p.m. The only way she was going to find out was by sending a reply and then staking out Cyberling Rivalry between 7.00 p.m. – 8.00 p.m. to see who picked it up.

‘…This year has seen notable advancements in drug treatment research at the Institute. The development of more sophisticated Protease Inhibitors, for example, but – perhaps more importantly – how these may be combined with other drugs, most notably Nucleoside Analogues, to provide effective AIDS treatment. Out of clinical test samples run with eighteen patients…’
André faded out Delatois’ voice coming over the PA system and looked around.  A forty-foot square reception area, it was two-thirds full with doctors, researchers – only half of which were from the ISG – and the main people Delatois’ biannual round-up speech was aimed at: ISG stockholders and a sprinkling of scientific journalists. The room was a half-basement with a cathedral-height ceiling, so that it was overlooked by the building’s main entrance foyer and two floors above in gallery style. The room’s guests, in turn, could see where much of the ISG’s recent wealth had been poured: on the first floor Europe’s most complete virology library; going up, second floor, more records, many of them now microfiched for space ‘and a computer database second to none’. More than once André had been caught behind visiting notables being given the guided tour. He dabbed at his brow with the back of one hand as his gaze settled again on the entrance foyer. Where was David? He promised that he’d come in as soon as Goffinet had the final tests results, hopefully before Delatois started his speech. 
‘… seen significant advancements also in our gene therapy programmes incepted last year: antigen-specific CTLs and neo-resistance genes. And our key programme from the previous year, anti-HIV Ribozymes, was entered into phase two clinical trials just last month…’
Delatois was already well into his stride. André’d stayed as long as he could with David and Goffinet waiting on a result, then had rushed at the last minute to the reception, putting on a tie as he ran across the main courtyard of the ISG compound, was already in a sweat as he’d walked in. Now, again, he could feel his skin hot and prickling. He stopped dabbing at his brow as he noticed Dr Valmy, one of their main research rivals at the Censier Faculty de Medicin, looking over at him through the crowd. 
	Valmy, an eccentric looking character with a handlebar moustache and an unruly mop of curly brown hair, who always wore bright bow ties to occasions like this, started edging his way through the crowd and milling waiters with hors d’oeuvres trays towards him. André averted his gaze, tried to appear to be concentrating on what Delatois was saying, but it was already too late. Valmy jostled through the last few yards and then leant in close so that his voice didn’t carry.
	‘Well, well, not a bad year. If the venerable Doctor Delatois is to be taken at his word.’
	‘Seems so.’ André fired Valmy only a brief courteous smile before turning his attention back to Delatois on the small rostrum at the end of the room.
	‘…Significant progress too in our AAVs and gene-targeting programmes, much of it aided by the new equipment installed earlier this year.’ Delatois referred to his notes as he gave technical details of the equipment. 
‘This gene-therapy, I don’t know.’ Valmy shook his head. ‘Four years in and I ask you – just how far ahead are we?’
	‘It’s early days yet.’ André could have added that with the gene identification programme still not even completed, what did Valmy expect? Or elaborate on a few cases – aside from how far progressed he might or might not be with the mangabeys – to support that breakthroughs were probably closer at hand than Valmy might appreciate. But he reminded himself to be on guard with Valmy, keep his answers short and non-committal. The eccentric, absent-minded professor look had caught many unawares, Valmy was a past master at sharp, often combative comment to draw out his rivals, and then the next thing they’d see their comments ridiculed in a re-buff is some scientific journal. Maybe that was what Valmy was trying to do, draw him out about progress with the mangabeys? André risked a quick glance back towards the entrance foyer. Where was David?
	‘When you look at the tremendous progress made with drugs and combination therapies – it hardly warrants comparison,’ Valmy said.
	André met Valmy’s trite smile evenly. A predictable statement, he supposed, given that Valmy had largely ignored gene therapy and had focused all of his work on combination drugs treatment. But recalling Eban’s reaction to the drastic regime of drugs, so debilitated at times that he couldn’t walk, lift his schoolbag or even eat a single mouthful, this time André couldn’t resist a comment. ‘Yes, I suppose we have come a long way from the dark days of AZT which gave half the patients incurable cancer within three years, when their life expectancy with HIV was probably ten years or more. Now all they have to put up with is ten years of muscle cramps and vomiting and wishing they were dead.’ 
	‘At least we’re keeping them alive. We’ve already extended life expectancy by four or five years. In a couple of years time it could be six or seven, or even indefinitely.’
	‘Yes, but it’s hardly a… a long-term solution.’ André avoided the word ‘cure’; the first lesson of virology was that a virus could never be cured, it was merely diminished to a state where the body could co-exist and cope with it, like flu. ‘The admission is right there, “keeping them alive” – because that’s all you’re doing. At least with gene therapy there’s some real hope of kick-starting the body’s immune system to fight and eventually defeat HIV. No more ten-year drug debilitation programmes.’
	‘But unlike me, my friend, nothing you’ve done as yet has actively helped a single AIDS sufferer. It’s all just theory.’ Valmy’s smug smile was quick to re-surface. ‘And now all of this monkey business.’ Valmy’s tone was undisguisedly derogatory as he looked towards Delatois.
	‘…When earlier this year Doctor Lemoine identified SIV in the mangabeys similar to human HIV, but this time with the all-important R gene which has been absent in all other primates so far studied…’
	André’s heart sank. Delatois had already hit the topic, and still no sign of David. But then what was he going to do? Hold his hand up and stop Delatois mid-speech, say that there’d been some complications?
	‘In a few thousand years I suppose our immune defences to HIV might have evolved to catch up with theirs,’ Valmy muttered under his breath. ‘But hoping to leap-frog that now?’
	‘…Dr Lemoine has recently returned from Cameroon with four mangabeys to provide live samples, and both vitro and ex-vivo tests have shown marked improvements in T-cell counts. No treatment so far known has shown this potential, and it has significant implications for gene therapy and future AIDS vaccines. Possibly the most significant AIDS breakthrough of this decade.’
	A faint ripple of applause broke out and André nodded in acknowledgement, his face flushing slightly as a number of heads turned towards him. Or perhaps suggest that claims shouldn’t be made too boldly given that their research still had some way to go? Too late for that now. Delatois was eagerly firing up a PR express train, possibly headed for derailment before it had hardly started. The applause and Delatois’ voice over the PA seemed to echo in his head, and he felt suddenly dizzy, nauseous, felt increasingly awkward with each approving smile turned his way; and as he glanced away for a second he saw David approaching the foyer gallery rails.
	David stood there uncertainly as he surveyed the scene below and made no move his way; perhaps because so much attention was on him at that moment, or because Valmy was so close. He needed to get away from Valmy to hear the results from David.
	‘You don’t seem as excited by Delatois’ announcement as you should be.’ Valmy raised one eyebrow acutely. ‘Something troubling you?’
	‘Perhaps because unlike you I don’t wallow in these sort of glory announcements. And you shouldn’t be so hard on monkeys. Most of us just share gene similarities with them; in your case it goes some way beyond that. Excuse me.’
But only two steps away from Valmy, judging from David’s taut expression, he’d already guessed what the results said.  

Dani Stolk laid out her plans in advance – Cyberling Rivalry was fifty yards from the 9th St junction with Arch St, so she should leave no later than 6.30 p.m. to get there for 7 p.m. – then sent her reply just after lunch:
What do you want out of all of this? Why do you want to help me?
Her hand hovered over the keyboard for a second as she pondered whether to add – Who are you? – before deciding against it. They weren’t going to tell her. They’d either say nothing or lie, but worst of all it would alert them that she was eager to know, they’d be more likely to be defensive, perhaps lay diversionary tactics to foil her tracking them.
	The second she’d sent the message, the hustle and bustle of the office crashed back in. Kalpenski’s secretary, Tara Adams, down from his 16th floor office to talk to John Page about something; Senadhira calling out to one of the lab assistants about some tyrosine kinase results; Andy Luttman looking up at her briefly before putting his head back down to some files before him; Kirsten Bremner studying her computer screen, not paying her any attention; Hebbard in the fourth biohazard unit along.
	She felt claustrophobic, trapped, couldn’t bear it, this feeling that one of them was playing her, silently observing her every move, her every action. Like just another cell or microbe under the microscope. She needed to be alone for a while with her thoughts. She grabbed a file and headed towards the Flow Cytometry room, but at the last second noticed a lab assistant inside. She moved two along to the CELL-ULA room.
	CELL-ULA had the most stringent safeguards of all the biohazard rooms – not because of the danger of what was handled there, but because of possible movement disturbing its sensors. Dani had to put on specially cushioned boots as well as a lab coat, and display a time for the length of experiment – which she set at 75 minutes – so that she wasn’t disturbed.
	CELL-ULA, Ultramicrometer Linkage and Analysis – the name moulded in the Spheros boardroom to create that catchy tag that would hopefully go down well with investors and the stock market. Everything they did now had one eye on the markets, even more so after the Gifford Awards. One of only six of its type worldwide, in layman’s terms the CELL-ULA counted, measured and cross-compared cell progressions. From a few simple parameters fed in, it provided projected results that could take months or years to discover through conventional lab testing. With the optimum word being projected: they still needed to run conventional tests to prove its findings. But it was an invaluable tool in indicating where or where not to head and the likely end results. And they’d discovered that it was uncannily accurate: 93.7% hit rate, up from 92.4% a year ago. As they fed it more data, it became more ‘intelligent’.
	Dani slid out a tray of uterine samples she’d been working on a few days ago, fed them into the CELL-ULA, then started keying in data from her files. The main cell-reading unit was rubber- and air-cushioned, but still its keyboard and screen were positioned on a work bench ten clear feet away to cut down on the risk of vibrations transferring. It was said that even a cough or a sneeze could throw off its delicate micro-millionth counting process.
	Dani stayed very still, tried not to move, shuffle her feet or even swallow too hard. A couple of people passed and glimpsed through the door screen, but nobody disturbed her; times posted were always strictly observed. Just the sort of peace and stillness she wanted, like solitary confinement. And as she sank deeper into it, watching the white lines of codes and numbers appear on the blue screen, she became more conscious of the sounds of her own body: her shallow breathing, her heart pounding. Faster than it should. Who? Who?
	Maybe there was a return message waiting on her computer already. What if they didn’t reply tonight? The chance to do anything before Kalpenski returned would then be gone anyway.  
	By the end of the seventy-five minutes, the small room too had become claustrophobic, stifling. She didn’t trouble to check the data from the CELL-ULA, couldn’t concentrate on anything else at that moment, couldn’t wait to see if there was a return message for her.
	She stripped off the white gown and boots, strode across the office, signed on and checked. Nothing. Only a reply from a Chicago lab she’d sent an enquiry to yesterday. She breathed a sigh of relief: if there had been one, she’d have lost the opportunity of tracking them that night, would have had to…
	‘What?’ She jumped as she noticed Russ Hebbard hanging over her shoulder.
 	‘I said, nothing new from me the last few days.’ That weak, smug smile that so irritated her. ‘But I hope to be sending out some update notes on Quinazoline in a couple of days time.’
	‘Right. Thanks. I’ll look out for it.’ She met his gaze and mirrored his smile just as weakly. Was Hebbard baiting her, trying to read behind her eyes how fazed she was, or was this just his normal smug oafishness, thinking that they all had little better to do than regularly check their computers for his next golden morsel on Quinazoline? 
	She clock-watched for much of the rest of the afternoon, shuffled papers, gazed blankly at items on her computer, didn’t pay attention to much, and left sharply at 6.20 p.m.
	But the rush hour hadn’t trailed off yet, and it was slow going, eat into the extra minutes she’d given herself.  And when a car ahead paused and then stopped on orange at the 13th Street junction, didn’t make the leap across, she beeped and banged her fist on the steering wheel in frustration. The 9th St junction was where the city’s downtown skyscrapers gave way to Chinatown one side and the Old City the other, and parking too was difficult, eat up more time. The closest she could get was a block up on Cherry St, and she practically ran from her car, glancing at her watch as she went: 7.04 p.m.
 	Breathless, she stood twenty yards along on the opposite side from Cyberling Rivalry, and observed.  Hopefully she hadn’t already missed them and wasn’t too obvious. She’d positioned herself by a news-stand and a tree so that she was partially obscured and could turn and appear to be browsing newspapers if someone looked her way. 
 	Nothing for the first twenty minutes, nobody she recognized. Though by then she’d attracted the attention of a tramp on the corner, who sized her up for a moment before approaching. She gave him a dollar to get rid of him quickly, though when she looked again towards the entrance she noticed a couple of people that she’d missed, now obscured by a larger group behind. 
	Then a city bus stuck in a tail-back of traffic obscured her view of the entrance for another minute or so. Maybe five or six people now she’d missed going in. And when eight minutes later the tramp on the corner was joined by a friend, now also looking her way, probably wondering whether she was good for another dollar, and a truck pulled in blocking her view again – she decided to head across.
	She paused for a car passing on her side, the truck started moving, and, as she gained a clear view of the entrance again, she saw the profile of a figure she recognized: stone grey hair, dark serge overcoat. 
	She halted mid-step and turned a hundred and eighty degrees as the figure started to look towards her. Had he seen her? Her heart beat wildly, her throat dry, as she paced briskly back the way she’d come. Now who had been replaced with a more perplexing why? It made little sense. She couldn’t grasp any immediate rationale.
	Her stride picked up with each step so that soon she was almost at a run, her breath ragged by the time she reached the car, started up and pulled out. 
	Why? Why? The question bounced around in her mind with few tangible answers as she sped back to the lab. She’d let her mind roam freely through work colleagues for culprits, but it had never even considered anyone above: Kalpenski or his counterparts in virology and cellular biology. Let alone the echelon above that, the rarefied sanctums of the Spheros boardroom. Why on earth would someone in Julius Chisholm’s position be interested in the petty wrangling among Kalpenski’s minions?  
	She flashed her pass at the guard, rode up the fifteen floors, darted across to her computer, booted up and signed on. There was a message there. Her hand trembled on the mouse as she double-clicked and opened it up:
Because I believe you have an edge which the others don’t possess. A drive to succeed at all costs. What you decide to do about Hebbard will either confirm or deny that. One way or the other.
She checked the time it had been sent: 7.41. p.m., four minutes after she’d seen Chisholm go into Cyberling Rivalry. There was little doubt remaining that it was him. She re-read the short message three times over, but still it provided few clues as to why.
 

8

	‘…Gerard. Gerard Lacroix. You remember, I mentioned he had quite a successful show at the Villepinte exhibition a few months ago.’
	André had trouble focusing on what Charlotte was saying, his thoughts were still spinning with calculations: average T-cell count drop of 11 in just 8 days. How long before they returned to their base line test readings? Five weeks, six? ‘I’m not sure,’ he said, narrowing his eyes slightly as he sipped at his coffee, as if he was applying thought to trying to recall rather than to his own problems. The name didn’t seem to ring a bell.
	‘After that show we decided to collaborate on a few designs together, so he’d come over to my workshop for a couple of hours usually on a Tuesday and, if we were on a tight deadline to finish something, on a Friday as well. I think you saw him a couple of times when you picked up Joël and Eban. Quite tall, wavy black hair.’ 
	‘Oh yes, yes. I remember now.’ He remembered a man in his late thirties looking at him with sullen curiosity before being introduced briefly, and then him just as quickly forgetting the name. Was the rate of T-cell decline increasing? It was certainly more rapid at the outset than last time, but by how much? 
Charlotte drew hard on her cigarette and looked thoughtfully at the back of a man in a bright cheque jacket and lilac trilby hat who’d brushed close by their table. 9.11 p.m., and the streets of St Michel were humming with life. André said that he’d snacked at the reception, she’d had a small bite before leaving and so could manage only a pastry, so they’d headed to Café Monteaucon where she’d ordered an apple tart and mineral water and he just a coffee. Gas heaters under the canvas awnings fought back the chill of the October night, and the terrace was almost full. One of Charlotte’s perfectly manicured crimson nails tapped at the table-top.
	‘Then, five or six weeks ago, we started to do more work together. It wasn’t particularly planned, it was just that some things from our respective collections seemed to complement each other well, and so it was an avenue we both wanted to explore more. Our first big success was at a show in Orleans a couple of weeks back...’
	André lost her at that point, his thoughts drifting again. Average T-cell drop of 67 over 9 weeks last time, but there’d been a curve to the progression, the fall rate decreasing in the last few weeks. If the same happened this time, perhaps in the end there wouldn’t be much difference between the two results. The case histories of the test patients could also play a vital factor. He couldn’t even start coming up with answers until he’d run detailed week by week, case by case, comparisons.  Suddenly, all he could think about was heading back to the lab to start on them. ‘Sorry… what happened?’ He focused back on what Charlotte was saying. She seemed to be anxious, eyes darting, as she waited for his response. 
	‘It just happened between us, you know… like these things do.’ Her finger tapped faster at the table-top and she took a long, hard draw of her cigarette. ‘My God, it’s not easy for me, you know, asking you here and telling you like this. The least you could do is pay attention.’
	‘I’m sorry. It’s just some panic that’s come up with some test results, and I don’t have much time to sort it out.’
	She shook her head and smiled tightly. ‘Never any different. There was always some panic or problem with your work, André. And meanwhile everything else got forgotten.’ This time she blew out her smoke in an elaborate billow, as if it somehow contained all the cobwebs of their life together. ‘Which is why we are where we are now.’ 
	Charlotte was uncomfortably right, little André could say in his own defence, and he should have realized that Charlotte asking for this meeting now, urgently, wouldn’t be just to discuss the recent tribulations of her fashion business. They’d agreed at the outset that they could have separate relationships – in part because Charlotte’s affair which had led to the split continued for some months after – so why the need for any announcement now? Perhaps because so long had passed since that last affair, or purely out of politeness, deference. André felt a sudden stab of alarm.
	‘You don’t want a divorce, do you?’ That was the final step they’d agreed not to take until Joël was a few years older and could hopefully understand. Meanwhile they could all live in hope of a reconciliation.
	‘No, no. I just thought you should know before you found out somewhere else. From the children, for example.’  
	‘They don’t know, do they?’ Rule two of their separation. Any relationships should be discreet, kept from the children.
	‘No. I’ve been careful. I only go out with Gerard on the nights you have them. But sometimes he’s there and we’re working together when you drop them off and, you know, often children are much more intuitive than we give them credit for.’ Another carefully blown smoke plume. ‘Sometimes they pick up on these things.’ 
	‘Oh, right.’ All the other signals gelled in that instant: on the last few visits her asking him to be more precise about the time he was arriving with the children; her sudden lift in mood two weeks ago, no doubt about the time her and Gerard started getting serious. And as usual he’d been too absorbed with his work to notice. For a while now he’d stopped thinking about Charlotte romantically or about what he wanted for himself from the wreckage of their relationship; how she was fairing and coping had become the only concern, and so he was actually glad that this Gerard had made her feel more confident again, had eased some of her worry lines and put the trace of a smile on her lips. But reminding himself now of what Gerard looked like, he couldn’t help thinking of the possible downside as well. Charlotte’s nerves couldn’t take another disastrous break-up like the one with Pierre. ‘He looks quite young. How old is he?’
	‘Mid-thirties. Why? What difference would that make?’
	‘Umm.’ It was like walking on egg-shells. So many of Charlotte’s problems, both emotionally and in business, stemmed from her trying to recapture the 80s glory days of her fashion business. Everything was brighter and better then? One of the best periods both for your marriage and your business? Yes, the eighties was the most successful period for my business, and Veruschka was born then. And so it’s natural that you would try and re-create that. But others can also see that need in you and try and take advantage of it. At least the fiasco with Pierre and the subsequent psychiatric sessions had brought it to the fore, got her to finally face what those close to her had seen for years. ‘Just that after Pierre,’ André said, ‘I’d have thought younger men would have been well worth avoiding.’
	‘Oh, don’t be ridiculous.’ She waved one hand away dismissively. ‘The age difference this time is only six years. It’s nothing. Pierre was only twenty-eight, so that time I admit I was reaching for it.’ She pulled hard on her cigarette and puffed it out. ‘Being silly.’
André looked at her. Her blonde hair was piled up high and she was still swan-necked and slim and always immaculately presented; and, when she was relaxed and confident like now, she could pass for five years younger than her forty-two years. But as he well knew, the other side of her, the tension and neurosis, was just a beat away, could change in the flicker of an eye with the wrong thing said; and then the taut lines would show and slim would quickly become gaunt and she’d look drawn, a tense wire of a woman on the edge, and those five years and more would suddenly pile back on. And from what he’d seen Gerard was a smooth and good-looking mid-thirties, could easily attract a woman five or ten years younger rather than older, and so he only hoped that Gerard saw the Charlotte he was looking at now, that she was careful not to let the mask down with him. One other thing suddenly concerned him about Gerard. 
‘And he hasn’t asked you for money?’ he enquired.
‘No, no. Of course not. He has his own successful business. Why on earth would he?’ But there was a flicker for a moment in her eyes that André read as uncertainty. Then, as her expression became tense and she brusquely flicked the ash from her cigarette onto the ground, perhaps it was simply because she was stung by the comment. ‘And, quite frankly, I find that suggestion offensive: that you think the only thing a younger man might want me for is money.’
‘No, it’s not that.’ He closed his eyes for a second in submission and shook his head. ‘I suppose after your problems with Pierre, it’s just not wanting a repeat. Probably I’m being too protective. Something I lost the right to be a while ago without realizing.’
She looked ahead, her eyes fixing on nothing in particular in the bustling street, and her expression was slow in relaxing back. André felt the heat of one of the gas burners against the back of his neck in strong contrast to the cool wind that whipped round the buildings and struck one cheek. Across the street a fishmonger picked out some prawns for a client from the brightly-lit display that made up the frontispiece for the restaurant and oyster bar behind.
	Too protective? At least in that way he still cared for her, didn’t want to see her hurt again. Was that all that was left of their relationship, their years together? He was now little more than an emotional counsellor, a secondary psychiatrist? And, as they started talking lightly about other topics du jour – Eban and the aftermath of Eric’s arrest – he felt a strange resentment slowly building within him. For it struck him that with his work he’d become conditioned to think of others, the greater cause, and now so much else in his life had become an extension of that; he’d long ago lost sight of what he wanted for himself from anything. Since returning from Cameroon, what with Anouk’s illness and the problems with Eric, and now struggling to fend off Delatois to keep his job, he’d hardly had a chance to draw breath; and if anyone had the right to be paranoid, neurotic, it was him. Yet Charlotte had robbed him even of that; that was her domain and there couldn’t be two of them falling apart at the same time, and so they’d slipped into the familiar roles of her panicking and him consoling that everything was going to be all right. And this time he resented her for it, for denying him an emotion – anxiety or panic or whatever – that was more rightly his at that moment than hers. 
	‘So you’re not saying that you think I can no longer attract a younger man?’ she quizzed, looking at him aslant.
‘No, no. Of course not.’ He reminded himself that despite Gerard buoying her spirits, her shell was still frail.  
‘I mean, I’ve only been to your place a few times, and I’ve seen the way that that Marielle looks at you.’
‘Don’t be ridiculous. I’m seventeen years older than her.’ As he met Charlotte’s steady gaze, she merely gave a teasing half smile and raised one eyebrow. He sipped at his coffee and shrugged. ‘She gives that look to Goffinet too, and he’s gay. It’s her normal look. She has a naturally seductive smile.’
‘Oh, is that it?’ Charlotte held the smile as she looked straight ahead.
‘Besides, she’s got a boyfriend.’
‘I thought he used to beat her.’
‘That was the last one. She got rid of him. She’s got a new one now – he’s okay.’
‘Oh, right.’
Finally they seemed to have circled around enough to return to the main topic. She held her pout for a second after blowing out her cigarette smoke, her expression becoming pensive. She reached out one hand and laid it lightly across his. ‘I’m sure everything will work out okay with Gerard. But I thought I should tell you.’
‘Yes, yes. Probably best I knew, if nothing else because of the children.’ He closed his eyes for a second in acceptance and patted her hand back. ‘And I’m sure you’re right, I’m worrying for nothing.’ But he wondered whether, despite his concerns, he was trying to convince himself because for the time being Gerard had eased her trademark neurosis; and with everything else he had on his plate at that moment, it was one less thing to cope with. At least in that respect, for once, he probably was being selfish.

Because I believe you have an edge which the others don’t possess. A drive to succeed at all costs. What you decide to do about Hebbard will either confirm or deny that. One way or the other.
Dani Stolk finally lifted her head from staring at the message, picking apart every word and possible hidden meaning. The last remaining secretary on her floor had just switched off her computer and was starting to clear away papers, and John Page was in the CELL-ULA room showing a finish time of 8.15 p.m., twelve more minutes. She should be alone after that. 
	What to do? What to do? It could be a trap, as she’d first thought. But why would Chisholm bother to come down from his lofty boardroom to get involved with the inter-wrangling of ARs? And especially not to go to these lengths. Surely he’d have just summoned her to his office and confronted her. Maybe he had high principles about things like that, wanted to see justice done whatever it took; but again it seemed out of step with the Machiavellian way he’d gone about everything. High principles and Machiavelli didn’t sit well together.
	Machiavelli and low principles: now that was a possibility. But what grand plans could Chisholm possibly have for her to make it worth his while going to all of this trouble? Her thoughts went around in circles, ricocheting off possibilities, until they were back again at the likelihood that it was a trap. Then shifted again, probably not, and back.
	Her mind was in turmoil, her body flushing hot and cold, her hands still shaking from the rush to Cyberling Rivalry. She panned through what she could recall from the few times she’d been in Julius Chisholm’s company for small clues: a nervous tic, a frown or smile, an admiring or disapproving glance, something maybe that he’d said; anything.
	The only thing that struck a chord was the way he’d looked at her briefly during the announcement of the Gifford Awards: a hint of tease, challenge in his eyes. It could have been the excitement with the size of the prizes, or what he was expecting from them as a team in order to win one. But then she hadn’t noticed him share that look as well with Kalpenski or Hebbard; it was as if Chisholm had singled her out.
	But what if she was wrong? What if he was just flirting with her? Or he was just more comfortable sharing his exuberance with women, an extension of his regular role-play with his wife or girlfriend. That was another question: was he married, single, gay? She knew absolutely nothing about him; he was a total dark horse. Whereas he no doubt knew practically everything about her. The thought made her uneasy, once again feel like something under the microscope.
	She jolted as a door shut at the end of the room. John Page said ‘Hi’ with a small wave, went to his desk and leafed through some papers. After a moment he looked and asked, ‘Anything I can help with?’ Perhaps he’d glanced out of the CELL-ULA room and noticed that she seemed perplexed, troubled.
	‘No, no. It’s okay. Some formulas I’m having problems with, but in a half-hour or so I’ll have cracked them. Get home to my pet cat.’
	He pushed a strained smile as if he was almost relieved she didn’t take him up on the offer. He stayed another ten minutes leafing through papers and checking something on his computer, then packed up and left. ‘See you tomorrow.’
	‘Yes, see you. Or maybe I’ll still be here and my cat will have starved.’ She fired back an equally meaningless smile. She was on her own.
	She closed her eyes and shuddered. Oh God. Perhaps she should do nothing: there were just too many parameters she couldn’t see, couldn’t take stock of. If it were a trap, her career would be ruined. She’d be fired from the Spheros and wouldn’t have a hope of finding a job anywhere else in research, unless it was cleaning Petri dishes.
	At least if she did nothing, everything would carry on as it was: Safe. She’d continue as an AR. Hebbard would get the glory over Quinazoline, so she’d probably stay in his shadow for a while. A long while, since he already had the advantage over her of longer experience. Then no doubt Hebbard would take over when Kalpenski retired, and she’d be stuck as an AR for another five or ten years – by which time she’d be an old maid! She clenched a fist tight on the desk top. 
Damn Chisholm, he certainly knew how to play her. That was the decision right there: make her move now or forever stay as an AR in Hebbard’s shadow. Risk her whole career – glory one side, ruin the other – on one toss of the coin. Make or break right now. She looked across at the clock accusingly, its second hand ticking down almost in time with the dull ache of her pulse at her temples. By tomorrow Kalpenski would be back and it would be too late. Now or never.

Wouldn’t last long. Just an expression, until you put shade and texture to it. In Eban’s case, with his T-cell count already dangerously low at 241, that meant anything from eight to eighteen months. In Goffinet’s case, with a T-Cell count of 426, he probably had a good four or five years left. But combination drug therapy could easily stretch that expectancy by another two or three years, and so much else could happen in the meantime with AIDS therapies and possible cures – not least his own endeavours – that it was hardly worth thinking about.
	So everything always started in André’s mind with Eban; Goffinet and everyone else became merely an extension of that singular focus. If he could cure Eban, then he could cure the rest. 
	André looked up from his notes and eased out a long breath. Except that now for the first time since the breakthrough with the grey mangabeys, he wasn’t sure if he would make it in time; if at all.
	He’d taken the minimum eight months Eban had left, then worked everything back from there. He reckoned it would take him six months to run all the necessary side reaction tests, purifications and selection of the ideal vector for administering the therapy, before getting to the phase 1 testing stage – therefore leaving two months leeway. But this current problem could easily eat up that two months and more. Particularly because it was no longer a straightforward problem, now they were dealing with a variable. The sample this time was decreasing more rapidly, would be back at the base line it started at in seven weeks rather than nine. Even if they found out the common denominator linking the two, they’d still have to answer why it declined faster the second time; they wouldn’t get near getting phase 1 test approval until they had. He’d known variables like that often hold up research for years rather than just months.
	And he’d also in part left that two months leeway because there was a point where Eban’s T-cell count would have dropped so low that his body wouldn’t be able to respond to the therapy; he’d be so weak that the treatment itself could kill him. So, if Eban’s final stages – a combination of his rate of T-cell decline and what opportunistic illnesses might strike in the meantime – hit early rather than late, there really was no leeway. No margin left.
	He ran one hand brusquely through his hair. After seeing Charlotte, he felt that he just couldn’t get his thoughts clear, wouldn’t be able to sleep until he’d compared David’s results with past file results to see exactly where he was. And so he’d phoned Veruschka to check if everything was okay with Joël and Eban, and said that he’d be delayed a bit, wouldn’t be back for an hour or so.
He hoped that the bicycle ride home might clear his thoughts. But he felt his eyes stinging and rapidly watering; not sure if it was the sudden wave of despair, of hopelessness gripping him over Eban, or from the cool wind-rush. He quickly shook it off, raised up in the saddle and pedalled faster.
	He blew Eban and Joël a kiss through the half-open bedroom door on his way to bed; then lingered there for a moment, looking at Eban’s sleeping profile in the faint light spilling in from the hallway.
	He’d focused everything on Eban, because the thought of trying to find a cure for millions was just too daunting, and somehow felt out of reach, unreal. Even the possible glory that went with it was a driving force more for the likes of Delatois than him. And so by focusing just on a cure for Eban it all suddenly became more tangible, real; and then by extension he could think of the thousands and millions of Ebans. Only then would it hit him; the weight in his chest would become leaden, the emotions at times so overwhelming that his whole body would tremble as if in fever, and he’d awake screaming in the dead of night, ‘No, too many. I can’t save them all,’ as again in his nightmare he crossed the bridge over the ever-expanding lines of tombstones.
	He started slowly closing the door, watched the stream of light narrow until it left just Eban’s face. So much easier to focus all of his grand aims on just one person, he thought; yet so much harder when those aims started to slip away, look out of reach.

Dani was shaking almost uncontrollably as she made the changes on Kalpenski’s computer, she could hardly keep her hands steady on the keyboard.
	It had been bad enough making the changes on Hebbard’s computer, but at least she’d been only yards away from her own desk. Here, she was on totally foreign ground, she hardly ever went up to Kalpenski’s office unless summoned. When she’d heard Josh, the building’s elderly security guard, approaching while she was on Hebbard’s computer, she’d quickly made her way back to her own desk. She knew that, upon seeing lights on, he might come along and check. As he’d looked through the glass doors and smiled at her, he’d noticed nothing unusual. From his angle he couldn’t see that Hebbard’s computer screen was on and, even if he had, he probably couldn’t remember whose computer was whose.
	But this was different. He’d be surprised to find her in Kalpenski’s office; so, three minutes after hearing him go down again in the lift, she’d put the light on in the CELL-ULA room, turned the dial to forty minutes time, and headed up to Kalpenski’s office without switching on any lights. If Josh passed by again, he’d assume she was in the CELL-ULA room. He couldn’t see the far sides of the room unless he got close to the small glass pane in its door. Unlikely: he’d see the ‘Don’t disturb until’ time posted from a distance.
	And so she worked on Kalpenski’s computer in near darkness: the only light was from the glow of the screen and spilling in from the corridor where lights were left on throughout the night. 
	Carefully match the number of word bytes to the original document and save the whole thing as a new document to match the old document name. Then go into Norton Delete and cover her tracks, matching the last Save times to when the document was originally received by Kalpenski. Almost exactly the same procedure she’d gone through on Hebbard’s computer. Then back to Windows and…
	She froze. The sound of the lift rising again. Stopping. The doors opening on her floor, footsteps coming out onto the corridor.
	She ducked down below the desk and held her breath. Who was it? Josh again, or perhaps Kalpenski back early from his trip? Or Tara, his secretary, returning because she’d forgotten something? She heard the footsteps shuffle hesitantly: probably Josh. Kalpenski or Tara would have just headed straight her way. But was he going through his normal check routine or pausing because he thought he could make out a faint glow from Kalpenski’s office beyond the light from the corridor?  
	At that moment the screen went into Saver, became a spinning spirograph that merged to form the Spheros logo; then a second later exploded back again into a spirograph. She broke into a sweat. The faint changes in light glow might bring his attention even more to it. She couldn’t switch off the computer, she’d lose all her changes; but she could unplug the screen. She reached out and after a few seconds fumbling, found the wire. She started tracing her hand up, but at that second the footsteps shuffled again, turned, then there was the sound of lift doors opening and closing. The lift started heading down again.
	Dani eased out a long breath. Never again. In the end she’d gone ahead based on the brief look Chisholm had fired her at the Gifford Awards; a look that told her it was more likely he had a plan in store for her than a trap. Her whole career gambled on a four-second glance. She must be mad. She waited a couple of minutes to get her breath and her nerve back, then went down, turned off the lights and left.
	She was still shaking as she drove home. She’d fired herself up that she was doing the right thing mostly due to her not wishing to face the prospect of years in the AR doldrums under Hebbard. But the nightmare of actually going through with it had sapped her spirit and nerve, and with it came a sinking despondency: she’d done the wrong thing. It had been a trap; that had been the most likely explanation all along. And now she’d just thrown her entire career down the toilet. As soon as she got home, she headed for the bathroom and was sick.
 

9

The second bomb went off in the Roswell district of Atlanta. This time, though, there was an injury in the blast: a thirty-one lab assistant, Stuart Greer, lost part of a leg and two fingers and suffered sever skin lacerations from flying debris and glass, mostly on those parts not covered by clothing, his face and hands. 
	The case was first of all handled by Atlanta PD. But then two days later computer searching brought up a bombing with a similar MO in Phoenix, Arizona less than a month before. The FBI were called in and it became a joint operation. 
	The files ended up on the desk of agent Todd Wenner, simply because he was the only one in the Atlanta Field office with any medical knowledge, having spent a year at medical college before dropping out and going to Quantico. He claimed that he’d realized too late that he felt queasy slicing through skin with a scalpel, but the truth was that even the smell of hospitals brought back the last year of visiting his mother when she died. He knew that with each patient he lost, the pain of that memory would resurface; he wouldn’t be able to face it. 
	Thirty-seven, married with two children, both girls, eight and five, his shiny-bald head and his passion for smoking strong cigarettes, Mahawats or dark Virginia slims, had earned him the nickname Kojak – though he never wore a hat or sucked a lollipop. He did in fact have some hair remaining, but it was so sparse and blond that he’d decided it looked pathetic; it was better to stay permanently shaved. 
‘So this was the centre of the explosion?’ Wenner crouched down beside a five-foot wide blue-painted circle. At the middle of the circle was a carbon-stained crater eight-inches deep in the concrete floor.
	‘Yeah. Pound of C4, taped under or in one of the drawers of the desk that was here. Damn near blew a hole clean through to the floor below.’ Lieutenant Lewis Eldridge, heading the Atlanta PD investigation, dabbed at his forehead with the back of one hand. It was a close, clammy day, and the electricity and air-conditioning for four floors had been knocked out by the explosion and wasn’t back on yet. Eldridge, a 300-pound ebony mountain of a man, seemed to be suffering with it.
	Wenner paced to the far end of the room and the chalked body marking. ‘And the injured party was found here.’ It was a statement more than a question and Eldridge just nodded. Wenner’s eyes measured a path back towards the blue circle: a good forty-eight, fifty feet by the look of it. ‘And the animals before they were let out – where would they have been?’
	‘Those two units at the end there.’ Eldridge pointed to the last two in a row of eight bio-hazard rooms.
	Wenner could see the glass screens blown out in all but one room, and the doors were shattered and off their hinges on three of those. ‘Any idea yet how long before the bomb went off were the animals set free?’
	Eldridge shrugged. ‘Not an exact time – but probably about fifteen, twenty minutes before. Enough time for one of the monkeys to make his way down to the lobby and the lab assistant, Stuart Greer, to get here. Greer wasn’t meant to be here, but when the security guard found himself facing a grinning monkey and more mice running around than a Pied Pipers convention, he had a number to ring and Greer lives only four minutes away. Greer had just got the monkey back up here… and booooom!’ Eldridge swept one arm out like an opera singer and then took another couple of dabs at his forehead. ‘Did they let the animals free in the last bombing?’
	‘No. No, they didn’t.’ But then that might have been because the animals were in an adjoining sealed annexe that wasn’t reached by the explosion. 
‘Any ideas yet who’s behind it?’
	‘Too early.’ Wenner pushed a tight smile. ‘But we should know more soon.’

Onion salad? Peppers? Hot salsa?
	Eban said ‘oui’ to each, nodding eagerly as Madame Ahlnaj, who ran the kebab and falafel bar fifty yards from their apartment building, piled up high his falafel in Arab bread.
	When the mountain was finished, she smoothed it out, rolled it in the bread and wrapped it in paper with just the roll-end showing almost in one motion. She handed it to Eban with a smile. ‘Now the little one. Joël, have you made your mind up yet?’ She perched one hand on her hip challengingly, as if she’d been waiting half the day rather than the half minute that had led her to serve Eban first while André and Joël looked on.
	‘I’ll have the chicken kebab, please.’ Joël’s voice was squeaky and high and his head was only just above the counter viewing Madame Ahlnaj’s display. He said yes to peppers, but no to onions and hot salsa.
	‘Lâche! Sissy,’ Eban chimed in. ‘Stomach not strong enough?’
	Joël looked hurt. ‘No, I just don’t like them, that’s all. They give me wind.’
	Eban burst out laughing. André smiled and playfully ruffled Joël’s hair, which raised a latent smile on Joel’s face as if he’d only just realized he’d been funny.
	‘I’m not having any of the hot stuff either,’ André said, patting his stomach. ‘Don’t want to end up with an ulcer. But since you have to share a room together, nice to know you’re being so thoughtful.’ One last hair ruffle and then André pointed out what he wanted as Madame Ahlnaj picked and piled with her lightning tongs.
	He’d bit his tongue to avoid adding that perhaps Eban shouldn’t have anything hot either; it could upset his stomach, already raw from the drugs he was taking. At times they needed these respites, these escapes from the overpowering shadow of Eban’s illness. When André saw him like this, going about his day-to-day activities as if he was just another normal little boy, it was easy to forget the dark shadow moving rapidly across the horizon towards them. 
	Two weeks until Christmas. André had set a tentative deadline of then to find the link between the T-cell abnormalities on the two samples, and tried to tell himself not to panic in the meantime. Worrying seemed to have a cloying effect, not leave his mind open for the chink of light that he hoped would suddenly shine through the mountain of data they’d waded through, burning the clock late at the lab most nights.
	Madame Ahlnaj’s, or the café five doors along that did take-away pizza with a choice of fifteen toppings and lasagne, or the corner bar that did burger or chicken with pommes frites, had become the mainstay of the children’s diets the past five weeks. André had rarely been home early, and when he was, like now, he didn’t have the energy to cook. He’d normally send the children out for take-away at most twice a week.
	But despite his mental conditioning, André felt seeds of panic setting in again. Though that might have been in part because Eric’s instruction hearing at which he, Hervé and David had to testify was now only three days away. André was dreading it. There’d been two huddled, back of café meetings – one in Paris, one in Nemours – between the three of them in the last ten days to get their final stories straight. They’d avoided using phones, were worried the police might be tapping them. They were acting like some Mafia clique rather than two doctors and a priest. 
	And he was fast running out of excuses with Delatois. He’d finally admitted, two weeks ago, that they’d had a small setback with the T-cell rate decreasing on one of the samples. He’d pushed it very much as a minor glitch, one that he expected would be sorted out very quickly. But Delatois had enquired about progress three times since, and on the last one two days ago he couldn’t help noticing that Delatois’ nods in response to his assurances were slightly weary, the first trace of scepticism creeping in.

	Perhaps Delatois had had his doubts for a while, but was just biding his time until the instruction. If a reporter picked up on the story, no doubt he and David would be out on their ears double-quick. Whether or not they discovered a link between the two samples by Christmas would be immaterial; it could all be over in a few days, the mangabey project dead in the water before it had hardly started. And any chances of saving Eban would die with it.
	André swallowed hard and brought his attention back to Madame Ahjlan as she confirmed a couple of final items he wanted in the kebab to take back for Veruschka. She wrapped it up and he paid.
	Maybe he too needed this sort of evening, take-away kebabs and watching TV with the children, to escape from all the madness, try and convince himself that everything in his own life was normal. But his step felt heavy as they crossed the road back to the apartment. And as he looked at Eban, smiling and joking with Joël as they walked ahead, he was reminded that that was one of the joys of being a child: it took so little to lift their spirits, make them forget. Sometimes he envied that simplicity.

‘Did you include something about Quinazoline in the file notes you sent me last week, two days after I left on my trip?’ Kalpenski had one eyebrow slightly raised, as if he held doubt or concern. 
	‘Yes. Yes, I did.’ She gave back the most level, calm look she could muster, but her stomach was doing somersaults. ‘You got it okay? No problems with it, is there?’
	He contemplated her a second longer, the eyebrow slowly deflating, before answering. ‘No, I got it okay, and no particular problems with its contents.’ He forced a taut, deferential smile. ‘It’s just something else I’m trying to clear up.’ He nodded curtly. ‘Thank you.’
	Hebbard, who no doubt had watched the exchange keenly from his desk, looked away quickly as she glanced round. He studied a file he had open on his desktop for a couple of seconds, then jumped up sharply and caught up with Kalpenski in the corridor. She watched a heated exchange between them through the glass with Hebbard doing most of the talking and Kalpenski nodding at intervals and finally laying a calming hand on Hebbard’s shoulder.
	Hebbard returned to his desk and buried his head back in his file; and it soon became painfully obvious that he was avoiding all eye contact with her. Ten minutes later Kalpenski’s PA, Tara, came down and approached him and, after a few words, they left together. No doubt summoned to Kalpenski’s office to flesh out his full account of events.
	Dani’s stomach sank. It was all going wrong, terribly wrong. She’d tried in the last eighteen hours to claw back some calm, tell herself that everything was going to be okay, but her first assumption had been right: It was a trap, a set-up. Now they were just going through the final motions with Hebbard to ensure they had their fact and evidence file complete before canning her.
	A few minutes later Tara returned with one of the techies and they went to Hebbard’s computer. The techy played around with it for a while, then printed out two pages and handed them to Tara. More evidence.
There was a longer gap this time, nine or ten minutes – though to Dani it felt like a lifetime – then Tara came down again and summoned her up to Kalpenski’s office. She didn’t say anything in response or question why, just numbly nodded. Everything was no doubt going to their pre-arranged plan. Despite having resigned herself to her fate, still her mouth was dry, her step leaden as she followed Tara upstairs. Her stomach was a writhing mass of butterfly contortions.
	A short preamble by Kalpenski, perhaps a chance for her to put across her case while he nodded with tired understanding; a last effort to retain the decorum and civility that he thought their profession demanded before, regretfully – ‘Believe me, nobody here wants to see you go. Least of all me. But under the circumstances there remains no choice’ – his effort at understanding stretched to the limit, his face contorting with awkwardness as he finally plunged home the knife. ‘I’m sorry. So sorry.’
	Heading along the corridor upstairs, they passed Hebbard on his way down. He studiously averted his gaze as he approached then, at just two paces away, he fixed her with a searing stare. A ‘You wait!’ look. Then as quickly he looked away again.
	Dani caught her breath as she walked into Kalpenski’s office. Julius Chisholm was sitting alongside him. 
Perhaps Kalpenski wanted another, more heavyweight, witness to her dismissal, he was worried that Tara on her own might not be enough. Or it was a two-man show: Kalpenski would deliver the preamble, then Chisholm would take over for condolences and how sorry they were to see her leave the Spheros. Or, because Kalpenski had just returned from his trip, he wasn’t sufficiently up to speed on the final stages of Chisholm’s sting operation. Chisholm needed to be there to run through that. 
Kalpenski spoke first. ‘You know that earlier I asked if you’d sent details of Quinazoline in your last file report to me?’
‘Yes.’ She tried to stay calm, but she could hear her voice quavering with just that one word.
‘Well, Dr Hebbard has disputed that,’ Chisholm said. ‘He says that that message would have come before he’d in fact first discovered the anomalies with Quinazoline, which he subsequently shared with the whole department. He’s claiming precedence on that discovery.’ 
She just knitted her eyebrows quizzically. Her tongue stuck to the roof of her mouth, too dry to slide out any words, even if she could have thought of anything sensible.
‘And as well as sending a file note to me,’ Kalpenski pressed. ‘Did you also send one to Dr Hebbard a few days beforehand that included a reference to Quinazoline?’
‘Yes. Yes, I did.’ Her quavering was more acute, made her voice almost crack. She didn’t sound convincing. But they probably needed that admission, that final lie for their file.
‘Four days in fact before Dr Hebbard claimed he had his breakthrough with it?’
‘Yes.’ She nodded numbly, feeling her face redden. Oh God, this was unbearable. She felt as if her head was going to explode.
	‘Of course, you realize that we have to take claims like this seriously,’ Chisholm said, his expression heavy, grave. ‘Very seriously.’
She just kept nodding numbly, the blood pounding through her head so hard that her temples were aching. Why didn’t they just get it over with? But they probably needed this: the perfectly orchestrated finale after all the trouble they’d gone to in setting her up, discovering her duplicity.  
‘Particularly because this is not the first time something like this has come up, Chisholm emphasized. ‘Though last time it was just a tame query, not a direct confrontational disclaim like the one made now by Doctor Hebbard…’
Their moment of glory, the unravelling of how clever they’d been to catch her: their suspicions with her and Bremner, and then the perfect set-up with Hebbard. Researchers to the end: it wasn’t enough for them to simply announce a conclusion, they had to painstakingly account how they’d arrived at it. They couldn’t resist riding it home, wallowing in how smart they’d been. Smarter than her.
‘And so we set about investigating, getting to the bottom of what had happened…’
But if she was going to get canned anyway, she could at least rob them of this final gratification. Cut short the agony of their tedious build-up and the tightening pounding at her temples; save herself some grief.
She shook her head. ‘I know that what I did was wrong. I was very foolish…’
‘Yes, you were foolish,’ Chisholm cut in sharply. ‘You should have shared your findings openly with others in the department, not just in file notes to Doctor Hebbard. Because that’s exactly what he did to try and claim precedence in the discovery.’
The turn-around caught her breath. She looked down quickly to give her a second to re-group her churning thoughts, get back some composure.
‘Hebbard claimed that you sent him nothing about Quinazoline. But when we sent someone down to check his computer, it was right there.’
Suddenly all the pieces fell into place: the techy with Tara checking Hebbard’s computer. Hebbard had been stupid enough to voice his claim before checking back through his file notes. That’s why the glare as he’d passed her: if he knew he’d triumphed, he’d have been wearing his normal smug smile. The wave of elation, of relief, was intense. She made an effort to conceal it as she looked up again; after all, she hadn’t done anything wrong. She shouldn’t look either relieved or surprised. ‘I see.’ Her best dead-pan.
‘Not a pleasant business,’ Chisholm said, pursing his lips tightly. Kalpenski nodded his concurrence.
And as Chisholm contemplated her, for a second she thought she saw that same challenging gleam in his eyes as at the Gifford Awards.
She resisted meeting it head on, was afraid she might give away that she knew it was him sending the messages. She looked down again coyly. For now, she’d keep that secret; it would be her ace card in case whatever he had planned for her later went wrong or he had second thoughts. Meanwhile she should try and find out more about the illustrious Dr Julius Chisholm, to get some clue as to what those plans might be.

‘What time did you arrive at your brother’s house in Nemours?’
‘Late afternoon. Five or six O’clock, I don’t remember exactly.’ André shrugged. ‘All I remember is that it was almost dark by the time I got there.’
	A pause. A long pause. Only the sound of the examining magistrate’s pen scratching on paper as he made notes. Faint key taps from the male court clerk that had ushered André in, the only other person in the six metre square room.
	‘And what time was it that you arrived back at your place of work with your two brothers?’
	‘Quite late. Ten-thirty, maybe eleven O’clock.’
	‘Now your colleague… David Copell, is it?’ Nod and a ‘Yes’ from André as the magistrate, Marcel Houle, looked up. ‘… He was still there, I understand. Why was it that he was still there so late?’
	‘Because we had just received a shipment of some monkeys for research from Cameroon, and one of them was ill. David was staying late to tend to it.’
	Another, longer pause; this time Houle’s notes seemed to extend to two or three lines. At least, as Eric’s lawyer, Guy Saumier, had assured before he went into the session, unlike Inspector Donnet’s, Houle’s questioning very likely wouldn’t be angled. ‘It’s his job just to set down the details of the case, not try and bend them to any particular direction to suit.’ Donnet had fired a chain of awkward questions just around that one point: Isn’t that unusual, him working so late? It all seems a bit convenient, pre-arranged: my brother’s badly injured, I need help. Indeed, would you have been able to cope without Coppell’s help?
	But despite the difference in style, no punchy quick-fire bombardment or angles, André found himself no less tense. The style was slower and more deliberate even than with Delatois, and André began to realize that the tension hung in the silences, the pauses; time to dwell on what Houle might be making of his account, how it might tie in with what others had said or would say, and how it all might end.
	And as Houle took him step by step through Eric’s injuries of that night and how he’d tended to him both out at Nemours and at the ISG, the images came back; too vividly, too painfully: following the blood-spot trail along Hervé’s cellar, spider blood strands spreading down a table leg to the floor, streetlights flashing like a strobe across Eric’s broken body as Hervé sped through the night. With Donnet he’d been too busy frantically batting and defending to think of anything else. But now with each laboured pause, the images had free rein, ran riot.
	How it all might end? At least that, according to Saumier, was clear: five or six year prison term. Three eye-witnesses. Exact match blood and DNA found at the scene. Cut and dried case. Nothing any of them said at the instructions could possibly alter that outcome. So all of this tension now was mainly because of how it might effect him and David. Delatois’ words still rang in his ears: ‘We’ll wait until the instruction to decide finally what to do. Just pray that some court reporter doesn’t pick up on the story.’
	He’d been alert for any unfamiliar faces waiting on the benches outside the courtroom. He accounted for each one – court clerk, bailiff, Saumier’s assistant – except for a man in his late twenties who turned up just after him and appeared to be on his own. But at the last minute Inspector Donnet appeared and came up and talked to the man. Donnet’s eyes were somewhat challenging as they’d met his just as he was summoned to give evidence, a faint smug smile appearing at the corner of Donnet’s mouth, as if there was some surprise in store of which André was unaware.
	His nervousness mounted steadily with each methodical, deliberate question from Houle, his voice answering at times so shaky and uncertain that it hardly sounded true, even when he was just stating fact and wasn’t embellishing to save his and David’s neck. At the end of the one-hour, thirty-eight minute ordeal, he rushed straight out to the washrooms down the corridor, past the pleading eyes and obvious questions from Hervë and David, and looked in the mirror long and hard, gripping tight to the washbasin to quell his body’s trembling. 
	‘I’m sorry, Eric, So sorry,’ he uttered under a heavy exhalation. We should be here to help you, not ourselves. Maybe he had a streak of selfishness after all. A wry smile struggled to lift his taut expression as he splashed some water on his face to freshen up.
	But as with a fresh breath he stepped back into the corridor, he was reminded that his fears about his career were driven mainly by him wanting to see through his mangabey research, not just for the healing it could bring to so many, but more poignantly, more immediately – the days were fast ticking down and still no breakthrough in sight – for Eban. Yet again he had trouble identifying anything in his life he did just for himself.

 
10

Three days before Christmas, the last working day for many of the businesses around, and by 6 p.m. Jaques Borchaud’s Bar Soupçon was already starting to get crowded. By 8 p.m. it was heaving, but André, David, Marielle and Marc managed to grab some space at the bar. Their last late session before the Christmas break, surrounded by alcohol rather than agarose.
	At the end of the bar as you walked in, Borchaud had placed an enormous wicker tray piled with straw on which he’d arranged his finest rare vintages. An imbiber’s nativity manger scene: where Jesus should have been a ’73 Dom Perignon magnum; Joseph and Mary, a ’76 Rayne Vigneau and ’49 Dupeyron; frankincense, a ’67 Chambolle Musigny. 
	In case any doubt remained that it was a Christmas display, Borchaud had trailed silver tinsel and mistletoe sprigs between the bottles. The fact that the tinsel somehow devalued the esteem of the vintages was no doubt lost on Borchaud, in the same way that the red Santa Claus hat he wore completely destroyed whatever coolness he aimed for with the black suit and slim black tie that had been his habitual bar maitre’s uniform ever since Reservoir Dogs; or was it the Blues Brothers?  Borchaud had owned and run the Soupçon for longer than André dared remember.
	Towards the end of the second champagne glass André felt his body mellowing, but disengaging his thoughts was more difficult. Nothing in the newspapers as yet, but then just two days ago Delatois had asked him for a full up-to-date report on the mangabey project by January 20th so that it could be included in Delatois January 31st annual round-up. It was as if with one pressure appearing safely out of the way, Delatois felt he needed another to keep André on the tightrope. If they didn’t hit a breakthrough by then, Delatois would know that he’d been bluffing all along; that it was far more than just a minor ‘glitch’.
	David Copell had his hand covering his glass more than the others; his flight back to Baltimore for the Christmas break left early in the morning, and he was telling André that he had mixed emotions about the trip. 
	‘It’ll be nice to see my mom, and my sister and her kids. But my dad hasn’t been the same since that stroke fifteen months back. He’s no better at all, according to mom, and I’ll probably have the same feeling I had last year when I visited: that this might be the last Christmas that I’ll see him.’
	‘I know,’ André put a comforting hand on David’s shoulder. ‘It probably won’t be easy. I went through the same with my uncle.’ Then as the overriding thought hit, Last Christmas, he looked away.
	David realized the nerve he’d unconsciously hit. André’s uncle had become like a replacement father ever since André’s father passed away when he was a young teenager, but four years had now passed since his uncle’s death. Whereas André’s worries about Eban since their recent set back had consumed their every working hour these past weeks. ‘It’s only nine days I’m away. We’ll get stuck in again as soon as I’m back. I’m sure it won’t take long for us to crack it.’
	‘I suppose you’re right. Shouldn’t take too long.’ André forced a weak smile. ‘I just hope we’re not too late.’ 
	The noise of the bar crashed back in and Marc Goffinet, a yard behind them talking to Marielle, raised his voice above it.
	‘Let’s get you two in on this. Marielle’s problem with her current boyfriend. Should she leave him or not?’
	‘What’s the problem with this one?’ David perched one hand on his hip, feigning an impatient mother’s voice. Marielle had only had two problem boyfriends in the two and a half years she’d worked at the ISG, but David made it sound as if there’d been a constant chain.
	‘Too controlling,’ Goffinet said. ‘Plans everything – her life along with his – to the last detail. She feels like she can’t breathe.’
‘Oh, they’re the worst,’ David mocked in the same voice. ‘You’re better off with the ones that hit you. At least with them the message is clear. You know where you stand.’
	Marielle punched David’s arm playfully as André and Marc chuckled.
	‘No, seriously,’ David said. ‘The more control you allow him, the more he’ll want. He’ll just get worse. So, either you leave him, or, if you don’t want to do go that far, then state your case here and now. Tell him you need more space and all the other overused expressions that go with that speech.’
 	‘That’s what I tried.’ Marielle’s voice carried a twinge of desperation. ‘He had everything mapped out for Christmas. Us seeing this one, that one; but all of it revolving around his friends and relatives. When I said that I wanted to see my parents and a few friends, he begrudgingly allotted a few hours on Boxing Day morning. But only up until two O’clock – he had everything planned again after that.’ She shook her head. ‘We ended up arguing, as you can imagine.’
	‘Well, at least he’s probably made the decision easier for you.’ David waved his champagne glass in a semi-circle. ‘If he’s going to be that unreasonable about you seeing your own family at Christmas, he’s not going to get better in a hurry. Probably you are better off leaving him.’
	Marielle chewed lightly at her bottom lip, as if there was something else troubling her or she felt uneasy making that ultimate move so quickly. ‘Maybe it’s something in me. Maybe I just always pick the wrong guys. Like Marc, I’m attracted by strength, but for me it somehow always goes wrong, backfires.’
	André noticed Marc flinch; obviously he’d hoped that was something Marielle would have forgotten, or at least wouldn’t repeat. Marielle had been tearful after the split with her last boyfriend when for the third time he’d beaten her, and Marc and himself had taken her to the Soupçon after work to console her. She’d knocked back the drinks quickly and became maudlin, started to tease and flirt with them: Why couldn’t she find men like them? So understanding, so… she gripped Goffinet’s forearm at that point. He was short but stocky, built more like a rugby player than the stereotypical effete image of gays. Have you never loved a woman, Marc? Could you ever love someone like me? Treat me like I should be treated? She had tears in her eyes as she said it, and with her drunk and emotionally weighed down the question didn’t seem, as it might at many other times, ridiculous or out of place. And tears came to Marc’s eyes as he leant into her and kissed her on one cheek and said that he did love her, but not in that way; that he’d tried, tried hard to love women that way, but it had never worked. He’d in fact slept with four or five women before realizing it. ‘It felt wrong. I felt I didn’t have the strength to protect them and I suddenly felt vulnerable; as if there were two of us that needed protecting, but nobody to do it. In the same way that you feel attracted by a man’s strength to protect you, I feel that way too. We’ve both got the same problem.’
	But André could sense that Marc was stung now by the reference. He hadn’t wanted it repeated. ‘Perhaps because you’re confusing bluster with strength,’ André said to Marielle, breaking the tense blip in the conversation. ‘The physicality is nothing without the emotional strength to go with it. If in that way these men are lacking, then they’ll bluster, show a bit of muscle – physically or mentally – to try and compensate.’
	‘Thanks,’ she said. Her eyes were moist and glassy. ‘So spot on.’ She leant across and kissed André on one cheek, but it was uncomfortably close to his mouth and for a second he was caught up in the warmth and perfume of her.
‘That’s okay.’ He smiled wanly, more to himself than to her. So spot on, with everyone else’s relationships. Already he’d had three strained conversations with Charlotte allocating the children’s time over Christmas: one day for you, one for me. This Christmas, like last, was shaping up to be an ordeal. 
‘You know, if you feel uneasy about splitting with him, ‘Marc offered, ‘if you feel it might be too rash a move – then make a list of his good and bad points; and if you feel you just can’t live with what’s wrong with him, then…’
	‘I think that what isn’t wrong with him would probably be the easier list. A lot shorter. But thanks.’ Marielle raised her glass, took a sip, and smiled above it. ‘Who needs psychiatrists and councillors with you three around.’ It was difficult to tell if she really meant it, since part of David’s advice had been pure Vaudeville. But it was a clear signal that the serious talk was finished.
	‘I hear that Valmy comes in here now and then.’ David winked over André’s shoulder at Marc. ‘And Christmas is apparently one of his favourite times.’
	‘I didn’t know that.’ André furrowed one eyebrow questioningly.
	‘Yeah. He has a special bow tie with flashing lights for the occasion.’ David chuckled as André’s expression eased into a smile. ‘Or is it one that spins? I forget now.’
	The jokes and banter increased as the drinks flowed, Marc at one point making fun of Delatois’ stature and swinging his arms like a gorilla. ‘The colossus of the ISG the ass-kissers term him – more like the King Kong. That’s what most of us call him behind his back: the gorilla. You want monkeys for research, André, start with him.’
	‘No, wouldn’t do,’ David cut in. ‘No fucking heart, and you’d probably find he’s the result of countless generations of inbreeding.’
	‘André grimaced. ‘And, I know, he’s got a snake’s blood system rather than a mammals.’
‘He’s got big hands.’ Marielle smiled slyly as she sipped at her drink.
	‘Yeah, but because of that reptilian blood,’ Marc retorted, ‘There’s no pressure there to get anything up.’
	André was a beat late joining in with the laughter, half of his thoughts were still elsewhere. In all the years that André had been in medicine, it had never been any different. As if, more than in most professions, they needed the escape valve of humour to get away from what they faced daily: the pregnant mother with breast cancer so advanced that they might have to cut the baby from her on her deathbed; the infant with untreatable raboid cancer who wouldn’t make it to their third birthday; a twelve-year-old boy, Eban’s cousin, his body stick-thin and wasted by AIDS, reaching out and taking André’s hand; one of only twenty-nine remaining from Eban’s originally a hundred and forty strong Rwandan village. André closed his eyes as the noise of the bar swam around him. Oh God, he only wanted to save one from all of that. Only one. Was that too much to ask?

	‘So. Tell us, what would you like us to do with him?’
	The question was posed by Chisholm towards the end of their meeting. What would you like us to do… Dani felt her head swimming with the sudden reversal in fortunes, the unfamiliar sense of power. 
‘Because certainly now that Hebbard has challenged you openly like this, it would be too awkward for you both to be working in the same department.’ Chisholm opened out his palms on the desk top. ‘The options are that we shift him to virology or molecular biology, where you’d still see him, but infrequently. Or we remove him completely.’
	‘I… I’m not sure. It’s quite an important decision… I’d like a few days to think on it, if I may. All of this has caught me by surprise.’
	‘Yes, of course.’ Chisholm declined his head slightly in understanding. ‘If he had to leave, he’d be given the option of resigning, none of this would be made public and he’d be given good references for wherever he decided to go. So don’t be too tough on yourself if in the end you felt that would be the only option. That you’d feel too awkward facing him again, at any time. In the end it’s completely up to you.’
	The sense of power, of control, consumed Dani for much of the day – her step felt unusually light as she went around; no sign of Hebbard, perhaps he’d been given the rest of the day off – and the feeling was still with her as she pulled into her driveway at home. Though she hadn’t yet decided what to do. Maybe she should pick a daisy from the garden: Get rid of him, get rid of him not.
	The only dampener was that the house was empty, nobody to share her elation with. Allison spent weekdays with her father, wouldn’t be visiting till the weekend. Dani poured herself a large glass of red wine, turned up the stereo, sank down into the sofa with a heavy exhalation and after a few heavy slugs, halfway through Bruce Springsteen’s ‘Born to Run’, she let out a loud, banshee yelp of excitement.  
	She hadn’t felt this good since… since she’d shafted her ex over the divorce property settlement. She took another heavy slug, and smiled, nursing the glass as if it was an elixir. Her body felt warm, glowing, and suddenly she remembered who she could share this with: Leona Bertok. They’d both got divorced about the same time and they’d spent many happy hours on the phone comparing notes, and afterwards, settlements, while character-assassinating their ex’s: mine’s worse than yours; no mine, he used to…
 	Leona answered almost immediately. ‘Dani! Long time no hear. How’s everything going?’
	‘Fine, couldn’t be better.’ Dani nestled up with her glass by the phone for a long session. ‘You know that jumped-up asshole in my section I mentioned a while ago… Russ Hebbard. Well, you’ll never guess what happened today…’
	Dani told a selectively edited version that didn’t mention Chisholm or her own complicity, that painted Hebbard as a sinner and her – as with all her stories by the time she’d re-vamped them – as a saint. She’d become so expert at it by now that she hardly had to think about it; just slot in Hebbard instead of her ex or the many others over the years that apparently had put her down, or more accurately tried to put her down – she invariably turned the tables on them before the final chapter – and the stories came out that way almost of their own accord. Made her look good. 
	And halfway through her conversation with Leona Bertok, she decided what to do with Hebbard. For them to stay around each other would be more difficult and painful for him than for her; he’d probably leave of his own volition at some stage. At least she wouldn’t get the blame. Some extra saintly points gained among work colleagues. If she was on her way up, their future co-operation could be important. She might need them on her side. 

Charlotte was on the phone within minutes of André arriving home, in the middle of Veruschka telling him that both Joël and Eban had eaten well, but Joël had gone to bed early complaining of a cough.
	‘I tried earlier, but you weren’t in. Working late again?’
	‘No, Christmas drink with the department staff. That’s it now for the holidays.’
	‘That’s good. You need the rest. You looked a bit worn down when I last saw you.’
	That might be because between your incessant calls with your petty dramas, I’ve been trying to save the life of our adopted son. But then she was usually at her most tactless when she was also at her strongest, feeling more confident; there’d been hardly any drama calls since their meeting six weeks ago. No doubt the ‘Gerard effect’. ‘Nothing wrong, is there?’
	‘No, no. Just that with the children coming over to my place on Boxing Day, the thing is… well, Gerard is going to come by later for a drink, after lunch. And I wondered if… if you could make a point with Veruschka that she should try and make a bit more effort with her dress.’
	‘Oh, I see.’ An old contentious issue that André thought that had been long forgotten. He remembered much hair-tearing and screaming from Charlotte over Veruschka’s dress sense, and him defending that it was practically a uniform for all of them at that age: tracksuit or jeans, trainers, base-ball cap turned the wrong way. The girls looked much the same as the boys. Far removed from the image of her namesake, the sixties fashion icon Veruschka, and probably why Charlotte had chosen the name. Yet another way in which her glossy mind-bubble image of the future had been disappointed by reality. ‘It’s a holiday for her, too – she’ll want to relax. If she’s trussed up like a Barbie doll, she’ll just feel awkward. Besides, you know she’d never agree to it.’
	‘Not like a Barbie doll, but… but a bit of an effort. The same old track suit is bad enough, but last time she came over it had some stains down the front.’ Charlotte huffed disdainfully. ‘Food or something.’
	‘Sorry, that’s my fault. When I come back late at night from trying to save the world, with hardly the energy left to eat my dinner – I should put the washing machine on. I can watch it spinning round while I pick at my food.’
	‘My God, you’re impossible at times. I can see now why we live apart.’
	André stayed silent. He knew that the sarcastic outburst was uncharacteristic. Eric’s trial, the set-back with the mangabey research and Eban, the pressure from Delatois, had all taken their toll on him. His nerves were worn, jaded, and he didn’t know how he was going to detach his mind from it for nine whole days to even start enjoying Christmas.
‘Just an effort.’ Charlotte exhaled heavily. ‘A small effort, is that too much to ask. I know she wouldn’t wear a dress. So, jeans, okay. And then a blouse or nice shirt. Something colourful. That’s all I’m asking.’ 
‘Okay. Jeans and a blouse or shirt.’ André sighed. Veruschka, still hovering to one side, had picked up what the conversation was about. She was shaking her head, mouthing a silent ‘no’. André looked down at his feet. ‘That shouldn’t be too difficult.’
‘Thanks, André. It’s not so much for me, you understand, but Gerard. I wouldn’t want him to think we’re slobs.’
	‘I understand. And I promise – no food stains.’
	There was a second of silence and then Charlotte hung up. Gerard might have brought more stability to her life, but she still wasn’t ready for irony or sly humour, he reminded himself.


11

Eban was dying. André had known that from the start. Yet it had always somehow seemed at arm’s length; at least enough for him to be able to meanwhile find a cure. But now the recent setbacks and time fast ticking down without any light in sight brought an immediacy to it that made him want to shake those around him by the shoulders. ‘Eban’s dying! Dying!’
Though, as usual, quietly reserved, he’d kept everything bottled up, kept his emotions to himself and just nodded and smiled as he went through the motions of Christmas. More chestnut puree? Cranberry?
	He even told Charlotte – when he’d picked up the children on Boxing Day and she’d grabbed him aside for a moment to ask how everything was with Eban – that all was progressing well. Gerard had definitely buoyed her spirits; it was the first time too that he’d got a chance to talk to Gerard directly, and over Gerard’s shoulder Charlotte hung on every other word, beaming. But she probably still wasn’t strong enough to know the truth; that his hopes were fast diminishing and for the first time he had grave doubts about being able to save Eban.
	They’d explored every possibility for differences between the two renegade mangabey samples and the others: nothing. Continuing efforts would merely follow much the same ground. But then he was reminded of the many times in the past when a research path had seemed equally as hopeless, and then a breakthrough would suddenly come out of the blue; sometimes through obscure, seemingly unconnected factors. Things that he couldn’t possibly have taken into account. He shouldn’t close his mind to those possibilities.
	And so in this way his thoughts bounced through Christmas: hope, hopeless; or he’d sift through his memory in every moment he had free – between the children excitedly opening their presents and smiling and kissing him on one cheek in thanks; the cracker he’d pulled with Veruschka that almost knocked the candles off of the table and sent the boys into fits of laughter; Eban’s attempt at singing Noël that was so raucous and out of tune that a neighbour started banging on the wall, Joël by now convulsed with laughter which ended in a heavy coughing fit – searching for something, anything, that he might have missed. Something that might make a difference: a few cells out of shape or with abnormal acid or alkaline readings among millions. Those infinitesimal but vital clues that so often in his work was all that divided life and death.  
Life and death. As Eban kissed him on one cheek and thanked him for his present, he’d turned away, not wanting the boy to see the moistness in his eyes or feel his body trembling as he struggled not to completely break down.
And he was reminded of the promise he made; the promise that had started everything with Eban.

The small village was in the north of Rwanda, eight miles south of Ruhengeri. André held the hand of a twelve-year old boy, Nsoro, stick-thin from the ravages of AIDS, as his father looked on. 
‘Can you save him?’ the father asked.
‘I don’t know. It… it would be difficult.’
André had dealt with the boy’s father, Mpundu, more than any other person in the last five days of their visit. One of the village elders and elected as its main spokesman, it had been Mpundu who’d patiently explained the history of how their small village had been laid waste by AIDS and war. 
Long before civil war finally broke out, there’d been raids on Tetsi villages. On one of them, most of their cattle had been stolen, their main source of revenue, and the men of the village were forced to seek work in the tin ore mines in the South. Prostitution was rife near the mining camps, and the men brought AIDS back to the village. Within no time their wives contracted it and it was then passed on to their unborn children. 
The average HIV infection rate in Rwanda was 12% of the population, but here in this small village 68% of its people were infected. That’s why André had chosen it to study the disease’s progression. In a small community of originally only a hundred and forty, it was easy to trace how the disease had been passed from husband to wife and then on to the next unborn generation. Listening to Mpundu relate the village’s tragic history, it had been easy for André to still look upon it as a detached exercise, just another experiment. But having to tell Mpundu that his son was going to die, that there was no hope of being able to save him, made the personal tragedy tangible, immediate; it could be felt in the withered skin of Nsoro’s arm, in the desperation on Mpundu’s face as he looked on. 
‘Please… Please help him. He’s my only remaining son.’ Mpundu’s eyes watered. ‘I lost my other son just last year.’
‘I… I don’t know.’ André found it hard to look at Mpundu directly. With a T-cell count of only 82 – André knew the T-cell counts of all remaining 29 villagers – Nsoro had little time left. The first ailment to come along would finish him, he’d be lucky to last the three months it would take to get the paperwork through. Even if he did, he’d be far too weak to survive the rigors of drug therapy back in Paris, let alone last the wait for more enduring cures. But seeing the desperation in Mpundu’s face, André was tempted to bluff, keep his hopes up, say that something could be done. A message sent from Paris months later would be a lot easier than meeting those clinging eyes here and now and telling him that there was no hope left, his son was going to die. It would keep it all at arm’s length, as it had so far been all along: a detached experiment. But Mpundu had been honest and forthright with him over these last days of relating the village’s painful history; he couldn’t mislead him. Mpundu’s shoulders slumped as André spelt out the dismal odds; he was slow in looking up again. 
‘But I could save you,’ André said hopefully.
‘Me? Me?’ Mpundu’s eyes twinkled with amusement. He shook his head. ‘I’ve had my life, such as it has been.’
André looked at Mpundu. Just turned fifty, and with a T-cell count of 194, he still looked reasonably healthy, vital. In the first or second world, he’d be considered to have many years still left; but here in third world Africa, where infant mortality was common and average life expectancy was only 38, he was an old man. Particularly in this village, where 80% of its people had been lost to AIDS or the civil war. Perhaps Mpundu felt uncomfortable being one of its oldest surviving members, or guilt because he was one of the men who’d brought AIDS to the village from the mining camps.
Mpundu’s eyes settled on André steadfastly. ‘Are you saying you can save me for sure? Or just maybe?’ And for a moment André thought that Mpundu was thinking seriously about whether he could be saved.
André shrugged. ‘Somewhere in between.’ 194? Ten months, a year, possibly even fifteen months before Mpundu’s immune system became too weak to respond to treatment. André would have liked longer – his hopes of a breakthrough were at that stage no more than that, nothing tangible – but Mpundu was a stronger bet than Nsoro. ‘It would be touch and go, but at least there’d be some hope.’ 
Mpundu looked down thoughtfully. When he looked up again, it was towards the village to one side, his eyes fixing on a young boy playing football amongst a group of five.
‘Then if not me, you can save Eban. Save him for sure, no?’
André looked towards the young boy as Mpundu pointed him out. Eban, T-cell count of 389; and as Mpundu remarked that it was his young nephew, his brother’s son, suddenly it made sense why Mpundu, one day in going through the list of villagers and respective T-cell counts, had beamed when he’d come to Eban’s entry. ‘That’s good, no?’
‘Yes, I… I probably could.’ 389. Two and a half years, maybe more. A lot of leeway for hope.
Mpundu shook his head, as if André hadn’t quite grasped his meaning. ‘I don’t mean probably, doctor. I mean for sure. Sure, sure. It’s important to me.’
‘Yes, I… I’m sure.’ André, flustered by Mpundu’s sudden insistence, hastily offered his assurance. Then, seeing Mpundu’s rising smile, he tempered his enthusiasm. ‘But it couldn’t be done here. It would mean Eban going to Paris – you probably wouldn’t see him again.’ The harsh realities of AIDS treatment in Africa. Combination drug therapy for one person for a year cost $20,000. In the West, doctors readily signed off treatments, regardless of age, but in Africa mothers with AIDS infected infants were simply told to take them home and let them die. Money of that size just wasn’t available; even if it was, such an amount could feed four or five whole families for a year: it couldn’t be squandered on one person. And if they tried to send either money or drugs directly, it either evaporated in a chain of bureaucratic paperwork, or was stolen to pay for AK-47s for the civil war or the next dictator’s air-conditioned limousine. But besides that dilemma – the divide between AIDS treatment in the West and in Africa – he’d need Eban with him in Paris for regular tests.
‘It doesn’t matter. Just as long as you can save him.’ Mpundu looked back wistfully towards Eban. ‘My brother died two years ago and his wife soon after. Nsoro, Eban and me are all that’s left out of our family. If you can’t save me or Nsoro, then Eban’s the only one left. The only hope for the future. You see now why it’s so important to me that you save him.’
‘Yes… I see now.’ André joined Mpundu in looking towards the boy; so young and seemingly carefree as he played football under the relentless African sun. Eban. Suddenly a symbol not just of the last hope in the generation-chain of Mpundu’s family, but of this disease and war-torn village, and of Africa as a whole. Those wide and dusty plains and dark jungle expanses beyond the field of his and Mpundu’s vision. That first wave of feeling for André that if he could save this young boy, then maybe he could save the rest. 
And from that initial seed of hope, as they bonded closer and Eban became part of André’s family, it wasn’t long before Eban became the main symbol and focus in André’s mind for all AIDS patients. 
‘You’ll save him?’
‘Yes… I’ll save him.’
‘For sure?’ Mpundu reached out and gripped André’s hand tight at that moment. ‘Sure, sure?’
‘Yes. Sure, sure.’ André closed his eyes solemnly and gripped Mpundu’s hands back in reassurance.
Nsoro died after only two months, and fifteen months later they received a telegram telling them that Mpundu had died. Eban cried for days; after his parents’ death, Mpundu had raised and cared for him single-handedly. 
Eban was the only one left; the only survivor from generations of Mpundus.
At times André felt the pressure of it all was too much, too stifling. But at others, it was probably just what he needed: the incentive to work those extra research hours and hunt down every possible angle; the frantic drive and push that had finally led to the breakthrough with the mangabeys.
But now over these past weeks, as doubt crept in and his hope with Eban began to dwindle, his final promise to Mpundu came back to haunt him, at moments the echoes of his own pleas waking him in the middle of a sweating nightmare. 

I tried. I tried. But I can’t save them all. I can’t save them all… André woke up with the sound of Joël’s repeated coughing from the put-up bed a few feet away. Or was it Eban coughing next door?
Eban was dying.
Joël’s cough had steadily got worse through Christmas. He’d separated the boys almost immediately, put Joël in his room to sleep Christmas Eve. That was the worst thing that could happen at this stage: a bad cough or flu could deplete Eban’s T-cell count by eighty or more. In the final stages of AIDS, it was the most common ailment to kill people, their T-cell count so low it couldn’t even fight off simple flu.
But it was impossible to keep Joël and Eban completely apart. They’d sat opposite each other at Christmas lunches both at his place and Charlotte’s, then on the 27th had to be in the same car – the only separation he’d been able to achieve was Eban in the front and Joël in the back with Veruschka – when he’d driven out to Nemours to have lunch and swap presents with his mother and Hervé.
	It was the second time he’d seen Hervé over the holidays. The first had been visiting Eric in Le Santé prison on Boxing Day when the children were with Charlotte. Their mother had refused to come, she was still in shock over the imprisonment as well as upset with Eric for his actions; either way, actually seeing him behind bars would have been too painful a reminder. 
	But Eric’s absence at the lunch, when normally every year he’d be there as well, underlined the fate that had befallen him almost as painfully. Clinking glasses and wishing each other well somehow had an empty ring to it.
	André was quiet for most of the drive back from Nemours, and as they hit the outskirts of Paris, Eban started to cough. Only a few at first, not as frequent as Joël’s coughing, and later that night it was still sparse, just a few coughs here and there. But in the middle of the night Eban woke up with a fever – André gave him cough syrup, Amantadine and an extra dose of his regular Invirase – but by morning his coughing was heavy, and by the following night some of his coughing fits were so incessant that he had trouble getting his breath back.
	André felt each cough like a hammer blow, imagining Eban’s T-cell resistance being relentlessly battered and weakened. Already he’d lost the two months leeway he’d allowed himself with the current research setback, now this illness was evaporating any further leeway he might have hoped for; the last straw he’d clung to was that Eban’s T-cell decline wouldn’t be too rapid.
	Eban was dying.
	By the third day it had developed into fully-fledged flu and André was in a blind panic. By how much would Eban’s T-cell rate have fallen already? 30, 40 points? 50? He knew that it was pointless testing until the flu had run its course; three full days afterwards, in fact. By then the body would have rallied back any T-cells it was going to – the recovery usually weaker each time with HIV sufferers – and the overall impact to the immune system could be measured accurately. 
	André held his head in his hands when six days later he looked at the results: 61 point drop since Eban’s last test three weeks ago. David, back from Baltimore just two days before, tried to lift his spirits.
	‘Okay, we’ve lost some time and initiative. We’ll just have to make it up. We’ll get there, don’t worry.’
	‘But we’ve gone over practically every possibility.’
	‘Then we’ll just have to go over them again. We’ve obviously missed something.’
	They worked around the clock. On nights when the children weren’t with him, often he worked until eleven or midnight, crawling straight into bed after a quick snack. And on the nights they were, a succession of frantic last-minute calls to Charlotte to ask if he could pick them up half an hour or an hour later, then they’d grab takeaways on the way back home. André couldn’t remember the last time he’d cooked for them. 
	But by the end of January when they still hadn’t found anything, André’s despondency set in again, with a vengeance. Exhausted from overwork and his nerves ragged over Eban’s fast-worsening condition, he felt suddenly as if he had no energy or reserves left to fight on. In addition, there was still the tightrope game he’d been playing with Delatois to contend with. He’d had no choice but to come clean in his mid-January report to Delatois about the extent of the recent setback, ‘But we expect a breakthrough any day now.’ Each passing day with still no light in sight, André felt his stomach tightening. Each day with Eban’s T-cell count steadily decreasing; at times André felt it counting down almost in rhythm with his pounding pulse.
	Eban was dying. Eban was dying.

André was practically in a daze when the thought hit. His mind crushed by overwork and worry, it was a miracle anything of any clarity seeped through.
	Afterwards – at the time he’d become little more than a numbed, basic-functioning automaton to take stock – he made a note of the date and time: 19th February, 8.45 p.m.
	They were in the nearby pizza takeaway and Eban was hesitating over what to have on his. Normally, Joël would be the one to be undecided, but of late the frailty of Eban’s health had become painfully evident. André had increased his dose of Invirase, and in response the number of foodstuffs that seemed to upset him had also increased. He’d pick at most of his meals, often complained of stomach and general muscle cramps, and at times his shaking was so bad that he could hardly hold a glass steadily. He’d lost six kilos over the past two months and in the last few weeks his eyes looked slightly glazed, with one of them becoming increasingly bloodshot. 
	Eban hesitatingly asked Pascal, the pizza-shop owner, if he had sweet corn and maybe tuna instead of anchovies, and as Pascal pointed to the wide array of bowls in a glass display below his countertop and commented that it was more a question of what he didn’t have, it triggered in André’s mind one of Marielle’s comment at Christmas: ‘I think that what isn’t wrong with him would probably be the easier list. A lot shorter.’ And a moment later the thought hit.
	André’s breath caught slightly in his throat with excitement as he hastily paid and they headed out. He phoned David at home as soon as he was in the door.
	‘We’ve been looking in the wrong places. We’ve been looking for what those two samples had which the others didn’t have – when we should have been looking the other way round.’
	‘Whoa, whoa! Back up a bit.’ David had also obviously just arrived home and it took him a moment to catch up.
	‘We should have been looking for what they didn’t have – viruses, traces of past ailments, whatever – which has affected the others.’
	It took them five weeks to find it. Longer than André would have hoped for, but the cross-referencing and elimination process was voluminous. Out of the eleven mangabey samples – the seven previous samples and the four current – they’d discover something in three or four, but then not in the others. At one point they found Shigella in seven and thought they’d hit it – before finally finding a virus in all nine bar the two with regressive results: Hepatitis B.
	‘Didn’t we find some anomalies with Hepatitis B before?’ David quizzed. ‘Those hookers from West Africa… Sierra Leone, was it?’
	‘No, Cote D’Ivoire,’ André corrected. ‘Ivory Coast.’
	A number of prostitutes, eight in total, had been discovered between three Abidjan brothels with long term AIDS immunity. Their single common factor was that they’d all previously had Hepatitis B. There’d in fact been numerous cases where prior Hepatitis sufferers had a stronger resistance to AIDS, to the extent that at one stage it was reported, incorrectly, that they carried immunity. But it was certainly true that they had stronger resistance, their T-cell decline was slower, possibly due to some similarities between the Hepatitis and HIV viruses. 
	‘What was the name of that one we arranged to come over?’ David enquired. ‘Dou something?’
	‘Dhoumil.’ The most startling case out of the eight with hardly any T-cell decline, they’d brought over for further tests.
	‘Whatever happened to her?’ 
	‘For the first two tests she came in with no problem, right on time. For the third she was almost two months late… and after that we didn’t see her again. I phoned the last number I had for her, and someone else answered.’ André shrugged. ‘She didn’t leave a forwarding address and they didn’t know where she’d gone.’
 	They were filled with elation at finally hitting a breakthrough, and André immediately rushed with the news to Delatois, so at least he was off of that tightrope. But the tightrope with Eban was still very much with him. André was seriously worried that the breakthrough had come too late. In the last five weeks alone that it had taken them to identify it, Eban’s T-cell count had dropped another 28 points… ticking steadily down towards the doomsday 100 points.
	Eban was dying.

André didn’t know why the point of no return, the point at which HIV suddenly became AIDS, had been set at a T-cell count of 200; it could just as easily have been set at 220 or 250 or 175. 
	But the various medical bodies had decided in their infinite wisdom on 200; this was the point at which they deemed the body to have insufficient remaining T-cells to combat infections. From that point on, a count of 200 or below, any simple infection – flu, chicken pox, dysentery, bronchitis – could kill a patient. There just wouldn’t be sufficient T-cells left to fight them.
This often planted in the public’s mind that it was two separate diseases: one day someone had HIV, then suddenly, magically, they had AIDS. But they were in fact one and the same, the T-cell clock gradually ticking down from one to the other. However, that ticking down could take an infinitely long time: 8-10 years from initial contraction of HIV before it became AIDS. Initially it was believed that there was a dormant period, but it was later realized that the HIV virus was incubating, day by day, year by year a silent army recruiting for its onslaught on the body’s T-cells. Almost as if it knew that if it attempted its attack early, it would be defeated and knocked out. Only by biding its time would it be able to have an impact, be sure of steadily depleting T-cells until it won.
	A normal healthy individual had a T-cell count of 700-1,000. For the first three to five years of an HIV carrier, depending on the subject, little happened. Then battle would commence, though the number of T-cells killed in those early skirmishes would often be so few that there’d be little visible effect. But with each battle, as the HIV gained dominance, the T-cell losses would be heavier; the clock started to tick down ever faster.
	The body still responded well to new treatment far beyond the 200-point barrier, so André had set the ideal minimum for treating Eban at 140 points, with an absolute minimum of 100 points. Below that the immune system was too weak to respond and any new treatment far too risky.
So now with Eban, André started to measure everything by events and Eban’s T-cell count rather than time: 374 when he’d first returned from Rwanda; 257 before Christmas; 196 after Eban’s flu; 181 when the flash thought hit him in the pizzeria; 149 now.
André could clearly see the precipice of 100 looming ahead; and he felt suddenly as if he was with Eban on a children’s home-made cart with no brakes on an ever-increasing slope heading towards it. 
	They’d found the breakthrough. But there was a mountain of other things to do – testing, refining, side-reaction monitoring, deciding on the ideal vector – before they even got near being allowed phase 1 clinical trials.
	Eban was dying. André had always lived with that, but suddenly it was inescapable, here and now. For the first time André knew with certainty that unless there was some sort of miracle, they weren’t going to make it in time.
 

12

Dani spun it out for six days before finally informing Kalpenski and Chisholm that she thought Hebbard should stay. 
‘I think it would be unfair for him to have to leave the Spheros over this – he’s got so much time invested here.’ She looked down coyly at that point, chewing at her bottom lip. ‘However awkwardly I might feel about what has happened, I think I should in this instance give my feelings second place. He should be given another chance.’
‘That’s very gracious of you – but are you sure?’ Kalpenski confirmed.
	She just nodded hastily, only looking up for a second, as if she was too troubled over the whole matter to talk about it further. Chisholm too contemplated her with a mixture of concern and approval of the graciousness of her gesture, but she couldn’t help catching again that fleeting wry smile and gleam in his eye. Chisholm knew it was an act, and approved. 
	She’d revelled in the six day wait, enjoying watching Hebbard squirm in the knowledge that his entire career hung by a thread on whatever she decided. Get rid of him, get rid of him not. She couldn’t help glancing at him thoughtfully at times with just the hint of a quizzical smile. Now, what am I going to do with you? Hebbard would invariably look quickly away, red-faced and flustered. No doubt panicking that if he gave her the wrong look – his past trademark smugness, defiant challenge or superiority – his fate would be sealed. Oh, the feeling of power was joyous, made her feel positively giddy. She didn’t want to get rid of that feeling in a hurry. Much better to keep Hebbard around. That way she could keep him dancing on her strings for months or even years more. 
	She was also starting to get her first taste of what Chisholm might have planned for her, and it felt good. If this is what it felt like with power over just one person, then what was it going to be like with more and more dancing on her strings? Perhaps one day a whole department? She’d be walking on air, feet clear of the ground above everyone else, omnipotent, all-powerful, nothing could stop her then, she’d…
	Hebbard was transferred to Virology two days later – no point in prolonging her agony, the management obviously thought. Little did they realize – except perhaps Chisholm – that it was more Hebbard’s agony; he looked visibly relieved, as if a heavy weight had been lifted, the day of his move. But during his first month there, she found excuses to visit the department far more regularly than normal. She wanted him to know that he wasn’t getting off that easy; it was her turn to challenge and taunt, and she was going to be in his face for some time to come. A constant reminder of his fall from grace. Probably after a few months – or maybe he’d last as long as a year or so – he’d get sick of it and hand in his notice. But meanwhile she’d milk it for everything it was worth. 
	And at the same time she’d gained the accolade of her peers: they thought she was so gracious and kind to let Hebbard off the hook, let him stay. That added deception – getting pats on the back over Hebbard when actually she was steadily grinding the last of his pride into the ground – was the final icing on the cake.  
	Basking in such gloried light from her colleagues and no doubt from Chisholm too, she wondered if it could possibly get better than this. She checked her e-mail every day for fresh messages from Chisholm as to what the next stage in the game plan might be. The other thing she regularly checked for were messages from the private investigator she’d hired to unveil Chisholm’s background. That was the one thing that still made her feel uncomfortable about the entire scenario: as much as she was pulling everyone’s else’s strings – Hebbard and now the rest of the department – she knew that in turn she was being played. She desperately needed something to even the stakes. 

A miracle. For the first few weeks, it looked as if André’s wish might just be granted. Not through anything dramatic – working through all the stages towards a final green light on a clinical trial was going to take a minimum of five months, nothing they could do to alter that – but because Eban’s rate of T-cell decline slowed. His count reduced only nine points over a three-week period. Suddenly there was renewed hope that he might actually last out. 
André had reduced the absolute minimum T-count watershed in his mind from 100 to 80. Below that André knew it would be hopeless; the rigors of the treatment itself would kill Eban, as certainly as any flu or everyday virus would at that stage.
	André did a quick calculation: 140 T-cell count now, 9 points lost in three weeks: 90-95 by the time of a clinical trial. Not ideal, far less than he’d have liked, but at least it was above his new target minimum of 80. 
Then suddenly Anouk fell ill again, and everything changed once more. The symptoms were similar to before: fever, trembling, not eating her food, eyes bleary and bloodshot. Michel, the ISG vet, was called in and again diagnosed bacterial pneumonia. 
‘The shock of capture no doubt brought about the first infection. But I think she’s also responding worse to continued captivity than the others, and that has probably been the main cause of the infection now coming back.’
But after two days of tests, he discovered a far more serious funghil pneumonia; possibly derived from the first infection, or even something that had been there all along. ‘Perhaps there was a trace on her lungs when she was ill before, but too small for us to detect. And now it has mushroomed.’
Michel administered heavy doses of amoxycillin, but Anouk’s decline was more rapid and dramatic than last time. And in the midst of them battling to save her, with her by then in the Laferge room in an incubator being fed intravenously, Charlotte phoned.
‘Oh, you’re still there. I phoned your place and Veruschka sounded quite concerned. Thought you’d be back over an hour ago.’
‘A panic came up here. I’m still caught up in the middle of it, so –’ 
‘Nothing changes, it seems.’ She exhaled heavily. ‘Look, I wouldn’t have troubled you at work, but it is important. I’ve got involved with a little investment with Gerard, and I wanted to get your advice.’
‘I thought you said that he hadn’t asked you for money. That after Pierre, you wouldn’t get involved with anyone like that again.’
‘No, no – he hasn’t asked me. This is a business arrangement, he’s put in money too. We’ve both gone into it with our eyes fully open, as equal partners. He risks losing the same as me.’
‘Losing?’
As Charlotte explained that sales of a collection they’d jointly invested in weren’t going as hoped, he wondered why she was phoning him. Surely this was something she’d be better off discussing directly with Gerard. Halfway through he interrupted and voiced that thought, adding, ‘And, I mean, if you really thought my opinion was worthwhile – surely the best time to ask would have been at the outset?’
‘I know. But since things started going wrong with the investment, it’s been difficult to talk to Gerard about it. I’ve only spoken to him once in the last week, and then he said he was just too busy to discuss it.’
André smiled wryly at the fact that he was merely an afterthought. She’d only thought of him once she was no longer getting feedback from Gerard – but suddenly it was world-crushingly urgent and he was meant to drop everything. Typically selfish Charlotte action – but then maybe she’d become conditioned to the world revolving around her panics. Or was it more a cry for help, her afraid of losing another man because of this business arrangement gone haywire? Either way – at the other end of the room David and Michel were in the midst of a flurry of activity with Anouk, David intermittently looking up anxiously to see when he’d be finished on the phone – this wasn’t the time for business or emotional counselling, even if there was anything of use he could have offered.
‘Look, Charlotte. What I know about fashion investments you could fit on the back of a postage stamp. And you’ve caught me in the middle of the most terrible panic. If we could talk about this another time?’
‘Yes, yes, another time,’ she echoed blandly, as if she’d suddenly been distracted by something else or her thoughts had drifted.
Across the room, David was frantically beckoning him over. 
‘Got to go! I’ll phone you in a couple of days, and we’ll –’
‘Yes, of course. A couple of days,’ she cut in. The same bland echo. ‘Maybe by then it might have sorted itself out.’ She hung up abruptly.
There was something that worried him in her voice, a tremulous undertone that hinted of deeper concerns that she was reluctant to voice, and for a moment he felt guilty about brushing her off. But he had no time to dwell on it, he was quickly sucked back into the nightmare with Anouk: 82 over 39; respiration 13 p.m; pulse rate 78 p.m; temperature 103.4.
Michel had given her more amoxycillin together with a shot of adrenalin two hours ago, but they were still losing her. Rapidly.  
‘Her temperatures dangerously high with fever,’ Michel commented. ‘We’ve reduced the temperature in the incubator to try and control it. Let’s see how that goes.’
They watched anxiously as over the next fifteen minutes it rose to a peak of 103.6 before slipping slowly back and settling finally at 102.1. Pulse rate by then was also lower at 49 p.m, which Michel commented he’d have expected with the lower incubator temperature.  When all indicators had been more or less stable for almost forty minutes, André took the opportunity to head home to see to his kids.  
He grabbed a takeaway Chinese on his way and just over an hour later, after instructions to Veruschka as to what time Joël and Eban should be in bed, he headed back to the lab.
‘What’s wrong with her?’ Joël asked as he was on his way out of the door. Joël had overheard him comment to Veruschka that the reason he was working so late was because of problems with one of the mangabeys, Anouk. 
‘She’s very ill. Pneumonia.’
‘She’s going to be okay, isn’t she?’ Joël asked, his little voice heavy with concern.
‘Well, we… we don’t know yet.’ André looked down, found it hard to meet Joël’s eyes directly.  ‘It’s just too early yet.’   
Eban, a couple of yards behind Joël, looked down almost in unison with him. Eban hadn’t said anything, but he looked equally as concerned about Anouk’s plight. Possibly because Anouk was the only one of the monkeys the children had actually seen, when one night he’d stopped by the lab briefly on his way back home after picking them up from Charlotte’s.
When he got back to the lab, he walked in on the middle of another crisis. Anouk’s temperature had risen so high that Michel and David had taken her out of the incubator and covered her body with ice packs. The ice packs worked in lowering her temperature, but her pulse rate and respiration were correspondingly weakened and twelve minutes later her heart stopped. Michel frantically massaged while André and David prepared the electric shock pads. After two jolts, her heart started again, and immediately afterwards they gave her another adrenalin shot. The following four hours were a desperate juggling of Anouk’s temperature, pulse and respiration, and more amoxycillin and adrenalin shots – but when her second heart attack hit, it was a battle they finally lost. After the fifth electric pad jolt and still a flatline showing, no response, with the three of them by then physically and emotionally exhausted, they switched off. 
The fall-out from Anouk’s death was devastating. Press headlines appeared such as ‘Monkey Mishap’ and ‘Blow to AIDS cure’, with one article questioning how we could possibly hold faith in a cure for AIDS cure deriving from a species of monkey that had itself just died from simple pneumonia, something humans had long ago developed reasonable immunity to. The negative media coverage combined with the fact that they’d lost a vital live sample for cross-referencing – something that could seriously hamper them in the final clinches of getting phase one clinical trial clearance – once again had Delatois having second thoughts. André had to be at his most persuasive to convince him not to stop the project.
‘We’ve had the main breakthrough, and we’re almost there in putting everything together to back it up. Just a month or two more and we’ll have the press singing a different tune.’
Of all his past lies and truth-bending to Delatois, this was the most audacious. He knew already that he needed a minimum of four months. But by far the most worrying impact of Anouk’s death was to Eban. In the week after, Eban’s T-cell count dropped a startling 11 points, then another 15 points in the two weeks after that. Perhaps because he’d formed an unconscious bond with Anouk: something from his part of the world that might lead to him being cured. That somehow seemed fitting. But now with her death, a large part of that symbol of hope in Eban’s mind was gone; it was also perhaps a portent of what lay ahead for him. Everyone he’d ever been close to in Africa went the same way: Nsoro, Mpundu, now Anouk. André couldn’t help feeling that with Anouk’s death, Eban mentally let loose the last strand of hope he’d been clinging to.
Perhaps that too was why André had lied to Delatois. For so long he’d linked the cure for AIDS with Eban in his mind that he found it impossible to separate the two. And subconsciously he knew that was all the time they probably now had left: one or two months. Whatever hope had appeared briefly a few weeks ago had been yanked cruelly away, now you see it, now you don’t. There was little or nothing that could be done to save Eban within that time. 


13

There was nothing for almost two months, no messages, and Dani felt a certain tension building with the silence. As if her and her conspirator had formed a bond and she was lost and adrift without his guiding hand. 
	Perhaps there was nothing to say. Hebbard had been suitably humbled and she was now Kalpenski’s top protégé, nothing to stand in her way. Everything was heading in the direction that Chisholm had no doubt hoped. But then perhaps, more worryingly, the silence was because Chisholm had found out that she’d put a private investigator on him. 
	His name was Ken Meikle and she’d asked him to be discreet: paperwork and file digging and, if he had to make any phone calls, subtle and low-key so that they couldn’t be traced back or in any way alert Chisholm. And no trailing or phone-tapping: she wanted to know purely about Chisholm’s background, not about his current love-life or movements.   
	Meikle’s report arrived after three weeks. Much of the early parts of it was readily available surface information: 58, twice-divorced (last marriage ended seven years ago). Two daughters from his first marriage, now aged 18 and 15. A son from his second marriage, now 10 and living with his mother in Aarau, Switzerland (second wife is Swiss and they married there twelve years ago while Chisholm was with FILSA). Harvard graduate, first in medicine, second in economics. Post graduate Phd in economics (Chisholm’s father was a doctor and his first in medicine was at his father’s bequest; however, he attained far higher grades in economics and from then on followed his own lead for his Phd, feeling that economics was where his main strength and interests lay).
	Dani skimmed quickly through the next two pages detailing Chisholm’s work career in the fifteen years after leaving university. A variety of minor posts mostly in the finance and marketing departments of pharmaceutical or medical research establishments – though one was a chemical supply company and another a technical publisher (two medical journals among its fourteen titles). 
	It wasn’t until Chisholm was in his mid thirties that he started seriously climbing up the rungs. Three assistant finance directorships at pharmaceutical companies and assistant Treasurer at two hospitals (one of which was Chisholm’s closest posting, Delaware County) took up the next ten years before Chisholm’s move to FILSA in Switzerland, his first finance directorship. Chisholm also stayed with FILSA longer than any other company so far, six years in total. A brief posting of only ten months followed with a Boston research company, Votex, then two years with a Palo Alto genetic research establishment, GRC, before Chisholm finally joined the Spheros as Treasurer four years ago. 
	The only possibly troublesome notes were Chisholm leaving Votex prematurely under a cloud, reportedly because of his undisclosed financial involvement with GRC, at that stage in early start-up (Chisholm in fact still maintains a stake-holding in GRC but, unlike last time, with Spheros’s knowledge and approval); and his acrimonious divorce and custody battle with his Swiss wife (part of Chisholm’s motive for investing in GRC it appears was to sort as much money as possible out of reach of his ex-wife, in retaliation for her playing hard-ball over custody). 
	Dani looked up from the report and out of the window as a rising wind ruffled the tree branches outside, for a moment sucked in the silence of the house around and felt it settle heavy in her stomach. One thing her and Chisholm had in common: a child sacrificed on the altar of their careers. Though in Chisholm’s case it sounded more forced than chosen, and at least she had the benefit of still seeing Allison at the weekends. 
	Dani felt a sudden chill run through her, though it was little to do with the cold wind outside and thoughts of lost children; it was because it suddenly hit her that Chisholm had probably done the same with her: dug into her background.  He certainly knew everything about her past run in with Bremner. Which probably meant he knew also about her giving up custody of Allison in order to advance her career and about her current legal battle with her mother. She’d made sure to keep that secret from work colleagues; it would be impossible for them to view with anything but abhorrence, however much she bent the truth or tried to give it a favourable spin. 
	She let out a long, slow breath and closed her eyes. The fact that Chisholm probably knew about that and yet had still earmarked her as his golden girl said a lot about him. Probably far more than Meikle had put in his five-page report.
	Twelve days later, by which time her nerves were ragged as she became convinced that the long silence was because Chisholm had found out about her digging into his background, there was a an e-mail message waiting for her when she arrived at work: 
	Now you need to take care of Kalpenski. He’s the only remaining obstacle in the way of you heading the department. No clues this time as to how and when – you’re going to have to work that out for yourself, use your own initiative. That in itself will tell me if you’ve got what it takes to fill his shoes. 

The subway station faded into the blur of the passing tunnel walls as the train sped up again. Blanche, the first station after their change at Place de Clichy. André glanced up at the map above the window: two more stations to go before they got off at Barbès Rochechouart. 
	Marielle forced an encouraging smile at him from her flip-down seat opposite, but then his vision was blocked by a group of three people preparing to get off at the next station. André went back to staring vacantly at the tunnel wall speeding past – the monotony and his gaunt reflection broken only by brief electrical flashes – before finally closing his eyes. The past few weeks had become little more than that: a blur.
Working late in the lab almost every night, hastily grabbed pizzas and kebabs on his way home or, if the children were with Charlotte, sending Marielle or Marc out to grab a roll or sandwich which he’d nibble at while hunched over a microscope or spread of agarose trays; or sometimes because of his absorption with work he’d forget to eat completely. Then home for another fitful nights sleep – though thankfully he’d only had the same dream once over those weeks. His sleep was so sparse that when he did finally succumb he was probably sleeping too deeply to dream. And all the time Eban’s T-cell count was steadily ticking down. A blur, and with the same feeling as now: hurtling through a dark tunnel with little hope at its end.
Dhoumil? André wondered whether she really could be Eban’s salvation.
Steadily ticking down. At least Eban’s T-cell decline had been just that for most of the past few weeks: steady, dropping by no more than three to four points each week. Until four days ago. Eban got another cold which quickly turned to flu – probably because by now his immunity was so weak it was susceptible to even the faintest germ strain – and his T-cell count dropped twelve points in two days. Then another four points the next day, three points the next… Eban was dying. But now, suddenly, it was being measured in days and weeks rather than months. André began to fear that he might not even last through this current bout of flu; or, if he did, he would simply be too weak to respond to any treatment.   
They were still months away from a clinical trial – most of which would be taken up running prior-infected hepatitis B models with transengenic mice and ex-vivo human samples – and Eban no longer had that sort of time left. It was then that David suggested Douhmil. 
‘She’s the best case example we’ve had of someone resistant to developing AIDS who’s also previously had hepatitis. If we can see where her T-cell count is now and how it responds ex-vivo to the macaque serum – it could put us months ahead, knocking at the door of a clinical trial almost in one leap.’ 
	André immediately saw the sense in it. Dhoumil’s T-cell count had slowly declined from 712 to 518 before rising again to a plateau of 585-620 where it had been holding steady last time they’d tested her a year ago. Whether it had since dropped or was still holding, any rise now in response to the macaque serum could provide the vital final proof and, in conjunction with their earlier tests, provide them with a pertinent body of data that could take them months to achieve through other means. The only problem was that Dhoumil had moved from her last address, and when they’d phoned the new tenants said that they didn’t know where she was. She hadn’t left a forwarding address or telephone number.  
	They decided to try their luck again with the new tenants. Marielle offered to make the call; they might have to plea their case and a woman had a better chance of hitting the right compassionate note, might draw them out more. At first Marielle got the same blank ‘we don’t know where she’s gone’ as last time. But then she laid it on thick and said that Dhoumil was seriously ill and needed urgent medical treatment. ‘What she has is also highly contagious. So she’s not just in danger herself, she’s also a threat to others.’
After some worried conferring with a couple of voices in the background, the woman at the other end said that they didn’t know exactly where Dhoumil had gone, but her brother had seen Dhoumil just a few blocks away on Rue Myrha a couple of months ago. ‘Perhaps she’s living somewhere around there now.’
It made sense that Dhoumil was still in the area, no doubt laying low from social services and immigration. With its predominance of immigrants from North and West Africa and the Caribbean, few areas could offer Dhoumil the same combination of anonymity and low-rent housing as the Goutte d’Or. Their only option would be to head to Rue Myrha and start knocking some doors.
Security was suddenly an issue. The Goutte d’Or was a known haven of drug-dealers, thieves and Algerian GIA terrorists. Even the police thought twice before venturing into the area. Marc offered to go instead of Marielle, but while appreciating the gesture Marielle insisted that a soft touch would still be essential. ‘Two men on the doorstep will just ensure more doors closing in our faces, or them not even opening in the first place.’
But then while Marielle was digging out Dhoumil’s file with her photo, Charlotte phoned. More whining about Gerard. After two weeks of giving her the run around, Gerard had finally presented her with the accounts of their failed joint enterprise, claiming that he’d felt too awkward and embarrassed to show them to them earlier. But André was suspicious and, through a company search man recommended by Marc, discovered that it was a shell company with Gerard Lacroix very much behind it; also, it wasn’t the first time he’d done it. It was another two weeks before André summoned up the courage and found the right cushioning words to break the news to Charlotte, and this was now the third ‘woe is me’ call from her since. What am I going to do? Why didn’t I see it earlier? Is that all that men want me for these days: my money? He’d listened patiently throughout each call, bit his lip and was careful not to say or even hint ‘I told you so.’ But now with the panic with Eban, her wheedling tone was beginning to grate. He glanced at his watch as Marielle finally lifted a file from the cabinet and looked over at him hopefully.
At the end of last week, Hervé had phoned to remind him that Eric’s trial was in just six day’s time. ‘Of course I’ll be there,’ André had assured. As always, everyone making demands on him, pulling and pushing him in every direction. And he suddenly had the feeling that if anything happened to Eban, that could be partly to blame: his attention dragged away at a key moment and him missing vital clues that might help save Eban in time. I can’t save them all…
‘I’m sorry… I don’t have time for this now,’ he cut in halfway through Charlotte’s whining. She was covering much the same ground as last time and he’d switched off halfway through. Across the room Marielle waved the file and raised one eyebrow, silently mouthing ‘Come on.’
‘Busy as usual, I suppose. Like all the other men in my life, no time for me now. I would have thought that knowing the state I’m in, you might at least spare a few –’
‘Eban is dying!’ he blurted out, suddenly sick of her whining; not just now, but over the past months and years. The exclamation felt strangely gratifying, a damn-burst release of frustration; all the times he’d bit his lip and patiently listened suddenly let loose.  
A short gasp as she was hit with the news, or perhaps it was partly the surprise value that others apart from her also had dramas and problems. Then, seconds later, a more relaxed exhalation. ‘But we’ve known that right from the start. And you always said that it was years away and that you’d probably hit a breakthrough before anything might happen to him.’
‘That’s the problem – it’s not years away any more. It’s weeks or perhaps only days. The breakthrough I was hoping for is close, very close. But Eban’s in such a bad way with this recent flu that I’m not sure I’m going to make it in time. That’s why I’m rushing.’
‘I see. I’m sorry. I didn’t know.’ Her voice was suddenly subdued, heavy. She cleared her throat and struggled for a more hopeful tone. ‘But surely there’s still hope?’
‘Yes, of course. We’re trying for something right now that might give us the short cut we need. I’d just got some fresh news in as you phoned.’
‘I… I see.’ A forced, muted chuckle, her voice on the edge of cracking. ‘I seem to have the knack of always phoning at the wrong time.’
‘No, no… it’s okay. I was going to tell you earlier. But you already had so much on your plate.’
‘… Always a bit slow on catching on when people don’t want to hear from me any more,’ she continued distractedly as if he hadn’t said anything. ‘Not just you… but everyone. I think Sylvana had the right idea. No trouble to anyone any more. I… I’m sorry.’ He could hear the tremble in her voice become more pronounced with every word, as if it was taking every ounce of her effort to keep from breaking down. He wished now he hadn’t said anything. ‘I should let you go now… shouldn’t trouble you any more.’ She hung up abruptly. 
Bang! André’s nerves jumped with the sudden thud to one side. As the man sat next to him got up, his flip down seat sprung back with a bang. Marielle was looking at him expectantly as she also got to her feet. 
‘It’s our stop. We get off here.’
The sudden stream of lights to one side burnt his eyes. And as the train slowed, the repetitive sign markings became clear: Barbès Rochechouart. Minutes later they were swallowed up among the shadowy warrens of the Goutte d’Or. 

Dani answered her phone on the second ring.
‘Hi. Merison calling. We’ve got it! We’ve got the adjournment.’
	‘I see.’ Dani looked around. Everybody on the lab floor was busy with their work; nobody seemed to be paying her any attention. But still she felt anxious, hesitant. She kept her voice muted. ‘You know, you shouldn’t really call me here.’ The thought of whether Chisholm, or indeed anyone at the Spheros, knew about the case with her mother had pre-occupied her increasingly over the past few weeks. 
‘Sorry. But I thought you’d want to know this straight away. Especially given that last time we spoke your mother wasn’t very well. What we discussed then might actually now be a possibility.’
‘Right. Well, I…’ Dani faltered. Andy Luttman was looking up from his computer towards her. He got up and started heading her way. She felt a sudden rush of blood to her face. ‘I… I’m not with you. However misguided I think she might be in this action, you know I could never have such an unkind thought about her.’ She hung up abruptly before Luttman got close. 
At his end, Silas Merrison held the receiver a foot away and stared at it curiously. A strange fish, this Dani Stolk. When he’d told her two months ago that the chances of winning with her mother were no better than 50/50, she’d begged and pleaded with him to get an adjournment, delay as much as possible. Her mother had been ill recently. ‘With any luck, the old hag might not even make it that long.’ Now she was the complete opposite, playing the morally sainted. 
Two hours later, just after he’d returned from lunch, she called back. 
‘Sorry about that. Someone came by my desk.’ He could hear traffic sounds drifting from the background. She was obviously calling from a street booth. ‘How long a delay might that mean?’
‘Four months minimum. But if I’m creative with my diary and make things awkward date-wise because of other trial commitments – we could stretch that to six, seven, maybe even nine months. How’s your mother’s health now?’
‘She’s okay right now. It was flu last time. A pretty bad one. Developed into pneumonia and dragged her under for more than a month. But then when she’s like she is now, it seems like she might soldier on indefinitely. Just my luck.’ She forced an uncomfortable laugh. ‘You know, she had a big operation a couple of years back before any of this started. And I silently prayed then that she wouldn’t make it, because even then I could see all of this coming down the line in the future.’ A fresh breath. ‘But hey, at least now we’ve got more chance of that happening. She can’t last forever. Right?’
	‘Right.’
	As Dani thanked him and signed off, for the second time that day Silas Merrison stared at the receiver curiously just before hanging up. But at least the Dani Stolk he’d come to know over the past year was back. He knew exactly where he stood and what he was dealing with. 

Charlotte lit the last of the night-lights and carefully placed it on the tiled bath surround as steam rose from the bath filling. 
An oval bath, the tiling level with its rim spread out almost two foot each side so that the area formed a large square, plenty of room for bath soaps and oils, creams, scents, and strategically placed decorative pebbles. Now those were all pushed back to make room for the night-lights, eleven in all. Eleven: new beginnings. Except that she could no longer see anything new or hopeful in the future, and she felt too tired, too defeated to try and reinvent herself and her fashion line yet again. But she just couldn’t think of a new number to suit how she felt now, so she’d stuck with an old faithful. A reminder of good and more hopeful times past.
Eban was dying. She’d felt the news like a stomach blow, totally taking the wind out of her.  But perhaps she shouldn’t have felt so shocked. For a while she’d had the feeling that something was wrong, but nobody had the forthrightness to tell her, let her in on the secret. That’s all it was these days, her diet from hereon in: whispers behind closed doors and cupped hands. ‘Don’t let her know. She’s too delicate, too frail… too old.’ 
She caught the reflection of her naked figure for a moment in the long mirror opposite and slowly shook her head. She slowly averted her eyes downwards, as if in shame, and finally closed them. No wonder that Pierre and Gerard just wanted her for her money. What else was there to want? The best had long gone. Her figure, the sparkle in her personality. All that was left was a sad and sour middle-aged woman, a shadow of her former self. A cauldron of self-doubt and neurosis whom none of the men in her life ever told the truth. Pierre, Gerard, now André. His lies were meant to be more noble and well meaning because they weren’t led by the want for money, but out of pity. But in a way that was worse. It told her in no uncertain terms that that was the most she could now expect from men: Pity.  
	She turned off the bath taps as the water came near the top. The rising steam started to obscure her reflection in the mirror. A shadow of her former self. But much better like this, she thought: the mist obscured where the years had taken their toll. Much better that that was the last image she’d take with her. 
She took the bowl from one side and sprinkled the red petals on top of the water. The image in the bath too was now almost perfect, how she remembered it to be. How long ago was that now? Fourteen years, fifteen? Her business was at its height and they’d just moved in to the St Michel apartment. André got some champagne to celebrate, and she’d surrounded the bath with night-lights and sprinkled petals on the water and they’d both sat in the bath and drunk the champagne and then made love half the night. It was the last time she could remember feeling truly happy, whole. She’d tried many times since to recapture and relive perfect moments from the past, but they always remained somehow elusive. Perhaps this was the only way: one perfect moment, one perfect image, forever frozen in time.
Eban was dying. She couldn’t take it anymore. Every year everything got worse, slipped further away from the perfect images she’d fixed in her mind. Could it be that everything was so simple then, or has time re-written… She wiped at a tear that had trickled down and felt suddenly cool on one cheek. She was kidding herself that things were ever going to get better, let alone anywhere near perfect again. 
One day she’d told Sylvana about those old baths she’d prepare, and from then on Sylvana admitted doing the same when she had a special lover. Then she’d done it for that final day and made the newspapers. Maybe she would too; another bit of the past recaptured. It had been a while since they’d written about her, she’d been long forgotten. 
She picked up the open razor and put it within reach at the side of the bath as she stepped in, the warm water soothing and comforting as she slid slowly down. She rested for a moment with her eyes closed, let her breath in and out steadily in an attempt to settle her nerves. But still her heart beat wildly, almost double time to her breathing. When her nerves had calmed as much as she thought they would, she opened her eyes and picked up the razor. But still her hand shaking as she brought it close to her left wrist betrayed her nervousness, threatened to spoil the moment. She wanted to be calm, at peace in her final moment; not the frantic, neurotic bag of nerves she’d been these past months and years. Only then would it be perfect.
She took deep, steady breaths again and after a moment managed to stay the shaking. She started moving the razor closer to her wrist and, as she felt the cool of the blade touch her skin, closed her eyes. She’d never been able to watch people being cut in films, remembered shrieking and curling up close to André with her eyes closed at that moment in the Bunuel film with the razor – let alone being able to watch herself being cut.   
She drew the blade slowly across. She was surprised it didn’t hurt more. After a moment she felt brave enough to open her eyes and look. A lazy stream of crimson swirled into the water, almost matching the colour of the petals. Another touch of perfection.
But suddenly she started to get bombarded by conflicting thoughts. What time would the children arrive? She didn’t want them to be first to find her. It had to be the police: that first snapshot catching her perfectly arranged scenario for posterity. Especially if, like Sylvana, she hit the press. ‘80s Fashion designer dies…’ 
She leant forward and turned on the taps again, a slow trickle. The bath would overflow, and as blood-tinged water seeped through the floor, the man below would call the police. 
She leant back and eased out her breath as fresh steam rose from the hot water trickling in. The only remaining problems were that she didn’t think she had the guts to just lay there and watch herself slowly bleed to death, she’d need some pills to knock herself out. And what if she bled so slowly that she was discovered before she died?
Was that what all this was about? Subconsciously, she didn’t really want to die – she simply wanted to make a cry for help. She was still trying to fathom out that final nagging question as she stood up and reached towards the bathroom cabinet and the pills. 

A curtain to their side flipped back, startling them; then as quickly it was pulled shut again. The third such overt stare they’d received during their short time in the Goutte d’Or, not counting the two Algerian or Moroccan twenty-somethings on the corner in their Hilfiger bomber jackets and kaffirs, who, having measured them with a searing gaze as they’d passed, kept glancing at them warily every other minute – particularly when they’d called on doors to ask questions. It was as if the two were on look-out, but they could have simply been waiting for somebody and Cagey and Surly were all that was in their street-stance repertoire.
	Across the road, two adjoining derelict buildings appeared to have been taken over by squatters. At one time there’d obviously been some development planned because the builders had concealed the ground floor of each property behind plywood board, on which there was now a myriad of graffiti and the announcement JOUR 90, 150, 210, 270… each 60-day marker in white crossed through with a bold red line all the way up to 560, the only number not crossed through. Presumably the number of days the squatters had managed to hold out against the developers and the local council. At the centre of the plywood expanse a rough hole had been cut and a heavily soiled, bright-striped blanket had been draped over it. A pathetic reminder of Bedouin tents or African kraal huts among the city sprawl. 
The blanket was pulled aside as they approached and a plump black woman in a long floral African dress, trainers and anorak looked out. It was as if her dress, along with perhaps much of her spirit and thoughts, had only made part of the transition to urban Europe. Her gaze their way was only fleeting, it was more of a general survey up and down the street. 
	‘Let’s try her,’ Marielle said, leading the way across the street.
‘Looks promising,’ André agreed. Just the sort of squat that might suit Dhoumil. Probably as many as thirty of forty occupied the two buildings. 
The woman, who at the last second realized that they intended to speak to her, made as if to duck back hastily behind the blanket before deciding that the gesture would be too obvious. As Marielle started speaking, she nodded in acknowledgement with the blanket half pulled across her lower body. She paid a bit more attention to the photo Marielle produced than the three people so far canvassed, squinting at it briefly, but the end result was the same.	
	‘No. I’m sorry. Don’t know her.’
	‘Are you sure?’ Marielle pressed. ‘If not in this building, then maybe in the street? We were told that she might be in this street.’
The woman squinted at the photo again for a second before shaking her head. ‘No, no. Very sorry.’ She gave an attempt at a courteous smile. But as she went to pull the blanket back, Marielle reached out and lightly gripped her shoulder.
‘It’s very important that we find her. She’s very ill. Very ill indeed. And also her condition is highly contagious. She could infect many others in the same house and in the general neighbourhood.’ Only the first part held any truth and Marielle had only used the tactic once previously, when she thought a dreadlocked teenager was being evasive and possibly hiding something. But this time it was probably more out of frustration, desperation. 
The African woman held Marielle’s gaze steadily without glancing again at the photo. ‘I hear what you’re saying very clearly. But I have not seen this woman. This I am sure of. I’m sorry.’ She lowered her eyes and gave a curt nod, but just before she pulled the blanket across Marielle handed her their department’s business card. 
‘If the situation changes or you later remember anything, please give us a call. It’s important.’ The same routine on every call so far, just in case somebody later had a stab of conscience or recall. 
The woman reminded André of a surlier version of Bernice, the Mauritian ex-nurse André had brought in a week ago to take care of Eban. As Eban’s conditioned worsened, he had to be taken out of school and André didn’t have the time to take care of him round the clock. He couldn’t hunt down the cure for him and nurse him. It was one or the other. And he couldn’t ask Charlotte, otherwise she’d have known how ill Eban was, even if she was in a fit state with all her other problems right now. So in the end the only option was a nurse recommended who used to work at Val-de-Grace hospital.
	He needn’t have worried about bringing in somebody new. Bernice and Eban got on like a house on fire. He’d phone a couple of times a day to find out how Eban was to be greeted by Bernice chuckling. ‘That Eban – he so funny. He’s got some stories and a half, I can tell you.’ All Bernice and Eban seemed to do all day was swap funny stories and anecdotes about Africa and the Caribbean. 
He should have brought Bernice in earlier, though knew why he hadn’t. A constant nurse might have been a painful reminder to Eban of just how ill he was. But now if anything was helping Eban’s T-cell count remain stable while they were out hunting down Dhoumil, it was Bernice.
The next three door calls went much the same as the first, but when on the last Marielle used the same tactic of pushing harder – possibly because the woman’s eyes above the mouth-cover of her djellabah kept shifting to something or someone slightly behind her – everything started to go horribly wrong. 
An unshaven man in his early thirties, possibly her younger brother, suddenly burst from the shadows behind her. 
‘Who are you? Coming around asking questions like this.’ He gesticulated wildly, the back of one hand almost slapping against Marielle’s shoulder as his eyes darted between the two of them. His left eye had a slightly milky cloud and it was more difficult to tell where it was focused. ‘The police? Social services?’
	‘No. We’re medical research workers,’ Marielle offered. But the sudden quaver in her voice made it a weak claim, as if she was uncertain of her ground. Or lying.
‘Medical research?’ The man raised one eyebrow incredulously. ‘What business could you possibly have here, in the Goutte d’Or?’
	‘As I… as I said before. We’re looking for this woman, because she’s very ill.’ Marielle held up the photo of Dhoumil still clutched in her hand, which was now visibly shaking. He gave it only a passing glance. ‘And what she has is highly contagious.’
	‘Contagious… contagious,’ the man mimicked with a sly smile. ‘What would the authorities or anyone outside care if all of us here in the Goutte d’Or perished. In fact that would probably suit them… all of their problems gone in one!’ His eyes glared, and this time as he made a sweeping arm motion, the back of his right hand lightly connected with Marielle’s shoulder. ‘They look upon us as no better than vermin here. It would only concern them if they thought it might spread outside. If their own might be affected…’
But in the middle of the man’s tirade, the thought suddenly hit André: Sylvana! Oh no! Oh God no!
He stepped forward and took his mobile out in the same motion. ‘We don’t have time for this now!’
	‘Time? Time?’ The man suddenly turned on André. Now, dealing with a man, he felt he no longer had to hold back on physical contact. He prodded André’s chest hard with two fingers. ‘That’s more like it. What we’re more used to hearing. You don’t have time for us here.’ The two-fingered prod very quickly became a solid flat-handed push. 
André stumbled back. But all he could think about was Charlotte. ‘Sylvana had the right idea.’ He was half switched off, numbed to the possible danger of the situation he was in. He straightened and brought his mobile up again, starting to tap out Charlotte’s number. His whole body was shaking, his finger struggling to hit the numbers square-on. He just prayed he was wrong. ‘Really, there’s something else I’ve…’
	But the man was on him quickly, pushing hard again with his hand. André stumbled back and his mobile flew from his grip before he’d tapped out the last few numbers. He went to pick it up, but the man kept coming forward, hovering over him and gloating as he crouched down. It didn’t look like he was giving any quarter, looked ready to push André again as soon as he raised. 
André’s arms and torso were probably too weak to fend the man off, but his legs were like steel chords from his daily cycle ride. He grabbed his mobile and looked up uncertainly, still slightly winded from being pushed – but then the sudden reminder that the children would soon be arriving from school at Charlotte’s gave him the final adrenalin rush he needed. He sprung up without warning, hitting the man solidly in his chest with his right shoulder. The man exhaled with a burst of surprise, his eyes wide as he stumbled back. He back-pedalled frantically for balance and looked as if he was about to fall when he connected with a thud with his house wall behind, a second burst of air spewing from his mouth. 
	The man was at a difficult angle, his feet almost a yard ahead of his chest pinned back against the wall. But André kept up the pressure, keenly aware that if the man got anywhere near straight again, he’d have lost the temporary advantage. He pressed his forearm up under the man’s chin.
	‘I said – we don’t have time for this now.’ A hoarse, threatening whisper, his face so close that he could feel the warmth and sour-spice odour of the man’s breath. 
	The man’s eyes held his defiantly for a moment and his body tensed as if he was about to struggle back. The woman in the djellabah started to shriek and pound André’s shoulder and the two men on the corner were again looking on curiously. It was all starting to slip away; André didn’t think he could hold the man pinned back much longer. He shrugged the woman off and gave one last desperate push with all his strength, feeling his thigh muscles lock as he squeezed the last air from the man and jammed his forearm tighter into his neck. 
	‘Okay… okay,’ the man said finally, gaspingly.
	André waited a second for the last of the fight to go from the man’s body and his eyes look down in final acquiescence, then with one last push he stepped back and started heading away. Marielle quickly fell in step beside him.
	He took out his mobile and dialled Charlotte’s number again, giving one last look back in case the man once more summoned bravado and decided to come after him. But he was too busy waving his arms at the woman, reassuring her that he was okay.
‘That was brave,’ Marielle commented, one eyebrow raised. ‘And more than a little foolish.’ 
  Looking at Marielle, it was difficult to tell which had won the day: brave or foolish. But she certainly looked surprised. Charlotte’s number started ringing. ‘I had to do something. He wasn’t going to let us be.’ 
‘True.’
The number kept ringing. And ringing. André finally gave up on the seventh ring, by which time they were halfway back down the street. André felt his fears turn to real panic, his stomach tightening.  Unconsciously, he broke from his brisk stride into a light jog.
‘What’s wrong?’ Marielle asked. ‘Something you remembered about Eban?’
‘No. Something Charlotte mentioned on the phone this morning about Sylvana, a model she used to know.’ Between breaths as they ran, André explained: Originally from Czechoslovakia, Sylvana, after initially falling in love with Paris and a dazzling first two years on the circuit, became beset by problems: boyfriends and emotional, drink and drugs, finally eating disorders and anorexia and resultantly less modelling assignments. ‘Not too different to the problems that hit many a model, I suppose. Except that in Sylvana’s case one day she decided to opt out by emptying a bottle of pills down her throat.’ André sighed heavily. ‘When I spoke to Charlotte this morning, she said that she thought Sylvana had the right idea.’
Marielle remained slightly quizzical. ‘Why should that suddenly come up now?’
‘Well, she’s also been having relationship problems recently. And then just this morning I told her about Eban, how seriously ill he was. I’d kept it from her until now.’
‘Oh.’ 
They were silent for the rest of the block and a half run to Barbès Rochechouart station. 
As they went down the escalator to the platform, André tried Veruschka’s number. She should be on the bus home from school now and about to pick up Joël. But it was engaged.
On the platform there were already groups of schoolchildren, some Joël’s age and younger, their laughter and screeching voices filling the air. Suddenly he wasn’t so sure what he wanted most if and when he got hold of Veruschka: to get to Charlotte before she did anything rash or, if as he feared she might already have done something, to make sure Joël didn’t see her like that. He tried Veruschka’s number again. Still engaged. The screeches of the children echoed in the tiled concourse, and he felt suddenly dizzy and faint. He braced one hand against the nearest wall and let out a slow breath, fighting to calm his pounding nerves. Who else could he try? The police? But then what if he was wrong and she wasn’t answering simply because she was with a customer or in the backroom checking stock? 
Marielle looked at him with concern and lightly gripped one arm. ‘Don’t worry,’ she said. 
She leant forward and for a second he thought she was going to kiss him, but she simply traced the same hand up and gently touched one cheek, pressing home her message with her eyes before lifting the hand away.
For a moment he was caught up in the warmth and perfume of her, the compassion in her suntan-brown eyes, and a part of him wanted to sink deeper into that, push away the world outside and his problems with Eban and now Charlotte; but another part of him felt it was totally the wrong emotion to have at that moment with what might be happening with Charlotte.
	Their train hurtling into the station broke the spell.
	Suddenly André remembered another option: the man who ran the antique bookshop adjoining Charlotte’s shop and below her apartment, Henri Porce… something. He’d know whether or not she was there or what she might be doing. Porcern? Porcenet? Porcelet!
	As their train started gathering speed and the lights of Barbès Rochechouart station gave way to the darkness of the tunnel, André dialled directory enquiries.


14

Henri Porcelet climbed up the ladder to reach the top shelves.
	He had a collector arriving late that afternoon from Tours and he already had two of the books requested – Dorgeles’ Le Revéil des morts and Vallotton’s Les Rassemblements – on his desk. The third book on the collector’s list was far rarer and so Porcelet had put it on a high shelf. It collected more dust there, but saved the wear are tear from day to day handling, the countless customers who’d pick it up out of curiosity, ‘Ah, Eluard’s Doubles d’ombre,’ and leaf through before deciding it was too expensive. The high shelves were usually for serious collectors only, and Porcelet often informed casual browsers scanning the top shelves, ‘The prices go up as you go higher. If it’s out of reach of your hand, it might well also be out of reach of your pocket.’ 

Occasionally he’d hook a casual buyer with that line, their ego dented that anything was beyond their pocket, and they’d leave with a handful of books costing a King’s ransom, when all they’d originally walked in for was a few leather-bound tomes as decoration for their newly put-up library shelves, which they’d never read but would give dinner guests the impression that they were intellectual.
Porcelet took the book into his grip with due veneration and blew off its light cover of dust. He gently stroked its red leather cover as if he was caressing a new-born baby or lover. It was then that Porcelet noticed something: a damp patch on the white plaster wall where he’d removed the book. He quickly removed two more to judge the spread of the patch, and it appeared to get slightly larger as Porcelet looked on. Water was coming in from above! But it had a slightly pink tinge. Pink champagne?
	The woman who owned the adjoining fashion shop and apartment above, Charlotte, he’d spoken to a few times, but they were far from close acquaintances, despite the many warm smiles he’d fire at her as he caught her eye walking in and out her shop, to make it clear that he wouldn’t mind knowing her better. Always busy, slightly frantic and living on her nerves, but she was attractive in an almost classical way – how he imagined the Princess of Cleves and some of the other heroines in the books lining his shelves – and she was always immaculately turned out and elegant; something that was sadly fading these days, even on the left bank. 
She looked the sort that might drink pink champagne, but it would have to be a cascade to run through like this. One of those champagne glass waterfalls. He decided in the end that it was probably bubble bath or rust from the pipes providing the pink tinge. But he was going to have to remove a fair few more books to protect them, and fast! The patch seemed to have spread almost another inch in the time he’d been looking at it. Then he’d go up and knock on her door to see what was happening. Strangely enough, he’d noticed that her shop had been closed the last hour or so and he hadn’t seen her about. 
	Porcelet started removing the books six and eight at a time, and on his third trip up the ladder, halfway through piling up a fresh stack of books, the phone started ringing. He looked at it accusingly for a moment, wondering whether to put the books back and answer it, before deciding against it. He had to get the books clear of the damp – he could easily lose three or four to water damage just while he was talking. He’d let it go into the answerphone.

 ‘…Claire will be there, Therese too. No, no. Don’t see much of Angel these days. Not since she started going out with Maurice.’
	Veruschka was on her mobile to her best friend, Claudette, as the 35 bus pulled up at the stop by Joël’s school. A light rain had started to fall and a faint mist had formed on the bus window. She rubbed a patch in it and spotted Joël among a group of three boys, beckoning with the same hand and lifting her eyes only briefly in acknowledgement. She gazed into mid-space as she brought her attention back to her call. 
	‘I know… I know. She said that Simon had her bra off and was fondling her last time that they went to the cinema. No more than that, she says. But you never know with that Angel. They might have done more, but she’d never let on. Too afraid that it would get back to her parents.’
	Joël slumped down on the seat next to her with a half-puff, half-sigh, fired a faint smile which Veruschka barely acknowledged – she was too engrossed in her phone conversation – and took a Gameboy out of his school bag.
	‘Makes you wonder. I think she told me about the bra because she wants to make like something exciting is happening… but not too exciting, too shocking. Something that would send her parents into orbit, if it got back to them. Yeah… yeah. I should be there in about eight minutes. The bus is just coming onto Raspail now.’
	Joël only then became aware that she was arranging something. ‘He looked up from his Gameboy. ‘Are you going somewhere?’
	‘Yes. Café Mantellan.’ Confronted with Joël’s pensive expression, she added: ‘It’s okay. I’ll walk to the corner and wait until I see you go inside, like before.’
	Joël still didn’t look happy. ‘Can’t you come in with me for the first fifteen minutes – then go to the Mantellan?’
	‘No, I can’t.’ She looked at him with incredulity and disdain, as if he’d suggested something remarkably loathsome. ‘I’m meeting Claudette. And Claire and Therese. The arrangements are already made.’
Joël dived back into his Gameboy. If Veruschka had come in with him, she’d have got the brunt of their mother’s standard ten-minute inquisition upon walking in the door. Now he’d have to shoulder that alone. You’re late. You’re all wet. How did school go? I told your father that you shouldn’t wear that shirt… it’s far too tight. Plus on top now he’d get: Where’s Veruschka? Why didn’t she come in with you? Who is she seeing? What time will she be back? He took a deep breath, sighing it out dramatically. It was difficult being eight years old. But whatever else he might say, it didn’t look like Veruschka was going to budge.
	As the bus turned onto Rue de Sèvres, it looked for a moment as if the phone conversation was ending, but then obviously Claudette brought up something new. 
	‘I know. I thought exactly the same – a dream. But dangerous… dangereeeuuuux. If he was taking off your bra, you couldn’t imagine him just fumbling with his hands. It would have to be with a knife, or maybe ripped off with his teeth.’
Confusing, Joël thought ruefully. The two women around him were so different: one hardly noticed him, acted as if he wasn’t there; the other paid him far too much attention, continually fussed. He wished Eban were with him. At least then there’d have been two of them to handle his mother’s questions, and with Eban being ill she would probably have gone easy. He felt a sudden pang reminding himself about that. When he’d asked a few days ago if Eban was going to be okay, his father had answered quickly that he’d be fine. But there’d been an uncertainty in his father’s eyes that worried him. Eban and his father were the only ones in the family that he felt he could truly talk to, but his father was always so busy. So in the end there was really only Eban. 
	As the bus slowed approaching their stop, Joël put his Gameboy away and hitched his schoolbag back over his shoulder. But Veruschka was still on her mobile as they got off and turned the corner into Boulevard St Michel towards their mother’s apartment.
	
Engaged. Engaged. Engaged.
	André tried Veruschka’s number every other minute as the stations flashed by. Still engaged. He decided to try Porcelet’s number again. Beep, beep. Beep, beep. Damn! That was engaged now as well. Last time it had rung four times and then gone into an answerphone. Unconsciously his other hand had balled tight and was beating a rapid tattoo on his thigh as the train hurtled along. 
	He tried Charlotte’s number again, letting it ring seven times before he finally gave up. Still no answer.
	‘Don’t worry. Everything’s probably okay,’ Marielle offered. ‘People say the strangest things when they’re upset. She’s probably just nipped out to the shops or is busy with a customer and can’t come to the phone.’
	André nodded, chewing at his bottom lip. Maybe she was right. But looking into Marielle’s eyes, he could see that she was only half convinced by her own assurances. Heavy doubt and worry lay there too.  
	What would Charlotte do? Take pills and cut her wrists, like Sylvana. Or maybe she wasn’t answering because right now she was wandering around looking for a bridge to jump off. He stared pensively into the darkness of the tunnel rushing by his window. The sudden burst of light stung his eyes.
	‘It’s our station,’ Marielle announced.
	And as soon as the doors were open, they sprinted along the platform and took the escalator steps two at a time. As they neared the top, André’s mobile started ringing; he was heavily out of breath as he answered. It was Henri Porcelet.
	‘You left a message. Something about your wife… you were worried about her. I tried you back a moment ago, but you were engaged.’
	‘Yes… yes. Thanks for calling back.’ André struggled for breath as he fed in his ticket and went through the barrier behind Marielle. ‘Have you seen my wife this afternoon? Has she been in the shop?’
	‘No, I haven’t. I saw her this morning and at lunch time. But for the last couple of hours I haven’t seen her, and the shop is closed now. And I… I was starting to wonder about her in fact because of water coming through from her apartment above – when your call came through.’
	‘Water?’
	‘Well, I… I think it’s water. It has a pinkish tinge, and for a moment I thought it might be pink champagne.’ Porcelet forced an awkward laugh. ‘But it’s probably just rust from the pipes.’
	Pinkish tinge. André’s stomach sank. She’d chosen exactly the same way as Sylvana. Cut her wrists and let the bath overflow. Eleven night lights spread around – André forgot the symbolism of the number – and a mass of petals on the water. The picture had made page seven in ‘Le Soir’. Her last shot at fame.
	‘Can you please… please check on her. Go up and ring her door. I’m desperately worried something might have happened to her.’ 
	Marielle frantically flagged down a taxi, and a dark blue Peugeot pulled in.
‘Yes… yes, of course,’ Porcelet said. ‘I can do that for you.’
Marielle shouted ‘Rue de l’Eperon’ to the taxi driver, and they jumped into the back. ‘Number fifty-seven.’ 
‘I should be with you in only four or five minutes,’ André said. ‘We’ve just got in a taxi at Les Halles. But it’s urgent that she’s checked on immediately. Every minute could count.’
‘I understand. I’ll… I’ll go up right now.’ Porcelet’s voice quavered; he was obviously uncomfortable with this errand, starting to worry about what might confront him.  
	‘Thanks.’ André rang off and dialled straight out again to Veruschka. Now at least he knew what he wanted from the children: to stop them getting to the apartment and seeing the nightmare scene he feared awaited there. The images of Sylvana in her blood-soaked bath swam inside his head, made him dizzy. Or was it the movement of the taxi fishtailing as it sped through the traffic?  
	Two rings. Three. André began to panic again when finally it answered at the start of the fourth ring. 
	‘Veruschka! I’ve been trying to get hold of you. Where are you now?’
	‘At the corner of l’Eperon. Why?’
	‘Thank God!’ André eased out a laboured breath. ‘Thank God I got hold of you in time. It’s important that you and Joël don’t go up to see your mother right now.’
‘Why?’ Veruschka looked anxiously towards Joël thirty yards ahead pacing determinedly towards their mother’s. Hopefully he’d glance back, as he usually did when she stayed on the corner and let him go on alone, and she’d wave and hold him back. ‘What’s wrong?’
	‘It’s just something I’m worried might have happened with your mother. I might be…’ The taxi swerved wildly and a horn blared from behind. ‘Look – just don’t go up there right now, that’s all.’
	‘But Joël’s walking ahead of me.’ She broke off and shouted out, ‘Joël! Joël!’ But a large truck passing drowned out her voice and blocked her vision for a second. When she had sight of him again, he hadn’t turned around and was still pacing steadily away. He hadn’t heard. 
	She shouted again, but, combined with the traffic noise, he was now too far away to hear. Veruschka started running after him.
	‘Why aren’t you with him?’ André snapped. ‘We told you to always –’
	‘I don’t have time for that now,’ Veruschka said breathlessly. ‘I’m trying to catch him.’ 
She shouted Joël! again, but the same truck was only twenty yards ahead and revving heavily, caught in a jam behind a few cars as someone parked. Joël didn’t turn around.
‘Have you caught up with him yet?’ André pressed, but no answer came. Only Veruschka’s rapid breathing and her pounding footsteps almost in time with his own pulse; background traffic sounds for a moment were hard to distinguish from those around him, a car behind beeping twice as their taxi cut sharply in front of him. Another swerve and fishtail to get in the outer lane, then their driver floored it approaching the Pont Neuf. 
	André felt suddenly dizzy with it all: the swaying of the taxi, Veruschka’s pounding footsteps, his own adrenalin rush and rapid pulse. Bridge. And as they hit the bridge and he saw the water, he closed his eyes. But suddenly it was no longer water there, but the rows of tombstones stretching into the distance. I can’t save them all, I can’t… Lights hit his eyes in a flaring burst, a slowly expanding arc as Charlotte’s apartment door swung open, and he saw clearly the horror and trauma reflected on young Joël’s face – but he couldn’t make out what Joël saw in that moment beyond the door, the searing light whited everything out…
	He opened his eyes to see a car coming directly towards them, its lights flashing frantically. Their taxi swung back in again and the car’s blaring horn dopplered quickly past.
	‘Have you caught up with him?’ André repeated. 
	‘No. But don’t worry, I will.’ Joël was only five yards from the entrance. She felt sure that he’d look back just before going inside, as he did every day.
‘We’re just crossing the Pont Neuf. I should be with you in only two minutes.’
‘Okay.’ Joël was only a yard away from the entrance. She moved the mobile away from her mouth and shouted ‘Joël!’ one last time.
 	Joël’s shoulders seemed to flinch slightly, as if her shout had hit him and caused a moment’s indecision; but then as quickly the flinch was shook off and he continued on without altering pace or looking back.
	

15

‘Madame Lemoine. Madame Lemoine!’ Porcelet waited a moment and then knocked a couple of times sharply, the third time he’d done so. And waited. No response. He rang the bell again; his fourth ring, he’d rung twice before he started to knock and call out. And as the echoes of the last ring died, Porcelet became aware of footsteps at the bottom of the stairs. He turned towards them.  
	He’d seen the boy before coming in and out of the building past his door and he remembered one day seeing Madame Lemoine ruffle the boy’s hair and kiss his forehead as she packed him off somewhere. As the boy’s eyes settled on him quizzically, as if questioning what he was doing there, little doubt remained which door he was headed for. 
	‘I’m calling on your mother,’ Porcelet said. ‘He glanced down momentarily at the thin stream of water running out under the door. ‘It appears she might have left a tap on.’	
	Joël paused only for a second in his progress up the stairs, still looking slightly perplexed; he couldn’t see the water running out from his angle and didn’t know what Porcelet was looking at.
	As Joël neared the top, Porcelet again rapped sharply on the door and called out; then falling almost as an echo Veruschka’s sharp voice came from the bottom of the stairs.
	‘Joël! Joël! Don’t go up there!’
	Joël paused after a step, the three of them for a moment forming a hesitant triangle.
Porcelet, as Veruschka’s gaze shifted towards him questioningly, offered, ‘Your father phoned and asked me to call on your mother. He was concerned about her.’ A couple of other things struck Porcelet in that instant. ‘Obviously your father has phoned you as well. Do you have a key?’ Porcelet shrugged as he saw continuing uncertainty in Veruschka’s face. ‘It’s just that it’s better than my breaking the door down. Or calling the police to do it.’
‘Yes, I… I do.’ Veruschka took a couple of tentative steps as she fished in her pocket. ‘But we… we’re not meant to go up there.’
Porcelet nodded with a grimace and moved to the top of the stairs a yard from Joël. ‘Perhaps if you just hand it to me here, then go back down to the bottom with your brother.’
‘Yes… okay.’ After the first few steps, Veruschka moved with more urgency up the stairs, but her body language was still taut, constrained, screamed uncertainty and worry.    
Porcelet went down a couple of steps almost level with Joël and reached out a hand, so that she wouldn’t have to come all of the way up. And as she passed across the key, he felt all of that worry and uncertainty in the gentle trembling of her fingers and saw it in the taut lines of her face. A faint flicker in her eyes as she glanced to one side, and the worry quickly transformed to fear. She’d seen the water running out from beneath the door. Porcelet also had noticed the spider strands of red diffusing through the water, and realized now why André Lemoine had caught his breath when he’d first mentioned that the water had a pink tinge. Just what possibly awaited him beyond the door hit Porcelet fully in that moment, and he found his hand shaking too as he took the key from Veruschka. 
‘If… if you go back down and wait at the bottom. I’ll come down to you after I’ve been inside.’
He waited until they were halfway back down, then wrenched himself away from their fearful, expectant eyes and turned towards the door.

As soon as they turned into Rue l’Eperon, André saw the jam twenty yards ahead. Their taxi slowed and beeped his horn. 
It didn’t shift, and as the taxi braked and came to a halt, André said, ‘I’m getting out here.’ It would be quicker running the remaining forty yards. He hastily peeled a 100 Franc note from his wallet. ‘You settle up.’ He opened the taxi door in the same motion, and the instant Marielle took the note he was out. 
A quick matador-style feint as a moped suddenly cut up the inside and almost hit him, and then he was running headlong. His mounting pulse during the train and taxi journeys he could feel marking almost time to his step, pumping the blood so furiously through his head that again he started to feel dizzy. Everything slipped sideways for a second as he stumbled – the road and traffic around shifting and blurring, a car horn blaring close by becoming a continuous echo. He quickly righted himself, shaking his head for more clarity as he hurtled on. 
Eighteen more jolting strides and he slammed against Charlotte’s apartment building door, bursting through without hardly faltering pace – but still clarity was elusive, and from that moment on everything hit him in kaleidoscope frames punctuated by his gasping breath and pounding pulse: Veruschka’s startled face halfway up the stairs turned towards him. ‘What’s wrong, papa? What’s happening?’ And him patting her hair as he rushed past. ‘It’s okay. It’s okay. Go back down to the bottom and wait. Or better still – the café across the road.’ And from her look and what she saw reflected in his face, her knowing instantly that everything was far from okay. ‘Just go. Go!’ Joël just beyond her, equally as startled and now frightened and, at the top of the stairs, waving the apartment key as if it were a rare prize, Henri Porcelet. ‘Do you want me to come in with you, or would you rather be alone?’ He’d rather not go in if he could be spared the duty was what he really meant. But André realized he might need help. ‘No, no. I’ll need you with me.’  
Striding feverishly towards the door, the hall light went off just before he reached it. André was suddenly aware how much water there was as his feet sloshed through it. The light burst back on as he opened the door, Porcelet quickly rejoining him and walking in hesitantly behind him. And now André could see clearly the pale red hue of the water, suddenly a river again as his throbbing pulse spun him crazily into it, a raging torrent swilling between the gravestones underneath the bridge. ‘Papa, are we there yet? Is this the Seine?’ Up to his waist as he waded through and hardly making any progress. I can’t save them all… I can’t save them… A bright light ahead that he forged towards, and after a second everything focused again and he could see that it was coming from the bathroom, flickering candlelight, and his feet were moving freely through the water, running now, his breath rasping, Veruschka’s frightened voice from the bottom of the stairs, though it seemed miles away: ‘Papa, Papa! Is everything okay?’ 
Suddenly, startlingly clear – the glare from the night lights around the bath, the blood red of the water, the few petals that remained on top and hadn’t spilled onto the bathroom floor almost matching its colour, the pale outline of Charlotte’s body a few inches below the water’s surface – and as the full horror of the scene gripped André, he wished that it had stayed mercilessly blurred. 
André lunged in and grabbed her under the armpits and lifted the top half of her body clear, realizing he’d have difficulty lifting the whole of her clear as his left hand slipped on her bloodied, slippery skin and she fell back a few inches.
‘Help me! Help me!’
Porcelet gripped her legs and they lifted Charlotte clear, Porcelet following André’s lead as he backed hastily out of the bathroom and laid her down on the nearest rug a couple of yards away in the lounge. Porcelet looked heavily distressed and as much as possible kept his eyes averted from her body.  
André felt for her pulse. Nothing. 
	Porcelet’s eyes lifted to the side as Marielle appeared at the open door.
André informed her that there was no pulse, but that Charlotte’s body was still warm. ‘Though that could be from the heat of the bath water.’ He nodded back towards the bathroom and then threw himself into a rapid, pumping heart massage. ‘Can you do her stomach and diaphragm?’
Porcelet moved out of the way as Marielle, kneeling, started a steady, rhythmic pressing against Charlotte’s stomach. After the fourth press: ‘Anything yet?’
André felt for her neck pulse with his left hand while still pumping with the right. ‘No.’ He was becoming frantic, sweat beads massing on his forehead and his breath still ragged from running and the effort of lifting Charlotte from the bath. How long since her heart had stopped? Anything longer than two minutes – just when their taxi was turning into her street – and they were wasting their time. He pumped harder. ‘Come on. Come on!’
Porcelet went back into the bathroom and turned off the taps. They’d been left running and the blood-red water still swilled around them. 
What had got her? Drowning or loss of blood? Or maybe pills – André had noticed some scattered on the floor by the bath as they’d lifted her. The bloodied water slid and squelched beneath his hands as he pumped.
Charlotte’s skin was drawn and wrinkled from the bath water and ghostly white from blood loss, her mouth jarred in a rictus and her eyes rolled back high in their sockets, and André had a sudden pang for the lost years and what could bring her to this. Closing his eyes for a moment on the horror and recalling the hot, torrid touch of her skin on their first nights of passion rather than the cold, clammy feel of it now. Her sly smile and the tease in her eyes as she’d lifted her wedding veil and he’d kissed her. ‘For God’s sake, Charlotte. Come on!’ Remembering it as the many times he’d called out when she was late getting ready rather than his scream now as he frantically pumped. 
‘No, Charlotte, please! Not like this.’ And as he opened his eyes again, tears were streaming down his face. 
Marielle looked like she wanted to reach out and wipe them away, and her eyes too were moist as she soulfully held his gaze and cocked her head to one side as if to say she was sorry. So sorry. But then a sudden steeliness came into her eyes. 
‘We can’t give up yet!’ She scrambled around and gave a few sharp puffs of mouth to mouth, then slammed the flat of her hand hard in the centre of Charlotte’s chest. ‘We can’t!’
André tried to massage more vigorously, but his arms felt suddenly tired and weak and his tears made everything blurred – the merciful haze he’d wished for earlier – and somehow more distant, the blood-red water swilling around them seeming to pull at him and draw him away. And as André felt that there was still no pulse, he felt the last hopes slip away, the water rising and pulling at him harder, becoming an irrepressible torrent as it ebbed towards the distant tombstones.

The third bomb went off at 3.14 a.m. at Caldyne Biotech, a spreading green-fields research establishment six miles south of Lancaster, Ohio. Eight hours were lost with notes and files passed between the Columbus PD, the local field office and FBI central in Virginia, and finally a message was passed to Todd Wenner in Atlanta late that same morning. 
	He immediately dived into a flurry of phone calls before and during lunch to get more background and set up interviews, and finished off the last few bites of a take-out deli sandwich as he put on his coat and headed out to catch a 2.40 p.m. flight to Columbus. 
	After a brief consultation with a local PD Sergeant, Wenner’s main interview was with a Dr Tom Jennings who’d stayed on late to meet him. 
	‘Do you have many experiments with animals?’ Wenner enquired. ‘Not just mice, but larger animals such as monkeys?’ 
	‘Less now than a few years ago. The controls are more stringent these days, even with the ‘house’ monkeys. With mice we get less problems and quicker response times.’
	‘Right.’ Wenner had his notepad out, pen poised, but he didn’t bother to write anything. After the first incident, the lab bombed had received a cryptic newspaper-letter pasted note: NO MORE ANIMAL EXPERIMENTS. STOP THE MONKEY BUSINESS. It pointed to animal rights activists, but would they feel so strongly about experiments involving only mice? Nothing was received after the second bombing, but perhaps that was because there was someone injured. They weren’t so keen to hold their hands up to that one.
Wenner ran through a chain of questions, some of it covering ground he already half knew: no people injured. No animals killed, unless you counted the half dozen mice in that section for various tests. But extensive file and data damage. 
	‘It could take us several months to recover,’ Jennings commented. ‘It’s not particularly going to help us with a our bid for a Gifford Award.’
	Gifford. It didn’t strike a chord until halfway through Wenner’s flight back to Atlanta. He remembered from press clippings that the first establishment bombed had been a contender for the Gifford. He checked the second upon his return, but found nothing. Still, two out of three – it was worth watching. At this early stage he was grateful for anything that could help narrow focus.
	He sat back after the first sip of a freshly poured coffee and wrote on his notepad: Animal activists. Monkeys. Gifford Award.
Five days later, Caldyne Biotech received a cut-out-letter pasted note – ANIMAL AND HUMAN GENES DON’T MIX. GENESIS 6 – and he had two more to add: Religious links. Genetics. They had a mountain of information on religious fanatics from abortion clinic bombings, but genetics was another matter. Fourteen months of medical school didn’t even start to scratch the surface. He might have some reading to do.

The first breath came in a long, agonized gasp on the back of a gout of water spewed out. Three more shallow breaths followed in quick succession with more water coming out before the next heavy vortex sucking in of breath, and then a strangled coughing and gargling.
	‘She’s choking,’ André said. ‘We need to get her on her side.’ André glanced up and Porcelet got the signal and came over and helped them.
	André pressed against her back and lungs while Marielle continued with her stomach, but it was almost another full minute with a chain of gagging coughs and more water spluttered out before it appeared that Charlotte’s lungs were finally clear and her eyes started to flicker and focus on what was happening around her.
	‘We lost you for a minute,’ André said. Then, as her eyes still seemed to have trouble focusing on him and started to dart around again: ‘Can you hear me? Can you breathe okay now?’
	She simply nodded and closed her eyes in acquiescence, as if unsure she’d have the strength to answer. After another moment of looking around and taking her bearings: ‘I… I don’t know what happened.’
	‘Papa! Is everything okay?’ Veruschka’s voice strained up through the open door. Obviously she’d stayed with Joël at the bottom of the stairs and had heard the frantic shouts and coughs and spluttering, and now more voices. ‘What’s happening?’
	‘Everything’s okay now,’ André shouted out. He turned his attention back to Charlotte, lowering his voice.  ‘I think that you tried to take your own life and thankfully we got here just in time. That’s what happened.’ A flat, sober tone.
‘No… no.’ Charlotte shook her head. ‘I didn’t want to go ahead with it in the end.’
A fresh trickle of blood appeared at Charlotte’s wrists and Marielle went to the kitchen and grabbed a couple of tea towels from the kitchen to wrap and tie them. 
‘Then I suppose we’re imagining all of this.’ André held one arm out towards the bloodied water. ‘And the pills on the bathroom floor.’
‘Can we come up yet?’ Veruschka’s voice again.
‘No, no! Not yet!’ André shouted back. They’d come so close to the children finding Charlotte first; the image of young Joël seeing his mother’s body in the blood-filled bath was still with him, made him shudder. Them seeing her like this was only one stage better. He took a 50 franc note from his wallet and handed it to Porcelet. ‘Could you take my children across the road for coffee and coke or something while we clean up here. Tell them we’ll be about fifteen-twenty minutes. But, please, nothing about what’s happened here or what we’re doing.’
	‘No, of course not.’ Porcelet nodded and headed out, looking relieved to be set free from the scene of carnage. He’d studiously kept his eyes from settling on Charlotte’s bloodied body throughout.
	Pills. Suddenly it all started coming back to Charlotte. She’d just grabbed the pills and was straightening up when the bathroom suddenly slipped sideways and everything went black. ‘I... I didn’t take any of the pills. I’d decided not to. I must have…’ She looked around as she pieced it all together in her mind. ‘…Must have slipped and hit my head on the bath.’
	‘Decided not to?’ André shook his head in wonderment. ‘So is that what all of this was about. Just a call for attention?’
	‘No! I wanted to kill myself at first, believe me.’ She reached out and gripped his wrist with a slippery, bloody hand. ‘But then I had a change of heart.’
	For years by far the strongest emotion he’d had for her had been pity, but now he felt nothing but contempt. She was fickle about so much, but now she couldn’t even be sure whether or not she wanted to kill herself. ‘You know how ill Eban is.’
	‘I know. It was when I heard that –’
	‘And Marielle and I were trying to track down someone that could help save him when we had to break off to come and see to you.’
	‘No, no… please. Don’t lay that on me.’ Her hand gripped tighter on his arm but her eyes drifted, as if she was again having trouble making sense of anything. ‘Anyway, how did you know to –’
	André cut her short again. ‘And Veruschka and Joël coming home from school. Do you know how close we came with stopping them getting here? Joël could have been the first to find you.’ He stared the message home into her darting, uncertain eyes, and the reminder made all the tension and mounting adrenalin from the rush to get to her spill over into white hot anger. ‘Do you know that? Did you even bother to think about that?’ He found himself gripping her shoulders and shaking her. Charlotte started shaking her head and mumbling No, no, and he was aware of Marielle’s eyes on him imploringly, telling him that it was enough. With Charlotte still in pieces, just dragged back from the edge of death, probably wasn’t the best time to berate her. But he’d suppressed it for so long that now he found it impossible to hold back. ‘Or is it always about you. You! You always have to be the centre of attention and drama.’
	‘No, no, no… No!’ Charlotte’s mumbled mantra steadily rose until it became a scream, her head shaking stronger with each denial. There was silence for a moment, the echoes of her shouts bouncing off the walls and settling. Then, her voice shaky and more subdued: ‘It was in fact thinking about the children that made me change me mind. Not just them finding me first, but the effect my death would have on them. How they’d cope with me gone.’
	André took a fresh breath, as if to clear the air. ‘Well, one salvation at least – you finally snapped to before it was too late.’ She nodded and smiled thinly for the first time since they’d entered the room, but she had trouble meeting his gaze. And somehow it seemed too easy letting her off the hook just because at the last instant she’d seen the light and done the right thing. ‘But what you put us through now was unforgivable, Charlotte. And you’ve got to face it at some time. You make too many demands on everyone, me especially. I can’t wet-nurse you when I’m busy saving lives. Busy with people with real problems, real ailments. I can’t save everyone.’ 
	He saw her flinch as the words hit, and suddenly saying out loud that he couldn’t be everyone’s saviour, rather than it just plaguing his thoughts, sent a faint shudder through him as well. In the end he hadn’t just pressed home the nightmare she’d put them through, but voiced a deep-seated emotion, something that had been building up and should have been said long ago. And he wondered what that said about him, that only now when she was naked, confused and barely clinging to life, was he bold enough to speak his mind. He felt suddenly ashamed that he hadn’t been stronger and said something earlier, hiding as he always did from confrontation in his work; the silent, non-arguing movement of cell structures at the end of his microscope. If he had, perhaps things would never have come to this. He was as much to blame.
 

16
 
There was no time to lose, so André headed back to the Goutte d’Or that same night to continue searching. This time Marc accompanied him; he was on late shift that night rather than Marielle and while a girl might get more doors opened, after their earlier experience a man was far better for back-up if things turned sour. 
	Charlotte was being admitted to a clinic for four days, after which she’d undergo a fresh bout of therapy, the first for two years, so at least that was one less thing for him to worry about immediately. But within twenty minutes of him arriving at the lab the next morning, Hervé was on the phone reminding him that already two days had gone of Eric’s trial. Which day did he plan to put in an appearance?
	‘I’m sorry.’ He cradled his forehead. ‘But what with everything with Eban and then Charlotte yesterday, it completely slipped my mind.’
	‘I know. I understand,’ Hervé said. A voice heavy with compassion, but somehow too quick, trite; André could imagine the same delivered at countless confessionals. ‘That’s why I didn’t say anything last night when you told me.’ Hervé’s tone suddenly became sharper, more pressing. ‘But you know how much this means to Eric. How important it is to him. And the trial might not last more than another four or five days. So now that Charlotte’s going to be in a clinic for a while – when?’
	Everyone pushing and pulling at him, making demands. André rubbed at his temples, trying to force some clarity into the mush of his mind. The night before had become a blur of Non, pardons, head-shaking and hastily closed doors – those that had opened in the first place. Dhoumil’s picture didn’t seem to strike a chord with anyone, and he hadn’t slept well the night before as he’d mentally replayed for any small signals they might have missed. 
‘Late tomorrow morning or early afternoon,’ he said finally. By that night they’d have exhausted all the door calls worth doing, Eban for the moment was holding stable, and he’d probably need no more than the morning in the lab to catch up and make sure the fort held until he got back. 
	‘Okay. Thanks.’ Hervé eased a relieved breath. ‘Eric needs our support more than ever right now.’
	But then the next morning after another fruitless night of door canvassing in the Goutte d’Or with Marc, as he was clearing his desk of papers and about to order a taxi to the courtroom, Bernice phoned.
	‘It’s Eban. He’s bad, taken a turn for the worse. I’m real worried about ‘im’.
	It was a voice he hadn’t heard before from Bernice. Dark and heavy, no chuckle or even a hint of humour. He didn’t need to ask how bad.
	‘I’ll be there in under an hour.’  	

Kalpenski? Dani didn’t have the first clue of an idea how to get rid of him. Shafting Hebbard had been one thing; they’d worked and inter-acted together daily, there were a lot of lines where their paths crossed for her to be able to trip him up. But Kalpenski was a totally different ball game. 
	Sure, their paths crossed once or twice a week, but it was always at arm’s length. He was on the floor above with the boardroom Gods like Chisholm, and she was a mere minion below along with all the other research assistants and lab workers. Her chances of getting to him – let alone something deeply wounding where her word would be accepted over his by the boardroom – were nil. Yet if she did nothing, it would all end here and now. Her career stuck on hold indefinitely. Already it had been three weeks since the last e-mail, and as things stood now it didn’t like she was going to be answering any time soon. The only coup had been discovering that it was Chisholm, then finding out some of his background. 
Chisholm obviously had big plans for her, but it looked like they were all going to turn to dust. She just couldn’t see them progressing any further. It had been fun while it lasted; she’d found the knife-edge tension of the e-mails and then finally winning the day with Hebbard quite exhilarating. She hadn’t felt so alive for a long while, not since…
Then one morning she noticed the way that Kalpenski looked at her and began to amend her thoughts. It was only a two-second glimpse at her legs on one of the rare days that she wore sheer black stockings to work, but enough to at least give her the first seeds of an idea. 

When André got to Eban his temperature was 102.8 and he had trouble breathing, his chest rattling with fluid with each slow, tortured breath. 
‘I put an ice pack on him and gave him some ibuprofen two hours ago,’ Bernice said. ‘But his temperature came back up within the hour.’ Her face was taut with worry and the dark orbs of her eyes settled back quickly on Eban. 
‘And when did you last give him his Invirase?’
‘About half an hour after the ibuprofen.’
Another two, two and a half-hours before he could be given more of each, André calculated. But in between, with Eban’s temperature so alarmingly high, could be a long and potentially dangerous haul. Eban’s face was shiny with sweat, his mouth dry, some sores evident at the corner of his lips and on his chin. André swallowed hard as he lifted his head towards the window. Drifting through from the courtyard outside came the diesel engine rattle of the taxi he’d asked to wait for him.
‘I think I’d better get him back to the lab,’ he said. Maybe meanwhile he could give some acitaminophen; that wouldn’t react with the ibuprofen. And some relenza for his breathing.
Eban had been half-dozing, his eyes half-open and bleary throughout André talking to Bernice. Only as they started moving him did his eyes fully open and then settle on André. They took a few seconds to fully focus. 
‘Papa André. You’re here.’ Papa André. Papa Nwaro. Papa Mpundu. The way that Eban termed all of his fathers/guardians; as if, if he didn’t attach the names, he’d get confused between them. Three fathers in his short life to date; it was enough to confuse anyone. Or perhaps he didn’t just use Papa because it somehow faded and diminished the memory of his real father. ‘Where are we going?’
‘To the lab. We can get you better there.’
Eban’s eyes stayed open, gently flickering, as they got his things, wrapped him in a blanket and headed out towards the taxi, as if he was still orientating himself and making sense of what André had said. But as soon as they got him in the back, his eyes closed again and he drifted off. Bernice insisted that she stay with Eban for a while to help out, and got in alongside him. André got in the front by the driver.
Eban opened his eyes only once, about six minutes into their drive, as if he’d suddenly remembered something. ‘Will Anouk be there?’
And André realized immediately just how delirious he was, his mind clouded. He’d forgotten that Anouk had died a few weeks ago, and André didn’t have the heart to remind him now. 
‘Maybe. Maybe she’s in the animal house. As soon as you’re better we’ll try and find her.’
It was a foolish lie, one that Eban would find out as soon as he recovered – but for the moment he seemed to accept it, a look of contentment, almost serenity settling on his face as his eyes closed again. 
And as André remained looking at him for a moment – the weak winter light playing across Eban’s face as their taxi sped along, Bernice touching some water she’d brought in a cup gently to his dry lips – his heart broke. Everything had shifted and turned against them so quickly. Just before Christmas they’d been talking about months, then weeks; and now if they couldn’t get Eban over the mountain of his current illness, hours or days. Yet still they had to track down Dhoumil to have any chance of saving him and all hope there was fast fading. And it suddenly hit André that perhaps that was why he’d lied, because a small part of him sensed that this time Eban wouldn’t make it.

The argument with David Copell started almost immediately they came out of the Laferge section and Eban was out of earshot. 
	‘You know that we can’t keep him here long,’ David said.
	‘I know that.’ André was still sweating and agitated from the panicked flurry of activity with Eban as he peeled off his surgical gloves. Forty-eight hours was the normal maximum stay time in the annexe, emergencies only; after that, clearance would have to be gained from Delatois. ‘It’s just to get Eban over this current crisis, then I can get him back home.’
	‘But what if he doesn’t get over this one? What then?’
	‘Of course he’ll get over this. Don’t be –’ But as André turned and met David’s penetrating gaze, he stopped himself. David had seen the truth in the shaking of his hands and the haunted look in his eyes as they’d fought furiously to bring down Eban’s temperature over the past two hours and, like him, he’d seen his T-cell count: 76. Down 21 in only two days. They both knew that Eban might not make it out of this one, might not even last the night, and he went back with David far too long to start lying to him now. But with the nightmare with Charlotte and everything with Eban catching up with him so quickly, he hadn’t yet formed a clear idea of what he was going to do. And still he was meant to head to the Palais de Justice at some stage to see Eric. ‘I… I’m not sure. I haven’t even stopped for a second to think in those terms.’ He closed his eyes fleetingly and rubbed his forehead. ‘It’s just for a day or two to try and get Eban over the brink, then I can get my head clear on what to do next.’
	‘I understand that.’ David nodded with compassion, but his eyes stayed keenly on André. ‘But as soon as you call in a duty nurse for the night, Delatois will be on your back, asking questions.’
 	‘I know. If one of us can hold the fort till midnight, I was hoping to use Bernice for overnight.’ He looked back towards Bernice. She’d hovered outside the Laferge annexe looking anxiously through the glass for much of the time they’d been tending to Eban. Now she was inside at his bedside, holding his hand. ‘She made the offer on the way over.’ 
	David eased out a tired breath. ‘And you’re still looking for this Dhoumil?’
	‘Yes, of course.’ André knitted his brow. ‘She’s the only hope left of possibly being able to save Eban in time.’
Another tired sigh. ‘But you appreciate that even if you find Dhoumil quickly and we’re able to put together the final pieces of the data for treatment, to process that and get a green light back on a clinical trial will take at least three weeks – even if we fast-track it. And first it’s got to be passed by Delatois for his approval.’
André met David’s sober stare squarely for the first time since they’d exited the annexe. So, finally David had got around to what was really troubling him: David feared that if he tracked down Dhoumil and Eban only had days left to live, he might be tempted to cut corners and risk all. And as he faced that possible choice head-on for the first time – saving Eban or observing ethics and protocol – he thought he knew which he’d choose, and David as he looked at him knew it too. Suddenly uncomfortable, he flickered his eyes down and away.  ‘As I said before, I… I just haven’t thought of things in those terms.’
David gripped his shoulder. ‘Well maybe you’re going to have to. I mean, look at Eban.’
But André didn’t look up, knowing what David would see there: confirmation of his fears. ‘Maybe I just can’t think of that. I’m pushing it away because I just can’t face it – have you ever considered that?’ André angrily shook off the grip and stood up. ‘Maybe thinking in terms of Eban lasting weeks or months or more is all that’s keeping me going.’ 
Marielle and Marc were looking across from the far end of the lab as their voices raised. 
David shook his head, lowering his voice to almost a whisper. ‘I know how difficult it will be for you, André, but if it comes down to that, I’m begging you – don’t do it. Don’t throw everything away.’
André felt himself start trembling, all the tension of the past forty-eight hours suddenly bubbling back up. It was a dilemma that he knew was looming, but hoped that he’d never have to finally face – the choice between raw emotions and ethics, what his heart told him or his head – and David was making him confront it now. The only saving grace was that with Dhoumil still eluding them, he could keep it at arm’s length. 
‘Since we haven’t found Dhoumil yet, it’s immaterial. What’s the point in even discussing it?’ And as he said it, he found a small part of him perversely wishing that she wouldn’t be found so that the dilemma wouldn’t be back squarely in his lap, and he felt a twinge of shame. As with Charlotte and so much else in his life, always looking for the easy way out to avoid confrontation.
	David was shaking his head. ‘André. André. Stop pushing it away.’ He gestured towards Eban. ‘The problem’s right here. Right now.’
	André continued as if he hadn’t heard. ‘Besides, if we can get Eban over this current crisis, we’ll need Dhoumil’s sample more than ever. And we’ll have the time then to process everything and clear it with Delatois.’
	‘I understand that.’ David’s sigh was more out of exasperation this time. ‘But you’ve got to look at the downside as well, rather than just let it rise up and strike you in the face at the last moment, catch you by surprise.’
	Like it did with Charlotte, André thought. He flinched and turned away. ‘I… I don’t have time for this now. I was meant to go to the courtroom to see Eric hours ago.’ He moved towards his desk and started tidying away papers and files. ‘If I don’t leave soon, I’ll miss the afternoon session as well.’ Yet another family commitment tugging at him when already he was spread too thin; or was he just using it now as one more safe-option boulder to hide behind, keep him from facing the inevitable with Eban?
	David gave up on him at that point and headed towards his own desk. But just before he was ready to leave for the courtroom, David’s eyes were back on him keenly as Marielle frantically beckoned him over to a call she’d just taken.
	‘It’s about Dhoumil,’ she said. ‘One of those people I left my card with the other night. They think they know where we can find her.’

There was no other choice but for him to head to the Goutte d’Or alone. Marc had a prior dinner engagement that evening, Bernice had to head home at 4 p.m. in order to be able to return at midnight, and Marielle had to stay with David to help out with Eban. 
	‘You’ll be okay with him until I get back?’
	‘Yes, yes. Go, go!’ Marielle urged.
	‘I’ll phone in later and let you know how things go. And you’ve got my mobile number if anything comes up meanwhile.’
	He made all the last minute arrangements with Marielle, with David offering only mild acquiescent nods in the background. He didn’t want to risk another confrontation with David. But David’s searing eyes hardly left him as he rushed from the lab, and he could still feel their message being pressed home now as the metro train rattled along. Eban’s going to die. Eban’s going to die. And this quest now with Dhoumil was all going to be a waste of time because they simply wouldn’t be able to process the data and get it rubber-stamped in time. Protocol. Eban just one more to add to the mountain of African children who died each year because protocol couldn’t be observed. The drugs were too expensive. Or the aid money or the paperwork or the convoy didn’t arrive on time. Or it did, but it had been pilfered and sold of by an unscrupulous dictator to pay for another limousine or his next shopping jaunt to London or Paris with his four wives. 
	Protocol. André shook his head. David knew him so well; knew that breaking down established barriers and protocol as he forged new ground had become almost a trademark of his career. And faced with that dilemma – his career and observing protocol on one side, breaking it and saving Eban the other – David knew the decision he’d make, and a part of him felt strangely empty inside at the realization, as the train rattled and lurched along, that he could be on a collision course with dooming his career. The end of the line. He could save Eban, but not any others. After a moment he gently shook his head again and closed his eyes. Standing by and coldly watching Eban die just to save his own neck, that was as much against the grain as his trademark railing against protocol. But again for a fleeting second the unworthy thought passed through his mind that if finally Dhoumil couldn’t be found, he wouldn’t even be faced with that dilemma.  
	As he opened his eyes again, he noticed a couple of people on the seat opposite looking at him curiously before quickly averting their gaze, and he suddenly realized that his whole body was gently shaking, his hands gripped tight on his thighs as the conflicts tore away inside him, the film of sweat on his face and neck from the panic rush to catch the train suddenly feeling cold against his skin. And he felt tired, oh so tired. The mounting urgency of Eban’s condition and their frantic searches through the Goutte d’Or of the past two days, then the nightmare with Charlotte, now his confrontation with David – all of it seemed to have drained him so that now he felt he had hardly anything left to give.  
	It was approaching rush hour and the train progressively filled at each station. He gave up his seat to a woman carrying an infant at Chateau d’Eau and stood the rest of the way to Barbès Rochechouart. The trembling in his body felt more pronounced and his legs felt weak within a short while of him standing, and he clung heavily to the central pole, muttering a silent prayer under his breath. Oh God, please help me. Please help me. Unsure for a moment whether he was pleading for Eban or his own inner strength to be able to carry on. But at least with the crowds nobody was any longer staring at him. He was just one more face lost among the throng of city commuters. Rushing to save a young boy that everyone had long since given up caring about, just one more African Aids casualty lost in a sea of statistics and protocol.

‘You’ll save him?’
‘Yes… I’ll save him.’
‘For sure? Sure, sure?’
André could almost still feel Mpundu’s grip on his arm and the deep, soulful plea of those eyes locked on him as he’d offered his final assurance. ‘Yes. Sure, sure.’
And the memory of his promise to Mpundu was the main thing now to give some drive and impetus to his sagging spirits, put some spring back in his step as for the third time in only two days he headed back into the shadowy warrens of the Goutte d’Or. Except that this time he was alone, and it was dark. 
He’d hoped to get there with some daylight to spare, but he’d misjudged how quickly the winter light faded. As he’d come out of the station, the last dusk light was dying, and now only a couple of streets away it was almost pitch black. 
The only significant light on the street was from a corner grocery and spice store where the owner had strung a line of bare bulbs beneath a canvass canopy to spotlight his outside display of cassavas, melons and mangoes. The pungent spice aromas had hit André as he’d passed, but now were distant, as was the light. In the rest of the street ahead the only light came from widely spaced street lamps and the occasional muted grey light straining through curtains on some of the houses. But so many houses were unoccupied or derelict, or squats with no electricity, that those lights were few.
	The gaps in between were dark, foreboding. André started to feel more unsettled as he walked deeper into the street. Still, he reassured himself, unlike the other two visits he wouldn’t be staying long. Straight to the house in question, then on to see Dhoumil. From what Marielle had passed on, apparently Dhoumil was staying at a house quite close to the caller. If Dhoumil was there when he called, he could be heading back out again with her within fifteen minutes.
	As her turned into the street he was looking for, Rue Richomme, he checked the number he’d written on a scrap of paper: 68. About thirty houses up on the opposite side of the road. Rue Richomme was darker still than the street he’d just come from. There was a small bar further up, but its front window was small with only a weak orange light; little shone through onto the street.
	André’s skin suddenly bristled as he heard a shuffling just behind him. He felt sure that someone had looked out from a doorway he’d just passed, but as he looked back they’d gone again, ducked back into the shadows. Or was he just imagining it? Perhaps it was the wind rustling through some leaves or rubbish or a cat scurrying past.
	He walked on, his heartbeat now suddenly heavier; he could hardly even hear the fall of his own footsteps. Only twenty yards more now to the woman’s door.  
	André imagined Mpundu’s grip on his arm giving him strength, urging him on. His spirits were buoyed when the woman said that the house she thought she’d seen Dhoumil at was just across the road. She pointed. ‘There! Only five doors down.’ But then they sagged again when she added that she hadn’t seen Dhoumil yet that day, or for that matter the night before. ‘The last time I saw her was late yesterday morning.’
	They both stood for a moment looking towards the house across the road, which looked like a squat. No lights showed downstairs, and only faint candle or torch-light filtered through from a first floor window.
	‘I was hoping to catch up with her tonight,’ André said. ‘It’s quite urgent, you see.’
	‘You’re welcome to wait here. But with the children already home and my husband expected soon, it’s a bit hectic.’ The woman was in her early forties and dark complexioned, but probably Mediterranean rather than North African, André thought. She was well-dressed with quite a lot of make-up and jewellery, though André could imagine that if she wasn’t expecting visitors she’d still be in a housecoat or track-suit. ‘There’s a bar not far down the road,’ she offered more hopefully. ‘You can still see the house from there. And maybe you’ll want to check the house first, just in case I missed her coming in.’ She shrugged. ‘Or someone there might know what time she’s expected.’
	André thanked her and headed across the road, but her first assumption was right. The painfully thin black African man that finally came down in answer to his knock said that he hadn’t seen Dhoumil since the day before. 
	‘Maybe she come later, maybe not. Maybe not until tomorrow or the day after.’
	André used the same ploy as before, stressing that it was urgent they contact Dhoumil because she was ill. ‘Perhaps she isn’t even aware just how ill. And what she has is highly contagious.’ 
	One of the man’s eyebrows arched fleetingly in surprise, but his headshake was firm and convincing. ‘Sorry.’ She wasn’t there.
	André headed down the road until the man went back inside the house, then he cut across to the bar. He ordered a coffee with Calvados chaser – he needed something to ease his jaded nerves – and took up a seat by the window. The Calvados helped at first, felt warm and soothing as it cut a passage to his stomach, but after fifteen minutes of waiting and no sign of Dhoumil his nervousness was back, his hand visibly shaking as it brought the coffee to his lips.
	He felt restless, uneasy. He checked his watch: an hour and twenty minutes since he’d left the lab. He should check back how things were going with Eban. David answered.
	‘His temperature is up point-four to 101.7, but otherwise he’s stable. As for his T-count, we took the sample just minutes ago so won’t have the results for ten minutes or so. Marielle’s just processing it now. I’ll phone you straight back as soon as we’ve got it.’ A brief awkward silence followed André’s mumbled ‘D’Accord’. ‘And André, I’m sorry about earlier. I had no right to –’
	‘No, no. You were right.’ André ran one hand through his hair and sighed as he looked out into the gloom of the Goutte d’Or. A group of three people had just turned into the street, but were too distant to see clearly. ‘It probably is too late and I’m wasting my time sitting here. Just going through the motions because I don’t know what else to do.’   
	‘You’re selling yourself short, André, as you so often do. I think you know exactly what you’re doing, and a lot of what I said earlier still stands. I’m still worried which way you’ll jump with this, and with very good reason.’ David let out a long breath. ‘It’s just that I shouldn’t have brought it up when I did. There was an assumption there that Eban wouldn’t make it through this, and that was wrong.’
	The group of three were now close enough to make out, two men and an elderly woman. Still no sign of Dhoumil.
Thanks,’ André said, smiling thinly. Typical David, an apology to get things straight between them plus reaffirming his earlier worries: he got it both ways. So now they were back to dancing around the problem: both of them knew that with Eban’s immunity so low, his chances of making it through this current flu were no better than thirty percent, but neither of them wanted to say it out loud. And when David phoned back ten minutes later and told him that Eban’s T-count had dropped to 71, those odds were probably now only ten or fifteen percent. 5-point fall in just over an hour! 
André felt suddenly desolate inside. He knocked back his Calvados and ordered another, but this time its warmth as it trickled down did little to ease the chill gripping him, or his nerves. He could feel them bubbling away like a volcano, though he felt so cold inside, oh so cold, the chill of the thin film of sweat on his skin suddenly making him shiver. Now the portent was directly in their faces, impossible to dance around any more: at that rate of T-count fall Eban would be lucky to last eighteen hours. He took another hasty sip of Calvados. His hand shook heavily on the glass, and he put both hands around to cradle it as he brought it slowly back down to the table. 
The bar around was becoming noisier. Two teenagers had started to play at a fruit machine close by and a swarthy man in a leather jacket was repeatedly slapping the palm of one hand against the bar to add emphasis to his story shared with the barman. André felt like screaming out loud for them to shut up and let his thoughts run clear, but in the end he just shut his eyes and tried to close his mind to everything outside. In character even when his world was being ripped apart. Avoid confrontation. 
	Maybe that’s why he felt so uneasy. A part of him sensed he wasn’t going to find Dhoumil, at least not in time. David was right, he was wasting his time. Sitting in a bar full of strangers in the Goutte d’Or while halfway across the city Eban lay dying. He should be there with him, at his side. Battling away at the helm alongside David and Marielle. And for that he’d need a clear head, rather than trying to dull his nerves and drown his sorrows. He pushed the Calvados glass away at arm’s length. 
Maybe there was something he’d overlooked. Something in the pattern of the tests they already had. Or maybe he should be thinking obliquely for something new, even if it was enough just to buy Eban a few more weeks so that they could find Dhoumil and run their tests. Maybe…
He suddenly jolted as he registered the two figures approaching on the far side of the road, both black women in their twenties. One of them looked like Dhoumil, was the same shape and build, but with the poor streetlight it was impossible to be sure. But then as they came close to the squat across the road, they slowed and one of them fished in her coat pocket for something. They turned towards the building.
André jumped up, his chair grating back, and darted across the street. He caught up with them just as they had the door to the squat half open.
‘Dhoumil!’ he called out.
But as they turned to look at him, he could see that it wasn’t Dhoumil. The same build and rounded face, but the eyes were slightly narrower and the nose broader.
‘I’m sorry. I thought that you were someone I knew. Dhoumil.’ He pointed to the building. ‘She stays here too.’
Perhaps because of the disappointment on his face, she offered, ‘I know Dhoumil.’
‘It’s urgent that I make contact with her,’ André said, still breathless from the run. ‘Do you know what time she’ll be back?’
‘Well, I think –’
‘Difficult to say,’ her friend cut in sharply. ‘Sometimes she doesn’t show up for two or three days.’ She shot Dhoumil-look-alike a guarded sideways glance.
‘Then do you know where I might find her tonight?’ André pressed. 
Again the first girl looked tempted to say something, but after another glance from her friend decided against it.
‘I’m sorry,’ the friend said. ‘We don’t know anything more.’ She pulled lightly at the first girl’s arm. ‘Come on, Yvette.’
André was sure that they were holding back, but with the second girl now controlling everything, what could he do? He felt as if he was at a sort of crossroads. Just nod and walk away, avoid confrontation as he’d done throughout his life, and Eban died for sure. Or fight back, push? And suddenly he felt all the tension and turmoil of the past days boil back up to the surface: Charlotte’s blood-filled bath in the glow of the night-lights, the rush back and forth to the Goutte d’Or, his promise to Mpundu. ‘I’ll save him. For sure, sure.’ And all the while Eban’s T-count was steadily ticking down like a time bomb. The Calvados provided him with that final burst of fire and courage. He gripped at Dhoumil-look-a-like’s other arm. 
	‘Please! You’ve got to help me. It’s my adopted son, you see. He’s from Africa like you, and he’s dying. And Dhoumil holds the key to the antidote than can save him.’ André fished his ISG identity card from his pocket, in case they disbelieved him. ‘If I don’t find her tonight, it will be too late. He’ll die. Please!’ André pressed home the emphasis with his grip to the girl’s arm for a second. 
	Her eyes melted slightly, but again it was her friend who spoke. 
	‘I’m sorry to hear about your boy – but we’ve told you all we know.’ She tugged more insistently at Yvette’s arm. ‘Come on.’
	Yvette gave a last fleeting look back, a mixture of doubt and apology, as her friend hustled her into the house and shut the door quickly behind them.
	André felt totally drained as he walked away. Perhaps it was because he was so unused to confrontation or laying bare his emotions – he left shouting those from the rooftops to the likes of Charlotte. Or perhaps it was just winding down from the nightmare dramas and rush of the past week. But he’d never felt so empty inside, desolate. Eban was going to die and there was nothing left that he could do, nothing left for him to give. It was all over.
	André’s nerves leapt with the rapid patter of footsteps from behind. For a second he thought that someone was running up behind to mug him, but it was Yvette.
	‘I know where you can find her tonight. On Rue St Denis.’ She looked back anxiously towards the squat. ‘But you didn’t hear it from me, okay?’
	‘Okay.’ André reached out and gently clasped her hand. ‘And thanks.’
	She smiled tightly. ‘Oh, and she’s not known as Dhoumil there. All the other girls know her as Chloe.’


17

Dani wore the stockings for four days before Kalpenski really sat up and noticed them. Not consecutive days – that would have been too obvious, might have drawn attention from others – so in the end it was almost two weeks from her first hatching her plan to the point where she was confident it would work. She’d got him hooked. 
	They were from a Sansom Street lingerie shop and were shinier and sleeker than the pair she’d worn the day that Kalpenski first noticed her legs and, if you looked real close – close enough that your breath could be felt on her legs – they had a small heart pattern running through them. But it was probably her position when Kalpenski approached that day – stretched over the lab bench to make notes – that gave the final helping hand. Her lab coat rose up a few inches as she leant across, accentuating the length of her legs in the stockings. 
This time Kalpenski’s gaze was longer and more lingering than the first occasion, and she saw him swallow as she looked up. He looked hastily away, his face reddening slightly, as he started talking to John Page a few yards away.
 	From then on she started teasing him, playing him, bit by bit hauling him in. On the days she wore the stockings, she noticed that he generally stayed longer in their department and would visit another two or three times through the day; when she didn’t, they’d usually see him only once.
	And bit by bit she became bolder, would find excuses to get him in close to her, asking him over to consult on this problem or that, and would make sure she’d been to the bathroom to spray just before, so that her perfume filled his head. Then the touching: a light touch to his arm or hand, a gentle clasp of thanks to one shoulder. And when one day she touched his hand and felt the raw tension there and caught the nervous gleam in his eye, she knew that he was ready. In under a month she’d got him fired up like a volcano, ready to burst. Poor Kalpenski; she could tell that he wasn’t used to this, which should make it all the easier.
	She smiled to herself as she sent her e-mail to Cyberling Rivalry. Ready to make my play any day now. Watch this space. She’d wallowed in the adrenalin rush and risk of the battle of wits with Hebbard, but a part of her also couldn’t help relishing taking advantage of those that were easy prey. Perhaps that lay partly behind what she’d done to her mother, why so often she’d quietly sniggered, found it hard to keep from laughing out loud, after seeing her lawyer and finding out the next dark and devious stage of the game plan in store for dear mater.  Or perhaps it was because she’d had to fight and claw for everything else in life, that when it was laid so easily on a plate she just couldn’t resist it.
	But she reminded herself to go easy with Kalpenski, not get over-confident. The risks were still high and there was a lot at stake, not least her career. And because Kalpenski was unused to getting approached from women twenty years younger, that could at the flip of a coin also work against her: he might suddenly get warning signals and back off. 
 
‘You want sucky-sucky? Only two-hundred francs.’
	‘Like what you see, Monsieur? Come closer, I won’t bite.’
	‘Chloe, Chloe? What you want with her? Come with me, I’ll show you real good time.’
	André’s head started to spin with it all as, for the third time that night, he made his went along Rue St Denis looking for Dhoumil/Chloe. When he’d first arrived there’d only been a couple of girls on the street and he was informed that most of the action didn’t take place until later. And no, the girl he’d questioned hadn’t seen Chloe yet, but there was a McDonalds and some cafés at the end of the street where some of the girls met up before work that he might want to check. 
	André breezed quickly in and out of the McDonalds and three nearby cafés – two groups that looked like hookers, but no Dhoumil – before deciding it was futile. She could be at any of countless nearby cafés or for that matter halfway across the city having dinner or drinks. He decided to sit it out at the last café, which had a partial view of Rue St Denis. After over an hour and still no sign of Dhoumil, it looked like it was going to be a long night. André phoned the lab to check on Eban’s progress and agreed to call them again every hour. On that first call, Eban’s T count was down to 67; on the second, 64; the third, 59, and his temperature was up again, 102.3. André had started off at the bar with Perrier to help clear his head, but by the last call felt that he needed another Calvados.  
With his heavy intake of breath at the news, Marielle commented, ‘Maybe David’s right. Even if you do find Dhoumil, it might be too late for anything to be done. Eban could be too weak to respond.’ 
André wondered what David had said to her, but at least it was a shift in emphasis: no mention of protocol or paperwork, just that Eban might be too weak to respond to treatment, which had been his prime worry all along. But knowing Marielle, compassionate to a fault, she was probably saying it just so that he wouldn’t feel too bad if in the end he didn’t find Dhoumil. 
	67, 64, 59. André felt the descending T-count like a repetitive hammer blow driving him on, firing his pulse and his stride as he headed back down St Denis. Approaching midnight, and in the last half hour the street had suddenly come alive with new girls and fresh activity.
	André wished now that he hadn’t had the second Calvados. His nerves had steadily mounted again with the long wait, but instead of calming it had raised them another notch. He could feel his pulse beating double-time as he made his way down the street, and he felt slightly dizzy, disorientated. The manic events of the past few days with Eban and Charlotte had totally drained him. He’d slept fitfully the night before, images of Charlotte’s bloodied, candle-lit body swimming in his head; then without warning her eyes had snapped open and she’d reached out towards him. But as quickly it transformed to Eban reaching towards him and pleading ‘Please help me. Please don’t let me die,’ and he’d woken up with a jolt.
	By the time he passed the seventh or eight girl – he’d lost count – inviting him for sucky, fucky and putting a finger to her brightly painted lips, he was ready to reach out and throttle her. No, no. I don’t. I’m here to try and save the life of a young boy. I’m not just another trick. But instead he just kept repeating, like a mantra, ‘I’m looking for Chloe. Do you know where I might find her? Is she here yet?’ 
	Most of them were black from Africa or the Caribbean, their make-up heavy and garish, many of them overweight with thighs that an American quarterback would have been proud of threatening to burst out of tight minis or hot-pants. André reminded himself that, like Eban, they too were victims; no doubt lacking work-permits, their only choice was the raw fringes of city life. And probably Dhoumil wasn’t the only one with HIV; with many of them fresh over from Africa the rate in the street could be as high as thirty percent.
But almost everything about them began to grate on his nerves: their heavy perfume, their garish beaming faces as they called out to him and pouted or licked their lips, their grip on his arm or occasionally crotch, their fast-rising disinterest when they discovered that he was looking for Chloë and wasn’t a trick, or at least not one that was going to put money in their pocket. And he felt like screaming at them that they didn’t understand how important it was. Even if it were just the life of one young boy it was a hundred times more vital than what any of them were doing right then. ‘But there’s the lives of legions of others at stake. And if I can’t save him, I can’t save any of you!’ 
	And as he looked back along the street he got a quick flash image of the lines of tombstones stretching into the distance. The dull, disinterested eyes of the girls simply stared back; the same look as the African dictators who lined their own pockets or bought arms with the money sent for AIDS victims, or the pharmaceutical giants whose quarterly profits were more important than bringing their drugs within reach of the millions who desperately needed them. And it struck André then that these girls had long ago given up caring – selling themselves like this for 200 francs a time couldn’t be worse than any hell they might imagine they’d go to. And in that moment he felt terribly alone, as if he was the only one left who cared. 
	‘Where is she?’ André grabbed back urgently at the arm of the girl who only a second ago he’d pulled away from. She’d been one too many touching and grabbing at him, and as she came in close and breathed warmly in his ear – ‘What you want with this Chloë? Come with me, I’ll show you what a real woman’s like’ – her perfume and underlying musk swamped him and he felt physically sick. He wrenched himself away, so violently that for a second he lost his balance and took a couple of steps back into the road. An approaching car blared its horn as it swerved around him. 
	‘Crazy man. Crazy!’ the girl shouted. Then her eyes narrowed. ‘Anyway, Chloe not available – she’s busy with someone else right now. You’ll have to wait for her to wipe her pussy dry from ‘im.’
	A couple of the girls nearby chuckled, but their smiles quickly faded as he leapt back and grabbed the girl’s arm. ‘What – she’s here now? Where is she?’
She looked suddenly worried. ‘I don’t know. I…’
‘Where?’ He gripped her arm tighter. He was still slightly dizzy and off-balance, the street seeming to sway lazily around him, the strangled smile of one of the hookers close by oddly lopsided – and the grip was as much to hold him steady. ‘Where?’ This time it was a scream that made the hookers halfway along the street look towards them, and as she noticed his eyes fall on a girl leading her client into an alley forty yards down the street, it seemed futile staying quiet.
	‘Over there,’ she said, yanking her arm brusquely from his grip and pointing. ‘It’s where most of us take our tricks – about six doors along, on the right. You’ll know it from the man sitting in front.’ And as he sprinted away, she repeated ‘Crazy man’ and flicked her skirt with the back of one hand, as if ridding herself of his touch.  
	As André turned into the alley, the girl and her client were just entering the building. It looked derelict, its door long ago ripped off, and the man slouched in a chair by its gaping entrance sat up sharply as he approached, holding up one hand.
‘To see Chloe. I arranged to meet her here,’ André said breathlessly. 
	A wiry mulatto with a shaven head, he appraised André for a few seconds before finally nodding and waving him past.
	André took the stairs two at a time and caught up with the girl and her client halfway towards the second floor. As he went past them, suddenly it struck him that he didn’t know where to go. He turned and called back to the girl. 
‘Chloe? Where will I find her?’
 	‘Fifth floor, two of the doors on the left.’ Seeing that he was slightly nonplussed, she added, ‘You’ll know which rooms when you get up there, honey, from all the noise.’
	André only then noticed how quiet the building was. Like a graveyard. He could hear his own footsteps and ragged breathing bouncing back at him from the stone steps and walls as he continued up. And it was becoming progressively darker, the only light from a stark bare bulb by the entrance shining up through the stairwell, and then the outside orange streetlight filtering through the windows – some broken, some with the frames completely ripped out – on each floor. The image of hell on earth for these girls was complete. André ascended deeper into it, deeper into the darkness. 
	Oh Jesus. Something rustled by his feet, a rat or perhaps some rubbish disturbed by his step – but as he shifted to one side and reached out to grip the railings he suddenly realized they weren’t there. He was off balance, windmilling for a second, and it struck him for the first time how high up he was. He leant back from the sickening void of the stairwell and the stark light far below. He kept in close to the wall as he edged up more cautiously. 
But then as he looked ahead, his heart froze. There were no railings for the rest of the section or the first few feet of the fifth-floor landing, and four steps just before the landing had crumbled away at their edges. There was little more than a foot-wide strip of solid step remaining.
André stared at it in horror. But now from this angle he could also see faint cracks of light coming from two doors, and could hear the hubbub of voices beyond. And suddenly in his mind the gap became another crossroads: cross it and he reached Dhoumil and had a chance of saving Eban, turn back and… but maybe it was that final step into hell that he’d never make it back from. 
	He took a deep breath and closed his eyes for a second, trying to bring his hammering nerves under control. As he opened them again, he started edging gingerly forward, keeping his back pinned to the wall behind. In the end there was hardly any decision to make. He’d spent so much of his life devoted to others that his own welfare automatically took second place, so why worry about the fall, he told himself. Eban came first. Blank it from your thoughts. 
But what he told his mind and what his body did were at odds. He was shaking uncontrollably, the sweat cold on his skin while the nerves up his spine tingled and burnt, a pressure-cooker heat building in his head that made him feel dizzy again. He put his hands flat against the wall behind to steady himself; if he swayed or lost his balance at this juncture, he’d fall. With his next step, he watched some loose dust and plaster fall free from the steps and sail into the void. He closed his eyes before it hit bottom. He kept them closed as he edged up the next step, fearing that he might freeze, rooted to the spot as the terrifying void below swamped his senses. 
	He felt the step firm under his feet and levered his weight up – then as he opened his eyes again he noticed that there was only one step left, and he half-scrambled, half-leapt the remainder. His breath came out in a burst of relief as his feet hit the safety of the fifth floor landing. 
	He straightened up, wondering which door to knock on when the furthest door swung open and a group of three – two girls and a man – walked out. He asked them where he’d find Chloe. 
	‘In der,’ the first girl said in a heavy African accent, pointing behind her. ‘But she still in a back room right now – you might haf to wait a bit.’
	André thanked her and went into the room. Two girls sat on a sofa with half the stuffing ripped out, passing some money between them which the recipient then tucked hastily into a plastic shopping bag along with some clothes. A third girl sat in an upright wooden chair opposite them, waving her arms emphatically and talking in an African dialect André didn’t understand. They paid him scant attention, looking up only briefly as he walked in. But still he offered, ‘To see Chloe,’ in case they wondered. His eyes must have looked wild still from jumping the gap in the stairs and he felt awkward and tense just standing there as the seconds ticked by.
	There were two doors at the back of the room. André could hear muffled voices beyond, but couldn’t tell which room they were coming from. André tried to ease his nerves by taking slow, shallow breaths, and after almost two minutes of waiting, shifting his weight from one foot to the other and smiling tightly whenever the girls glanced his way, his pounding pulse finally started to abate. Then seconds later quickly rose again when another girl came in from the hallway who paid him more attention. Her eyes lingered on him increasingly as she talked to the girl in the wooden chair. She used the same African dialect, and her voice was becoming louder and her arm gesticulations more excitable – when at that instant Dhoumil came out of a back room with her client.
	André’s mouth was suddenly dry. The many opening words and scenarios he’d spun through his mind over the past days, but now he just felt tongue-tied. So much, too much, rested on what Dhoumil’s reaction would be.
	It took a second for her to fully focus on him in the poor light. She squinted in disbelief. ‘Doctor André? What are you doin’ here?’ She shooed her client away with one hand. ‘You go now, I stay here for a while. You know your way down.’
	Doctor André. Papa André. Please help me. He swallowed hard as he started to explain. But in the end he blurted it all out too quickly and slightly out of sequence, jumbled, as if afraid of missing something that would make the difference between her saying yes or no.  
	Her eyes darted uncertainly as she took it all in, then she held one hand to her chest. ‘What me? I could help save this boy of yours?’ Her voice was strained with incredulity. 
	‘Yes, you,’ André said simply, mundanely, belying the weight it carried. 
	For a moment she looked tempted to help. Something worthwhile in her life for once, when so much of it so far had lacked worth or value. But then some darker shadows came into her eyes and dragged the thought away. ‘No, no. I couldn’t.’ She shook her head. ‘That’s why I left the last time. All those needles and tests. I felt like a guinea pig.’
	‘But you needed to keep coming, Dhoumil. To keep up the tests. You’re very ill.’	
	She cocked her head, looking at him aslant. ‘But you said that I was immune. That I wouldn’t die, right?’
	‘Right, but –’
	‘So in the end it wasn’t for me, was it? To help others, maybe, like this little boy you tell me about now. But first of all you help yourselves.’ She leant forward, rubbing one forefinger and thumb together. ‘That’s what it always comes down to, isn’t it?’ 
	She’d thrown so much across that he didn’t know what to tackle first and, seeing his indecision, she huffed indignantly. ‘Huh! Marcus was probably right. As soon as you were finished with me, I’d have been on the first plane back to Abidjan.’
	Marcus? André should have realized that someone else was pulling her strings; she wouldn’t have left the programme and come to this life of her own volition. ‘And I suppose it was this Marcus’s bright idea that you come here? You’ve got HIV for God’s sake, Dhoumil.’ His voice raised to a near shout, then lowered again as he shook his head wearily. ‘I know you might have given up caring about yourself – but knowingly giving it to others like this?’ 
	An overweight fifty-something client had just come in with a new girl and, at the sound of André’s raised voice, he turned back into the hallway and started a heated debate with the girl. This once again set off the girl who’d been eyeing him cautiously and the one on the sofa. They flew into another excitable exchange of African banter and arm waving. 
	‘I use condoms. Condoms!’ Dhoumil screamed above it all. She plucked a bright purple one from her purse and thrust it in front of his face. 
	‘Encoule ma grandmère!’ the girl in the hallway shouted after the departing footsteps of her client, then a second later she started heading back down herself.  
	‘Anyway, it’s what I do. What I know,’ Dhoumil said, casting her eyes down for a second. ‘How you expect me to survive on the peanuts from social security?’
	André was getting desperate, could feel it all slipping rapidly away. ‘But that was a condition of the social security, and of you staying here,’ he stressed. The soft approach hadn’t worked, so now try some pressure. But as soon as the words were out, he knew it was the wrong thing to say.
	‘Is that what you’d do? Report me to the social security?’
	‘No, no,’ André appeased. ‘But if they find you here, they’ll kick you out. Marcus isn’t going to give you any protection. And he probably hasn’t even bothered to tell you the risk you run. You’ve got far more chance of being shipped back on the first plane to Africa from here than you ever would with me.’ 
	Dhoumil shook her head, looking confused. ‘I don’t know. Everyone telling me different things.’
	She was teetering again. He pressed home the advantage. ‘As soon as things turn bad, he’ll turn his back on you. Whereas I can keep you in the programme for years, Dhoumil.’ He sensed that ninety-percent of the battle was a mental tug of war with Marcus; she’d probably long ago given up thinking what she wanted for herself. ‘Even when it’s finished, I can say you’re needed for tests in another two years. Then another two. I can keep you here indefinitely, Dhoumil.’ As he reached one hand towards her, he saw that it was trembling heavily. ‘I wouldn’t turn my back on you.’
	He thought he had her then. For a moment all the confusion melted from her face and she looked settled. But then a second later the dark shadows were back in her eyes. Marcus was tugging at her again. 
	‘No, no. This is my life now.’ She shook her head resolutely. ‘I can’t go back to that again.’ She kept her eyes averted from his as she brushed past him and went into the hallway. ‘I must get on now.’
	‘Please,’ he pleaded. All else had failed, nothing left but to beg. He followed her and lightly gripped her arm. ‘You’ve no idea what I’ve been through to find you now.’ The fight with the man on that first night in the Goutte d’Or, banging his fist on Charlotte’s bloodied chest as he screamed for her to start breathing again, racing back and forth on the metro – he could almost still see the stations flashing past his eyes now, making him sway and feel dizzy again. But then suddenly it was the bare bulb shining up at him from the bottom of the stairwell of only moments ago. ‘Please,’ he repeated, his eyes darting briefly to the hell-hole surroundings. ‘You think I’d be here, would come to a place like this if there was any other way I thought I could save him. Please… you’re my last chance.’ He felt all of it, all the panic and frustration of the past days course through him like raw electricity, and he suddenly realized that he was holding her arm too tight; desperately afraid of letting this last chance slip from his grasp.
	She pulled her arm away as he relaxed his grip, but something in her eyes seemed to have softened again. They glistened faintly in the dull light. ‘You shouldn’t be doing this to me, Doctor André. Coming here and playing with my head. Getting me so I…’ Then suddenly the shadows were back in her eyes, but this time slightly different: a mixture of surprise and fear as they fixed on something behind him. ‘No… No!’ she screamed.
	André felt the blow to the side of his head before he registered any movement.  He was sent reeling, staggering, lights spinning and swaying; and as everything fell into focus again he saw that it was the bare bulb below and he was slumped against the landing rails, looking down. 
	The man leapt in quickly and grabbed him by the lapels, pressing him back against the railings. ‘You come here, trying to mess with my girls.’ He spat the words into André’s face from only inches away. ‘I mess with you.’
	At first André thought it was the guard from the downstairs entrance, but this man was burlier and a good few years older with a faint ring of cropped hair around his bald patch. He pressed André harder against the rails, and André felt them give slightly against his back.
	‘No, Marcus. No!’ Dhoumil screamed.
	Marcus smiled. ‘None too strong these railings here. That’s what happened to the last stretch.’ He nodded to the missing railings to one side. ‘Now – you going to keep away from my girls?’ He gave André another shove against the railings. 
‘Yes… yes. I’ll keep away,’ André mumbled, frozen with fear.
	‘I don’t hear you.’ Marcus shoved again, harder.
	André felt the railings give a few inches more against his back, and as he looked down he saw loose cement and plaster from their base drift down into the stairwell void. ‘Yes, I’ll stay away…. I promise.’ He closed his eyes. ‘Please!’
	But looking down had been the wrong thing to do. Just before he’d closed his eyes, Marcus had seen his abject fear. 
	‘You like the view down there, no?’ He half-shoved, half-dragged André along by the lapels, and André stumbled, his feet tangling as they went. ‘So why don’t we go where the view is clearer.’
	André’s eyes opened wide again with fear. Suddenly he couldn’t feel the reassuring press of any railings as Marcus leant him back. Marcus had moved him along to where the railings had fallen away!
	André made the mistake of looking down again, and suddenly he was back in the Cameroon jungle, paralysed with fear and clinging to a branch as the snake moved close, the monkeys’ shrieking filling the air. Except that now the snake was Marcus and the shrieking was from Dhoumil and the other girls in the background.
	‘So you’re a doctor, huh? Gives you a feeling of power, does it? Holding the lives of others in your hands?’ Marcus grimaced. ‘So now you know how it feels for them.’
	‘Marcus… no! No! Enough!’ Dhoumil hit his shoulder repeatedly with the flat of one hand, and for a moment André feared that her pounding would send them both over the edge.
	Marcus shrugged her off as if she was an errant fly. His grimace faded. ‘You stay away from my Dhoumil, no? You don’t come here again to see her. Don’t trouble her no more!’ With each burst of emphasis Marcus shoved André back, and on the last André feared that he’d been let go. 
	He struggled to clear the dizziness in his head, the sense that his body was swaying even when Marcus wasn’t moving him. The light from below continued to tilt, the garish faces of Dhoumil and two girls looking on shifting from side to side for a moment more before falling back into focus. 
	‘No… I promise. I won’t come back to trouble her again. I’m sorry.’ But as he let loose the last strand of hope with Dhoumil, in his mind he was saying sorry to Eban and Mpundu. They’d relied on him and he’d let them down. Life of others in your hands. Yet in the end he’d let Eban fall free into the void – could almost hear his echoing scream as he sailed down, arms reaching pleadingly towards him … Please help me – just to save his own neck. He felt weak, tired and sick with fear, but most of all ashamed.
	‘Huh!’ Marcus grunted disdainfully. He pulled André in and let go of his lapels, and André collapsed in a ball at Marcus’s feet. ‘You can go now.’
	But as André looked ahead to the gap and the thin strip of stairs at its side, he didn’t know whether he could. Unlike on his way up, there was nothing left to hope or aim for, nothing for which to summon up the bravery to help him across.

Today was the day. She’d got Kalpenski all fired up, then had starved him of the sight of her black stockings for a full week. 
	But she was wearing them today. 
	She’d spent the last few days planning where it should take place – somewhere hidden, obviously, but also somewhere that was accessed reasonably regularly – before deciding on the samples store room. But now she had to think of a good reason to get Kalpenski in there. It couldn’t just be where’s this or where’s that? – any lab assistant could help her with that – it had to be something worthy of his position and gravitas.
	Her nerves built steadily through the morning. He’d only been down to the general lab floor once so far, and there hadn’t been a chance for her to get close and broach the subject without being too obvious. She didn’t want anyone to overhear that she’d lured him to the sample room. Though she’d noticed his eyes fall to her stockings for a moment, a long moment. He’d be back. 
	But by 4.20 p.m. with still no sign of Kalpenski her nerves were ragged, turning over this way and that in her mind what she was going to say and how it might go. It was going to be too late now today, she’d just have to start from scratch planning again tomorrow, for once wear black stockings two days in a –
	‘Oh,’ she said, slightly startled as she looked up from her microscope. ‘I didn’t see you there.’
	Kalpenski smiled warmly. ‘I was just wondering how the Haynes tests were going?’
	‘Oh, okay.’ She smiled back. A pet project Kalpenski had set her four days ago: measuring how the cell multiplication in a cancerous liver sample was effected by temperature. It had also though given her the key to how she might trap him. She looked past his shoulder: nobody was within earshot. ‘But there was something on the transit manifesto that concerns me. Something that could later raise the argument that the sample was corrupted.’ She stood up, but waited for him to lead the way. The transit manifesto was in the sample store room.
	The blood pounded hard and heavy inside her head as she followed Kalpenski along the corridor towards the sample room. But it was going well so far, she told herself: to anyone looking on it looked like he’d approached her and asked her there.
	Still she found her nerves impossible to control as they went inside the room. Now that they were there, she didn’t think she could go through with it. Her hands were shaking uncontrollably as she picked up the manifesto attached to the Haynes sample.
	‘If you look at the time it arrived from Maryland General, it says 14.08. Yet they weren’t logged in here until just after seven a.m. – no doubt because there wasn’t anyone with sufficient responsibility on graveyard that night, or they were busy with something else.’ She swallowed hard. ‘But that five hours concerns me. Especially if in that time…’
	‘I know. I know. If it started thawing there could have been cellular activity before we even started testing. And I can see you’re worried about that.’ Kalpenski laid a calming hand on her shoulder. ‘But they were ice-packed and Maryland General wouldn’t have specifically known they were for here. They could easily have been for a lab in Colorado or Oregon – so that packing should have been good for twelve hours or more.’ He gave her shoulder a couple of reassuring pats before taking his hand away.
	‘Yes, you’re probably right,’ she said, looking down coyly. Such a nice old man: a part of her felt terribly guilty doing this. But the rest of her had built up such an irrepressible head of steam – the years in suburban exile during her marriage, the recent battle with Hebbard, the increasingly tense e-mail tennis with Chisholm – that she found it impossible to resist. It felt almost like destiny. Meant to be. Chisholm was right: she’d be living in Kalpenski’s shadow for years, would probably never make the grade. Now or Never.
	‘There is something else,’ she said. She went towards the door and flicked the latch. As she turned back to Kalpenski, her face was hot and flushed. The blood boiled inside her head like a volcano. Now or never, while she could still pass her reaction off as passion: if Kalpenski read it as nerves or fear, he might get wary and back off. She leant in close before he had the time to think about it and kissed him on one cheek close to his mouth. Then she moved quickly across and kissed him fully on the lips and, as she felt him respond, snaked her tongue gently inside.
	She brought one hand up to his left arm to brace him, keep him pulled in close, and felt that he too was shaking uncontrollably. She pulled back a fraction and saw that his eyes were flickering uncertainly.
‘I… I’m not sure we should be doing this.’
	She leant in again, smothering it with another kiss. ‘I’ve locked the door,’ she said in a low, sultry tone. Not true: she’d imperceptibly flipped the latch back in the same motion as locking it. ‘I’ve seen you looking at my stockings,’ she said, touching his lips with two more light kisses. ‘And I can see that you like them.’
	‘I… It somehow doesn’t feel right here.’ His eyes darted anxiously towards the door and then around the small room. 
	She ignored it, drowning the words with another kiss. ‘I’m wearing them again today, and you should feel how hot you’ve got me.’ She swivelled him quickly around so that she was facing the door and perched her bottom up on the work bench. She raised her lab coat until the tops of her stockings were showing and parted her legs slightly. ‘So hot… right here.’ She pulled him in close and guided his hand to the few inches of bare flesh above her stockings. ‘Sooo hot.’ His body trembled wildly against her, and as his hand made contact with her skin he flinched and pulled away slightly. 
	‘Couldn’t… couldn’t we do this one evening, perhaps,’ he said breathlessly. ‘Dinner and then going on somewhere.’
	She studied him soberly: the milky blue eyes with their heavy bags, the rat face with thinning grey hair; there was more of it sprouting from his nostrils and ears. He was repulsive, and it would have been so easy just to say ‘Fine’ and put it off indefinitely. But it was almost as if she’d gone too far, been through too much to stop now. Now or never. 
	‘I’m an impulsive sort of person,’ she said, stroking his left arm thoughtfully and then bringing the hand up to lightly touch his cheek. She smiled provocatively. ‘Sometimes with me it’s now or never. I’m just not sure how I might feel about things later.’
	She watched the conflicting emotions jostling in his face. In the end her judgement was right: the thought that this might be his only chance with her was too much for him. She watched him crumble and melt before her, his eyes taking in her stockings and the bare tops of her legs. Chisholm would have been proud of her: risking all on the toss of a simple bluff. But still she’d have to take the last bit of initiative. She raised the lab coat a fraction higher to show an inch of panties and guided his hand in again. ‘Sooo hot,’ she said. She kissed him again and felt his last resistance ebb away. His hand started to move on the inside of her bare thigh, the back of one finger touching against her panties. Her eyes fixed on the door handle over his shoulder. If someone came in at any time now, her plan would work. 
	As she sank back into another kiss, she felt his tongue snake into her mouth, tangling with hers. Repulsive. But at least now seeing him in that cold grey light, the guilt had evaporated. If she saw this through and it worked, she’d feel she’d earned it. The old fool would have asked for it. ‘And so wet,’ she said, breaking off and breathing hotly in one ear. She felt his hand hesitate for a second before becoming bold enough to turn and touch two fingers against her crotch. She swallowed hard, her eyes fixing back on the door. Please, Oh God, someone come in now. She wasn’t sure how much more of this she could take. 
	She tried to keep her eyes on the door, but suddenly Kalpenski’s rat face was before her with his eyes half-closed, tongue probing. This time as she went back into another kiss, she felt his nose-hairs tickling one cheek. She stifled back an involuntary retch, turning it into a hot groan of passion against his neck as she pulled away again. 
	She felt Kalpenski’s hand get bolder, one finger tracing up the edge of her panties and pulling them aside. Please… Please! Someone come in and save me. Of course, he’d find that rather than wet she was dry as a bone with nerves and apprehension. She clamped her thighs together slightly. ‘Oh, that’s so… soooo sensitive there.’
	She pulled him into another quick kiss and then, breathing hotly in his ear, fixed her eyes back on the door. Still no one. Come on. Come on!
	Kalpenski’s hand was probing again. At any second he’d know that she wasn’t wet or excited, that her trembling was from nerves and fear rather than passion, and the game would be up. Or she’d be first to break off, unable to continue any more. Everything about him suddenly assaulted her senses: the grey hairs sprouting from the ear that she breathed into, the smell of lab spirits and agarose on his clothes, the pupils of his milky blue eyes like pin-pricks as they became lost in passion, his rat face screwed up and his breath starting to fall in shallow grunts as his excitement grew. She felt like beating her fists against his chest and screaming for him to get off. Get off! Then rush to the washroom to empty her stomach and swill her mouth out with a gallon of water. She must have been mad to think she could go through with this. There had to be a better way to…
	She froze. Some sounds close the other side of the door. She moved her mouth closer to his ear to drown them out.
	‘Oh, yes… there. There!’’ She felt two of Kalpenski’s fingers snake inside her panties. In turn she reached out and fondled his crotch. 
	But what if it was Hebbard or Bremner? They’d probably not report it, or would back up Kalpenski’s version. It would all be for nothing. Or what if the voices outside the door just continued on down the corridor? She could still hear them in the same position.
	She felt Kalpenski’s finger tracing through her pubic hairs, and her entire body shuddered with revulsion. She gripped him tighter. ‘Oh yes… yes.’
	Please, Oh God, help me. Help me! Please come in! And as she felt his fingers touch her, she was about to push him away, couldn’t bear it a second longer, when the door handle started turning.
	‘Oh yes, Oh God. There… there!’ Her voice was barely a whisper only an inch from his ear. It wouldn’t reach beyond the door, but it was enough to keep Kalpenski from hearing the handle turning.
	There was a frozen moment between them as Kalpenski touched her. Perhaps trying to fathom why she was dry, the conflict with all her other bodily signals and what she’d said; or maybe he had heard the door handle turning or felt the sudden change in her body as she tensed for action.
	As the door swung open, she started screaming and pushing him away. ‘No… no! For God’s sake! What are you doing?’
	Kalpenski was slow to disentangle himself. It was Senadhira.
	Red-faced, she brushed her lab coat back down. ‘God! What were you thinking of?’ Her sense of revulsion gave her reaction the perfect timbre. Her voice was shaky and she was close to tears. 
	Senadhira looked embarrassed and started to close the door. ‘Sorry.’
	She reached out and flung the door wide open again, making it patently clear that the last thing she wanted was to be left in the room with Kalpenski. ‘Jesus! How could you?’
	Kalpenski was still catching up with the sudden turn-around. His pin-prick eyes struggled to fall back into focus. ‘This isn’t what it looks like,’ he appealed to Senadhira.
	‘No, it’s much worse,’ she said, and stormed from the room.


18

They stopped checking Eban’s T-cell count at 58. It was already more than 20 points below the minimum target level André had set, and so further counting seemed immaterial. But more crucially, they were far too busy with the other readings – the second-by-second vital signs that told them whether or not they were winning in their battle to save Eban’s life.
	‘102.7 and 42 bpm.’
	‘Ninety-one over forty-six. And… twenty-three bpm.’
	Marielle was monitoring temperature and pulse, David blood pressure and respiration. Their voices barked out urgently one after the other as André looked on anxiously after giving Eban an adrenalin shot, his second of the night. Pulse and respiration had thankfully moved up a few notches – but they were both still dangerously low. André dabbed at his brow with the back of one hand. More acitaminophen and relenza in just over an hour and another double dose of Invirase in two hours. Anything he’d overlooked?
	He felt strangely powerless looking at Eban. A mountain of the most incredible, cutting-edge viral research at his right hand – but, despairingly, just out of reach – and at a moment like this he was no more effective than an emergency room intern. 
	He’d felt tempted to dive into his notes and his computer the minute he walked back into the lab, to desperately hunt through for something, anything, he might have overlooked – but then quickly realized the futility. It was too late. Unless they could get Eban over the hurdle of this current flu, now no doubt already turned to pneumonia, it was pointless trying anything else. There wasn’t time and Eban was simply too weak. 
	In part that made him feel not quite so bad, not so despairingly empty and defeated, about failing to bring in Dhoumil. The same would probably have been true there. And after the nightmare night and the panic of these past days, he felt exhausted; perhaps all he could cope with now anyway was something mind-numbingly simple, straightforward. First year intern’s procedure.
But still it felt odd simply going through the motions, pitting blind hope against the ever-descending cloak of the inevitable, ticking down with each beat of Eban’s pulse or respiration slowing. Eban’s mouth was dry and cracked with some heavy sores at one corner, his eyes bleary and unfocused, and for much of the night he’d been delirious. André could hardly bear to look at him, could hear his promise to Mpundu echoing emptily with each vital sign slide or urgent shout from David and Marielle.  
	Eban was dying.
	Then at one moment late into the night – one of the few that Eban had been awake and anywhere near lucid – as André was double-checking Eban’s pulse, Eban suddenly clutched André’s hand.
	‘Papa André. I… I’m not afraid to die, you know.’
	André shook his head resolutely. ‘You’re not going to die,’ he said. A flat, emphatic tone. ‘We’ll get you over this.’
	But, unlike an intern, his deeper knowledge had in that moment betrayed him, told him what they probably wouldn’t have deduced: Eban’s immune system had finally given up. He could have almost set his watch by it: 4.40 – 4.47 a.m. Eban’s temperature stopped rising yet his blood pressure, respiration and pulse continued to decline.  André knew then that any last chance of a respite was gone. 
	And in that moment Eban had seen it too in his face; and as he tried to gloss things over, he could see that Eban wasn’t taken in by the lie. They knew each other too well,  had been through too much together to be lied to; especially at this moment of all moments.
	‘At least I’ll see my father again. And Nsoro and Mpundu… be with them.’ Eban’s eyes drifted as his delirium again threatened to smother any clear thought. He struggled to focus back on André. ‘Many times I think about them, and I… I miss them so.’
	With the heavy lump in his throat, all André could manage was ‘I know. I’m sorry.’ And as his eyes filled he left the room before he broke down completely in front of everyone – the emotions and his exhaustion finally too much – and dived into the nearby washroom as the first sobs hit. Sorry! Sorry! He started banging his fist repeatedly against the cubicle door he shut himself behind. Sorry to Mpundu, sorry to Bernice who’d looked anxiously through the glass screen of the Laferge unit throughout the night’s vigil; and to all those whom Eban had touched in his short life: Charlotte, Veruschka, Joël, Marielle and everyone at the lab, Madame Ahjlan … Oh God, Joël! His heart broke for a second time at the thought of how young Joël would take the news. Him and Eban were inseparable, like the brother Joël always wished he’d had. 
	And as it all became too much – the pain and the frustration and his sense of powerlessness – the portent of Eban’s death rising as a mountainous burden that was too overwhelming for him to shoulder or accept, the ‘Sorrys’ became ‘No’s’. No! No! No! No! No!
	The repetitive banging of his fist against the cubicle door drowned out Marielle’s knocking on the main washroom door and her voice the other side, so it took a moment for him to hear her.
	He stopped abruptly, catching his breath and wiping his eyes with the back of one hand as he darted out. ‘What was that?’
	‘I said – there’s someone here to see you.’
	And as he followed Marielle back into the main lab room and saw who it was, suddenly there was hope again.

Kalpenski didn’t stand a chance.
	Dani made her complaint that Kalpenski had sexually assaulted her first thing the following morning. Senadhira was asked up to the Spheros boardroom that same afternoon to give his account.
He didn’t return to the general office until over forty minutes later, and although the tame, slightly embarrassed smile he fired Dani when she looked his way gave little away, she knew Senadhira well: ambitious and reluctant to ruffle departmental feathers, but he wouldn’t lie to save Kalpenski’s neck. That could too easily go the wrong way and be viewed in a dim light, harm his future prospects. He’d tell it exactly how he saw it.
	She didn’t see Kalpenski for the next few days. Either he was keeping his head low and was avoiding showing his face to anyone on the lab floor, especially her, or he just wasn’t in at all. Nor did she have any idea what he might have said in his defence to the Spheros board, though undoubtedly he’d have been hauled in for an explanation almost immediately.
	All became clear with the e-mail waiting on her computer the following morning:

Well done! Kalpenski was foolish enough to claim that he was lured, that it was all a set-up. But looking at him and looking at you, who for a minute was going to believe that? Poor fool.
	He was given two days leave while the board deliberated, but now that the decision has been made, he’ll be asked to resign, the whole matter quickly and quietly swept away. The alternative would be to face prosecution and the total destruction of his career and reputation, so no cigar for which he’ll choose. In turn, you’ll soon be asked a crucial question, and I’m sure I don’t have to guide you as to how to answer.

Despite the prompt, still Dani felt her heart in her throat as the next day she was called up to the Spheros boardroom and asked, given that in respect of her complaint Dr Kalpenski had been asked to resign from the Spheros, did she intend to pursue the matter further?  
	‘I… I’m not sure.’ She felt her face flush, the blood rushing to her head. Chisholm was on the end of the line of five facing her, and she tried not to let her eyes settle too long on him for hidden signals – it might give away that she knew it was him sending the e-mails! But he was wrong: she did need some guidance. ‘I… I suppose it would depend.’
	‘You see, we have to put the Spheros’s reputation first and foremost,’ Dr Warrell, Spheros Chairman at the centre of the five, offered, sensing she was adrift. ‘And if you did decide to take action, we’d unfortunately be forced to give you a leave of absence until the case was over – so that it didn’t appear we were taking sides in any way.  While internally – just between all of us here,’ Warrell waved one hand along the line ‘ – we can make it clear by our actions which side our favour lies, once matters are thrown open to the cold light of a trial and public and media scrutiny, we have to be more careful. We just wouldn’t have that same luxury or latitude of movement.’
	‘Well, I… I wouldn’t want to leave the Spheros, of course,’ she said, possibly too quickly. ‘And with Dr Kalpenski gone and therefore no further threat or cause for concern…’ She kept her gaze evenly between the five, keenly gauging reaction as she laid assurances that given the new situation she didn’t foresee taking any further action. They appeared to be settled with what she said, almost genuinely relieved – except for Chisholm. He raised a quizzical eyebrow.
	‘Is that all?’
	Is that all? What was this, a set-up? The coup de grace of all his e-mails heading somewhere she hadn’t seen? She felt her cheeks burning, her blood pressure again at volcano point. They clearly didn’t want her to pursue legal action. What else was there? The room fell excruciatingly quiet. ‘I…I…’ Suddenly she was in free-fall, clutching at air, her ears ringing and her pulse pounding at her temples. And in that moment, inadvertently, probably her eyes did settle on Chisholm a moment too long, pleading for help and guidance. ‘I… I’m not sure…I …’ 
	‘I mean – you’ve done some good work for the Spheros these past years,’ Chisholm said. ‘And now you’ve very generously offered not to pursue the matter any further; mainly, it appears, in respect of the Spheros’s welfare and honour. But what about your own continuing welfare, how do you see…’
	Halfway through the coin dropped. She’d been acquiescent too quickly. She should have been driving a harder bargain, or at least hinting at some sort of quid pro quo. ‘The recognition of my work here has always been very important to me.’ She swallowed hard, regaining her composure. ‘But I don’t really see it as my position to make a point to the board about any added worth my decision today might have.’ She flicked her eyes down slightly, as if in modesty. ‘I’m sure they’re quite able to determine that and act accordingly. For my part, the good and strong continuing recognition of my work here would be more than enough.’
	The poker faces returned, though not before she caught a fleeting glimmer of smiling accord, except from Chisholm: he remained poker-faced throughout. So she remained uncertain whether or not she’d said the right thing.
	And when two days later she heard on the departmental grapevine that two outside names had been put forward alongside hers to take over Kalpenski’s position – something that Chisholm had conveniently neglected to mention in his earlier e-mail – the spectre that it had been a set-up all along again rose strongly.
	Chisholm wanted to get his golden boy in – some bright spark from Cornell or MIT – and she’d been used purely as the patsy to get rid of Kalpenski. And what could she do about it? If she showed her hand, she’d be out on her ear double-quick, plus would probably face lawsuits for compensation from both Hebbard and Kalpenski. And the e-mails sent from Cyberling Ryvalry were completely anonymous – they couldn’t for an instant be attached to Chisholm. Except her claim that she’d seen him there one day, which wouldn’t even get to first base with convincing anyone. She couldn’t back it up. Oh God, he’d played her well. So well.
	Out on her ear? That’s probably what he had planned for her anyway – as soon as his golden boy was in place. Get rid of all the evidence. And again there was nothing she could do about it and he knew it. So well.
	But surely she couldn’t have gone through all of this for it to all end in nothing? Though that would at least tie in with her first doubting thoughts as to why Chisholm would go to these lengths just to hand her glory. It made far more sense that he’d use her as a dupe to get rid of Kalpenski so that he could put his own golden boy from outside in the saddle.
	Or maybe the delay, the terrible silence, was because he’d caught her look in the boardroom and was concerned that she knew it was him. He wanted to put some distance back between them. For God’s sake, say something! She found herself silently screaming each morning she turned on the computer, her thoughts see-sawing wildly with the uncertainty.
	But with each successive day and still no e-mail from Chisholm, the silence became increasingly ominous, bade the worst. It had been a set-up all along.

Dhoumil! André was surprised to see her, he’d completely given up on her; as was David as he caught his glance from the far side of the lab floor. Though perhaps it was more a look of concern.
	Something he’d said a few hours ago had stuck in her mind, but she didn’t elaborate what. She said that she’d never forgive herself if she didn’t at least try to help. He in turn agreed to keep Dhoumil on their books for four further tests at eighteen month intervals. After that time, six years, she’d almost certainly get rubber-stamped to stay permanently. They set up the equipment and started their tests.
	David didn’t say anything right then, but André could feel his eyes on him questioningly, boring home their message: It’s too late, surely you know that? I thought we’d all already accepted that fact. But, perhaps because of their earlier argument, David bit his tongue; or perhaps he harboured doubt that anything worthwhile would be found in the tests, or Eban’s condition would have meanwhile worsened so as to leave no margin of doubt that they were too late – so any arguing in the interim was probably redundant. Or simply because by the time their tests were fully under way, the lab was busy and back in the full swing of its daily activity, and David didn’t want to cause a scene in front of everyone.
	But as soon as it became dark and the lab emptied out again, by which time there were encouraging results from Dhoumil’s tests and Eban’s condition had rallied a bit, David turned on André.
	‘You just can’t do it, André. It’s too risky.’
	‘But you’ve seen the results. They’re better even than we could have possibly hoped for.’ The T-cell rise with Dhoumil’s serum was almost forty percent higher than anything previously tested with the mangabey samples. Their assumption had been right: Hepatitis B had been the final X factor.
	‘Yes, but that’s just with basic Ames Petri-dish tests and only two agarose wash throughs. There’s no way of knowing if those results will hold up in the long term. They could just slip back to the base line, like the others.’
	‘True. But we just don’t have time for those tests – you know that.’
	‘I know that all too well.’ David shook his head. ‘That’s why you can’t do it, André. The chances are too slim, the odds too much against you. And if things go wrong – especially since you haven’t done even a quarter of the prescribed tests – Delatois will crucify you. It’ll be the end of your career.’
	‘My career? My career?’ André gripped David’s arm tight. ‘So how do you think I’m going to feel, David, looking back in a year or two’s time, knowing that my precious career is still intact only because I let him die?’ André looked hauntingly towards Eban through the glass of the Laferge unit, and David’s eyes dropped. ‘If there was only a one or two percent chance, I’d still have to take it. But I think the odds are far better than that – thirty or forty percent or more.’
	Most of the steam went out of David’s argument at that point, and all that was left was a chain of sharp questions as he confirmed how André saw the procedure running.
	David nodded at intervals, still obviously heavy with doubt and concern, but at least for the first time he appeared to be thinking it through in real terms.
	‘You know that using Hepatitis B as the vector, with Eban’s immunity so low, we might not even make it past that hurdle?’ David cautioned. 
	‘I know.’
	David cradled his forehead and brusquely ruffled his hear. ‘Oh God. It would have been so much simpler if she hadn’t showed at all.’ Then, as he finally lifted his head. ‘Okay, let’s go to it. The quicker we get on with it, the better.’
‘We?’ André berated that while he accepted putting his own career on the line because of his personal involvement, there was no need for David to risk going down in flames as well. 
	And David in turn threw back his own earlier defence. ‘So, André, how am I going to feel later if you fail – knowing that a large part of that has been due to you trying to battle through unassisted?’ David’s raised eyebrow was smugly challenging, and meeting it André was unsure whether David subscribed to his own argument or felt that because of their friendship he simply couldn’t leave André to battle through alone. Beneath the smug bravado he could sense David’s uncertainty; he was as fearful as him of what they faced. They were breaking completely new ground and everything was at stake: Eban’s life and now both of their careers. David eased out a long, tired breath. ‘With the procedure you’ve outlined, André, you’ll need help. You can’t do it on your own.’
	They sent Marc and Marielle home, kept Bernice for extra comfort and brow-wiping with Eban purely because she didn’t have a career to risk, and set to work.

Almost a month had gone by and still no e-mail from Chisholm. And now to add to the confusion, the departmental scuttle-butt was that there were two internal nominations for the post riding along with the two for outside. She was one of them – or was she, was she even certain of that? – but who was the other? The only thing she could think of was that one of the other section heads was earmarked to move across to Oncology, or perhaps one of their shining stars. The only one she could think of that had nearly enough dazzle points was McAllister from Molecular Biology. 
	He’d also been a bit of a favourite of Kalpenski’s. His name had often come up whenever they wanted input from MB. Perhaps that had been Kalpenski’s parting payback shot. ‘I’ll go quietly, just as long as you give my position to someone who I think is worthy, such as McAllister. Certainly not to that avaricious black widow spider Stolk.’
	She was at her wits end turning over the various possibilities in her mind. She’d found herself shouting and screaming at Allison over the smallest thing at the weekend just past, and had received a call from her ex Bradley the following day asking if she was okay. She’d defended that of course she was okay. Why?’
	‘Well it’s just that Allison said you were, well…. tense.’
	She must be in a bad way, closer to the edge than she realized, for him to bother to voice his concern. Straight after the divorce and her shafting him over the property, he’d said to friends that he’d have happily taken her head off with a shotgun if it were legal.
	Maybe that was it. Divine justice. After a lifetime of shafting the men in her life, finally in Chisholm she’d met her match and he was going to pay her back for all of the others.
	She had to stay calm. Calm. She could sense some in her department starting to look at her curiously; though perhaps they put her unease down to shock and nerves after the assault from Kalpenski. The long wait might also be some sort of probation period during which the internal candidates were to be watched and monitored. And she wasn’t going to fit the bill as a competent replacement for Kalpenski while she looked like a neurotic woman on the edge.
	But as the days ticked by with still no news or e-mail, her thoughts swung around again to the overriding feeling that it had been a set-up by Chisholm to get his hand-picked boy from outside in place, or even McAllister; perhaps he’d been a favourite too of Chisholm’s. 
	So when finally there was an e-mail, she’d resigned herself to the fact that it was bad news.
	The instant she saw the Cybriv tag her hands started shaking. Oh Jesus, this was too much to bear. Her entire future either gone or confirmed in one simple double-click. She was conscious of Andy Luttman a couple of desks away looking over at her, perhaps picking up on her consternation.
	‘Some of these CELL-ULA calculations,’ she said, shaking her head. ‘This one is six pages long. Been driving me mad for a couple of days now.’ She double-clicked and opened the e-mail.
You made it! Sorry about the delay, but there were a few bridges to cross on the way.  The other internal candidate, Gerald Thompson, Virology section head, was reluctant to move across (which I knew from the outset), and one of the outside candidates fell by the wayside early. That left just you and one other outside candidate. Unfortunately, a skeleton jumped out of his cupboard at the last moment (Oh dear, how did that happen?). But I think the clincher, what made them finally not want to look further either outside or internally, was your comment about good and strong continuing recognition of your work. The silent worry that you might kick up a fuss over Kalpenski if you felt you’d been sidelined. Plus the fact that it was pointed out to the board that having someone young and female (and dare I say glamorous) in such a high profile job would certainly score some strong PR bonus points. The announcement will be made public in a day or so. Well done! There’s nothing to stop you now. 
She felt like jumping up and yelping and whooping with excitement, but she just eased out a satisfied breath and smiled, as if – to Luttman or others looking on – she’d simply had a breakthrough with the CELL-ULA calculus on screen.  
But beneath her silent elation, as she felt the butterflies in her stomach finally start settling, she couldn’t help dwelling on what Chisholm had put her through. Her life had been on an absolute tightrope these past weeks, and his final e-mail could just as easily have gone the other way. Had there really been such a lengthy milling process? Surely he could have said something earlier? Was he punishing her for that fleeting look in the boardroom, or perhaps he just took a vicarious pleasure in making her wait, knowing how much she’d be on tenterhooks? Whatever, he’d had complete control over her; something that nobody previously had held over her, and it made her distinctly uneasy. Perhaps she’d need far more than just knowing that it was Chisholm and some of his background to even the balance. 
Though he was right about one thing. With him behind her, the last line of his e-mail held particular resonance, and she couldn’t help re-reading it as she silently gloated: There’s nothing to stop you now… nothing to stop you now…

André unchained his bike and wheeled it out through the courtyard.
	Madame Chercule, straightening up from tending her plants, spotted his departing back as he was halfway across.
	‘Bonjour, Monsieur Lemoine. Ca va?’
	André didn’t respond. The traffic from the road ahead half drowned out her voice, and his thoughts were elsewhere.
	He got on and wove through some slow moving traffic at the end of his road, then quickly switched up through fourth, fifth and sixth gear as he turned onto Rue Vaugirard. Finally seventh and eighth gear as he hit full speed. The wind rush felt good against his face. Refreshing, exhilarating. 
	At first, he and David thought they’d got over the initial hurdle of Eban’s response to Hepatitis B. Three hours after it had been administered as a vector and another two before giving him the mangabey serum – five hours they’d agreed was the optimum time between the two key stages – and Eban seemed to be holding out. His blood pressure, pulse and respiration had only dropped negligibly. Then forty minutes later the reaction they’d feared hit. Eban’s vital signs started sliding rapidly. 
	Vaugirad was busy with a steady stream of cars, as usual, but invariably one of its two lanes each way was clear or there was room for him to weave in between traffic.
	They administered the mangabey serum an hour early, and from then on it was desperate race to see whether Eban’s T-cell count would start picking up again before his blood-pressure, pulse and respiration sank too low. His systolic rate was the most vital.
	‘38… 36… 35’
	André felt the countdown strikes almost in rhythm with his pedalling. He turned into Avenue Montparnasse and raised up in the saddle to pedal faster, break it. 
	‘13 bpm…. And 38 bpm.’
	There was a moment when it appeared that Eban’s immune system was rallying – his temperature rose for the first time in eighteen hours, up 0.4 to 101.7 – and his systolic rate held steady at 35, as if poised on a knife’s edge: one way clawing back to possible recovery, the other… and he and David watched, breath held, to see which way it would jump.
	A small jam of four of five cars loomed ahead. André checked over his shoulder and swung out, again for a moment rising up to hit a stronger rhythm as he overtook. 
	But then it started falling again, sliding off of the cliff.
	‘34… 33… 32.’
	André cut back in. It was clearer ahead, little traffic, and André hit a steady clip down Avenue Montparnasse. The first twinges of pain from exertion gripped his chest.
	Pain. He’d almost felt the stab himself as he’d plunged home the syringe, pumping the adrenalin close to Eban’s heart to hopefully kick-start his system again, lift his dangerously low blood pressure and pulse.  
	It lifted four points… five, six… touching almost forty at one stage, before it started falling again: 38… 36… 35…
	André’s legs pumped hard, his breath falling heavier, starting to rasp.
	34… 32. The terrible rasping and rattling in Eban’s throat as he struggled with his final breaths. 
	Another small jam ahead, this time in the outside lane behind a car turning left into Rue Pierre Nicole. André quickly swung inside to avoid them.
	Eban’s heart stopped at a systolic rate of 30. They tried to get it going again with electric jolt pads – five in all with heavy massage in between – but it was no use. The flatline continued as an annoying monotone to his and David’s ragged breathing as they slumped to one side, exhausted and defeated. 
	André’s eyes watered heavily, but he wasn’t sure if it was from the wind rush or tears. Surely he’d cried enough of those in the last forty-eight hours that there wasn’t anything left. There was another clear stretch ahead and he switched up to tenth gear, pedalling harder. Pedal away the pain.
	Delatois left only twenty-four hours grace before hauling them into his office. He wouldn’t fire them or make any public announcements, purely for the sake of the ISG’s reputation. But he would expect their resignations on his desk by the next morning, to become effective immediately. André begged for leniency for Marielle and Marc, claiming that they hadn’t in any way been involved, and Delatois reluctantly agreed to grant them six months grace. ‘After that time I’ll expect their resignations as well.’ André suspected that the concession was mainly down to more ISG face-saving; an entire department being disbanded at the same time might have raised too many eyebrows. 
	To his left was the Montparnasse cemetery. Not the cemetery recalled from his childhood that kept replaying in his dreams, that was in the north of the city on the way to Sacre Coeur. It wasn’t until years later that he actually came across it again, when he’d first started working in Paris, and it appeared much smaller then. Was it just that everything seemed so much bigger when you were a child, or had it kept expanding each time in his dreams?… Tombstones stretching into the misty reaches of the city, appearing never-ending:
	His father Stephan, who’d died from cancer when he was only fourteen, his beloved uncle who’d been like a surrogate father over the years since and had passed away only six years ago… Nsoro, Mpundu… now Eban…
	The road ahead blurred heavily with his tears. He wiped at them with the back of one hand.
	There’d been a moment just before Dhoumil had shown up at the lab that his thoughts had turned again to going to the courtroom to see Eric: at least he’d have the chance to do that. Then another day was swallowed up in trying to save Eban, and the thought didn’t come back again until he phoned Hervé to tell him the tragic news about Eban. But the court hearing had already finished, Hervé informed him. A cut and dried case with little strong defence, they’d wrapped everything up late the day before. Eric was sentenced to five years. ‘Yes – he was obviously upset that you didn’t show, André. But this isn’t the time to burden you with anything else.’ In the end he’d let Eric down as well.
	He’d let everyone down: Mpundu, Bernice; David and Marielle and Marc – their careers now in tatters; Joël, Veruschka, and Charlotte, in therapy twice a week and barely clinging to sanity. And now Eric. 
	André blinked away the tears, pedalling hard and steady to try and pound away the pain. Trying to help everyone at the same time as trying to save the world – but in the end he was spread too thin to help anyone. He’d failed on every front.
	A bus whisked by. The same bus that Joël and Eban would catch to school each morning – and for a moment through his streaming tears he imagined them both at the back window of the bus waving at him, as they would every morning. But now it was just Joël on his own, and as young Joël realized that fact, his hand froze halfway up, all enthusiasm suddenly gone for a wave, then was quickly retracted. Joël stared out emptily from the back of the bus, a lonely and desolate figure. 
	Oh God. Joël. Mpundu… I’m sorry… so sorry. I tried… I tried.
	The road ahead was a pastel blur through his tears, and he didn’t realize that the bus ahead had stopped until a stream of red washed up from the bottom of his vision.
	He swerved to avoid it, and the scream of air brakes from the truck baring down fast from behind filled his head, for a moment becoming his own screams of despair above Eban’s flatline beep as they desperately tried the last electric-pad jolt.
	Then the truck hit him, a blow so solid that at first André thought the bike had been ploughed straight through him – except that as his body bounced off the side of the bus and finally came to a tumbled, tangled rest eight metres away, he could see his bike still skidding away from him, as if to plainly tell him he wouldn’t need it where he was going. 
	His pastel view suddenly had a grey tinge to it, as if someone had thrown a filter switch and it was instantly dark, and there was a sweet, acrid smell stinging his sinuses. The sound of some car doors closing and excitable voices, and as the first face loomed over him, he muttered ‘I’m sorry’ just before the grey faded completely to black and dragged him under.


19

And he was right. There was nothing to stop her.
	The official announcement was made two days after Chisholm’s e-mail and a week later she took over Kalpenski’s position when he left. There was some resentment at first, mostly from those with close allegiances to Kalpenski or from the Hebbard camp. 
	Most of it was along the lines of her being too young and inexperienced for the position and could be put down to standard professional jealousy. But some of it was more clandestine and worrying – particularly where Hebbard had been able to bend ears heavily – claiming that Kalpenski had probably been right, it had been a set up all along.
	None of it was overt or challenging, all silent whispers behind her back. The only outward signs were coolly appraising glances that might last a second too long when she was on the lab floor, one word answers or eyes that would quickly avert when she looked up to meet those lingering glances. 
	She’d always held a slight distance, had never been fully part of the homogeneous work team, if there was such a thing. But now that gap was a veritable chasm. ‘It’s lonely at the top’ suddenly had frightening resonance. But she wasn’t so much worried about the sense of isolation, she could stomach that, in some ways even relished it – she’d always considered herself as slightly aloof, better than anyone else – and this new distance merely confirmed that. She was concerned how it might effect her career: the blip in co-operation, the fact that they weren’t gelling completely as a team, might harm future progress; or certainly, if it was picked up on by the powers to be above, they might fear that to be the case and seek her replacement. 
	She desperately needed some guidance, but that was the other problem about the isolation; with nobody on the lab floor she could confide in, her only remaining option was Chisholm. Besides, so far it had always been him angling and pushing for what he wanted. It was time she pushed back. She sent her e-mail to Cyberling Rivalry that evening after everyone had left.

Well, I’m here (presumably where you wanted me). I made it! But some guidance as to how you see everything panning out would also be appreciated. First and foremost, how to dampen this cold departmental blast of resentment? I’m concerned it might effect future project progress.
The answer returned two days later:
Be bold! We’re going to have to be bold and adventurous in any case to have any chance of winning the Gifford Award. But my bet is that the detractors will raise the stakes, say that you’re bound to fail. And in winning through you’ll silence them in grand style and at the same time win stronger support from those who were part of that bolder strategy. Of course, as with everything there’s a risk, a downside: if you fail, you’ll have proved the detractors right and the pressure could be even more insufferable…
Be bold. They had anything up to twenty ongoing projects at any one time, but only a handful enjoyed prime status and a concentrated body of researchers working on them, the rest were secondary projects with only one or two researchers allocated. Dani recalled one project in particular involving stem cell research that had created initial excitement on the lab floor, but Kalpenski had proclaimed it as too bold and so it was instantly relegated to secondary status. 
	Genetic and stem cell research had undoubtedly become the newest and most exciting research buzz words, but for that reason Kalpenski felt that every research institute worth its salt would be focused in those areas and there wasn’t much new that the Spheros could bring to the table. Also, the core concept that early harvested stem cells might later prove more resilient to cancer was far from proven; lab tests to date in fact showed that they offered only negligible delay before becoming susceptible to an invasive cancer. 
	Dani wasn’t sure how she might find any different, but she couldn’t think of another area where ‘be bold’ might apply. And Chisholm was at least right about one thing: if they did find a breakthrough, it was the sort of sexy new area that would make the Gifford Award committee sit up and take notice.
	She put Senadhira on alongside John Page, allocated two more lab assistants and gave at least thirty percent of her own time to the project. But as the weeks went by with still no significant findings and the behind-back whispers resurged – ‘Told you. Kalpenski was right all along about stem cells. She doesn’t have the first idea what she’s doing’ – the move felt more suicidal than bold. It was okay for Chisholm to push for bright and bold moves, it wasn’t his neck on the line. If she failed, he’d merely wheel in the next mug brave enough to risk all to do his bidding.
	Maybe that was all Chisholm wanted: the Gifford at any cost, no matter if he lost two or three proteges on the way. She was expendable.
	She found herself in a cold panic again, sweating out each day on the lab floor; she could almost feel everyone’s eyes on her, questioning, doubting. It was only a matter of time before the whispers combined with the lack of progress reached upstairs and they got rid of her.
	Then four months into the project, her nerves by then completely shot from each day coming to work fearing that it would be her last, they finally turned the corner. There’d been recent research forays into ‘marking’ cells to produce antibody reactions and her team discovered that the responses with early stem cells were even more dramatic.  
	Other research establishments though were fast exploring the same area, and it was Senadhira who first suggested using the CELL-ULA to put them ahead of the field.  They could take stem cells and computer-age them to provide a far more comprehensive profile of their antibody responses at varying stages. Within only two months they’d already leapt ahead of the competition. The whispers stopped as quickly as they’d started. Suddenly she was the golden girl and her team basked in her glory, while the rest of the lab floor either wished to touch the hem of her gown to share it or were silently resentful.
	But once the success bandwagon had started, it merely gained momentum. Within the year, the Spheros had gained recognition as a world leader in stem-cell research and the phones started ringing for interviews. First, the local Philadelphia press and research journals, then, two days after the publication of their main paper on stem cells and the announcement by the Spheros Board that it would be a key plank in their bid for a Gifford Award, a science journalist for the Washington Post phoned.
	 Nothing to stop her.
	But she was reminded how close to the edge of the precipice she’d come. And if she’d fallen, Chisholm would have simply let go and brushed his hands. She probably wouldn’t even have received an e-mail saying sorry or goodbye.    
	Now that her position was more secure, the time was ripe for her to push back, put Chisholm on the same tightrope she’d been on these past months. Make him aware that if she fell, he’d probably go too. Maybe then if he cared a bit more, or at least he knew he had as much to lose, she wouldn’t feel so adrift. 

Fourteen months without a bombing.
	For the first five or six months, Todd Wenner hardly gave it a thought. Like most field agents his case load was mountainous, so anything that went quiet or died and gave him more time to free up the rest of his continually overflowing in-tray was usually welcomed.
	He felt sure that any day there’d be another bombing and the game would be on again, next time hopefully with more tangible leads to work on. His exploration of genetic and religious links had thrown up far too many names and possibilities; he desperately needed something else to try and narrow them down.  
	But as the months rolled by and over a year had passed since the last bombing, the pattern looked increasingly out of step with anything Wenner had previously known and the questions started churning: Why a chain of bombings only months apart, then nothing? Had the bombers died, moved on? Or perhaps the bombings had a specific purpose which had since been satisfied or was no longer there?
	‘What do you think, Batz? What do you think has happened with them?’ Having got as far as he could with bouncing it around in his own mind, one bright May morning while checking back through his old file notes for something he might have missed, he decided to get some outside input. Batz, Barry Tzerril, his assistant for the past year. For the first six months Wenner had ignored him, just one more fresh-faced Ivy leaguer straight out of Quantico dumped on him, except that Tzerril was an unlikely mix of Armenian, African-American and Latino. But still there was the generation gulf to cross, and then Wenner discovered that, like him, Tzerril was an ‘easy listening’ aficionado, particularly Baccarach and the soft bosanova/jazz rhythms of Joachim and Gilberto. He wasn’t at all a fan of the heavy rock, grunge and rap that earmarked his generation, so Wenner decided that Batz might after all have half a brain and an opinion worth listening to.
	‘The animal gene bombings… right.’ Batz looked up from his computer. It had been almost two months since their last mention. ‘Died I would say is the most likely.’
	‘Do you really think so?’ Wenner ran one hand over his smooth, shiny crown. ‘I don’t know. If it was just one man acting on his own, then maybe. But everything’s been too well-planned and clean for that. It has to be a team of two or three working together. So that would only make sense if it was the main ringleader who died – otherwise the rest would just carry on.’
	‘Maybe their situation has changed. You know, ban the bomb and save the planet and save the animals all seems wild and exciting when you’re at college. But when you take on a family and a mortgage, suddenly your values change.’
	‘Is that what happened with you?’ Wenner looked at Batz keenly. He knew that Batz had recently got married, only a few months before joining the Atlanta field office.
	‘No, I’m not there yet.’ Batz shrugged. ‘I’ve still got a few wild ambitions and ideals left. You’ve probably got the main experience there.’
	‘True.’ Wenner smiled drolly. ‘When you get to the stage of spending as much time in mall car-parks as on stake-outs, sweating on how big a hole your wife’s going to put in your charge card – you’ll know you’ve finally made it, kid. There’s no turning back and no more crazy ideals left. Or none that seem worth a shit anymore.’ 
	Batz mirrored the smile with a faint tease. ‘Yeah, but are those mall car-park vigils as exciting as stake-outs?’
	As Wenner fixed him with a cool stare, for a moment Batz was unsure whether he’d taken the familiarity and camaraderie a step too far. Maybe he had to wait another six months or a year before he could go that extra yard. But Wenner’s smile quickly returned.
	‘Can be, can be. When she’s heading back to the car with so many shopping bags that you can hardly see her beyond them, you get that same gut-wrenching sensation you get when a stake-out suddenly goes wrong.’ Wenner shook his head, the smile turning to a tight grimace. ‘No. This isn’t a case of some college kids or young crazies who’ve suddenly grown up. Too well-planned and clean for that as well. I reckon these are professionals with a set aim.’ Wenner leant back in his chair and eased out a slow breath. ‘And maybe it’s just that for the past fourteen months that aim has been answered.’

It was another five months before Dani finally raised the courage to re-contact the private investigator she’d used before, Ken Meikle, and instructed him to dig deeper into Julius Chisholm’s background. 
	The main reason for the delay was that since the breakthrough with stem cells, she’d been on a strong roll, her confidence so high that at times she felt almost untouchable. Indestructible.
	Nothing to stop her.
	The nagging doubts and uncertainty that had made her feel so vulnerable and at Chisholm’s mercy when she’d first taken over from Kalpenski seemed a distant dream. When she was on the lab floor – though the occasions she condescended to come down from her office to mix with the mere mortals were far less these days – she felt almost as if she were floating. The feeling of superiority – the reverent looks, the eager nods of agreement where before there was doubt or condescension – made her giddy.
	She also felt as if it was a position that had long-awaited her. Her rightful destiny. Meant to be. She’d finally arrived.
	But as much as their progress with stem cells had been remarkable, she was reminded that it still probably wasn’t enough to win the main Gifford Award. The two strongest tipped contenders were Dr Douglas Bateman of UCLA for his research into peptide treatment for breast cancer and Dr Aaron Jacobsen at MIT for his work on angionesis. And if she couldn’t win a Gifford for the Spheros, was she any use to Chisholm? Surely that had been the whole purpose in him getting her where she was.
	She started to feel uncertain, vulnerable again, feel that at any second he might pull the rug from under her. And when her lawyer, Silas Merrison, phoned to tell her that they’d finally run out of rope with delays and adjournments with her mother and the court case was in just over two months time, she hit her lowest ebb and phoned Ken Meikle to put him on Chisholm’s back once again.
	This time though there was very little file work, except for filling in a few gaps on his last report. Most of it was watching and following a few days and nights a week, and a profile was gradually built up of the various people that Chisholm met with and were dully snapped through Meikle’s telephoto lens. 
	Most of them were nothing out of place, the usual round of present and past business associated, friends, golfing partners and neighbours. The new love in Chisholm’s life, a pretty, eight-years younger red-head, was apparently an assistant financial administrator at St Charles’s Hospital in Baltimore. So, pretty much the same work as him, but a couple of rungs down. Perhaps that’s how he liked his women, Dani thought ruefully: under him in more ways than one. 
	But one of Chisholm’s past business associates had a decidedly shady background involving three counts of shares dealing fraud, though only one conviction had stuck. And Chisholm met with two men suddenly late one night who Meikle had yet to identify. Nothing particularly alarming so far that she could hold over Chisholm’s head.
	Then out of the blue, two days before the court case with her mother, Meikle suddenly phoned her office in a panic.
	‘I think he saw me last night…’
	‘Look… I thought I told you never to phone me here.’ She looked around nervously. She was in her large private office, not an open lab floor like before, but still she was worried that the phones might be monitored. The ultimate irony if Chisholm heard the conversation.
	‘I… I’m sorry. It’s just that I was planning to continue surveillance again tonight, and I wanted to get your feedback first.’
	‘Okay, well. Don’t go out again tonight, it’s not a good idea. And maybe not for a few nights more. Phone me at home tonight and we’ll decide the next move then.’
	She got the rest of the details ten minutes after walking in the door. Chisholm had turned around to reverse out of a tight parking space and Meikle felt that Chisholm’s gaze had lingered in his direction for a couple of seconds. Meikle wasn’t sure if he’d been seen or not. She decided not to take the risk and told Meikle to lay off of surveillance until he heard from her again. It was the last thing she wanted to think about now, at least until she had the court case behind her.
	But however much she tried to push her darker concerns away, they tormented her increasingly over the next thirty-six hours and her legs were like jelly as she went up the courtroom steps. She must have been mad putting Meikle on Chisholm’s back. She’d seen the way he’d so meticulously planned everything to date, what made her think for a minute she’d ever outsmart him, get the jump on him? He no doubt knew all about this court battle with her mother and had meanwhile been biding his time. If it went the wrong way, that’s when he’d get someone in to replace her. Save the Spheros any possible embarrassment. Especially now that she’d been stupid enough to get someone to tail him and he’d found out. 
	Merrison, misreading her concern, assured, ‘Don’t worry. We’re in good shape. It’s going to be okay.’
	Her nerves only abated slightly, then took strong grip again when she had to go in the witness box. She didn’t put on a good performance. Her mother though, thankfully, perhaps because of her age and frailty, did equally as poorly. But her brother’s testimony on their mother’s behalf was strong – damn him, always confident even in the face of the most crushing adversity – and swung the balance once more against her. She felt certain she was going to lose. 
	In the lunch recess on the last day of the trial, her hand was shaking so hard on her coffee cup that she could hardly bring it to her lips. She must have been crazy to think that she could get away with robbing her mother like this. She was going to lose the case, then her job. She was going to lose everything.
	At the time it had only partly been the money, the main thing had been hitting out at her brother – just another of the many man-battles in her life, her way of convincing herself that she was as good if not better than them. Her only grievance against her mother was that she’d nearly always favoured her brother over her. This way she hit back at both of them. Also, it had been so easy robbing her ex-husband of his property that it was hard to resist doing the same again. And now the payback, the punishment for her sins.
	Merrison reached out and gently clasped her hand, the first and only physical contact in all of their sixteen-month association.
	‘I can see that you’re worried. But I have to say again: Don’t. You might feel that things appear overall to have run in their favour, but don’t forget the onus is on them to prove their case beyond reasonable doubt. I don’t believe they’ve quite managed to achieve that. For our part, all we had to do all along was create sufficient doubt – and in that regard I think we have succeeded. Also, don’t forget there’s the thorny trust law issues we raised, which he’d have to answer in order to rule against you.’ Merrison patted her hand once more before pulling his hand back. ‘I think that’s one minefield he’d be keen to avoid.’
	But she could tell from Merrison’s eyes that he was only half convinced by his own arguments. She felt far from assured.


20

André knew that he was dead when he saw that one of the last in the line of tombstones had his name on it.  
	After the voices on the road, the only other voices he remembered echoed around him in a corridor. A bright light was shining straight into his eyes, then suddenly it shifted and the same panel lights flashed strobes at regular intervals as he was wheeled rapidly down the corridor, the voices suddenly more urgent, barking instructions at each other.
	Then the light burnt everything else out and the voices faded, and as he felt himself sinking into that brightness, felt its warmth washing all around his body, he wondered whether this was one of those near-death experiences. Except that he wasn’t able to look back to see his body, he just kept sailing into the light, and emerging the other side of it he could see that it was a white mist hanging over the tombstones spread below him. 
They seemed never-ending, stretching into the far reaches of the city, and when the last of the mist finally cleared and he saw his own tombstone next to Eban’s, he knew then that it wasn’t near-death, it was death. He wasn’t coming back.
He felt salt tears sting his eyes and run cool down his cheeks, but his sorrow wasn’t for himself, it was for Eban and the thousands and millions more that now he wouldn’t be able to save.
The lines of tombstones had plagued his dreams ever since he was a young child, and he recalled the first time he’d seen them. He’d been only six years old, on one of the family’s first visits to Paris from their home town of Amboise. He was excited. But then as the miles rolled by he became tired and eventually fell asleep. He woke up to see the sides of a cantilevered bridge flashing by. The Seine! He bolted upright.
	Though as he looked out and saw tombstones spread on each side, he was confused. It seemed odd, out of place – a bridge stretching over a graveyard – and for a moment he thought he was still asleep and dreaming or his eyes were playing tricks on him.
	He asked his father where was the Seine, had they crossed it already? And his father explained that they were heading to the north of the city first, to Sacre Coeur. Then later they’d cut back across the Seine and see the Eiffel Tower. 
	But the image had imprinted itself strongly. His first view or Paris: a bridge over tombstones spreading into the distance. 
	And with each traumatic event of his life since – his father’s death, then his uncle’s – the spread of tombstones would confront him again in the dead of night, each time more than the last, and he’d see their names added in the last row.
Then when he was older and deciding what career path to take, the dreams – combined with his draw towards medicine and the fact that he’d lost two people close to him far before their time – he read as a signal that that was what he was meant to do. Stem the lines of tombstones stretching into the distance.
	But he’d been wrong. In the end he hadn’t been able to save Eban, or do anything for the countless millions of Ebans who were going to die from AIDS over the coming years. He hadn’t even been able to save himself from an early death.

The exhaled whoop of relief that Dani let out when Silas Merrison called her to tell her that the judgement had run in her favour, Dani was sure could be heard beyond her office walls.  
	A deferred judgement, she’d had to wait ten days for it to arrive in writing at Merrison’s office and know its outcome. She’d been particularly tense meanwhile, such a tightly strung bag of nerves that she’d stayed away from the lab floor as much as possible. And at home she’d paced like a caged lion, turning over each and every possibility in her mind, and had been impossible with Allison the weekend she’d stayed over, shouting at her for the smallest thing. 
	Now it felt as if a heavy, smothering weight had been lifted from her shoulders.
	‘I said that we’d done enough.’ Merrison’s tone aimed for reassurance, but his smugness shone through. ‘I’m convinced the thorny trust law issue we threw at him clinched it. He didn’t mention it at all in his judgement, completely side-stepped the issue. You can breathe easy again. You’re home dry.’
	‘Thanks. You did a great job.’ The first time in all of the sixteen months that she’d praised him.
	Nothing to stop her.
	She was floating on air again. Their stem cells research continued apace and another four news reports appeared about her team before the year was out. Though it wasn’t until the ‘Newsweek’ article appeared describing her as a ‘21st century Madame Curie’ that it struck her that she’d finally arrived. She received a congratulatory e-mail the next day through Cyberling Rivalry.
I told you. I told you that all along that you were the right one. The image helps: Young, vivacious, smart, female. You’re ideal for media exposure, a welcome breath of fresh air amongst a sea of crusty academics. But you’re also good at what you do. Very good.
For a moment – young, vivacious – she wondered whether Chisholm was flirting with her. But then she remembered long-legged, red-headed Anne Irving from St Charles. She used the opportunity though to draw out Chisholm on the main area that still worried her.   
Thanks. I’m concerned though that despite the media hoopla, we still might not have done enough to win over the Gifford Committee. Bateman and Jacobsen still appear to be in the front running there.
The answer came back the next day.
Don’t worry. You just continue with what you’re doing. I’ll take care of them.
I’ll take care of them. She read the same phrase a few times over. It had a slightly ominous, threatening ring to it, or was she reading too much into it? Regardless, it unsettled her, reminded her that she’d probably done the wrong thing putting Meikle onto him. Had he seen Meikle that night?
	She didn’t put Meikle on to it again until after the court case. She lacked the stomach for it and, besides, they’d probably already gained all that they were likely to get. Especially if Chisholm had eyeballed Meikle that night. The only question mark remaining concerned the two strangers that Chisholm had met with late one night. Meikle said that he’d get in touch again when he knew their identities.  
	She patted the cover of the ‘Newsweek’ on her desk and leant back in her swivel chair. So, now it was official: the general view, but most importantly Chisholm’s, was that she’d finally made it. He was going to ‘take care’ of the rest.
	Fourteen months since she’d taken over from Kalpenski. Viewed like that, it seemed no time at all. But with everything that had happened in between – the first anxious months, the court case, the turn-around with stem cells and the various newspaper reports marking progress – it seemed a lifetime.
	But right up there on the glee scale alongside her triumphs was when Russ Hebbard left. He’d invested so much in putting her down and trying to undermine her, her rise to glory had made him look an absolute fool. By the stage of the third newspaper profile, he complained to colleagues that he felt decidedly nauseous and handed in his notice. 
He was replaced by a virologist who originally hailed from Baltimore, but had spent the last three years working at one of France’s leading research institutes, the ISG. His name was David Copell and she immediately liked him, a welcome relief from stuffed-shirt, stuffed-waistband, stuffy-opinionated Hebbard. His arrival particularly stuck in her mind because only days afterwards she recalled him cradling his head in his hands upon receiving tragic news about his previous section head in Paris, André Lemoine.


****

END of Book #1. Look out for The Shadow Chaser #2 soon...


