New Castle Island
Written by: Tristyn Lippingwell
Published by Tristyn Lippingwell at Smashwords
Copyright 2013
Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Prologue: 
Throughout the history of the world, reports of paranormal occurrences have been witnessed and reported by a variety of sane individuals. These abnormal activities include many mythological beast, folk lore creatures and magic interfering with ordinary people’s sedimentary lives. Most of the stories about these phenomena are normally referred to at dreary museums or read about in musty old texts books for they happened long ago. However, there are still a plethora of these stories just starting to be developed today.  Many of these seemingly unbelievable anomalies arise for a purpose. They could be sending a message from beyond the grave or warning of great suffering ahead.  The story you are about to read is entirely fictional. It portrays some realistic beings of mankind in an unrealistic environment, based on a fictional thought created by myself using a real location with a few modifications. Or, is it?
Chapter 1: The Dock
The soft Pacific waves wiped across the shores of Vancouver Island. The sun was spouting life throughout the evergreen mountains, blessing the animals with guidance and motivation. Amongst the classic harbors, assorted boats of all kinds swayed back and forth in harmonious peace. The slimy seafloor was infested with sea grass, fish and shellfish that were always looking upward to avoid the next fishing net or becoming a meal for larger aquatic predators. 
These are typical examples of the beautiful blessings one can find on glorious Vancouver Island. Unfortunately, good and evil must balance for there to be prosperity, and one of the main evils on the Island is people.
Humans, out of patriotism for their species, can be very selfish. We tear down the homes and resources of wildlife that have prospered for thousands of years and turn it into a concrete hole which one day will accommodate people. These beings that will move into this artificial habitat will have the same dreams as the people who built the houses; they want to show off and exploit their best features. They might want to become celebrities just like myself and probably you as well so, we can get our ideas out and entertain our peers. Or, they might be constructive visionaries who wish to build theme parks, luxurious condos, and automobiles to gain money or pride. 
We’ve been like this since the beginning of human evolution. We were somehow meant to be this way. However, it still doesn’t make it right to overuse the power of intelligence that has been given to us. 
That is where we must start our story. For without the last page or two of this book, this story would have been taken for granted.
***
The dock looked old next to the modern efficient asphalt. Though the dock and the asphalt were used almost the same amount the dock always felt greater. It always got to feel the ocean massaging its life supporting wooden planks; however, today the dock did not feel that way. The asphalt had no mind for it was mostly man made; it does not care who strides on it; but, the dock was made of a wood which many wise people believe keeps a piece of its spirit no matter what. Usually, the dock holds people with hostility but, presently, a group of troubled people stand on it waiting impatiently for the sea taxi to arrive.
There were six people gathered on the pier: Two high class aristocrats babbling on their cell phones about business deals while ignoring their beautiful surroundings, two elderly people on scooters taking their energetic eight year old grandson to the gorgeous tourist attraction, and one aboriginal man standing strongly while gazing into the horizon. What these unique travelers don’t know is that they are about to experience the craziest adventure of their unique lives.
Chapter 2: 10:00 in the Evening
The wise old man hung up the phone with a sense of despair. He glanced over at his aging wife who was looking up at him with her misty blue eyes filled with curiosity. Then, he started to waddle over to the bathroom to have a moment to himself and process the information he had just received.
How could this be? He asked himself in disbelief of the news he was just given. 
My boy can’t be getting a divorce; I raised him better than that. The man creaked downwards until eventually he plopped himself onto the edge of the bathtub. 
He’s been with her for so long. Ten years of smooth sailing now this? A full decade had passed since his son’s wedding in Fort Langley. The church decorated in bountiful white flowers, the ceremony that was more magical than those seen in the movies, and the bride and groom being whisked away in a carriage now were engulfed in flames of hatred. 
When they return from their stupid court case, how will they tell their child he must now live in two homes? His grandson slept in the room at the end of the hall, unknowing.
Tears began to streak down the man’s cheek, channeling through his wrinkles until they merged at the cleft of his chin. Another couple of minutes pass and he decides to urinate, and then slide into bed, being careful not to wake his expectedly sleeping wife. However, when he got out she was not asleep.
“What’s happened?” She asked intently. He paused for a second then said to himself what old men often say to themselves when confronted with their emotions. Be a man damnit! He looked at her for the second time.
“They have split custody of Timothy. They are also splitting their possessions half and-” He couldn’t go on, for the look of sadness that had fallen on his wife’s face was too much to bear. There was an awkward pause that followed. It lingered in their brains, releasing small images of their son and their daughter in law in court wearing suits and dividing their belongings. The old woman broke the silence.
“It sounds like it was a clean case.” The old man gave her a half confused half disgusted look.
“You know what I mean! Usually there’s one person who loses everything but, here it seems equal.” She rose to her defense but, the old man didn’t seem amused. Just the idea of divorce upset him. He had been with the same woman since high school and they never had a falling out. Together they bought their own house, raised their only son to be an honorable businessman and were now retired, completely free of financial troubles.
The old woman decided she should say something else so she added. “Now a days these things happen all the time.”
The old man’s disgusted look on his face only got worse.
“I know these things happen all the time but, you never think it would happen to our son.” He spouted, outraged as he climbed into bed. She came to shush him and try to soothe him back to calmness. 
“Don’t think about it dear. Tomorrow we will take a pretty little tour of New Castle Island and everything will be alright.”
***
Angela circled around the bedroom of her five star hotel with her ear pressed so closely to her phone no light could shine between it and her bony cheeks. Her focused fiancé was sorting papers on the small bar table, engrossed in his work, when she shrieked in a fit of joy. He dropped all of his papers and his wine glass on the floor out of shock at this sudden outburst.
“Thomas! You won’t believe the land opportunity we were just given! This is the answer to all of our problems!” She shrieked then pranced over in her 8 inch heels to the fax machine which was vomiting out land claims.
“Where?” Thomas asked repeatedly until he finally got his answer when she finished dancing around the room.
“Some small island off the coast of the Nanaimo harbour. Apparently it’s a six minute sea bus ride over depending on boat traffic. It’s used for hiking and biking and camping and all that primitive nonsense.  They have a naturally polluted lake which they have to drain but, they don’t have enough money!” She began to cackle with her obnoxious voice.
“How is that good for us? If anything, if we were to sweep in and buy them out, it sounds like we would be spending more money on this lake.” She instantly spun around and glared at him.
“I think you are under estimating the size of this island,” she sneered. “It takes two hours to hike around it and it’s the perfect place to build multi-million dollar beach houses! Luxurious homes, beach access, half of them could have their own docks or even cliff diving spots and they would have a huge backyard with a piece of forestry. Being in the middle of nowhere and living peacefully is very “in” right now and this is the spot to do it. Think about it Thomas, we would double our money that we spent, maybe triple if we do it right!”
“Angela, they won’t be in the middle of nowhere. I’ve just searched some photos and on 3 sides of the Island you can still see land. Plus, it’s a government owned island. It’s actually a Provincial Park. Even if the tour company and rangers leave, they won’t let us build there because it’s protected land.”
“Protected by what?” Angela snapped. “The government? Why worry about the government! They openly gave us the land in Tswwassen once it was decimated.”
“Because we destroyed it.” He said carefully so he wouldn’t start another battle.
“We didn’t destroy it.” Again she sneered, “We just were on a large ship that lost control and coincidentally crashed into it spilling oil everywhere.” She grinned jokingly then sipped a glass of expensive champagne in an aristocratic manner. 
“Tomorrow we’re going to New Castle Island.”
***
The cold, marble steps stared at the men trotting down them. The younger man, a healthy native descendant, was about thirty and was trotting furiously down the steps not waiting for the older man who was eighty four years old but, was hardly showing it.  
“How could they do this?” exclaimed the frustrated younger man. “That is our land that has been in our possession for hundreds of years! Have they no minds or common sense? Mallard Lake becoming polluted is a natural disaster. They should be the ones paying for it, not us! How do they not realize we have nothing to do with this? Why can’t they be decent?”
“Calm down, John.” The old man stated so calmly, it seemed unnatural.
“How can you tell me to calm down uncle? We are being forced to choose between spending money we don’t have to fix something that is a natural disaster and giving up our family land so it can be sold to build houses! What are we supposed to do? Grin and bear it?”
“Why are you asking so many questions?” His uncle smirked. His raspy voice made whatever he said sound wise and powerful. “Let fate decide what happens tomorrow.”
They got into their truck and drove off on the lively streets of Victoria eventually making it to the highway that takes them home to Nanaimo. The highways are one of the greatest spots to see creatures of the forest adapting to the invasion of human productivity. There are nests containing crows squatting on luscious trees so that a crow can easily swoop down and eat a critter after it has been hit by a car. Coyotes and wolves tend to be seen sneaking around the sides of the roads at night waiting for a deer to meet its three ton killer then dragging it off and devouring its flesh. However, not all the animals you see are using the roadways for a life source. There are giant eagles soaring in the skies above and making their nests on the trees that were too hard to tear down. One might see a daring deer, who wants to cross the road to eat its favorite flower, risking being struck by a most likely imminent death.
Gripping the wheel so hard his knuckles were displaying an eggshell white color, John, struggled to stay awake. The day had been long and arduous, especially since after all the time he spent in court nothing had been resolved. His vision started to fade at the edges as his eye lids gradually began to drop. His uncle was already snoring next to him, twitching randomly, restless in his slumber. A bend in the road was nearing the truck; the yellow reflectors were beaming back at them. John slowly began to turn the corner when all of a sudden two dark shapes bounded over the median. Swerving abruptly, the truck skidded out of control making the corner but, skidding off the road kicking up dirt behind the tires like a tree shredder. John slammed on his brake straightening the truck which didn’t stop it from smashing into a gnarly tree.
Both John and his uncle were alright, though very awake now. Looking back in the darkness, John strained his eyes scanning for what they almost hit. He couldn’t see anything so, he grabbed his flashlight and began to step out of the truck when his uncle grabbed his arm.
“Be careful.” His uncle cautioned though he seemed happy.
John slammed the door of his truck behind him and inspected the damage to his truck. One of the headlights was smashed in but, other than that there was minimal damage. Flakes from the arbutus tree that he hit clustered on his hood along with a few twisted foot long branches.
Sloshing in the mud which he stepped upon, he began to walk towards the road which was a few short meters away. His breathe could faintly be seen billowing out from his chapped mouth when he heard multiple gentle grunts projecting from only a meters away. He spun quickly dropping his flashlight on the ground. As he went to pick it up he discovered the two large creatures he had just missed by looking at their feet. Standing only shoulder width apart, sauntering down the side of the road was a buck and a black bear. They paid no attention to John who carefully was rising up trying not to startle them. They both seemed completely comfortable with each other’s presence and after a few grunts and whinny’s it was obvious they were communicating.
John slunk back to his truck still gawking at the couple when he pointed them out to his uncle.
“Is that deer walking with a bear?” He said confused. 
“Is that another question?” laughed his uncle.
John backed up and drove back onto the road dodging the pair of unlikely companions. His mind was racing with thoughts of how a situation like that would occur but, he was at a loss for logical explanations.  After about a minute of driving John and his uncle could both see through the one headlight that birds were gliding around the road up ahead. They were all flying low and were carrying as much stuff as they could with their talons. Some carried a plethora of berries while others carried full nests and they were all going the same way the deer and the bear were going. The truck continued getting closer to the flock but, they did not scatter as birds normally would. Instead they cleared a path for the truck to drive through and continued with their odd tasks.
Suddenly, the truck arrived at a car jam full of curious and raging drivers. All John and his uncle could see was a red minivan with a teen boy taking a video with his phone of something blurry ahead of them and a furious semi-truck driver waving his fist in the air. John focused on the teen’s phone screen trying to make out what he was filming when suddenly he made something unbelievable. John pulled onto the grass shoulder and drove ahead of the van discovering an even longer line up of vehicles. Parading across the road far in the distance at the front of the line was a cluster of deer stretching longer than the lineup of cars heading straight through the traffic. There were hundreds of them weaving in between cars and ducking beneath trucks. Some were even transporting slow animals like possums on their backs as they paraded through the stretch of honking vehicles.
The deer were now surrounding their truck, barely paying attention to the threatening yells John was emitting about further damaging his already scratched paint job.
John heard rustling in the bushes next to him and spun around to stare right into the face of a Vancouver Island Wolf. John immediately began to panic for the natural thing for deer to do in this situation would be to flee causing a stampede that could potentially lead to someone having a hoof smash though their windshield. However, to John’s surprise the deer were undisturbed by the wolves presence. Seconds later the wolf pack arrived, travelling with their young, and joined the deer’s march to wherever they were heading.
The truck driver was still blaring on his horn a couple cars back from where John’s truck was now and in the rear view mirror John could see the driver reaching for a shotgun. The furious truck driver loaded the gun and hopped out of his truck just in time to be standing right in front of the pack of wolves. His face went from mad to terrified in a blink of an eye. He jumped back into his truck and sat the rest of the wait quietly, gripping his shotgun for protection. 
John glanced at his uncle who looked up patiently waiting for his nephew’s next question.
“What is going on?”
The old man simply chuckled.
Chapter 3: The Harbor
The water rippled gently as Timothy grazed it with his grimy hand. He watched the colorful starfish leisurely move their rock hard arms across the submerged wooden planks. Timothy was surprised to witness a blubbery dark object swim under the dock. Finally, the creature he wanted to see had arrived. He turned to his two grandparents and chimed in a high pitch voice.
“I think I saw a sea lion!” 
His grandparents replied with some equally excited remarks then stopped due to the unpleasant stare they were receiving from the snobby rich woman who was bickering back and forth with someone on her fluorescent phone. 
Appearing quiet suddenly, the small seven foot boat emerged from behind two bigger boats and pulled up to the familiar dock. It had polished cedar seats in front of each clear window and the steering and engine start mechanism was in the center of it. Inside stood a slim Jamaican man who had terrible posture due to the low ceiling of the sea taxi.
“John! How have you been, man?” The Jamaican man stepped out and embraced the aboriginal man as if they hadn’t seen each other in years. In reality, it had only been seven months. John had been extremely focused on representing the case to protect New Castle Island and hadn’t visited the island like he used to do every single day.
“I’ve been better. Way better.”
The two continued to exchange pleasant banter as the rest of the passengers paid their money and boarded the taxi. The two aristocrats who had begun to text were split in the front of the sea craft by Timothy, who was eagerly looking into the distance at the luscious, green island. His grandparents sat in the back, looking through the open gaps between the two sections of the boat viewing the variety of ships that called the harbor home. There were gray, boring fishing ships hauling in silver slimy money. Towards the open cape, there was a team of ocean kayakers thirty feet ahead of a long native painted canoe filled with twenty people rowing vigorously. A Chinese pirate ship, which was so decorated it looked as if it was taken out of a movie, rocked back and forth as the waves rolled under it. The sweet sea smell was suddenly consumed by the bitter stench of alcohol as two speed boats sneakily crept by. It was clearly obvious that they were going to race in the open water, out of sight from the bright orange Coast Guard ship anchored in front of a coffee shop. The elderly people also looked behind themselves, occasionally watching the beaten carrier boat that was bringing their scooters to the island.
 “So, what is your business going to New Castle Island today mon?” The Jamaican man asked trying to start a conversation with his passengers.
“Well, our grandson is visiting us for a couple weeks and we wanted to show him how beautiful the island is.” said the grandma with a friendly smile on her face.
“That’s very sweet of you, and what about you two? I’m assuming you are together, though you two haven’t said a word to each other this whole ride.” the Jamaican man said questioningly towards the two cell phone engrossed people in front of him. Angela looked up with a fiery gaze and spat, “We want some new desktop screensavers.” She began texting again immediately and her partner began to snicker.
“Are you all taking the tour? I have got to warn you, the guide is a bit of a nut but, he’s a good friend of mine.” All passengers except John nodded and the man began to jabber about harbor traffic and how awful it was.
The sea taxi finally pulled up to the dock attached to the island and the group took their first steps out on New Castle Island.
Chapter 4: Let’s start the tour
The unique passengers walked up the dock admiring the tiny holes shaved into the rocks. The first thing the visitors came upon was a large stretch of flowing green grass that grazed the sides of a small two foot cliff which itself skimmed the side of the water. To their left were two average sized buildings along side many wooden structures over benches for people to eat at while camping and picnicking on the island. To their right was a narrow stretch of dark green sea water, which split New Castle Island from Protection Island. The sister island was home to a couple of families and contained no cars, only golf carts. Upon the left of the horizon an old totem pole head blocked part of the view to the strong evergreen forest laid before them. On the right side of the horizon was the rocky corner of the sister island. On a small pile of rocks in the middle of the great Pacific Ocean rested a lazy seal was taking a nap. 
Scattered amongst all of these things were the animals that inhabit the area, interacting with their surroundings. Canadian Geese were grazing peacefully, constantly on the lookout for predators and other creatures that may conflict with them. Squirrels snuck around, skittering beneath the picnic tables, searching for scraps of food and friends to play with.
Timothy inhaled the salty sea air as he began scaling the side of the island using the holes as finger supports. His grandparent’s hair flipped up in the cool refreshing breeze as they made jokes about the boy falling into the ocean or being attacked by a goose and other inane elderly jokes. Due to the beauty of the Canadian wonderland that surrounded them, Angela and Thomas began snapping photos with their phones, filling the air with the obnoxious autonomic sound of clicking. John walked with his shoulders hunched towards one of the only buildings on the island, which was merely a bit larger than a house.
John stormed through a flock of geese that were blocking the doorway of the cabin-like building. Even though the building wasn’t the most attractive on the outside, it was extravagant on the inside. The first room entered was a museum full of artifacts and factoids on the islands coal mining history. Hundreds of old photographs that took hours to develop were hanging framed on the wall depicting many past visitors who visited the island in the 1960’s. After strolling through a hall with wooden walls on one side and bathrooms on the other, visitors reach a comfortable room attached to the restaurant. The tables, walls, and even the ceiling in this place were made of wood. Supportive beams stretched across the top of the room covered in skulls, antlers and more pictures of pioneers. 
As John got closer to the counter of the restaurant he smelled an overwhelming assortment of aromas. Homemade gravy sent him images of Thanksgiving as the smell wafted through his nostrils followed by the mouth watering sight of the popular flavors of ice cream sold here. Next to the counter was a door labeled “Staff and Rangers only” which John pushed his way through. Inside was a living room setting surrounded by several doors leading to various places such as outside or the equipment shed. 
Sitting on the couch nearest to him was an older, extremely thin man sporting a straggly white beard. He was wearing a blue captain’s hat along with a stunning, blue overcoat with custom gold embroidery around the pockets. He smiled a metallic toothed grin at John and said.
“Crazy stuff happening; wouldn’t you agree?” 
“Yes, I’d say so.” John began urgently as if saying his findings fast would make them seem more extraordinary. “The animals are migrating together, the fishermen haven’t caught any fish today and I swear I saw a moose and a squirrel trying to communicate on the way here!”
“What the hell are you talking about?” The man shakily stood up, revealing his artificial leg, and then he hobbled over to the mini fridge to grab a beer. “I was talking about the government closing the island down.” He threw a cooler to John and cracked open a beer using his teeth for himself.
“Well that’s crazy too, but, I think we need to talk about a different situation Ben.” Just then, the restaurant door swung open to reveal the Jamaican ship controller.
“Jimmy! Come for a little visit? You better not have left the sea taxi unattended again.” Ben stood up with his arms spread and began waddling towards the fridge again. 
“Nah mon, Berta’s gonna’ call me if she gets someone on her end but, for now no one’s boardin’ at the harbor and its practically empty here on the island.”
“That’s because of the damn newscast lady! I saw her about an hour ago reporting that we are being sold by the government because we “Mistreated our lake and river system,” Ben said furiously as he chucked a yellow cooler at Jimmy and grabbed another drink for himself even though he already had one open.
“I don’t understand why they wouldn’t listen to us!” exclaimed John. “It won‘t cost them as much as they think to get it drained and re-filled. They expect us to pay for it when it’s a natural calamity.”
“I’m pretty sure we all know why.” Ben started coldly. “This is a nice land grab. They did it to the islands up North and the one right next to us and now they want to do it here. An eco-friendly, car free, recycle crazy island for expensive homes. As soon as the twenty of us who work on the island are gone they will probably sell it to some rich prissy-”
“We have bigger problems! I think…” John interrupted as he immediately realized what he was about to say would sound ridiculous and preposterous to the two men listening to him. “There’s this old legend told by my people that speaks of nature fighting against the growth of human inhibition. It says from what I understand in modern terms, that after a certain amount of land has been taken over by us, nature will fight back in one area to regain control and teach a lesson to mankind in order to protect itself. So far the animals have all been acting strange, the tides have been off and many of the birds have left Vancouver Island completely. ”
“And how exactly does that affect us?” groaned Ben unimpressed.
“The elders believe that this island is going to be the epicenter of the battle.” 
There was silence, then, Jimmy began laughing a hard, bellowing laugh as he rolled on the floor and beat his fist into the ground. Ben rolled his eyes in disbelief that his friend would even say something as odd as that and appeared to truly believe it.
“That has to be the craziest thing I’ve ever heard come out of a man’s mouth,” cried Jimmy who was now attempting to calm himself down from his laughing fit.
“Jimmy, I saw a bear walking with a deer!” John could not believe the reaction he was getting. This wasn’t the reaction he thought he would receive. He expected them to share his enthusiasm about the seriousness of the event and maybe propose some ideas to stop it or even suggest they evacuate. 
“So, what you seem to be telling me is you honestly believe that because this land may be used for housing a wrath of furry will reign down upon us punishing us for our sins to nature?” Ben joked condescendingly as Jimmy fell into hysterics again.
“Yes, this is serious guys. What if this is how other natural disasters happen? Perhaps it’s all a form of aggression by nature because we destroy land for buildings which could just go somewhere else.” John’s eyes were wide in conviction. 
Ben stood up and started hobbling towards the wall on the far side of the room. On it hung a silver peg leg with Victorian markings sketched on it. He took it off the wall and sat back down.
“I’m being serious! What do you guys want to do about this?”
Ben began to flip hatches on his fake leg and then he twisted it right off with a brutal clanging sound. It clattered to the floor leaving just a stump used to attach different modules. 
“You know what I’m going to do,” Ben said as he shoved on the peg leg causing a bone chilling pop as it snapped into place. “I’m going to do my last tour before we are shut down.”
Ben stood up and did his strange walk towards the door leading outside. He booted it open with his pirate peg and called out with a buccaneer’s accent, “Who’s here for the tour of this here island!”
Chapter 5: The Last and Most Disturbing Tour
The man who was literally a spitting image of a pirate from a story book stood before the awed tourists and began to examine his crowd. There were two elderly people, meaning he should focus a bit on the historic facts of the island. There was one child, so he decided to focus less on the challenging jokes unless the crowd strongly reacted to them. Then there were the two fancy people who were taking pictures of everything except him. At one point it looked as if the woman was taking a picture of him but, she was actually focused on the headboard above him.
“Are we all excited for the tour?” He questioned in his pirate voice. A few unenthused yes’s were heard from his small crowd. “You can call me Captain White Beard. I’ve been touring this here island for forty years and me features haven’t changed a bit.” He let out an overly rehearsed pirate laugh that was quite obnoxious to those who were unfortunate enough to hear it.
He walked by swinging his peg leg out then planting it firmly into the soil then falling forward awkwardly on his real foot then repeating step one over again. The site was sickly but, quite unique. Where else would you see a pretentious pirate with a real peg leg give a two hour tour walking in a strange manner? The group began following him as did John, leaving Jimmy alone in the building with the kitchen staff.
“Aye, mates, to our left is the camping area. Underneath those wooden structures you could bring yer whole family over and have ye’ a real good time. To the right is the field and the fun house which can be rented for low costs if ye’ have a group over thirty.”
Ben looked back to see if he was captivating the tourists but, only the elderly, driving their scooters, seemed interested.
The group, now five minutes into their tour, was walking on a gravel path between a jagged cliff leading them to the rocky sandstone beach and the life supporting forest which appeared very dry. Ahead of the group was an Arbutus tree that seemed to be growing horizontally out of the cliff. Its peeling, red bark gave it away as the famous local species instantly. Its branches stretched out toward the sea as if the tree were trying to reach for the freedom of the ocean.
“Arbutus trees are only indigenous to British Columbia,” began John, giving Ben, who hadn’t stopped talking since the beginning of the tour a short break. “The bark is peeling to reveal younger bark that has grown underneath the old bark. This is a great spot to take family photos folks so, if you would like to stop-”
“Say it now or forever hold your peace!” Jimmy bounded over to the group with a giant smile on his face.
“What are you doing? Shouldn’t you be with the sea taxi?” asked John in a happy manner.
“Nah, like I said before, Berta will call me when people come. Until then, I thought I might as well walk and talk with two good friends and some new acquaintances.” Jimmy bent down and gave a high five to Timothy who was anxiously waiting to climb the tree.
“Fine. Stay here but you’re not getting paid for this!” Ben began talking then realized he had lost his pirate voice; so he awkwardly yelled “Argh” which lucky for him made the whole group giggle.
Timothy gripped tightly onto the lopsided branches of the arbutus tree, cautiously making his way out above the rocks. Peelings fell like cherry blossoms as he shuffled his feet along the gnarled tree that seemed to glow in the northern sun. The exposed new light green bark glistened gracefully, reflecting light along the sides of the rough untouched rock. Pearly white teeth appeared upon the scene as Timothy posed cutely for a photo.
After a few pictures in front of the tree capturing all of them, they all began to move onto the lumpy, gray beach. The rocks nearest to the water were a darker shade and were intensely slippery. 
Between these rocks was tide pools filled to the brim with sea life. There were brightly colored starfish that were smaller in size compared to the starfish clinging to the dock but, were equally as active and artistic looking. There were petite crabs scuttling playfully across the dangerous open pools only to disappear underneath rocks that would crush any other creature. The crabs were usually the same color as their surroundings; however, Timothy, the most observant of the group, found an albino crab hiding underneath a rock having a pleasant meal of fish tail.  
The well assorted group moved for the most part graciously across the rocks while Ben and the grandparents stayed on the trail watching them. Angela snapped photos rapidly with her fluorescent pink phone at odd angles, since she could not find her balance in her high heels on the uneven slippery rocks. John and Jimmy both thought it was very strange she was taking pictures of everything but nature; however, they didn’t say a word. Timothy, hopped carelessly rock to rock keeping record of every creature that was socializing in the pools until his feet sank into the gravely shore. He looked up to examine his progress when something caught his eye. On a little island of rocks about 30 meters off shore from where he was observing laid a blubbery mammal with finlike arms.
“A sea lion! Look there’s one over there! Quick someone take a picture with me in front of the sea lion!” He then stuck out his chest and did a Superman pose expressing his pride in his discovery. Thomas was hardly paying any attention to the boy but, after noticing the looks he was receiving from the others, he took the picture. 
Everyone was very enthusiastic about the photo knowing how much the boy wanted to see a sea lion, but John felt obligated to break the news.
“I’m sorry kid. It’s a great picture of you, but that’s not a sea lion; it’s a seal…again.”
Timothy’s mood drastically dropped to disappointment and embarrassment. Hanging his head low, he started to walk back towards the trail, heartbroken.
“Hey, would you look at that!” Jimmy cried pointing towards the seal. “It’s got some pups, and ah man they are cute.”
From far away the baby seals look like little speckled growths festering on the mothers back but, as they slid down her belly their cute forms began to take shape. The soft pitter patter of their tiny flippers slapped the slimy rocks lightly as two of them, the bigger ones, began to play fight. A high pitch bark bounced across the waves as the runt of the seal litter flopped over its mother’s blubbery side only to stay attached there and not join the others in playing. Angela moved over and put her rose red lips next to Thomas’s ear and hissed.
“We are going to make a fortune.”
A squeal echoed across the ocean. The origin was unknown but, they found out where the ghostly sound came from soon enough. Soaring above the forest line, flying with its strong wings spread wide was a powerful Bald Eagle. Even from a distance the eagle looked humongous. Every flap of its wing made a sound like a drum beat as it moved majestically through the air. It dove down and gracefully placed itself on a rock in front of the mother seal. Their big brown eyes met and they stared at each other with such intensity, it was as if the world had slowed down to take a picture of the rare moment. The eagle looked away and let out a disturbing caw towards its original direction. Out of the forest came three more eagles, which weren’t as big as the original but, still were breathtakingly large. They followed the same path as the first and extended their yellow claws toward the innocent unsuspecting babies. The three eagles wrapped their sharp scaly feet around the pups and bolted into the air with the small whining seals hanging in their talons howling for their mother. The triad disappeared into the distance, going inland with their new prey held snuggly in their toes. During this whole episode of unlikely events the mother seal and the tallest eagle remained fixed on each other’s eyes. With one forceful flap of its wings, the eagle rose nine feet in the air and moved majestically towards the other island.
The group of humans were still paralyzed, even after the event was over. As the mother seal lowered herself into the water another overwhelming squeal was heard and three more eagles appeared out of the forest and went after the first.
John’s head spun as he searched for a logical explanation but, there was only one idea that stuck in his mind more than all the others. Maybe the eagles are saving the pups from the treachery that will happen to this island in a matter of hours.  John was about to say something methodical when, Ben’s pirate accented voice bellowed across the beach.
“Come on me hardies, there’s lots more to see today! Perhaps we’ll even see some indigenous albino raccoons up in that there forest, there.”
About fifteen minutes later they were surrounded by luscious bountiful plant life. Toppled over nursing logs overflowing with bug infestations were used as a bed for laying eggs for future insect generations. On the back of one of these logs was a plethora of orange fungus that held a shimmering pool of rain drops for the bugs and butterflies to drink from. The trees at some points blocked the sunlight completely, hiding whatever creatures may be watching them as the humans trespassed on their rightful home. Visible paw prints of Vancouver Island wolves lined the pathway in the crumbly brown soil, showing the strategies of how the wolves hunted the night before. The sight was truly beautiful, as a doe and her week old faun trotted pass them in a blinding beam of sunlight and climbed down the ridge to the beach. 
“Captain White Beard! Are the deer going to go play on the beach?” Timothy asked, causing the adults to chuckle to themselves.
“No matey, they be going to Protection Island. Probably to meet up with the young bucks father.” Ben answered cheerfully.
“Does that mean there’s a boat that takes deer across the water?” Jimmy started to howl but, being so young, Timothy was actually serious.
“Nope, deer can swim across the water when it’s calm. Sometimes the tide gets so low the deer just walk across the gap.” Ben finished then realized that wasn’t very pirate like so he awkwardly threw in a “ya’ll”.
Timothy found a good stump to stand on and watched the mother and her baby cross the aisle between the two islands, often looking both ways for boats coming through the channel. Suddenly, the mother deer stopped swimming and began circling around in one spot. Her child didn’t stop paddling towards the dry land and didn’t really take notice that his mother wasn’t behind him. She tossed and turned in the water, splashing frantically while making noises that sounded as if she was in distress.
In the distance, six black curves protruded out of the water then dived back down again. A second later, a spray of water blew into the air as the ocean waves were slapped by the black fin of an orca whale. Whales don’t usually come close to this area but, at this moment, six female whales were barreling straight towards the mother. The suspense was thickening as the pod of females began to circle around both deer very calmly, like a wild cat prowls around its prey. To the spectator’s surprise the mother deer had stopped crying for help and the petite baby deer had ceased moving forward. In the next strange moment, four of the females backed away from the scene only to spin around in a swooping motion and return in pairs charging towards the unmoving black tailed deer. In one awkward and unforgettable moment, the sea mammals had squished the puny land mammals between the pairs. Slapping their thick tales against the water, each pair continued to move forward without letting the orca encased deer’s heads go under water. 
The sight was overwhelming. The sightseers gawked at the living sea craft as it mystically headed towards the main island. The computerized beeping of Angela’s phone interrupted the moment, for she had just shut off the video function indicating that the breath taken group should continue onwards in an extremely disturbed manner.
During the next ten minutes, they had passed an intimidating plateau that lived upstairs to elephant sized pointed rocks which had previously crumbled off the dangerous cliff. At that moment Ben continued spouting facts about the island again. Until then, it had been almost dead quiet, except for the sound of a single bird chirping a happy song deep within the forest. The group were all recollecting and analyzing the sights they had just witnessed.
The two previous events whirled around John’s head as he tried to find the logically correct explanation connecting the peculiar events. Why would a mother allow her children to be swept away? John puzzled upon this thought for only a couple seconds as there was no proper answer. What do eagles have to do with it? It was certainly an odd meeting. There wasn’t really a way that these animals would naturally meet since they hunt independently within their species. Why would a deer trust six water dwelling beasts with her fawn? John’s eyes then began to glisten in realization for his brain had finally made the connection. They’re trying to get as far away from here as possible.
After hiking up a curving hill then trekking down the other side, the tour had brought itself to the center of the island’s problem. Mallard Lake. Yellow caution tape stretched from tree to tree creating an abundance of X shaped borders around the whole area. Between the slits of the crossing tape the murky lake gleamed in the sunshine, reflecting many shades of green on nearby trees. Floating creepily on top of the water were millions of lily pads, all with different traits depicting the hardships they have gone through. Accompanying the pads were little lime green bunches of algae that had built up over time. With the combination of the two, it did not look like there was a lake there at all but more of a botanic garden. 
Ben hobbled over to the twisted yellow tape and stroked its smoothness gently.
“This just happens in nature, mates,” He said solemnly. “Over plantation destroys the lake which once provided a life source for the islands’ wildlife. We used to have otters swim this here lake, but now I’m afraid they’ve been relocated to the Fraser River.” His pirate act was getting pretty old but, he still stayed in character. “Our beaver still swims around, gnawing at the trees but, he soon will be relocated somewhere else to escape the bacteria carried by the rain that has unfortunately grown in the lake. He gazed out at the lake, searching the green horizon for any sign of life but, other than the pesky mosquitoes, there was nothing there.
“So, how much is it exactly to clean the lake?” Thomas popped in, coming back from taking a pee.
“Too much.” replied John unwaveringly. 
“Yes, but if one were to have ‘too much’ money how much would they have to fork up?”
Jimmy, John and Ben all turned and stared at the aristocrats with questioning looks upon their faces.
“Would you like to make a donation?” Jimmy asked excitedly, his eyes filled with hope. “If it’s big enough I’m sure we can get the lake named after you.”
Angela looked at Thomas for support but, he was just as stunned. Telling someone you want to take their beloved land and turn it into real estate while on an island that has animals behaving crazily probably wasn’t the best idea, so Angela just said, “We’ll have to check with our advisor.” and the conversation was dropped.
Chapter 6: The Second Wave of Irregularities
For the remaining hour of the tour the group, (excluding Angela and Thomas who did not wish to talk to the others), got to know each other better while sauntering down the rest of the trail. The older people of course talked the most about their life because they had lived longer.
Angus Benatar, the old scooter riding grandpa, had fought in World War two making him a veteran. Before that he worked as a lumberjack in the wild Canadian north, which was very unbelievable since he now weighs only one hundred and twenty pounds. 
“There was this one time, when our boss had left to go to town, the chaps and I found a straight line of trees all lined up perfectly in a row. So, we got this great idea and began chopping the trees just enough so they wouldn’t fall. The tree standing at the beginning of the line was cut all the way sending it toppling down, knocking over all the trees in a domino effect! Saved us at least twenty minutes per tree. When the last tree hit the ground it unexpectedly started to slide down the hill onto the road below. We all knew right away this was super bad and definitely going to get us caught but, we didn’t expect to see what happened next. We heard this brutal crumbling metal sound so we instantly began running towards the road worried we had hurt someone. When we got there we discovered our boss’s truck had been pinned to a tree by the flat bed. We thought we were fired for sure but, he jumped out of his truck with this big grin on his face. When we asked why he was he laughing he goes, “Because you killed all the beer I just got you.” We all look down to see there were gallons of beer spewing out all over the road! We didn’t have beer for weeks but, it was definitely a great experience.”
He met his wife Onka Onderdonk, at a dance club which he went to in the seventies with his tree chopping buddies. The moment their eyes met they knew there was something special between them. She came from Sweden and, at the time, could only speak Dutch, so, she made her friend translate everything being said between the future couple. In Sweden Onka was a performer. Since a young age she acted in high class stage productions and danced in many ballets and theater shows. She came to Canada to perform with an eccentric travelling circus act when she met Angus.
“The bearded lady and I were very good friends but, I couldn’t stand the rest of the carnies that hung around. The only reason I stayed was for the adrenaline rush as I was lifted up into the air in a huge white ring hanging high above the awestruck crowd, doing death defying tricks to the sound of peaceful music.”
The two of them were hitched a few months after first meeting in a petite white chapel that looked out towards the ocean. Onka decided to stay in Canada and she acted at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre in Vancouver. They had four children, two girls and two boys, all of which had four children of their own except Timothy’s father who just had Timothy.
Timothy attends Langley Meadows Elementary school which is a few minutes away from his house. He has a passion for music and wants to perform on stage like his grandma or be a lawyer since that’s what his mom wants him to do.
Ben Finnegan, has lived next to the sea his whole life. He told many fishermen’s tales during the next hour about fishing with his majestic boat “The Robin” which sported a red hull.
“There was this one time, way back when, where I sailed her from Vancouver Island, all the way to Alaska just so I could see an iceberg! I touched one too! Dropped my anchor into the depths of the sea and leaped off me boat into the freezing water and swam up to this monstrous piece of ice that had a nice space at the base to sit on. It was more cold than ye’ could ever imagine but, I survived and got to do something most of you never had the chance to do.”
Jimmy Marley Jr., is a twenty nine year old who dropped out of college during his second year in becoming a doctor to play for the BC Lions football team. Unfortunately, that dream like most sport dreams didn’t work out as planned and now he drives the sea taxi back and forth every day. Many people ask him if he’s related to the famous singer who shares his surname but, he honestly does not know because he grew up in an orphanage. That doesn’t dampen his spirit though; he is literally one of the nicest people you can ever meet.
Then there is John, the aboriginal representative for his nation at just thirty, who has a secret liking for cowboy hats which he admitted to during the walk. 
“I love watching the old Western movies. They were always so entertaining.”
He is single and lives with his family on their gorgeous acreage of land by the water side. John’s dream, before negotiating things for his nation’s people, was to win the lottery and buy a farm to live on in peace and tranquility.
Getting to know each other was very helpful in the scheme of things. Very soon they will need each other for survival.
After the long tour the group decided to eat in the main building. Timothy proudly ordered food for his grandparents, which was the first time he ordered food all by himself. Thomas and Angela sat three tables down from them, licking away at their no fat ice creams while whispering harshly back and forth. Jimmy, John and Ben returned to the staff room talking privately amongst themselves.
"When you guys want to leave the island give me a holler." instructed Jimmy with a smile as he closed the staff room door behind him.
***
Timothy played with the cheese on his poutine for a while before eating it. His mind was elsewhere at the moment, thinking about what his mother and father were facing. He remembered going to Hawaii with them, trying to surf for the first time ending with him tumbling into the water. His parents swam over, pulled him out of the blue water, and embraced him between the two of them while laughing and telling him how amazing he did for his first time. They were so happy but, that will never happen again now that they are divorcing. The worst part is they don't believe he is old enough to handle it, so they leave him in the dark unknowing that he knows.
"What's going to happen to me when my parent’s divorce?" asked Timothy aloud once silence permeated the table.
His grandparents looked at each other and seemed to talk to each other through their eyes. When their short discussion was finished they turned around to face the question.
"We don't know" said his grandfather sheepishly.
"I'm so sick and tired of hearing that! That's all you ever say! Mom and Dad do it too whenever I ask a serious question. If I'm asking, I obviously want a real answer, not 'I don't know'." To his grandparents this outburst was remotely expected but, to the two conniving aristocrats sitting 3 tables down it sent a cell phone flying into the air. It fell to the floor and the screen received a huge crack, twisting diagonally from one corner to the other.
"You brat!" yelled Thomas as he picked up his phone.
"We'll pay for that." said the grandma cautiously as if she knew the man was going to make a nasty retort.
"Like you have the money." He squinted in frustration at the family and then sat down to continue his conversation.
The retort wasn't as bad as she had expected. In fact, it didn't affect her at all. She contently whipped out her phone which was exactly identical to his and began playing a very loud game to be sure to catch his attention.
The ice cream was freezing cold but, not cold enough to lower the temperature of Angela's heart. That peculiar tour only made her want this island more. She reached into her bedazzled bag and picked out her glimmering phone. After a few clicks she turned the phone around to face Thomas.
"What's this?" asked Thomas as he examined the picture of an eagle clutching a baby seal.
"It's our new symbol for our real estate agency." she grinned gruesomely. "Let's not use your uncle’s agency; let's just do it ourselves. It only needs to be the two of us, that way we get more profit."
"That's perfect! I'll open a new bank account right now!" he pulled out his black phone and, before he could unlock it, Timothy suddenly began to yell at his grandparents across the room causing Thomas, out of shock, to fling his phone into the disturbed air. It crashed to the floor leaving a highly noticeable crack stretching from corner to corner.
"You brat!" Thomas bent down to pick it up as the old woman across the room called out in her high pitch innocent voice.
"We'll pay for that."
He looked up and felt a fire build up inside him.
"Like you have the money" and he sat down still fuming from the outburst and the loss of his phone.
"So, I guess you will have to use your phone to create the account." He said as he heard annoying little noises arising from the grandma’s phone behind him.
***
John, Jimmy and Ben were all recollecting upon the last tour as they watched the humming TV. They didn't even lift a finger when they heard the problems arise in the next room. The silence between them was so empty even air couldn't pass through it. Jimmy felt bad for not believing John but, didn't want to say anything. He was afraid of causing problems with his boss, Ben, who as friendly as he is, he is still his boss. Ben felt insecure about the situation; he kept looking for a logical and completely reasonable explanation for what they all just experienced but, he kept stumbling over what John had said earlier. John appeared to be paranoid, constantly jerking his neck around to see if something unusual was behind him or beside him.
Breaking the silence he whispered quite shakily, "Should we evacuate the island now?" He raised his eye brow at his friends who just looked away.
"Nah man, if we leave now I won't get to finish the rest of my show." Jimmy made a gesture to the TV which was broadcasting a squad of police chasing a criminal.
“Are you serious?” John stood up, outraged by the previous statement. “All the anomaly’s that occurred today and you still don’t believe anything huge is about to happen! We need to leave now before things get worse.”
“Calm down John.” Ben was standing now and talking in his regular voice but, still had a bit of pirate grammar lurking about his words. “I’ll admit that nature today was a little odd but, nature is odd. Think about it-”
“I don’t need to think about it, I know many strange spectacles that happen or are caused by nature and this is bigger than all of them. You two have no idea what we will be dealing with.” John staggered back a bit, then after a long glance at the cold floor he said, “It will be us against the island.”
“All this information you’re spitting out is based on a hypothesis. There is no need to jump to any conclusion about the wellbeing of the island and those who stand upon it.” Ben was a lot more relaxed now however, he still made John feel like an infant.
“While you pretend that nothing’s going to happen I’m taking a row boat and some guests and leaving ASAP!” John spat as his face red face lit up the room.
Not a moment passed between the time it took the words to finish rolling out of his mouth to the event that happened next. There was a thunderous boom that propelled from the roof of the building as straggly brown claws tore it to shreds in wide ridged stretches. Boards and shingles rained down into the small room knocking over the men and almost burying them completely in rubbish. The building still shook even after the attack, shivering with fright.
Jimmy struggled to lift a large plank off himself as it suffocated him under its heavy mass. His muscles ached and burned as he lifted the plank off and threw it onto more planks that had fallen. He stood up out of breath and noticed the disaster as he caught it. Gnarled branches the size of grown men protruded out of the far from fixable floor like ghastly fingers reaching out to harm him. Snapped and cracked panels laid in odd positions all over the destroyed room. Jimmy’s hand twitched as a hollow cry for help slithered through the mess. Spinning around almost robotically, Jimmy began to dig and push his way through the debris, desperately trying to find the source of the cry within the transformed room. His fingers began to bleed when he discovered John withering in pain beneath a pile of sharp shingles. John’s eyes reflected the troubled sky and the jagged hole that now resided in the ceiling.  
“Where’s Ben?” John croaked as he suddenly realized Ben had not yet been found. 
They both shot up and quickly found where Ben was buried for he was swinging his shiny peg leg wildly in the air while ruffled brutal swears emitted from beneath it.
Once Ben was free, without showing the slightest bit of gratitude, he rushed out the door into the restaurant crazily muttering more obscenities to himself.  His eyes searched the lifeless restaurant rapidly, as he discovered that all the guests had disappeared.  
Jimmy peered through the cracked windows in curiosity to find what hit them. The windows had not shattered completely but, had long lighting like cracks that formed brilliant spider webs across the glass surface. His eyes bulged as they noticed a thirty foot evergreen tree with roots and most the branches still attached, lying next to the building. What could have thrown that? Jimmy’s heart and mind raced for an explanation. Could it have been the wind? Jimmy knew the wind had been very subtle today but, when he continued to look around his eyes caught the sight of the angry outer world. 
John was hollering “hello?” into the kitchen where the stove was still on and the pots were boiling over. Nobody was in there either. With one concerned look shot from John, the obnoxious thumping sound of Ben’s peg leg rang throughout the room as he waddled hastily out the front doors where a preposterous sight took his breath away.
The mischievous wind blew in every direction possible in forceful gusts that could knock a semi-truck over. The sky was a dark gray with an overcast of thick purple clouds that swirled and churned above the landscape like a ravenous dragon hungry and ready to chomp into dinner. The ocean was the same unusual colour of purple that the clouds wore, with seven meter waves that were at the mercy of the atrocious controlling wind. They curled and smashed into one another causing extreme water explosions all over the place. The commercial ships that were once scattered amongst the harbour were either sinking into the violet abyss or had sunk already. The humans watched in awe as two old military looking boats collided with each other, forcing the less dense of the boats down into the depths like tectonic plates at a divergent boundary. The shorelines of the islands were too dangerous to approach for the waves were smashing over top of them, engulfing the rocks with their fury.
The only sounds that could be heard were intensely frightening. The wind squealed as it carried many small whistling objects that pelted the frightened listeners. The waves made wispy noises after the booming crashes when they hit something. The trees swayed with the rogue wind, producing creaking and heart-stopping crackling.
The noise they all heard, the sound that made them all stop dead in their tracks as shivers crept invisibly all over their bodies, was the demon like heckles beckoning from the far side of the island. The screams bounced off walls and trees, penetrating the eardrums of all who heard it. The wind created a whispering effect as it carried the demonic cackles, making it seem like the devil was chanting right into one’s ear.
The group stood paralyzed, trapped inside amongst the satanic madness, so overwhelmed with emotion they almost didn’t show any at all. Jimmy started tumbling towards were the sea taxi once sat frantically bellowing above the chaotic sounds, “Let’s get out of here!” Ben picked him up by his shirt, holding the tall man off the ground as he raised his voice over the howling wind. “It’s too late, we need shelter.” 
“What about the restaurant?” asked Thomas, seeing if he could assist in this life threatening situation. Close to them another full tree landed on the ground with a tremendous ground breaking thud, almost squishing Angela flat.
“It’s too close to the trees and the water level is rising too fast!” Ben made a good point, but considering the island is covered in trees it would be challenging to find a spot without them.
“Let’s try the campsites.” John waved his arm in the direction. “It will be cold but, we will be covered.”
At the time it seemed that it was the only way to stay alive. The cover over the benches would protect them from falling branches hopefully and being able to sit would help them from not falling at every gust of wind. The group began weaving like drunks, receiving cuts and bruises as organic debris slashed at their skin.  The campsites were about a minute away, which would be the longest minute any of them had ever endured. About fifteen seconds into moving they all began clinging to the elderly people’s scooters to keep themselves stable however, this didn’t alleviate the pain.  
“Where did the cooking staff go?” Ben questioned the old man, trying to distract himself from his own pain stricken body.
“That lady, Berta, took them on her sea taxi before the storm got this bad. It came out of nowhere. She was going to come back for us.” Upon hearing the struggled words, Jimmy grabbed his hand radio out of his pocket and tried contacting Berta. There was only static. Berta and the full cooking staff were gone.
The group’s hearts were lifting as the campsite came officially in sight. It was swinging compulsively back and forth but, it was still predominantly intact. Jimmy released his tight grip from the old woman’s scooter and grasped the structures beam which was definitely a lot weaker than it appeared. The whole thing began tipping towards the side opposite of him, eventually detaching itself from the concrete and completely flipping over in a stray, wooded mess. Jimmy was thrown with it, landing with a roll before it completely collapsed. The last one adjacent to the fallen began to lean with an attention alerting creak. Jimmy seemed frozen with fear as the towering structure began toppling towards him as if it were a hand ready to capture his soul. Angela’s scream awoke him from his frightened daze and at the last second he dove out of the way, lying a foot away from the warped structure. In a matter of seconds, they had lost another form of shelter.
“Great, what now!” John exclaimed before dodging a rogue branch.
“I’ll tell you what now! We’re going back!” Angela spat as she began stumbling towards the building with Thomas hot on her heels.
“You can’t! You won’t-” John began but, there was no use for they were already too far away to hear, flailing their appendages in the harsh wind to dodge the airborne objects that were bombing them.
The weather continued to bully the earth with a mischievous grin. No regret was felt as it tossed matter around, seeming as if the world was on a tilt-a-whirl that was covered in knifes and swords. To make things worse, the orchestra of hellish sounds was louder than before. The ground rattled with every vicious call for blood. The air seemed thicker when growls were heard between the screams of whatever ungodly creatures were creating that dreadful sound. 
Yet, human stupidity knows no limits. The suspicious group seemed drawn towards the ridge that leads to the beach. John and Jimmy walked like zombies ahead of everyone else as pine needles torrentially rained down upon them. They crossed the patch that separated the once peaceful rock beach from the once stable campsite and stopped dead in their tracks, as if they were being petrified by what disturbing sight lay below them. 
Timothy was more anxious to see what ghoul was making that god awful sound, then earlier today when he desperately wanted to see a sea lion. He broke from his grandfather’s tight grip and caught up to the two idiotic men. 
Together, at the edge of the cliff, they looked upon an ocean of snarling, fighting and howling sea lions. The rocks were smeared with the blood that leaked from the wounds of the nine hundred beasts that were making the demonic chatter. Their jagged canines swung with the rock hard heads of the insane animals in a display of ferocity. Some were biting and slapping other mounds of flesh around them; others were just barking into the sky possessed by whatever cruel soul had taken over their blubbery bodies and many were immersed in the purple water, struggling to stay alive in the harsh waves. The one sight that stood out and burrowed a permanent hole for fear to stay in their hearts, were the bright red soulless eyes that occupied the sockets of the satanic predators.
“Well kid, there’s your sea lions…” Jimmy choked.
Chapter 7: They’ve Chosen to Run for Their Lives
Jimmy picked up Timothy and bolted towards the forest with John hot on his heels. The elderly were already headed in the same direction with Ben riding on the back of the grandfather’s rattling scooter. The decision to escape to the forest for safety wasn’t a well thought out plan since the storm was still raging wildly through the ripped apart forestry causing gnarled branches the size of full grown men to fall recklessly to the ground. However, between having a branch pin you down and crush your vital organs and being eaten alive by hundreds of mutilating, bloody monsters making disturbing hellish howls, the forest option seemed like a more reasonable way to die.  
The trail into the woods stretched along the cliff that was raised above the beach which presently seemed like the mouth of hell. Gravel was being kicked up and sprayed as the elders’ scooters raced down the dangerous aisle. Their tires skidded as they constantly swerved around fallen branches and trunks of trees that couldn’t withstand the seemingly malicious winds. Jimmy, who was carrying Timothy, had so much adrenaline driven by fear he was bounding over the huge debris with his frail, skinny legs.
 John was suffering behind everyone else for he could not go as fast as the others. The malicious swarm of pine needles were shooting at him from all directions causing a cloud of shooting pain. He could not see very far ahead of him in the haze of stinging pines, so he closed his eyes to avoid permanent blindness. It was like running into thousands of tacks in the night, aimlessly moving forward, inflicting more harm. John found himself suddenly face first on the forest floor, tripped by an unforeseen log that was rolling down the path. In the midst of the scar inflicting poking he tried opening his eyes just in time to reveal his next challenge.
In an enormous blast of green and orange needles and splinters of light brown bark, a giant sea lion smashed through a fallen tree in a fit of rage. It stretched nine meters from the belly to the torn off stub of the tail and stood about three meters tall. Its head swung violently up in the air as it let out a menacing roar that shook the earth around it. It then lowered its rock hard head down to John’s current level and began inching forward threateningly with a toothy snarl on its scared face and a low victorious growl growing from its stomach. John was paralyzed by the experience, staring directly in the blood coloured eyes of the beast as it lunged towards him with fatal intentions. Its jaw snapped open just before reaching John, showing off the deranged creatures jagged teeth and revolting smelling breath as the sea lion let out another breathtaking roar a few short inches from his face. Its neck began to curl back like a cobra’s and it was apparent the predator was about to devour its prey. John braced himself, gripping the branch he had pinned himself to and once again closed his eyes to hide from the terrifying image forming before him. All he heard next was a deafening thud, crackling of branches, and another demonic squeal. 
He took a second to replay the sounds in his head before opening his eyes at the touch of a familiar hand. Ben pulled him up and shoved him in the right direction away from the barely avoided murder seen. The scooter whizzed beside him and he could now connect what he missed. The grandfather and Ben had turned around and rammed the sea lion in the neck while it was in a vulnerable position. The quick action caused it to fall on its side and roll down the small cliff which it had previously climbed up. There was no time for thanking the two heroes for more trouble was already brewing ahead.
***
Jimmy just barely jumped out of the way as Angus and Ben’s scooter turned abruptly around for something that didn’t seem important at the time. He was still launching down the rugged trail like a toy rocket on steroids with Timothy clinging on his back like a baby squirrel monkey does to its mother. He turned his head to the left towards the forest being destroyed by the thrashing winds to make sure the old lady was still riding next to him. He felt safe with her there. Even though she was thin and wrinkled with snow white curly hair and couldn’t really save him from something that could potentially kill him, she still provided a bizarre form of comfort. Jimmy turned his focus forward, catching a glimpse of something shocking in his peripherals. Wait, I didn’t just see that. He coaxed himself into believing the image was just his imagination. He looked directly in the direction of the beach but, the bushes were being moved so much by the wind it was impossible to get a clear shot. He kept running, noticing the silence that had fallen across the earth and praying that his eyes were just playing a cruel trick on him. Finally he reached a break in the greenery, revealing the true horror that awaited him. 
The eight foot cliff was the only obstacle that stood between them, and the thousands of blank-staring, glowing, red eyes that looked right at them. The demented sea lions had stopped fighting amongst themselves and all were now locked on their new targets. Them. 
 The stoic sea lions remained in this outrageously chilling state for what seemed to be an eternity when suddenly, they all rushed the cliff in unison. Hundreds of blood soaked mouths were lunging towards the puny humans, hungry for some fresh flesh. The paranormal sounds still rang from their vibrating vocal chords making the nape of the humans’ necks tingle from the creepiness of the tones.
There was no time to waste. Jimmy’s heart skipped beats as he sprinted like he had never sprinted before. He glanced back momentarily to see where the rest of the men were and caught them just as they were realizing the seriousness of the situation. John’s face had turned stark white and he picked up his pace even more than his already insane speed. Ben began hitting the grandpa with his hat demanding him to speed up but, the scooter was at max speed.
It was a race that would be unlikely won by the humans. They had to run perpendicular to their blood thirsty opponents, who in addition had to go a shorter distance, and break through the soaring blankets of pine needles. The sweat poured down their faces as their bodies took the most pressure they’ve ever had to endure. The trail began moving upwards and the beach seemed to get lower but, the terrifying sea lions wall of horror was not broken by a simple raise of a rocky sharp cliff. Heads began to rise up and take gluttonous nips at the innocent groups ankles. Soon necks were forming and were swinging violently with thick veins protruding through the dense, torn skin. Ripped flippers were slapping against the gravel, hauling a full ton of weight over the cliff side. The humans’ efforts looked pathetic compared to this display of utter determination for blood. 
The bipedal group was pushed up against the side of the trail, trapped in a brutal crossfire of flying sharp objects and one ton residents of hell. Onka could see safety relaxing teasingly ahead. The cliff began to get too steep for the sea lions to shuffle up and therefore would be the finish line. Jimmy was the closest to it. He was a person’s length away when a smaller but still mighty sea lion plopped its full body onto the trail heavily and let out a defiant bark of doom. 
There was a split second of a feeling of loss which engulfed Jimmy. The game appeared lost and surely death would soon accompany the loss, stealing them all away in its cold bony hands of sadness. 
Jimmy was about to slow down and allow the twisted minded monsters to win the game with the prize of his flesh and blood. Then he took a very awkward step forward as he tried to decelerate which ended up having remarkable timing. With this motion he just barely missed being struck by what saved their lives. 
The torn apart forest’s slightly elevated ground crumpled under the force of the wind, pushing down a shaved evergreen tree. It toppled helplessly onto the trail landing on the smaller sea lion’s right shoulder, pinning it to the ground. Jimmy stomped on the whelping sea lions back and glided over the tree trunk smoothly.
He and Timothy were safe. Upon landing in the safe area Jimmy felt as if he were walking on a heavenly cloud. Thanks to Jimmy they were too high up on the trail for the sea lions to reach them. Jimmy collapsed to the ground in a fit of joyous laughter, pounding his fist into the ground in celebration. The world had spared him and at that moment he felt he was king. A gentle tap on the shoulder was all it took to chase the happiness away, as a worried Timothy looked into his dark brown eyes and choked. 
“What about Nana and Grandpa?”
Chapter 8: Marine Mammal Massacre
Thomas and Angela sat quietly in the restaurant, looking quite misplaced.  Amongst the destruction that surrounded them they sat very tranquilly; not providing the slightest attention to the devastation that lay scattered all around. The antiques and artifacts that once hung peacefully on the walls and rafters now lay shattered on the chilling wooden floor. Though the wind still blew strongly, most of the trees surrounding the restaurant had been stripped bare of their branches and were hardly a threat to the two content aristocrats. An odd branch would still smack into the building but, it was less harmful now.
Thomas was scrolling compulsively on Angela’s phone since his device had been broken earlier that day, when he fell upon something that spiked his curiosity. 
“Angela, I was just reading my horoscope and it-”
“I don’t want to hear it!” She snapped moodily. “You know I don’t believe in that crap.”
“But it’s really accurate sometimes!” Thomas insisted. “Listen to this: Today you will pay for the sins you’ve committed that you never owned up for. In an ironic way the earth, stars and people around you will make you suffer the consequences of your bad actions and decisions.” Thomas paused as he further pondered the words. “Do you think maybe the reason this terrible storm is happening is because of what we did in Tswwassen?”
Angela didn’t even blink an eyelash before her ignorant retort spewed out of her self-conceded mouth.
“No, that’s absolutely ridiculous darling. We did that for money and the earth loves money.”
“How do you know the earth loves money?” Thomas sneered.
“Well the earth makes trees, so we, the superior humans, can make paper to print boat loads of cash. Plus, you and I both can agree money runs the world and the earth is a big part of this world, so it has to love money.” Angela leaned back a bit and almost fell off her chair with pride in her seemingly intelligent argument.
“But, money causes-” Thomas began but, Angela grasped his hands lovingly.
“Let’s not fight anymore darling; it never ends well.” Angela sighed in her most graceful voice. Thomas wasn’t listening. He was peering over her shoulder staring awestruck at the window.
“What is it darling?” Angela spun around to see water rising outside the windows.
Thomas bolted towards the front doors which were just beginning to allow water to pour in, and slammed them shut. Then, with a frantic mask covering his once uncaring face, he found a historic mining track piece out of the museum section of the building and slid it in between the handles completely sealing the door shut. When he returned to the restaurant, the water had risen almost a foot more than before. Angela stood frozen in the center of the room, her red outfit standing out against the rising green water. Suddenly, a tight grip began clenching her arm strong enough to stop the blood circulation as Thomas dragged her up on top of the table.  
“Get up to the rafters! It’s the only way.” demanded Thomas, his eyes emitting a fearful gaze as he shoved her up onto the dusty beams.
After hauling himself up, they both stood awkwardly on the rafters listening intently to the strident creaking noise that was rattling the whole building. It echoed through the hallways in a mysterious manner, taunting the two aristocrats in wonderment of what the noise could be. Their heads turned slowly towards each other revealing their expressions of anticipation and fear for whatever was coming next. 
Water was now covering the entire previously cracked window when the first chip finally fell out of place. It was no bigger than a minor windshield chip, sliding so naturally out of place, but causing so much harm.  Rapidly water busted in through the first window, followed by the breaking of many others as gallons of water poured unwaveringly into the restaurant. Flowing harshly through the openings like flood gates opening at a dam, the water began to flood the inside of the building at an intensely alarming rate. Angela and Thomas clung to the centre beam praying they don’t fall into the swirling mess below.
Thomas watched as the water level rose nonstop towards them, promptly revealing their impending doom. A cowardly lump grew in his throat after realizing the water level was already above the table tops were they once ate. His tearing eyes scanned for an escape route when he noticed a bulky grey shape gliding by the floor. He tracked it as if he were mesmerized by its appearance, as it swiftly moved across the room where it met with another one which was being followed by another one that looked exactly the same as the others. Thomas realized what they were…harbour seals.
A small dog like head popped out of the dark green water and glared up at them with its pure black eyes fixed into theirs. Clipped to its ear was a small white plastic tag that clearly read in dark eerie writing “Tswwassen”. It dove under the now person height water and began splashing the water around vigorously. Angela began to panic even more than before, squealing and shrieking at every drop of splashed up water.
“What if the water doesn’t stop rising?” She quivered, as her hands shook over her vile mouth. “We’ll be eaten alive by those filthy animals!”
The thought struck Thomas’s pessimistic mind like poisoned arrow, spreading negativity throughout his thinking process making it unbearable to figure out a way to live.
“The water will stop soon!” cried Thomas desperately, as he tried to inspire confidence in not only her, but himself too.
Unexpectedly, a wave of water forcefully flushed out of the hallway as the front doors exploded open. The water which was building up under them became very disturbed and splashed high enough to touch their shivering feet. The water rose vastly quicker with the unstoppable flow from the front door, now officially engulfing the smoky kitchen with bacteria filled water. Pots and pans began floating up on the surface of the rough water along with other kitchen utilities that shall never be used again. A confident seal slunk cockily past the doomed aristocrats, shooting them a thuggish glare as it carried a long serrated knife in his mouth.
Just as alarming as the doors bursting open, a spray of water gushed from the corner of the room behind them. They both swung around; their faces ashen and their eyes bulged so big they almost popped right out of their sockets.
“What- was-” Angela panted before being interrupted by another fountain like spray that erupted a foot away from them.
 A tall black blade headed straight towards them in a slow creeping manner. They helplessly stood still as statues while the meter high dark object cut through the water. As it neared closer to them they held their breath as if by holding their breath protected them from the shadowed beast before them. For a moment it appeared that it was going to strike the beam but, it submerged back into the flood as another black thing rose from the mysterious depths. This one was much wider and also curved which finally identify the creatures to the hopeless aristocrats.
Two orca whales had just entered the building, their dorsal fins protruded out of the four meter high water projecting heckling cackles at the humans. The male, with the straight fin of course, continued to charge at them threateningly and more aggressively each time while the female, with the curved fin, pierced their ears with high pitch squeals.
The rising water was now a dangerously hellish mess. The sea mammals’ fins were flicking up strong waves of water while intimidating barks and squeals crept from within the animals souls. Kitchen equipment was being smacked around and also flung into the air by tails of the upset orcas and to continue  making matters worse the water continued rising with the same consistency as before.
Thomas, who was overwhelmed by the whole situation, luckily heard the whistling sound barreling towards his head and ducked before a waffle iron could strike him off the beam. There was nothing to say. Nothing to do. Except one thing he had wanted to do for a very long time.
“Angela,” he said as he got down on one knee and whipped out a little black box. “I’ve wanted to do this since the moment I met you; and since we are about to die anyway,” He opened the box to reveal the breath taking ring, uttering the classic cliché. “Will you marry me?”
Angela placed her hand on her chest as her facial expression changed from terrified to surprise in a blink of an eye. The golden ring contained a cluster of diamonds that were welded into the shape of a master diamond with little Latin writing wrapped around the outside of this twenty thousand dollar ring. 
“I will.” She gasped without thinking as she began to reach for the expensive ring.
As if those words had triggered a trap, a flying fish flew out of the water and knocked the ring out of Thomas’s hand, sending it flying into the water. Thomas feebly stretched out his hands to catch the ring but, was too late. The ring was gone.
Angela felt her knees drop like sacks of flour onto the moist beam and belted out a scream of disbelief. Her eyes filled with tears when she realized she was kneeling in the water which had now gone over the beam and was touching just above Thomas’s ankles. He looked down at her in disbelief, his mouth gaping open when a powerful wave carrying a hollow metal pot struck him directly in the left side of his face. He toppled over into the water, and never resurfaced.
Angela stood alone against the cruel forces of the rioting world around her; a destructive woman facing destructive forces. She spun around rapidly on her high heels, showing the many ill symptoms of a panic attack as she screamed distraughtly for her new fiancé. More horror unfolded around her as nature finally was able to get pay back for the crimes she has committed.  The revenge seeking mammals began to circle around their frightened prey, creating an indoor whirlpool of horror for our criminal mistress.  The tables were uprooted from where they once sat, uncontrollably spinning around with the strong force of the current, along with the sharp pointed antiques. Out of the corner of her devilish eye, Angela caught a glimpse of the knife wielding seal drifting on top of a table. She placed her full attention on it and with that motion it lunged at her. It did not reach the wooden plank but, her response was to take a step back, a fateful move. Her high heel of her right stiletto slipped off the beam tipping her backwards unstably. The male killer whale had its mouth wide open in mid-cackle when the snobby sobbing woman stumbled right into its tearing sharp teeth. 
The earth became just a bit safer.
Chapter 9: Revisiting The Dead Lake 
The grandma’s tires skidded to a stop, bumping the wallowing pinned down sea lion in the head. She turned her head quickly towards the blood-bathed beach and to her surprise discovered one of the most deformed sea lions she had seen yet was towering right beside her.
Its foaming mouth was torn open at the side, giving it the appearance that it was giving an evil smirk. Bubbly drool flowed down to the ground in long stretches of slime, making an ever changing pool of white liquid that leaked out of the gapping face injury. It’s jaw was shifting compulsively back and forth, supporting some jagged cracked teeth that were stained crimson with blood. Its stark red eyes stared down at her with eerie determination and a lust for killing. It had gashes all over its mangled body and its muscles were contorted from the awkward unnatural movements it had made while fighting. Bone was being disgustingly exposed from the left flipper, looking like slender toes belonging to a different mammal. Altogether this mutilated being that stood before her with crooked posture was very much alive and intensely psychotic in its terrifying display of behaviour.
It cocked back its bruised head with its remaining teeth barred and struck the old ladies scooters steering column with enough force to send her flying to the ground with the overturned scooter pinning her to the ground.
There was only a moment of unconsciousness when she awoke to those soul piercing eyes hovering above her, the shattered teeth followed behind them, ready to finish her off. She let out a blood curdling scream as she pictured what she was certain to happen next. Luckily for her it didn’t.
Her husband dutifully came to the rescue by smashing his scooter right into the monsters already damaged ribs, propelling Ben over the scene and behind the log of safety. The sea lion swung its head backwards wildly, just barely missing the old man’s face by a centimetre, and accidentally smacked another sea lion that was waiting to join in on the fun. The echoing thump of the two beasts’ bony heads colliding sent crawling sensations down the humans’ bodies. The second sea lion growled in outrage, a daring invitation to fight for their scrumptious human prize. In spontaneously they locked jaws, trying to twist each other’s necks to the point of breakage. 
 John saw the opportunity while the closest sea lions were distracted and threw the old woman’s scooter over to Ben on the other side of the fallen tree. He then attended to the elderly woman, lifting her up to a standing position but, she crippled over to her right side in agonizing pain. Her fragile leg had been broken when she was thrown off her scooter. In order to save her, John knew he had to carry her out of there. He glance up to see the two sea lions were still duelling maliciously, he shifted his eyes to the right to see the squished sea lion was intently nipping at one of the other creatures tails, and when he turned his head to his left he knew instantly they had to make their escape for dozens of demonic sea lions were barrelling down the path right towards them.
John threw the old woman over his shoulder and bolted towards the log of safety were he passed the grandma over to Jimmy. Just before jumping over himself, he was slapped by a fin of the squashed sea lion sending him toppling over the top of its exposed back. John did not hesitate for half a millisecond before leaping back up and rolling over the log escaping the dangerous situation a second before it became fatal. 
Finally he had reached the safe zone, now stumbling over to the rest of the celebratory group.  At least, what he thought was the rest of the group. There was still one person who hadn’t made it over the log yet, and that person was Angus. 
John spun around to witness thirteen sea lions surrounding the elderly man. They were snarling and inching closer to the seemingly defenceless old man ready to split the kill unevenly between one another. The tension was growing and time’s humorous side was beginning to show as the world spun in slow motion. 
Suddenly, slashing through the air was the hilt of a cane, heroically shining in the midst of evil. It swooped down and began knocking the heads of the sea lions with incredible force for such a slim object. The surprise made some of the sea lions abruptly stop dazed and confused creating the perfect opportunity for the old man to flee the scene. The scooter bumped into the log and helpful hands began dragging up the grandpa and his scooter just in time for the haze of shock to wear off on the demented creatures.
The fortunate humans were officially regrouped but, their celebration was quite short. They now rushed to the plateau they had visited earlier when the island was peaceful and the animals weren’t trying to kill them, to completely get away from the chaos that covered the beach.
 Pine needles still stung their bodies as emaciated trees shed their last branches. The wind was less harsh than before but, it still was knocking them over. Timothy stopped abruptly, noticing the stump he sat on once before to watch the deer cross the channel. It was buried beneath dozens of sticks and about a billion pine needles but, it’s reddish bark still glowed beneath the tree products. This sighting brought everyone’s attention to how different the landscape looks compared to just a few hours ago. Bushes and trees had been uprooted and blown to a variety of places, the colourful fungus lay squashed and ripped to shreds around the pathway, the luscious green colour had transformed into a dark blackish shade and, the most eye catching change was the increased amount of animal prints that surrounded everything.
Fumbling the entire way up the path, the group eventually reached their destination of the plateau’s deadly high cliffs. They all stayed far away in fear the wind would sweep them off the jagged cliff but, John felt a controlling yearning to see what monstrosities were lingering below at the rocky bottom of the plateau.
About fifty feet down where the ground was usually found, an insane scene had taken over the once brown shattered rocks. Instead, painted red water vigorously splashed against the rocks in a symphony of terror. The blood from the beach had drained into the bay causing this disturbing spectrum that will be cemented into John’s brain forever. Even the cliffs where the waves were hitting were stained a dark red colour that reeked of the salty smell of blood. 
Without warning, a firm hand pushed back upon John’s chest, stopping him from moving forward. The group had come to a standstill as they were blocked by four white balls of fur standing across the trail in a line. Four albino raccoons sat calmly in a row staring up at the humans with their little innocent beady red eyes. 
“I’ll be damned.” Ben gasped for he had only ever seen one of the island’s strangely skin-pigmented racoons in his whole touring career. 
He began lowering to one knee while making supposedly soothing, clicking noises with his mouth as he tried to attract one of them. The human group just watched quietly as these harmless, small critters analyzed whether or not they should go greet the old sailor or not. 
John suddenly became distracted by the unique tapping of raccoon feet in the trees to their left. Another raccoon sat up in a tree but, this one was not the same as the other ones. It’s white fur was raised and dirty, it’s eyes were squinted at the nose line and drool drizzled out its mouth as it caught sight of the tasty human chew toys.
John immediately looked down at Ben, who had one of the other raccoons approaching his out stretched hand when John belted out.
“Rabies!”
As if on cue, the racoon nearest to Ben began contorting with the others into disturbing, snarling, ugly creatures. Ben didn’t have a sufficient period of time to get up before the snarling raccoon leaped onto him, beginning to attack. Ben started to roll towards the edge of the plateau trying to contain the racoon, preventing it from scratching and biting him.
The raccoon in the tree lunged its puffed up body at the grandparents and their grandson with its flesh ripping teeth exposed, craving to bite into anything. It’s attempt was stopped by a mighty fist to the cheek thrown by Jimmy causing it to tumble to the ground. Without taking time to recover it proceeded to attack alongside the others.
Ben was about to plummet off the cliff with the evil gremlin locked in his arms when John jumped on his back. The extra weight squished the racoon into the ground leaving only a shifting growling mouth exposed under Ben’s left shoulder close to John’s face. The white bubbling foam was being splattered all over them as the creature summoned for reinforcements. Padded feet were felt clawing into John’s back as an ally racoon tried to clamp down on the nape of John’s neck. John spun around and hit the racoon’s whole body with one strong swing of his arm. The racoon went flying off the edge of the plateau, no longer a problem in this terrifying equation.
Now they had to expose of the one beneath them so they could help the others. With little discussion, they both rolled over to their right so the racoon could be shoved off the cliff and it did exactly that with very little force. The two men sat still watching the plateaus rim intently to be certain the raccoon fell all the way when suddenly its red eyes reappeared onto the scene more vibrant than ever.  Ben retracted out his peg leg, dangling the evil creature by its teeth over the edge of the plateau as it fought to nibble on his skin. It rapidly chewed on the end of his peg leg and wiggled frantically as it tried to save itself from the extraordinary fall it was about to experience. 
Ben looked up at John for assistance but, John did not come to his aid right away. He was taught never to harm an animal for usually when they act out it’s for their own protection. A childish side of him had taken over as he watched this helpless creature try to pull the rest of itself up onto the peg leg. His friend stared up at him in disbelief, obviously in need of help and here John was sitting frozen contemplating his decision. Bending down, John picked up a skipping rock and nailed the coon right in the teeth. It let go and disappeared off the edge. It was too sick to keep alive, John had decided as he helped Ben up to finish the job.
Angus’ cane whipped the sick racoons across their deformed faces as the old man defended his family. Jimmy got a good grip on the scruff of one of their necks and dropped kicked the racoon like a football, deep into the dangerous depths of the forest. And my mother said football skills would never come in handy, Jimmy chuckled to himself. Onka, who was tired of watching the men fight, gunned her scooter and ran over two of the creatures in one go. The life threatening racoons were either gone or unconscious so the group continued moving again. 
The trees still rocked wickedly, dropping branches as if they were giant chunks of hail. The needles were no longer a concern since most the trees had been stripped bare but, with every step they took, more and more flew up into their faces. The humans could no longer follow the trail for it was nowhere to be seen. Fallen debris had created a blanket over their only guiding path back to the building and also the only way they would know if they were going in circles.
Ben, who had hopped back on the old man’s scooter, scanned the area frantically trying to figure out where they were but, most geographical features had been destroyed or dramatically tampered with. Timothy thought about how much the situation seemed like a video game: dodging trees and jumping over fallen logs to stay alive. Jimmy was carrying Timothy on his back giving Timothy a full view of what might lie ahead. Spotting a peculiar object in the distance, Timothy tried to point and yell but, the roar of the wind was muffling his high pitched voice. The object closed in on them and finally showed its true identity when it was just a few meters away. Timothy recognized it immediately and leaped off Jimmy’s back without informing anyone of his actions. Jimmy spun around quickly, trying in vain to catch Timothy thinking he had fallen off. With this motion, Jimmy lost balance and fell head over heels into the object that Timothy had spotted…the lake.
All of them skidded to a halt at the outskirts of the murky lake. It was as if they had entered a different realm. It was quiet here. The wind was a lot gentler but, still made the trees sway a little. The mauve sky glistened off the water’s shaky surface giving the lake a purple hue. All the lily pads that floated daintily upon the lake bobbed repetitively as they were pushed by the waves Jimmy had created when he fell. He was waist deep in the polluted water, soaked head to toe in nasty growths that floated unseen in the depths. He tried to move his dread locks that were covering his face in a soggy mess making him look like a slasher movie character. It was here, in the midst of all the horror that surrounded the lake that humor shone brightly as the entire group chuckled at the sight of their wrecked up friend. John extended his hand to his friend and helped him out of the muck. 
The humans stood in a circle awkwardly; seeing each other’s faces reminded them of the terrible predicament they were in. 
“What do we do now?” asked Ben. “We’re surrounded by the forest and who knows how long we have before some new terror will appear out of the darkness.”
“We could go back to the building. We’re at the lake now so we should just be able to cut straight through the forest.” said Jimmy hoping it would help.
“No, we would get separated in the forest. It’s unsafe without the trail. Besides why would we need to go back to the building; it’s more safe here than over there.” John stated defiantly shutting down Jimmy’s idea.
“Well, we can’t stay here.” Ben pointed out as he looked outward into the forest. “The wind’s coming back; I can see it from here.” Not one person thought it was a good time to complement him on his incredible eye sight.
Suddenly, the bushes began to rustle. Paws could be heard stepping on the branches that littered the ground and growls began arising from all around them. The group backed away, pinned against the muddy shoreline, as a bright white creature stepped out of the bushes in front of them. A Vancouver Island wolf with a fresh kill still on his lips sauntered out of the forest with his piercing blue eyes set upon all of them. His fluorescent white fur seemed to brighten up everything around him giving the animal an angelic appearance. However, this wolf was no angel.
Odds were presently looking favorable for the humans, considering it was only one wolf and Vancouver Island wolves aren’t very big. The only thing that could go wrong would be someone jinxing the situation by saying the obvious out loud.
“You guys, I think we’ll be okay, it’s just one wolf.” said Jimmy in high spirits, which were crushed as twelve more wolves lurked out of the darkness…
Chapter 10: The Chase To The Finale
Step by eerie step the wolves got closer and closer to the pathetic humans who had no variable escape route. It would be impossible for them to fight a pack of wolfs that are stronger and out numbers them. They definitely couldn’t escape into the water for they certainly would be eaten alive. They were trapped, and their fate was nearing closer than ever before.
The wolves were so close, the group could hear every breath the canines took and could count every single serrated tooth that hung in their salivating mouths. The grandparents clung to their grandson in some useless form of protection; John and Jimmy held their hands in fighting positions as if they were about to box the wolves away; and Ben was fiddling frantically in his pockets searching for something unknown to the others.
Time was almost at an end. The wolves were just playing with their food at this point, snapping and yipping at their prey. Then a miracle happened (for they always happen at the most needed helpful times). Charging out of the same bush, were two mighty black tailed male deer with strong intricate antlers stretching three feet high.
The first stag gored one of the wolves, t-boning it’s side, flinging the wolf into the water while the other trampled right through the pack and stood proudly before the humans. It knelt down on one knee and began making gestures with its head toward its back. 
Does it want one of us to ride it? The quick thought ran through John’s mind as he began stepping towards it. The head stopped gesturing once John was close enough giving him a chance to sit on the beefy back of this oversized deer. It popped up abruptly startling the alarmed wolves and began running down the covered path with John holding on for life on its back.
The wolves, still distracted by the other deer, left a small window for the grandparents to scooter away from there as fast as possible. The old lady carried Timothy and the old man carried Ben as they drove right past the preoccupied wolves.
A mocha brown wolf with a thin coat of fur noticed the humans fleeing and realized there was still one prey left. Jimmy stood drenched at the edge of the lake, his eyes bulged in fear as he attempted to run away but, something was wrong. Watching as his companions made their speedy escape he tried to move but, his ankle sent him shots of gut wrenching pain whenever he stepped on it. He must have twisted his ankle at a funny angle when he fell in the lake, leaving the others unknowing he couldn’t run like they assumed he was going to do. The wolf grinned as its eyes shone bright, seeing Jimmy was alone and vulnerable. With one low pitch howl, it alerted the rest of the pack. In unison, the snarling pack turned their heads and locked eyes on their meal that was waiting for them helplessly at the side of the lake. Jimmy’s heart raced; in a matter of seconds he knew he could become dinner for a pack of wolves. The brown wolf pounced towards him in a single bound; disturbing images of being ripped to shreds in spontaneously projected through his mind. The wolf’s ripping canines almost reached him as he felt it’s repulsive breath when suddenly he was struck powerfully in the side by the remaining deer. 
With Jimmy scrambling awkwardly in its antlers, the deer bolted off in the direction everyone else had gone, followed closely by a pack of thirteen vicious wolves.
John turned around with nervous sweat slowly dripping down his forehead to see the grandparents with Timothy and Ben about six meters away all riding at top speed. He scanned the area for Jimmy who wildly came around the corner, propped up in the deer’s antlers. John looked forward to discover the same clear stretch of gravel laid out for a mile ahead of them that they had previously walked a few hours ago. Now there were a few fallen trees near the edges but the tree line was far enough away that only the tops of the trees touched the path. The wind picked up again and it looked as though the humans might have a safe chance out of the forest when the howl of wolves echoed across the stretch. John turned around again to witness the pack of wolves chasing after them with their fang like teeth gleaming in the dim light. 
The encounter began with a struggle to remain faster than the wolves. The pack was gunning their legs at an insane rate, driven by their heightened motive to hunt the human prey. They were gaining on the scooters and in a matter of seconds a white wolf was nipping at the old ladies heel. She let out a tremendous scream as she gripped her purse and whacked it over the wolf’s head. It backed off for a split second then, returned just as strong to try again.
The grandfather’s cane was now brought into play as it smacked a wolf so hard it fell to the ground and rolled rapidly. The cane swooped down again, this time knocking a particularly straggly wolf right in the knee caps bringing it skidding into the hard gravelly ground.
Jimmy and the deer he was riding had a wolf on either side of them but, he couldn’t do anything constructive to help because he was stuck in the animal’s antlers. The deer however had the right idea and began drifting over to the left side of the trail. The wolf on the left side was so focused on taking a bite out of the deer, it missed the tree lying up ahead and it struck right into it with a bone breaking impact. 
Ben had three of the most cunning wolves in the pack fighting against him. They were strategically attacking the back of the scooter he was standing on, causing Ben to constantly be jumping, bending and contorting to dodge their ferocious attacks. The next phase of attacks began to commence. First, the boniest wolf curved from the left, making Ben shift both his leg and peg leg to the right side of the scooter. Then the second wolf came from the right and instead of going for Ben’s feet, it went for his hands while pouncing into the air throwing Ben off balance. This is when the last wolf came, charging straight down the center grasping Ben’s peg leg in its jaw. Ben dropped to the ground, still clutching to the head rest of the scooter as he shook his peg leg fiercely, urgently trying to force the mongrel off but, the dog was too strong. The wolf locked its legs and began sliding behind the scooter as if it were on Jet Ski’s. 
Angus turned around and saw Ben dangling off the scooter, holding on with one trebling hand. Their eyes connected and Angus now saw how truly afraid Ben was. Angus immediately took action by turning the steering column hard to the right sending the wolf rolling down the trail uncontrollably.
John spun around distractedly as a wolf annoying was belting out high pitch howls next to him. His hands waved in the air as he tried to shoo the wolf away however, he only received a maniacal toothy grin in return for the wolf had plotted out a perfect plan. Abruptly his deer reeled its front legs up almost flinging John onto the ground. John had no time to turn his head back around when he felt two padded feet push against back knocking him down to the ground. A searing pain penetrated into his face as the gravel rocks stabbed through his skin. He lied face down, sightless, with the forty pound beast pushed its paws vehemently down upon his head as if to suffocate him in the rocky ground. With his hearing now enhanced John attempted to blindly make out what horror was unfolding around him. Heavy panting crept closer stalked by the constant crunching of gravel. Boiling hot breathe emitted out on the back of his neck with a concerning wheezing accompanying it. John could hear the struggle of the others; their puny groans and gasps of shock as they fought off their own demons.  
The time had finally arrived when the first wolf started to sink its grisly teeth into his back. The second wolf that had once distracted him chomped into his shoulder and began tugging at the thick muscle. Tears of pain filled John’s eyes as he wished for his death to come and take him away from the insanity. Suddenly, he became very aware of a steady crunching of gravel heading extremely close towards him. Gravel rapidly brushed against the side of his face, followed by heart stopping crunching and whimpering as the teeth left his shoulder. The doglike cries continued as he felt the dog on his back take a fighting stance upon him. His own blood dripped on his back from the vicious creature’s teeth, sending a warm sensation through his nerves as if adrenaline had entered outwardly into his system. With his one capable arm he flipped himself and the wolf over exposing the wolf to its newest form of attack, being run over. 
John did not personally witness the second scooter plowing over the wolf that tore a chunk out of his back, but he still felt satisfied to be free. His feet, without him noticing, rushed him over to his deer’s back again where he rested for moments before the next problem arose.
Though two wolves were presently out of commission there were still eleven others who continued to fight for their meal. The humans were ahead of the wolves at the moment, leading about twenty feet away from the now more fearsome pack.
Timothy was clinging to the back of the scooter, wishing the chase would end, when his grandmother hit a rock. The scooter bounced violently throwing Timothy off the scooter and onto the soil meters away from the oncoming wolves. His little body lay flailed on the ground as he slowly lifted his head. Everyone had spun around as a heart stopping scream erupted from the boy’s lungs as he stared into the faces of thirteen killers. 
Within the next few seconds, both scooters took a drastic U-turn, driving next to each other in a battering ram formation towards four of the eleven ferocious attackers that were drooling at the sight of their grandson. John and Jimmy’s deer had started heading the same direction and had their heads bowed down ready to prong any wolf that dared touch the boy. The scene was extremely intense; it seemed as if the whole earth was watching as the two sides collided together. The grandparents split off between either side of Timothy, slamming productively into the first few wolves, denting their scooters and some wolf skulls. The deer’s antlers worked as a great barricade, shoving back three wolves for each deer. The remaining few wolves were smoked brutally in the heads by canes, purses and peg legs that were jutting out from the sides of the scooters.
This wasn’t unfortunately wasn’t the end for the wolves bounced up only a few meters away from Timothy, now more furious and angered than ever. There would be no possible way the saving group could spin around in time to attack again. Hope seemed lost. Eleven sets of teeth barred closer to the boy; only a few simple feet away from ripping into his petite body when a plethora of feathers descended down upon the wolves.
With wingspans longer than the height of people and talons the ideal size for crunching skulls, three bald eagles valiantly attacked the wolves successfully separating the threat from the threatened. Jimmy and his deer rushed over and picked up Timothy, throwing him on the back of the deer before proceeding forward with their escape.
The wolves were distracted for a time sufficient enough for the rest of the group to escape as well. Gradually wolves began to escape the eagles attacks and automatically continued the pursuit again, now infuriated and more determined. As if part one of the battle wasn’t challenging enough, part two had fell upon them with more cunning and driven rage.
With their new allies at hand, the group gained a feeling of hope, for it seemed they would be the victors of this fight however, they didn’t into consideration how angered the wolves would be. The wolves charged the scooters, trying to rip the wheels of the scooters to shreds. Onka had begun throwing strange miscellaneous objects at the attackers like lip stick and coupon books. 
Suddenly, two bloody canines jabbed into the wheels popping the grandmother’s left rear tire. Her scooter jiggled unevenly on its three remaining wheels, gradually slowing down towards the mouths of the beasts. The original pearly white wolf was snarling teasingly at her feet, playing with its food at this point. Suddenly, its blue eyes grew big and full of fear as the shadow of two large wings grew from behind it. The old lady ducked, getting a nice view of the ivory wolf’s feet being lifted off the ground. She looked up quickly, amazed by how strong the eagle was as she witnessed the wolf being thrown away into the bushes. The eagle swung back and glided right next to her giving her a familiar stare. Onka recognized it immediately; this was the same eagle that took the seal pups earlier that day. She now saw why the mother seal was so comfortable with allowing her children to leave with these raptors for this eagles eyes were so calming and confident it left her paralyzed in admiration. She woke up to her scooter riding over another wolf that the grandfather had knocked over with his cane. 
Angus was swerving across the trail wildly trying to assist everyone as they fought the flesh craving beast that were persistent to get what they wanted so badly. His passenger, Ben, was fiddling around in his coat pocket again, desperately twiddling his fingers in the pigsty located inside of his coat. The black wolf was getting closer to him every second, making what he was searching for even more vitally necessary. With every terrified glance upwards he could see the mad killer approaching him psychotically. The obsessed animal was nearing the bumper of the scooter; time was running out for Ben to do something. With drool spilling out, eyes locked on his prey’s jugular and rough paws barely touching the ground, the wolf was preparing to strike when Ben triumphantly found the shiny object he was looking for. A revolving flare gun glistened in the shreds of light that escaped the overcast sky, already loaded and ready to fire at some unsuspecting life form.
With the slightest movement of a finger, a fiery blazing, red orb streaked through the cold air, leaving a foggy pink trail behind it. It struck the black wolf squarely in the chest sending a searing burning pain through the whole deranged creature’s body as it flipped backwards from the intense force of the shot. The wolf rolled weakly on the ground, then slunk away with a new bald spot shining on its chest. Gripping a lethal weapon in his hand, Ben had found his new chance for survival.
The wolves started to back off after the flare gun was pulled out. One by one the deranged dogs slowed to a walking pace and gave up on their victim’s death; however, danger was still running rampant in the forest. All the weary travelers could hear was distant howling of the wild dogs, the crackle and snaps of the branches being pulverized under unknown animals’ feet and the sound of waves striking the shore of the island. Waves? All of them arrived at the same thought at once; they were almost out of the forest.
Angus and Ben were ahead of the gang when they reached the small clearing looking out upon the ocean. They didn’t expect to see something even more odd and frightening than anything they had experienced that day. The old man slammed on his scooters brakes, flinging Ben forward with momentum causing him to crash onto the ground in a wavy blue mess.
The rest of the hopeful group arrived and stopped abruptly behind the two men who were gawking at whatever ungodly sight was coming their way across the water.
"What is it dear?" The old women asked curiously, trying to catch her breath like the others.
The grandfather had no idea how to answer, for barreling towards them was a BC Ferry. The large passenger ship rocked violently as it shattered the waves it crashed through. Nothing had changed about the fanatically upset ocean. The deep purple coloured tidal waves were furiously pushing the ship not only through the harbor's small canal where it did not fit but, on an angle that seemed likely for it to crash into New Castle Island. The captain of the ship must have shut off the power in a desperate attempt to stop stabilize the ship because the lights were off giving the ship a ghost-like aura; a ghost which holds hundreds of people inside who were being thrown from one side of the ship to the other by the extreme swaying. Orange rafts hung limp along the sides of the ship where people had tried to escape but, unfortunately failed.
There was no escape, if the group stayed where they were a giant ship would crush them, if they went towards the New Castle docks they risked being hit by tsunami-like waves pushing them along in non-forgiving sea water, and if they turned around they would be battling against the animals again which were beginning to sound like they were getting closer.
John was the first to spout out an idea.
"Let's go across the beach towards the dock. The deer can make it but the scooters won’t. A few of us will have to stay behind and wait for the deer to come back!"
"There's not enough time! Whoever stays will be hit by the ferry." screamed Ben over the sound of the waves that were becoming increasingly more violent. It was in that moment when Jimmy had an idea that could potentially save their lives’.
"Climb the trees!" Jimmy hobbled over, picked up the grandma and dashed into the forest with his sprained ankle dragging limp behind him. After trudging about fifteen meters through the trees, he hurriedly raised the elderly woman above his head so she could reach a branch. The rest of the group mimicked this motion and climbed the surrounding trees. The elderly, including Ben, couldn't climb very high but, the younger people were capable of doing so and they now saw a sight that would never leave their memories. 
All the docks in Nanaimo's harbor where underwater. The abundance of boats that once were floating on the gentle green water had sunken or were sinking due to the rough waves which crashed in from all directions. The worst sight of all was the ghastly looking rogue ferry, barreling only a kilometer a way directly towards them. As the ferry rocked one way, a tidal wave bounces off the side of New Castle Island and rebounds back towards the ferry causing it to tip the other way causing another tidal wave which rebounds of the shores of Nanaimo. They watched as the towering waves wiped across the landscape, wiping out buildings and sucking air polluting cars into the ocean. The tree sitters watched as the passengers inside the ferry were flung back and forth inside the death trap. Cars in the lower decks were spilling out the front opening, disappearing into the water.
The moment had come; the ferry was only a couple meters from the shore when the overwhelming rumbling began. The island started to quake as the ferry scraped against its rocky side. The voices of the terrified animals projected shakily and warped across the disturbed island and the trees wiggled like noodles as the island vibrated ferociously. The ferry was presently tilting at an angle that made it possible to see the upper deck of the jumbled ship clearly from only forty feet off the ground. A stampede of uncontrolled violet water covered the trunks of the tall trees just barely missing the old people who clung to the branches like baby monkeys on their mothers back. The enormous twenty foot high wave made the tress bend back and many snapped from the overwhelming pressure. The water level lowered vastly revealing everything below them had been stripped bare. There were no bushes, gravel or branches to be seen; only the strongest trunks of the trees remained.  A few short moments after the water abated away it came back even stronger than before, knocking over just as many trees as it lunged back towards the ship. The debris filled water struck the side of the ferry, starting the shaking again as the ship tumbled over the other way. They all began to see the rarely viewed under side of the massive ferry and the craters that had been punctured into it from impact. Now all they could see was the slimy, barnacle infested, underside of the ship that blocked their vision from the phenomenon that happened next.
The starboard side of the ship was fully touching the water when the last powerful wave slammed into the ship. The upper deck of the ship was hit dead on by the tidal wave pushing the ship directly backwards, still on its side. The wave filled the funnels leading to the engine and quickly flooded the engine room causing pipes on all the lower decks to burst.  As a result the ship was pushed up onto the shore, sliding across the wet rumbling landscape. The first couple rows of the trees that survived the wave were run over by the flopped over ship and the beach was completely buried. The ship finally stopped moving and with it so did the distraught world.
The wind abated to a gentle breeze; the sounds that once haunted the forest had ceased; and the chaos had finally come to a halt. The surroundings started to return back to their normal colours. The sea was grey, and the clouds were a freckled white but, an overcast still covered the area.
Chapter 11: Assessing The Damage 
They all climbed out of the remaining lonely trees and walked towards the keel of the ship. The ground was moist and soggy and the grandparents’ scooters were nowhere to be found. The group walked in the immense shadow the ferry casted as it showed its green life supporting underside. Timothy walked right up to it, standing on a trampled tree, admiring the height and length of the beached vessel.  Towering four stories high above Timothy, with tidal wave had made a remarkable push since fifty feet of the seventy foot vessel was on the land. John and Ben began to walk in awestruck silence towards the surprisingly still intact building which was about two minutes away to view the damage that had been done and eventually everyone else followed. The ship’s bow had stopped just before where the New Castle Island harbor once sat. John took a few steps back to watch as people began jumping out of the sideways doors of the ferry and into the orange life boats were had begun deploying again. Ben hobbled over to the grizzly remains of the building he once owned. The windows were gone, the tables were flipped and shattered, kitchenware and irreplaceable antiques spotted the floor; only the main frames of the building were spared in the wrath of the storm. Jimmy was helping carry the old people despite having a twisted ankle while viewing the newly formed land that he once knew so well. The grass appeared wilted and less green than usual as it took the weight of the branches and trees that had flown through the skies during the destruction. Suddenly, a glimpse of something shiny caught his eye.
"Wait here." he said as he left the old people to stand in the middle of the field to take in the new scenery.
It was inside the building and even in the overcast of clouds it glistened brightly, as if it were a sunny delightful day. Jimmy crunched through the remains until finally picking up the small object that he had discovered. A diamond ring shaped with clusters of other diamonds to make a master diamond was sitting in his hand like a pearl inside a clam. He examined it closely for a bit, then put it in his pocket and walked away.
Ben and John were looking out toward the water in disbelief. There were no waves, no boats, and no signs of life. In the distance they could see the Nanaimo harbor looking like it took a rampant beating. Some of the larger fishing ships had been pushed over the seawall, very dented and missing the nets they once used to haul tons of fish in. Some of the shops on the boardwalk had small motor boats flung through their windows during the wreckage. People were stumbling out from random shelters unharmed and some were even in good spirits about living through the natural disaster.
"I should have listened to you." Ben said embarrassed by the fact he didn't listen to his good friend.
"You didn't know the consequences of staying, and neither did I." John replied sympathetically.
"Why do you think it happened? Why would nature destroy itself?" Ben asked still in shock over the previous events.
"This wasn't nature fighting nature. This was nature fighting man. This was a threatening display of power. It was supposed to teach some of nature’s the most disrespecting people to a lesson."
"Did it work?" Ben asked, and then he realized something. "Why were we targeted?"
"I don't think we were meant to get stuck in this. I believe we were just trapped in the middle of the battle. That's why I think the deer came and saved us. We weren't supposed to die."
"And we didn't." Ben smiled
"And we didn't." John smirked as they shook hands in triumph.
"Hey! You guys got to come see this!" Jimmy beckoned from under the small cliff that led to the beach across from the also torn apart Protection Island. The group walked over to see Jimmy standing in his sea taxi which was floating closely to the rocky shore, barely damaged.
"Let’s Go Home."
Everyone sat in the sea taxi as it glided across the still, grey water towards the main harbor from where they had started. As they left the transformed island that they had experienced so much on, they watched it become smaller and smaller. Eventually rain began to fall...
Epilogue:
The door busted open and two lovers tumbled into the dim hotel room with their lips locked together. The man closed the door with his heel since his hands were a little busy. The couple was about to sign the divorce papers when something changed in them. Now they were stronger than ever and more filled with passion than any sappy romance movie anyone had ever seen. The man threw her down on the bed and she landed on the TV remote turning on the Television. They hardly noticed for they were so entranced in each other’s love to hear the news report in progress.
"Today a plethora of very disturbing chaotic events has occurred at the Nanaimo Harbor. Multiple reports were filed into the police stations, ranging in a variety of unusual activities of nature. These pictures behind me show the odd colour of purple in the sky above New Castle Island and the surrounding area. These pictures also show how high the waves were during the intense wind storm that hit only this side of Vancouver Island. The Internet has been filled with videos of boats being pushed onto the shore and some even dropping on the docks. While you’re looking at those videos you will definitely want to check out this amateur video of a BC Ferry being driven out of control by the storm and crashing into New Castle Island causing raging tidal waves to rush across the whole island! There is also an astonishing video taken by satellites of hundreds of sea lions brawling on a beach, just massacring each other! Ethologists in the area are speechless at the disturbing sights on the video, and their only statement on the subject leans toward the event being supernatural and paranormal. Ironically a convention of anti-environmentalists was conferencing on the ferry when it crashed into the island. I bet they’ve turned the other cheek now. To make things even crazier there were people trapped on this island at the time of all the chaos. All but two of them survived this anomaly. Thomas Smith and Angela Duferaq are still being searched for at the moment but, police investigators say they most definitely were wiped out by the tidal wave. Channel 3 news would like to send our respects to the families of these two and now we will switch over to our field correspondent, Tabitha Terrance, who is currently with all of the survivors of the incident. Tabitha."
The screen flipped over to a woman in a blue business dress holding a microphone with the channels logo on it. Behind her stood six people who all looked very eager to share their stories.
"Thanks Todd, I'm here with a group of survivors of the most freakiest incident to occur ever in this city’s history. First we'll talk the son and parents of Matthew McBurrows, an owner of the top logging company in the country who just last year I spoke to during a protest happening in front of his head office. Cutie why don't you tell us about your experience."
The woman bent down and put the microphone in front of the boy’s mouth and as he began to talk the couple making out on the bed stopped at the sound of his familiar voice. Their son was on TV.
He began telling this wild story about demon sea lions and being chased by wolves while the wind howled and threw branches the size of trucks at them. The adults were constantly interjecting tidbits of information like the albino rabid racoons to add to his unbelievable story. At the end, the news woman looked at the camera, quite speechless, and croaked with a shocked expression on her face.
"Well then, seems like they've suffered quite the...ordeal. Back to you Todd”
The screen was back on the man now and by that time tires were squealing outside the hotel as the couple rushed to be with their son.
"What an unforgettable story. More news just came in, apparently the government was about to take the islands reservation rights away and allow houses be built on it but, now that all this happened, they don't want to. They believe that this was a sign sent to stop this take over from happening and it seemed to have worked. This is very good news for lovers of the scenery and hiking especially since the government is also funding a rebuilding program that will be planting trees and other various plants that were indigenous to the area. Something very good came out of all this. Mallard Lake, a lake on the island that had been naturally polluted for months was flushed out in the major tidal wave and is all clear now. Also, more news on this story, the record breaking torrential rainfall that is now falling on the island is clearing the salt from the sea water off the island so there will be no further damage to the island’s soil. Another addition to the story, many of the cars that had fallen off the out of control ferry are going to stay where they are. They will make unique homes for many of the residential sea life in the area. And for those of you who were curious about the island’s wildlife, hundreds of animals are washing up alive onto the shores of the island that had been washed away when the wave hit. Ecologists in the area say this terrible once in a millennium occurrence will help many of the previously overpopulated animals grow and live in a less crowded and competition filled environment. If you’re in the logging industry you’re going to love what I’m going to say next. Logs and branches from many of the fallen trees are appearing on beaches all around the island and the Nanaimo council says these logs are first come first serve for whoever wants them. Because of all this, all logging occurring on Vancouver Island right now has ceased production since there is enough logs to be caught in the sea they won’t need to cut down trees for a very long time. We must go to commercial but, I'd just like to leave everyone with a small chunk of words that should be floating around your head next time you do something that could potentially hurt the environment. Think about what you destroy and how much you destroy it. Cause one day that something you began destroying will decide to get revenge and begin destroying you. Have a goodnight everybody! This has been Todd Burnstrum reporting."
The End
About The Author
Tristyn Lippingwell was born in 1996, in British Columbia, Canada. Growing up in Langley he attended Langley Meadows Elementary School where he discovered his love for writing. He didn’t begin writing novels until reaching high school when he realized he may begin forgetting the stories he had created in his head. Throughout his life he dreamed of entertaining people and making them happy. Mapped in his mind was a world filled with amusement parks, innovative technology, and a famous imaginative figure known as Sir Tristyn Lippingwell.  Now that he is older and presently (at the time this book is being published) at the brink of starting his life, he plans to pursue his dream through a network of different styles such as publishing books and song lyrics, preforming comedy acts, acting in various projects and a few other surprises that hopefully become a reality. You can find this author at:
Facebook Page: NewCastle Island Novel By Tristyn Lippingwell 
Twitter: @tristynl
Instagram: @tristynl
Feel free to contact this author at his email: newcastleislandnovel@gmail.com

