MIDNIGHT DEPARTURE
A novel by Dan Lombard



Smashwords Edition – May 2013
© 2012 Dan Lombard, all rights reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, 
events and incidents are either the products of the author’s 
imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance 
to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events 
is purely coincidental.


Other Books by Dan Lombard
Death Panel
Serum-6 


Dan Lombard
PO Box 2119
Loomis, CA 95650


ISBN 978-1301390472
PROLOGUE

“Charlie, are you sure it’s advisable to talk in front of the coolies?” Mark asked, gesturing towards the two expressionless servants, with their jet black hair and crisp white tunics.
“Deaf-mutes, can’t hear a word,” Charles replied.
Mark nodded his approval.
“Nice car,” Mark said as he wandered from one end to the other, dipping his mother-of-pearl spoon into the caviar in the iced, crystal bowl he was holding. “And what is this?” he asked, stopping at a large painting hanging over Charles’ desk.
“The Finding of Moses, by Aelbert Cuyp,” Charles said. Collis had joined Mark in admiring the painting.
“And how much did you pay for this fine Old Master?” Collis asked.
“Eight thousand dollars, about fifteen hundred pounds sterling. It had been last sold at the Stowe Manor estate sale twenty years ago, at two thirds that price. I don’t know how much longer these masters’ prices can keep rising,” Charles said, rolling his eyes upward in mock disbelief.
“Eight thousand! That’s enough to lay down another quarter mile of track between the two mountain ranges,” Leland said, having joined the group in front of the painting, taking a sip from his tumbler of brandy.
“And you need to start drinking your brandy from the proper crystal. Cheers,” Mark said, holding his snifter high.
“More track, or 3200 acres at the bargain price of two and a half dollars an acre, courtesy of the most recent congressional resolution,” Collis said.
“More acres. Good Lord, our friends in Congress have already given us untold millions of acres for our good deeds,” Leland laughed. “What shall we do with all that land? Perhaps create a new nation!”
“Why create a new one, we practically own this one! We will sell the land at a handsome profit,” Mark said, “so we can promptly repay the funds they have loaned us to build our railroad.”
“I do much prefer reserving my funds for fine paintings, old brandy, Russian caviar, and more shares of Wells Fargo. And why not, since we have so completely convinced the government of the need for this railroad, and that only we can build it, and that they should provide us the means to do so, while we retain ownership,” Charles said.
“We really must say a proper thank you to our friends in the Congress,” Leland added.
“Gentlemen, we have much to discuss today. But before we call this meeting of The Associates to order, I –” Charles was interrupted by a knock on the door. “Come in!” he bellowed.
Samuel Montague opened the door and entered the car. “Mister Crocker, they are coming. Perhaps the gentlemen would like to take their seats.” 
Samuel pointed out the door towards the car behind him. It was a flatcar with no roof and walls three feet high. There were overstuffed leather armchairs arranged on its deck along with side tables set in fine crystal, silver and bone china. There was a rack holding a half dozen English and Italian breech loading long rifles.
Charles looked out the window across the desolate, amber plains, land that he and his three Associates now owned. There was a cloud of dust rising on the horizon.
“Ahhh, the bison are coming. Would you gentlemen care to do some shooting from the observation deck? Keep your own honest scores, but the first to reach one hundred kills will take home that 1811 cognac, a Napoleon, no less,” Charles said. He was pointing towards a bottle that stood alone on a table draped in fine white Belgian lace.
“The Comet Vintage, if I am correct,” Mark said.
“Most certainly.”
As they exited the carriage, making for the flatbed, Samuel Montague, the chief engineer for the project, greeted them one by one.
“Good day, Mister Stanford.”
“Good day, Mister Huntington.”
“Good day, Mister Hopkins.”

• • •

And that is how they lived. Lives of unsurpassed indulgence as they built the transcontinental railroad nearly one hundred and fifty years ago, using borrowed funds that were repaid through the sale of land given as a gift to them by the United States government. They succeeded in building that railroad, and it did usher in a new era of growth and dominance for a fledgling nation. Perhaps these men were merely lucky; in the right place at the right time. Perhaps it was the corruption; some recorded in history books, but much lost to our understanding and knowledge as we, in retrospection, wonder how four men, along with their cohorts building the other sections of railroad that would someday join together to form the transcontinental, could have engineered the sweetheart deal granted to them by the government. 



CHAPTER ONE
one hundred and forty-four years later


Tom drummed his fingers anxiously on the desktop. He glanced at the clock on the wall, it was nearly six o’clock, once again. Another day passing into night, and still no call from the governor. He rested his elbows on the map that was unrolled in front of him and placed his face in his open hands, rubbing his temples, then his eyes, then running his fingers through his hair. He leaned forward, standing as he raised his head out of his hands. 
Tom Bates was a tall man and kept himself fit. He did not look anywhere near his fifty-five years. A full head of hair, dyed brown, helped fool anyone trying to guess his age. Everything about him was big. A large forehead, a jutting chin, big, bright green eyes. Tom had the guile of a wiry Boston street-fighter, with the added advantage of bulk. He was imposing through the good luck of the genetic lottery, and intimidating by choice. But it all worked well together. He was accustomed to getting what he wanted in life, in work, in pleasure.
He had rounded the desk when the phone rang. “Tom?” It was Susan Gorsch, the governor’s top aide without portfolio. 
“Hi Susie.” 
“He’ll see you tonight, eight-thirty, his Sacramento apartment.”
“Okay.”
The governor had apparently rounded up the last vote he needed to proceed immediately on the project with which Tom had been entrusted. Tom’s mission was to begin spending. Spending big and spending fast. He had been hired for the job because the governor knew he could do that, and at the same time not do it recklessly, securing the most value for the billions of dollars the taxpayers of California would finally, after five years of false starts, now be on the hook for. Spend enough to pass that theoretical point-of-no-return, launching an era of very fast train service between the major metropolitan areas of Los Angeles, San Francisco and the Central Valley cities along what was called the backbone.
His first project had been to rename the agency and the project, to put some sort of disconnect between the debt and the project itself, the building of the California Very Fast Rail Project, newly christened as the California SwiftRail Authority. He had marveled at how easily the public could be fooled into thinking that the new rail system, whatever it might end up costing, had no relationship to the bonds being issued, the debt being piled on. And all simply due to a name change subterfuge.
He grabbed the three inch thick dossier from his desk and slid it into his briefcase. Grasping the briefcase in one hand he made for the door. He did not turn out the lights or close the door to his office, making straight for the elevator and the ride down the single story to the lobby, ignoring the wide, richly carpeted staircase that could also have taken him down that single flight. The guard sitting in front of the bank of monitors waved good-bye, and Tom returned the courtesy. 
The offices were heavily secured with redundant measures. The security that you would need if the replica of Mona Lisa hanging behind Tom’s desk was the real thing. Just like the unseemly five hundred thousand dollars spent on changing the name, and a new ‘green’ logo, excessive security was simply a way to ensure that next year’s budget would have plenty of fluff. Fluff that could be redirected to other uses when the need arose.
Tom got behind the wheel of his car and joined the late commuter traffic headed back to Sacramento, an hour away from his office in Walnut Creek. He was lost in thought, listening to his music, anticipating his first visit to the governor’s secretive home-away-from-home in Sacramento. It was a Friday and half the state workforce was on furlough and traffic was much lighter than he had expected. A detour to the Curtis Park neighborhood where he had grown up was how he decided to spend the extra hour on his hands. He parked across from his childhood home and watched as a father and son tossed a football back and forth in the fading light on the small lawn, sorrowful that his dad was not alive to see the position that Tom had risen to.
His father had never thrown the football in the yard with him, or did much of anything athletic. He had been sickly for most of Tom’s childhood and then he died when Tom was just eleven. The one thing he had shared with Tom, and that Tom had grown to love, was the study of history. Unlike what Tom learned in school, which was the memorization of dates and facts and names, his father taught him how one could learn from history, how later events had their beginnings in earlier events. How history was a connected progression, and not a series of unrelated incidents. His father taught him a unique version of history, one that borrowed from the science of economics in which he had been trained. That just as there was micro- and macroeconomics, there was micro- and macro-history. It was the accumulation of small events, the footnotes, that led directly to the big events, the chapters.
And now he, Tom Bates, was about to make that leap from being a footnote in history to being a chapter in history. His name would be forever associated with a project that was dazzling in its vision, its audacity, its challenges, and its service as a solution for a rapidly transforming twenty-first century society.
There was a lone doorman in the lobby to the highrise where the governor kept an apartment for those days he did not feel like being driven home to the hillside Oakland estate he shared with his wife. Other than the doorman there was no security, or at least none that Tom could see. Tom showed his ID to the doorman who confirmed his appointment and let him in.
“The guv is on the 17th floor. You’ll need a passcode in the elevator, use 7112, to access that floor,” the doorman instructed.
“Okay, thanks,” Tom responded as he headed towards the two elevators, one of which was already at the lobby level, the door open. He entered and tapped in the code he had been given. The elevator was programmed not to stop at any floor in-between the lobby and 17th floor when the code was entered, so that unexpected visitors could not hop aboard on the way up. When Tom exited the elevator he found the security he had missed seeing in the ground floor lobby. A pair of armed Highway Patrolmen were sitting at a small card table playing cribbage. They looked through Tom’s briefcase, patted him down, and checked his ID. They waved him over to the door and let him in.
The governor was sitting in the shadows on a sofa with a folded newspaper in his lap, watching the television. He looked up at Tom, but didn’t stand or offer Tom a seat, this was not a social call, and Tom was not expected to be there long. “Good evening Mr. Director.”
“Good evening, Governor. How are you?”
“I’m giving the go ahead to Operation Midnight Departure,” the governor said.
“Gathered as much, congratulations. Who was the last vote?”
“Hamm.”
“Hamm?” Tom questioned, incredulous. “He wasn’t even on the long list, his opposition has been pretty solid, heck doesn’t even have a constituent within one hundred miles of the closest terminal.”
“His re-election just became that much more uncertain with the redrawing of the assembly district maps. He needs money. Lots of it. Contact the Prime’s, between them they need to pony up half a million for his assembly race, that’s what I promised him for his vote.”
“Will do. Enough said,” Tom responded.
“Good. You have news for me?”
Tom reached into his briefcase and pulled out the dossier. He dropped it on the coffee table. It made a loud thud.
“Careful, those guys outside would’ve been in here in a flash and you’d be splayed on the ground, if that had been just a little louder. That’s him?” the governor asked, running his thumb up the edge of the paper.
“That’s my hack,” Tom replied.  
There were a few seconds of silence as the governor looked at Tom with a blank expression on his face. “Well, tell me a little. You don’t expect me to read that, do you?”
“No. Of course not. Just wanted to show you that I’ve been thorough,” Tom said.
“I assumed that already, no need to prove yourself to me.”
“His name is Bob Jones. Really, it is. Can’t make that up. He was career at Caltrans, retired a year ago with a thirty-year pension. Worked under me for his last four. Good at what he did. Made, and can resume, lots of contacts in the construction trades. Needs the income, his soon to be ex-wife took him for half his pension plus money for her health care. He’s got a small savings account, a mortgaged condo in Walnut Creek and a ten year old BMW. Has a son starting at UCLA in a few weeks. He won’t make any waves, does as he’s told. Sharp when it comes to making deals, but not terribly inquisitive. He’s perfect, he really is.”
“He’ll take the job?”
“No question in my mind. If he hesitates, well, I know as much about him as he knows himself. I’ll do what it takes. I know he hasn’t been laid since he split from his wife, I can-” the governor waved his hand, Tom knew enough to stop the second he saw that gesture.
“I’ve heard enough . . . go build an empire.”
“Yessir, Governor.”
“You can show yourself out. Anything else, work through Susie.”
“Yessir Governor, thank you very much. I know my mission, you won’t be disappointed.”
“I know that. Good-bye.”
Tom stood up and headed to the door,  looking at his watch.  He’d been in the room with the governor all of four minutes.
Tom sat in his car, realizing that his destiny was now certain. He would soon join the history books, the history books that consumed him, as the architect of one of the great wonders of the modern, technological world. OMD, the acronym for Operation Midnight Departure, was as brazen in its nature as in its scope. It was an acronym that served as the only identification for the project that anyone, outside of the governor and himself, would ever know it by. If anyone was to know the full code name it would confirm what so many of the opponents already suspected. Suspicions that were being roundly ignored by the press, and derided by the project’s supporters.  
Tom’s mission was simple. To spend, as quickly as possible, the fourteen billion dollars in bond and federal stimulus funds on the build-out of the bullet train designed to whisk its passengers from San Francisco to Los Angeles in under three hours. Spend the money quickly and leave evidence of progress in as many places as possible, proof that the dream was becoming reality. And, as the operation’s name so aptly connoted, start at midnight, so that as dawn cast its first light on what was going on, it would already be too late. Ensure they quickly passed the point of no return. The point at which even the opponents would be forced to say, “we have so much invested, it’s impossible to pull the plug now.”
Tom pulled his cell phone from his pocket and tapped out a text message that read: 
OMD a go, effective immediately. Hamm last vote. Needs campaign dollars, 100K each.  
He sent the text to the five CEO’s of the five prime contractors who had been selected to build the backbone and the terminals of the California swift rail system. As a huge smile spread across his face Tom made a u-turn and prepared to head back to Walnut Creek, the nerve center of Operation Midnight Departure. He did not put the music back on, he whistled the whole way home.
CHAPTER TWO
Bob looked around the condo, both pleased and dismayed that the place was all his now, no more sharing with his separated and estranged wife, Julie; his soon to be divorced wife, Julie.  Perhaps it was best described as a peculiar, amateur arrangement, but neither of them had prior experience in these matters. Though they hadn’t even begun the divorce proceedings two years earlier when the arrangement began, in those two years they’d seen each other exactly eight times, seven of them in her lawyer’s offices, and the eighth time at their son Paul’s high school graduation a month earlier. 
Paul had been their common joy when they were still a couple. He still was their joy, but they enjoyed him separately now. In his teenage years, as the marriage and friendship of his parents crumbled, he found his own devices and managed to remain balanced, motivated and emotionally stable. He was above average in height, handsome and possessed an extraordinary mind.  For his continuing education he had his pick of schools and chose the best of them when he decided on the Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science at UCLA, and would be leaving for Los Angeles in just a few weeks. It was a perfect time to settle the split once and for all, give up any pretense at caring what the other did with their time, and certainly, put an end to this bizarre sharing of two homes.
Each month they would swap homes. One month he would be in the condo in downtown Walnut Creek and she would be in the house in Rodeo, the tony suburb just down the freeway, taking care of their son. They had their separate bedrooms, and did not have to sleep on the same mattresses or use the same bedclothes. They rarely ate at home, so shared refrigerators and shared pantries were not an issue; and they did not ever have to pass each other at the doorway since the swap would begin in the morning as they left for work from one location and returned that evening to the new location.  They did this for two years. Their sole means of communicating were by e-mail and through their son Paul.
Now, tomorrow morning, when they met for the ninth time in two years, at her lawyer’s office, perhaps this routine would end. He would get the condo, with its small mortgage, she would get the considerably more valuable Rodeo home, but with a considerably larger mortgage. She would get half his pension, plus a stipend until she turned 65, to help with her health care premiums. The half of the pension was fixed at its current level, plus cost of living increases. She had no confidence that he would desire, or be able to do anything, to improve the pension down the road. In return she gained full control of the modest trust fund from her grandparents that they had shared for most of their marriage. She was also counting on a recovery in the housing market so that the value of the Rodeo home, valued at four times the condo, though with similar equity due to the outsized mortgage, would increase in value at four times the rate of the condo.
He stood up and walked over to the bedroom that had been hers and swung the door open. Bob rarely looked inside, though it had crossed his mind to install a peephole camera after he heard from a neighbor that she regularly had female overnight visitors. But she could, and probably did, have her private investigator brother regularly sweep the place for such devices. And that would have cost him everything in the divorce. Besides, it had only crossed his mind briefly, he had no interest in such voyeurism . . . or so he told himself. But still, he wondered, what went on behind that door? 
Bob felt terribly average, maybe that was what went wrong in the marriage. Average height, average income, average ambition, average looks, average skills. Perhaps in so many other ways he had merely been average as well: An average lover, an average passion. The more he thought about it, the only thing that seemed to exceed the average was his growing depression. Had he lost everything, only to have to start over again at fifty, and could he even do that, and if so, what for? He resented that Julie seemed to have found a new happiness, and he was being left behind in the dust of their shared despair.
Julie had never been average, at least not to Bob. He had always thought she was beautiful, and over the years grew even more so. Her skin still taut and unblemished, few age-belying wrinkles, large, clear eyes, full, lush hair.  And now, just as he was reaching a point in his life where it would become so difficult for him to find someone like that again, there he was, alone, starting over. With a meager, half-a-pension income, no exceptional skills that would entice someone to hire a man of his age, nothing that screamed to a woman take me before someone else does. And he was not about to follow the path Julie seemed to have taken, finding comfort in the arms of someone of her own sex. He had not only been betrayed by Julie, he had been dumb-founded by her hostility towards him, abandoned for reasons he could not fathom. 

• • •

Bob never did believe in providence. But then the phone rang. It was a providential phone call.
“Hello,” Bob said.
“Bob! It’s Tom Bates!” Bob quickly moved the phone from his head, the voice was so loud it sounded as if Tom was sitting on the sofa next to him, shouting in his ear.
“Tom. Been a long time, and, to be honest, you’re probably the last one I expected on the phone today,” Bob said, hesitating.
“I can understand that, it has been a while since we last talked.”
“Not that I haven’t heard what you’re up to. Congratulations on landing the plum, heading up the swift rail authority. That should keep you  busy well past a reasonable retirement age.  What is it, like 2030-something before that’ll be done? If they even start on it anytime soon. I hear there’s still roadblocks in the way.”
“They’ve been cleared. I’m writing checks as we speak. And hiring. I want you to come back to work for me,” Tom said.
Bob was silent a moment, thoughts racing through his mind, wondering what kind of job offer could be in store for him.  And how quickly Tom was prepared to move, he had his meeting with Julie at nine the next morning, and needed to consider her latest ultimatum, even if it was her sixth ultimatum, and probably not the last. Unless this job offer was the right offer, and he surprised her by saying yes.
“Could be the right time, Julie gets half my retirement, dunno if I can live on the other half. What’re you thinking?” Bob asked.
“I’m sorry to hear that. You two never reconciled?”
“Nah, we don’t talk, live separate, haven’t seen each other in two years, outside of the lawyer’s office, and once for Paul’s graduation. Getting ready to finalize the divorce any day now.”
“Well, this job’ll take your mind off that. It’s a good position, Bob. You’d be Deputy Director of the California SwiftRail Authority.”
Bob was starting to feel awkward as he went silent again on the telephone. This, out of the blue, was no small job offer. The bullet train was going to be the most talked about, most expensive, most high profile engineering and construction project in the nation, for the next twenty years.  And he was being offered the second in command? He was puzzled as to why it was being offered to him, of all people. As a competent, mid-level manager at CalTrans he had his fair share of awards and recognition plaques, though sometimes he felt they were handed out like the merit certificates his son Paul had received in grade school, as an esteem booster. Without question he knew right away he would take it, but thought just a little skepticism would be healthy, convincing, and play to his advantage.
“Am I just a bench warmer or is it a real, working position? Actually, before we go there, your position is at the pleasure of the governor, right? What happens to me if you’re no longer pleasuring, err, pleasing him, so to speak,” Bob said.
“Thanks for correcting that, Bob. It is at his pleasure, but you’d be protected, provided you’re doing a good job, of course. And it isn’t civil service, so you can continue to collect your pension with no interruption, while you pull down a quarter million a year in salary.”
Bob was silent. A quarter million a year? That took his breath away. He wondered what the job description was, and he asked.
“You’re my right hand, Bob. I’ll be traveling extensively up and down the state, to other countries. Call it what you want, but you’re my alter ego, my clone. You’re me when I’m not here, and when I am, well then you do your job as well. It’s no cushy post-retirement commission or panel job, I’ll be working you like a dog. But the perks are great, you can make some pretty big decisions, it’s your chance to shine. And it can last for as long as you want, the position won’t be phased out for probably fifteen or twenty years,” Tom said.
There was another long silence at Bob’s end of the conversation.
“You really thinking about it, or ready to say yes?” Tom asked.
“Of course I want to say yes, but have to ask why, first.”
“Why what?  Why you?” 
“Yeah, exactly, why me. You know this is a huge jump up for me. Dunno if my experience is all that relevant, and won’t there be lots of pissed off people that were overlooked for the offer?”
“I answer only to the guy at whose pleasure I work. And I get to pick who I want. And that’s you.”
“Really, a quarter million a year? Any benefits?”
“Sure, a second pension that vests in seven years, so you’ll still be under 65. A pool car, gas card, generous expense allowance, health, life, the usual. And perks. Lots of perks. Perks unlike any you’ve ever seen before.”
“Is this the offer, or do I need to pass any other tests?”
“I told you, you’re hired at my pleasure.”
“And can be let go at your pleasure.”
“You’re a smart guy, Bob. You won’t let that happen.”
“And if I say yes right now?”
“You start drawing a paycheck, today.”
“Okay . . . boss. I’m in,” Bob said, trying to sound as if the arrangement simply met, but did not exceed, any expectations he had for himself, or his future.
“Always knew you were a smart guy. See you at the office tomorrow.”
“Okay, Tom, will do. Uhhm, wait a minute. Where’s the office?”
“1000 Monument Boulevard. You can walk there from your condo.”
This was getting better all the time. “See you at ten tomorrow.” 
“Better make it 8:30.”
“Can’t, have to sign off on the divorce papers at nine. Do I get assigned parking?”
“You can park in the lobby if you want. See you at ten.”
“I’ll walk tomorrow, and drive home in a pool car. What do I get?”
“We’ll pick one, plenty to choose from.”
In the time it took to conclude a twenty minute phone call Bob had gone from a depressed, unexceptional middle-aged man to a lottery winner. In that short time, shorter than an evening newscast on TV, he felt his whole life had changed, dramatically. He was now deputy director of the project to build an 800-mile long rail system to connect the two major population centers of the country’s largest state, a state that felt like, and sometimes acted like, a country unto itself. He was still unsure what the job would entail, but it came with a prestigious title, a one-per-center salary, and probably more perks than he would know what to do with. 
He stood up and walked into the bathroom, staring at himself in the mirror and quickly assessing what he saw, what he would need to do. Perhaps some color for his hair, still thick, but losing its luster. He was already in pretty good shape, though maybe the daily beer would have to go. Yeah, he wasn’t looking at an average Joe in the mirror, he was looking at the deputy director, and perhaps someday the director, of the California SwiftRail Authority. Bob smiled widely. His reflection smiled back.

CHAPTER THREE
Bob sauntered into the legal offices the next day, not far from where he lived and where he now worked. He felt good, confident, and sure of himself. But still, he wore a dour expression, hopefully one that would convey resignation, a desire to just get it all over with, and not that he was hiding something, something that would surely have given Julie pause to reconsider, ask for another delay, and issue another ultimatum more in her favor.
The receptionist, familiar with Bob after so many visits, briefly looked up and simply said “conference room B.”
“Thanks,” Bob said as he continued walking, without a break in his stride. He entered the conference room where Julie and her lawyer, Al, were sitting on one side, and Bob’s lawyer, Christopher, was sitting on the other, waiting for him. Julie was teasing him, he could see that. She was dressed provocatively, had her hair cut and draped exactly how it had been when he first fell for her thirty years ago. Her lips cocked in a toothy half smile–a smile to anyone else, but clearly a smirk to Bob.
Al extended his hand to Bob. Bob took it as Julie glowered at him, most likely fully expecting a rejection of the offer, and another round of tweaks. As they shook hands Al asked, to the point, “well, where are we at now?” 
The two lawyers, Al and Christopher, did not seem to mind the endless delays, as they continued to drain away the money in the joint account Bob and Julie maintained for just this purpose.
Christopher, having prepared a statement of rejection on grounds he and Bob had discussed a few days earlier, started to speak. “Julie will be eligible for her own health care at her employer, so the health care stipend should be suspended in that–” 
Bob cut him short. “I’m getting tired of all this, we could go on for another two years and still basically end up where we are today, just a little poorer for the legal bills. Give me four pieces of art, of my choice, from the Rodeo home, and I’ll sign this contract.”
All three of the others in the room were silent until Julie spoke. “Take them all, I never much cared for your taste in art anyway. Let’s sign and get this over with. I’ll have my brother pick them up and bring them over to you, he still speaks to both of us.”
Bob did not want to appear to be capitulating, knowing that in due time Julie would find out that he had hoodwinked her on the pension and the potential for a greatly enhanced retirement income. So he looked directly at Julie, assuming the same confrontational demeanor she had since the minute he entered the room. “Over with? You coulda had it over with the day you decided you were too good for me, coulda just walked out, the same way you walked in, without anything other than a suitcase.”
“Oh, jeez, there you go again, and you wonder why?” she sneered, as both lawyers looked at each other uneasily, wondering how far to let this exchange go before stepping in.
“I worked long and hard for our family, gave up lots of things that our friends took for granted, and that you secretly envied, things that you thought grew on trees, that you thought you were entitled to,” Bob threw back at her.
Julie turned to her attorney, “are we done? I need to get out of here before I throw up.”
“Good idea,” Bob responded, “with luck we’ll never have to cross paths again, except when Paul falls in love and gets married some day, if you haven’t screwed with his mind there as well.”
“Oh, fuck him, Al, I’m outta here,” Julie said, standing up and making for the door, taking the long way around the conference table to avoid passing near Bob.
The lawyers were caught off-guard and tried to look pleased that they had brought another divorce proceeding to term, even if on such a hostile note. Even if it meant final payments for both of them.
“Well, great, glad this is done with, and you can both get on with your lives,” Al said. “I’ll have that added to the contract, just make a list of the pieces you want, and you can both sign tomorrow.”
Julie muttered an okay and stormed from the room. 
Bob and Julie’s marriage was over. 
How it had come to that he still was not sure.  They were hardly friends at all when they first separated, and now he hadn’t seen Julie but nine times in two years. Over those two years, disillusionment and ambivalence seemed to have morphed into outright hatred. He did not think that he was coming across as spiteful, even if the desire was there; he wasn’t claiming anything that was unduly his, never had taken her for granted. He’d forgotten an anniversary or two, but that just made him ordinary. And the exchange of a few moments ago was far and away the most venomous they’d ever had. Bob regretted initiating it, and wished he had left it well enough alone, and just sat quietly.
Perhaps it was that he had grown too ordinary for Julie over the years.  They had dated pretty seriously his last year of college, her first year, and up until her graduation three years later. Then she took a job in New York City and abruptly their ways parted. She stayed there for nine years. When she returned to Northern California–she hadn’t been there more than a month– she and Bob bumped into each other. They were both casually dating other people at the time, but one evening found themselves unexpectedly alone in each other’s company. A month later, and a week late, she took a pregnancy test. They were married shortly before Paul was born, to the day, nine months after that single encounter.
Julie gave every appearance of enjoying motherhood, being Bob’s wife, and living a pretty decent life in a home in Rodeo they had bought from his aging, childless uncle for a fraction of its value. They took full advantage of that instant equity over the years, expanding into every-growing new mortgages that helped finance a life-style beyond their means. Perhaps she felt a contract had been broken when Bob threw up his hands and said they were headed for financial disaster if they did not get a second income.  She was smart enough to have seen what was happening, but always seemed to expect that Bob would have a recovery plan. Maybe that was why she hated him, because he could not keep up the lifestyle she had grown accustomed to.

• • •

Bob was feeling good as he entered the lobby at 1000 Monument Boulevard. He was divorced from Julie, and didn’t feel too bad, now, about the deal that had been finalized. He was starting a new, important, well paid position that would carry him in style and prestige for as long as he wanted, and until he had the resources for the retirement he desired, even if just partly to spite his ex-wife.
The lobby guard already knew who Bob was and greeted him. “Hello Mr. Jones, nice to meet you. Here’s your badge. It gets you in the front door when it’s locked, and if you want to lock your office contact us and we’ll program your badge to do that as well. Here’s a key to the white Pathfinder parked round back, license number is . . . Never mind, it’s the only one. Anything else they take care of upstairs. Have a pleasant day, sir.”
“Thank you Alex, I will,” Bob said, reading the guard’s name off his badge.
Bob took the steps two at a time to the next floor and looked around the spacious lounge that was the center of the operation known as the California SwiftRail Authority. There was a large copy of the logo on the center pillar wall. He didn’t recognize it. It was an art deco rendition of what a 1930’s artist might have imagined a futuristic train to look like, like a bullet. It was a dark blue with silver and yellow accents, riding on a shiny silver track that appeared to be suspended on faith alone, there was no other visible support.  The whole scene was bordered by palm trees bending to close the oval shape. Rather complex for a logo, Bob thought. But had he known, he would have expected much more for $500,000.
Tom had been alerted to Bob’s arrival and came walking towards him down one of the hallways and into the lounge, walking with his distinctive long strides. He extended his arm while still halfway across the room and Bob took a few steps to meet him. Tom could shake the cork out of a wine bottle with his massive hand, tight grip, and vigorous motion.  Bob was used to Tom’s handshake and knew how to limpen his arm so that it went where Tom wanted.
“Bob, great to have you on board. We’ll have lunch at noon, that leaves us two hours to get you started,” Tom put his arm around Bob’s shoulder and walked him through the spacious lounge. “Like I said, more often than not, you’ll be running this office while I’m away. That’s why I hired you, I know and trust your judgment, you won’t be bothering me all day long, asking if it’s okay to do this or do that. I’m so glad you took the position, you’ve just made my life so much more enjoyable.”
Tom began pointing down the hallways that formed spokes off the central lounge. “That’s engineering down that hallway, we employ thirteen, they really don’t do much in the way of design work themselves, they’re more or less plan checkers, keeping tabs on the outside architectural and engineering firms we retain. That hallway is finance and accounting, we’ll be moving fourteen billion dollars through here over the next year, that’s fifty-six million every working day. Not much of that moves without my signature, or when I’m not here, your signature. You’ll be signing more payment vouchers in the next six months than Nicholas Stevens signed over ten years to build the Panama Canal. I suggest you buy a book about that project, and read it. Fascinating story. And keep in mind, we’ll be entering the history books in the same league as the men who built the canal.”
They turned a corner to a mini suite of three offices, and another, smaller lounge anchoring those three offices. A beautiful Asian woman was sitting at the reception desk. “This is Kiko, Bob. I have my own personal secretary, Carol, so Kiko will be able to help you with most anything you need.”
“Hi Bob Jones,” Kiko said, flashing what Bob found to be an unbelievably sweet smile.
Bob extended a hand and approached her desk, “very nice to meet you Kiko.”
The two shook hands and then Tom pulled Bob by the shoulders and led him towards his office. As they walked into the office Tom said “and, sorry to say, Kiko is married with a three-year old at home. Sorry to tell you that.”
“Happily married?” 
“The best I can tell, yes.  I know the single scene around here though, I’ll introduce you around.  This is a great place to be single. Lots of women, never married women, divorced women, and some married women who don’t care. A real ethnic melting pot, whatever you want, it’s here.”
“I’ve noticed, just never thought of myself as part of it. Guess I am now.”
“I aim to keep you the happiest guy in Walnut Creek. I want you to know, again, how pleased I am to have you on board.  If I can have anything to do with keeping you happy, I’ll do it. Just one thing I want you to remember,” Tom firmly grasped Bob’s shoulders, their noses a foot apart, staring him directly in the eyes, “I tell you to do something, you do it, exactly as I told you how to do it. Know the operating limits for your own creativity, and don’t ever stray outside those boundaries. Unquestioned, unflagging loyalty, no matter what. You give me that, I’ll give you the world.”
Bob swallowed hard, hoping Tom did not feel his flinching, “of course, Tom, you’ll always have that from me, without question.”
Bob surveyed the spacious office that Tom had made for himself. There was an eclectic collection of artwork on the walls, both minor originals and reproductions of famous works.
“How did you get the Louvre to part with that?” Bob asked, pointing at the Mona Lisa hanging over the credenza behind his desk.
“Wasn’t easy,” Tom laughed.
There was a painting hanging by itself on a wall covered in a celadon toned, grass wallpaper. “What’s that one called?”
“Lady in Repose.”
Bob tilted his head far to one side and covered one eye with his hand. “I suppose I can see that, if I try real hard,” he laughed.
Bob did not know if Tom was an actual collector himself, or just had an interior designer pick the art out. The furniture was all solid wood, and of a very modern design. Tom had his desk, a separate sitting area, and an elegant conference table set for eight. All in all, it was befitting the CEO of a one hundred billion dollar enterprise. As Tom took his seat behind the desk Bob sat across from him.
“We treat ourselves well here at the Authority, but we also work hard to earn it.  At the stage we’re in right now we have lots of work to do, and we’re shovel-ready. At the same time we have to present an image, an image that everything is fine and moving as planned. We have to inspire the public and keep that inspiration, the confidence in the system is hanging by a thread, and it’ll be another year or two before the public can really see that this is more than a pipe dream, that it’s fast becoming reality, that we’re ushering in a new era. You just couldn’t find yourself in a better place than I’m putting you, Bob.” Tom ran his fingers along the edge of desk, back and forth, waiting for Bob to say something.
“I do appreciate this opportunity, and I know you’re looking for an undivided loyalty to you and the cause. I can assure you, you have that. I fully understand the need to be a dedicated worker and to be enthusiastic at every point in the project. Will I have any public exposure, or is that your sandbox?”
“Primarily mine, I’ll work you into it a little bit as you grow more knowledgeable of the project, so by all means, start practicing your delivery. We’ll hold you back from press conferences for the time being, and if you get ambushed by the press at a site or any other place, defer.” 
Tom gave Bob a heavily redacted, need-to-know synopsis of his meeting with the governor, condensing the four minutes into one. He gave Bob the names of the Five Primes, Bob knew and had met them all during his career. Two of them had started out driving concrete mixers themselves, and grew their empires by being smart, or at least by becoming adept at playing the game. The other three had inherited substantial operations from their fathers. But these acorns fell close to the tree, and they in turn made these thriving businesses into major players in the financial, construction, and political circles of the state. All but one of the five had private jets to tour their operations and projects up and down the state. 
All five had palatial mansions, as well as beach homes and condos in resorts around the world. They had grown rich, very rich, building the California of the twenty-first century. And it was about to get that much sweeter for them, and for their sons and daughters who were already preparing to succeed their fathers, and bring the family businesses to even greater heights.
Bob did not envy the Five Primes as much as he respected them. And feared them. He knew he not only had to stay in the good graces of Tom Bates, but also each and every one of the Primes. They had power that came directly from their pocketbook. As desperately as Tom and the politicians wanted the public to believe the California SwiftRail Authority was an independently operating organization, that simply was not the case. It was completely against the nature of the ruling class to allow something with access to so much money, and the shaping of people’s lives, to operate outside their sphere of influence. And it was those deep pockets, the Primes and their like, that funded campaigns, bought access, wielded influence.  They were the puppet masters, the legislators their puppets. 
Having given Bob enough information to get started, Tom signaled that the meeting was over, and Bob could go make himself comfortable in his office before they left for lunch. Bob walked into his office and saw that the same interior designer had applied her skills to his space. It was about half the size of Tom’s and lacked a conference table. But it was much more than he had ever had in the past, and the rich touches were evident everywhere. It would do just fine. Down the road Bob would discover that the designer was one of Tom’s conquests, and the contract to outfit these offices an obvious “thank you” for a good time.  
Bob barely had time to take it all in before Tom appeared at his door and summoned him for lunch.
After a lengthy lunch, at which Tom filled Bob in on a dizzying number of details, they returned to the offices. Tom shook hands with Bob and told him he’d be gone for the next few days, traveling down to Los Angeles for strategy sessions related to the build out in the south part of the state. He was being flown down in a private jet, owned by Ken Dinwiddie, one of the Five Primes.
Bob saw that Carol had left an after-lunch surprise for him on his desk. There was a stack of paper an inch thick sitting directly in front of his chair. As he sat she ducked her head in the door. “I hope Tom told you what to do with those papers,” she said.
“I’ve got a good idea. Review them, sign them, maybe think a little about them?”
“Sign them, but you don’t need to think too much about them.”
“Carol, would you mind sitting down for a minute?”
“No, not at all,” Carol said, taking a seat across from Bob. 
“How long you been here?”
“Pretty much since Tom moved the offices down here from Sacramento, about five months ago.”
“Do you know why they moved down here?”
“I’m guessing mostly for appearances sake. Being in Sacramento gave the appearance that the authority and the lawmakers were operating too much in collusion, that’s what I think.”
“Makes sense. Does Tom get many visitors?”
“No, he likes to travel himself. More often he’ll go to them, whoever they might be. Unless they’re quite a bit lower ranking, then even if he wanted to get out of here he wouldn’t, they’ll come here, he puts lots of stock in appearances. And pay grades are part of that.”
“You like working for him?”
“Best boss I’ve ever had. He truly looks out for all of us, really takes good care of us.”
“Does he speak well of me?”
“Didn’t know the first thing about who would be occupying this office until yesterday, just that someone would be coming in. But you don’t need much of an introduction other than having Tom’s confidence. I hope you appreciate that, he wouldn’t have brought you in here if he didn’t believe one hundred percent in you.”
“Yes, and I do appreciate that. He’ll get everything he wants from me, and more. Because you’re right, he does take good care of his people. He told me about you over lunch. He thinks the world of you as well.”
“Thank you for sharing that,” Carol said, smiling.
“Anything I should know about how things operate around here?” Bob asked.
Carol was silent as she sized up the question, tried to figure out if there was any hidden meaning in it. Bob sensed this and added “anything that I’m sure to discover on my own, in the normal course of business. Not asking you to betray any trust or secrets, of course.”
“Okay. Just remember that Tom Bates is absolutely sure of himself and what he’s doing. He doesn’t think he’s capable of a miscalculation or a wrong decision. He can and will make enormous decisions in what seems like an imprudently short period of time. But he’s been gathering facts, sorting them out, and it’s usually just a matter of fitting the last piece of evidence to confirm a decision he’d probably already arrived at. He’s always prepared. He’s been ambushed before, and it will happen again, but even then, it’s likely a scenario he’s thought of, prepared for.”
“Okay, thanks, I appreciate your confidence,” Bob said.
Carol excused herself and made for the door, turning. “This one is a freebie, you didn’t ask but I’ll tell you. Don’t ever think that Tom doesn’t know what’s going on in your job, your meetings, even to some extent your personal life. Not sure how or why he does it, but he knows everything. So watch what you’re thinking, too.” She smiled as she left the room.
Bob pieced together just a little about Carol from what Tom had told him. She was fiercely loyal to Tom and would do anything he asked of her. She was an attractive woman, in her mid-thirties, on the tall side, but slender, and had what was becoming increasingly rare, poise.  She had never married her son’s father. He had left town between conception and Carol’s finding out she was pregnant, and she never thought of him as either an adequate partner or father to her unborn child, so she allowed the contact between them to evaporate, and never attempted to find him. It was not until several years after her son Vince’s birth that she discovered his odd behavior was something he would never outgrow, and he would never live independently. Tom did not name any particular syndrome, just clumsily referred to the child as ‘all messed up.’
It was approaching five o’clock, and it had already been a long day for Bob, beginning with the wrapping up of his divorce earlier that morning. Kiko stuck her head in the doorway to say good night, she was leaving. Then Carol did the same. Bob hadn’t found any of the papers in his stack to be anything out of the ordinary, but figured if it took two hours to get halfway through, he did not want to start tomorrow with two hours of the same before getting to business. So he stuffed the remainder of the pile into his briefcase, stood up, turned out his lights and left the office.
He went out the back door and found the white Pathfinder for which he had been the given the keys earlier. It was brand new, the odometer still read just thirty-two miles, and he thought not bad, a brand new forty thousand dollar vehicle, after one day on the job. It did strike him as ironic that the movers and shakers behind the agency charged with building the most fantastic of public mass transit systems were all about fancy private cars, and fast private jets. Bob couldn’t remember the last time he had ridden on a bus or train, and except for a single roundtrip on BART, the local rapid transit system, wouldn’t use mass public transit during his entire tenure at the Authority. He found that the one thousand block of Monument was actually quite a bit further down the boulevard than he had imagined, so walking to work really wasn’t going to become a daily habit.
Back at the condo he found a single message on his voice mail, reminding him to come down to the law offices tomorrow to sign off on the papers they had agreed to earlier. He booted his computer and went online to find a cleaning service for the condo, ordered Chinese food delivery and opened a beer, he would at least finish the half case he had left in the fridge before swearing it off. On a whim he ordered a new, larger, flat screen TV, then checked his e-mail to see if any ladies had responded to his internet dating inquiries. There were none. So Bob updated his profile to reflect his new standing in the community. By the time he went to bed he had received four e-mails and three winks.  Bob slept well that night.

CHAPTER FOUR
Bob fell quickly and easily into his new job, rapidly getting to know all the employees at the Authority, being very authentic and outgoing towards them when he went and visited each one individually at their work stations. He wanted to do all he could to earn the same type of loyalty from them that Tom had from those directly beneath himself. He asked and learned about their families, noted birthdays, marital statuses, issues in their personal lives. Bob was realizing just how much he had learnt from Tom in the skill of maintaining interpersonal relationships.  After making  the complete round in the first week he knew, and remembered, the names of all thirty-seven employees of the Authority. Learning and knowing the names of the hundreds of contacts at the subcontractors would have been more of a problem, except he knew to simply let the Primes take care of that, and Bob concentrated on developing his relationship with the owners.
August was always the hottest of months in Walnut Creek, and early on the cooling delta breeze had all but shut itself off. The offices at the Authority had their own individual thermostats, but Bob liked having a window that opened, so he could catch the breeze when it blew. He walked into Tom’s office, it was one of the increasingly few days that Tom was in town. “Tom, is there any way to get one of the fixed windows in my office replaced with a casement that I can open?”
“I dunno, guess that can be done. Don’t call the landlord though. Even though we have a fifteen year lease on the space, they might object. Call Delmonico, he has a window and door division, he could probably do it for you.” Bob Delmonico was one of the Five Primes, his firm would build the terminals along the backbone between Sacramento and the last stop before Los Angeles, where another one of the Primes would take over, building the ten stations in Los Angeles and San Diego.
Bob called and spoke directly to Bob Delmonico, needing to reintroduce himself, and figuring that would be the ideal time to ask about a window.  Delmonico had a man there that afternoon and the window installed three days later. Bob had assumed  the installation was a favor, and was surprised when, a week later, an invoice for almost nine thousand dollars showed up. He brought it to Tom’s attention. Tom shrugged and said it was okay, they had a budget for improvements, and hadn’t used any of it for months, spending the money served a purpose. 
It was a Friday morning and as Bob was entering the executive suite of the authority offices Tom called out to him from inside his office. “Come in here Bob,” he said.
Bob walked in and took a seat across from Tom. “What’s up?”
“I need you to go down to the South Valley, we’ve been dealing with a lawsuit over an endangered species of lizard that seems to like calling the Altamont Pass ridgeline home. If we bisect the ridgeline, then the lizards won’t, presumably, be able to figure out how to cross the tracks to get to the other side. We’re looking at a three-year lawsuit, which we would win, but don’t want the delay. So instead of riding over the ridgeline, we’re boring a 7,000 foot tunnel underneath it. Not much of an engineering challenge, it’s pretty soft ground, but lots of steel and concrete needed to prevent a collapse.”
“I don’t even know where to begin looking for a tunnel boring machine. Or if one is available, or what it’ll cost.”
“Hey, they built the first Caldecott Tunnel in record time with dynamite and pick axes. Find a way. I want to see dirt trucked out of there by the end of the month. CalTrans has orders from the top, we get priority on road closures, access, anything we need. This is on your top five list, steal from other sites if you need to, just get it going before anyone knows what’s going on.”
“That won’t be cheap. How much will that add to the cost?”
“A bit, I’m authorizing two hundred million for it, probably want to get Dinwiddie to do the job, he can handle it, and he’ll get on it right away.  And Bob . . . If you can get it for a hundred and fifty million, then do, and save us some money.”
“That’s still a lot of money. That stretch won’t even see a train for fifteen years, why the rush?”
Tom raised an eyebrow in Bob’s direction, he didn’t need to, and wasn’t going to, answer the question. 
“Of course,” Bob said, “that’s already been decided by a higher pay grade.”
Ignoring the sarcasm, Tom continued, “I anticipated this, so the engineering’s been done, and it meets the guidelines that we offered, and the court accepted, so it’s shovel-ready. If they can start tomorrow, fine.”
“Of course. I’ll head down there tomorrow.”
“We have all the permissions from the court and elsewhere to proceed, so no reason to waste time after you assess the situation. I have to go to D.C. for a few days. Ohio is giving up its high speed rail money, and the feds won’t let ‘em keep it for other transportation needs. So, it’s free money sitting there, gonna go and get us some of that.”
“At least enough to pay for the tunnel, I hope.”
“I’m better than that. I’ll come back with enough money to buy ten tunnels.”
Bob returned to his office and reviewed the stack of papers on his desk. Despite the fact that Tom was in town he had left a bunch of purchase orders and ok-to-pay-invoice forms on his desk. Ignoring a backlog of work he had to get to, Bob took time to read them over, even though Tom had told him that had already been done, and if they appeared on his desk, all he had to do was sign. There was one invoice for the tunnel engineering and design work.  It had a start date of about four weeks earlier, and completion just the day before. Pretty efficient billing department at RossiCo Engineering, he thought. And a huge team of engineers, he hoped, as he eyed the $1,250,000 invoice for four weeks’ work.

• • •

It was a Saturday, ideal Bob thought, to take a drive down to the Altamont Pass himself and check out the surveyor’s marks for the tunnel alignment. Nobody would be around yet. It was not until he pulled the trigger that it would become an around-the-clock, seven-day-a-week worksite. He walked down to the parking garage and fished in his pocket for the keys to the four wheel drive Pathfinder. He started it up and drove down to the point on Highway 580 where he could see the stakes and ribbons the surveying team had left behind, unsecured, and hopefully of little interest to the neighborhood vandals and hooligans. What a disaster that would be if some mischievous youths had decided to move this stake a foot forward, or that one a foot to the left. He would look for any signs of tampering, but first thing Monday the work area would need to be secured by eight-foot fencing and security, at least until there were around-the-clock work crews and supervision on site.
He pulled onto the shoulder and deemed the slope down, and then up the other side, easy to navigate and took off on a path that he figured would make the most likely access path to the construction site. It would take no more than a day for a scraper or two to  construct a sturdy enough road for the heavy equipment to pass over. Assuming, of course, they did not uncover any thousand-year old bones in the process. 
That was one of his recurring nightmares, and a costly delay that could idle an eighty thousand dollar a day operation for who knows how long, potentially months.  If he judged that the issue could be resolved in under a week he would keep the crew on site, doing nothing, and chewing a half million dollar hole in his budget. Any longer, and the men and equipment would be reassigned to another work site. 
He found a large area that was already relatively flat, it would make an acceptable three-acre staging area. Bob parked the Pathfinder and walked around a bit, keeping an eye out for movement on the ground, curious now to see what a California tiger salamander looked like. Up on the ridgeline he could see nothing but enormous, white, wind turbines stretching as far as the eye could see, running north and south along the Diablo Mountain Range. Their rotating blades serving as buzz saws to the five thousand birds a year, nearly one hundred of them protected golden eagles, that did not survive their encounter with this bizarre landscape. Too bad the windmill farm owner did not have the luxury of selling credits to SwiftRail, credits for the salamanders saved when their predators, the raptors, were taken out by his whirling turbine blades.
Satisfied with what he saw, Bob returned to his Pathfinder and back to the freeway, still with most of a beautiful Saturday to do as he pleased, but finding he was at a loss what to do with himself. There was nothing back at his lonely condo beckoning him; and he knew that to the east, in the Central Valley, he was unlikely to find anything amusing. He thought about calling Tom, taking him up on the offer to get introduced around a little to the single scene that he seemed to know as well as the route his train was going to follow.
“Tom, this is Bob,” he made the call after all.
“Oh, hi Bob what’s up?”
“Just took a drive down to Altamont, everything looks set to start moving equipment in. A few scrapers to carve an access road and a staging area, shouldn’t take more than a day.”
“That’s good Bob.” Bob could hear a woman pleading with Tom in the background. “I’m in the middle of something, anything else?”
Tom had his own needs on his mind, so Bob let it go. “No, nothing else, just have a nice weekend.”
“Okay, you too.”
Bob ran his Pathfinder across the three lanes of eastbound freeway, crossed the grassy median, and headed home.  Halfway there he passed the familiar off ramp that led to his former home in Rodeo. He pulled off and slowly made his way to the home he had once shared with Julie. Not seeing Julie’s car in the driveway he figured it was okay to park on the road and think for a few minutes.  There wouldn’t be any suspicion of stalking.  
With the train’s routes already determined, any one of the several million residents in the Benicia to Pleasanton corridor wanting to take the bullet train would be best served by the Central Valley’s Modesto station. So he reset the trip-timer on the Pathfinder’s computer and set out south on Highway 680, headed to the 580/680 intersection, and the trip east to Modesto to pick up a theoretical bullet train for a ride to Los Angeles. He passed by the spot where he had stopped an hour earlier, to inspect the tunnel construction site. He was thirty-five minutes into his trip when he crossed over Highway 5, where he would have turned and headed south, had he been driving to Los Angeles instead of taking the train.
It was another forty-five minutes before he pulled up in front of a dilapidated two city block section of Modesto, the future home of the Modesto SwiftRail terminal. He added in fifteen minutes for parking and walking to the platform and then assumed he had been cautious and allowed himself fifteen minutes for unforeseen traffic delays on his way there, to ensure he wouldn’t be late and miss the train. So all told, it would be an hour and a quarter between passing the Highway 5 South exit and being on board the SwiftRail as it pulled out of the Modesto station, headed south to Los Angeles. Had he turned south on Highway 5 seventy-five minutes earlier, and made the trip by car, he would be well south of Fresno by now. It would not be until Bakersfield that the train would have caught up to his car on their separate journeys to Los Angeles.
From this point on the train would start making up time, but not all that much. It would beat him to Los Angeles by about thirty-five minutes.  But it wouldn’t beat him to his ultimate destination. That would be within two miles of the closest freeway off ramp. In his personal car he would not need to hail a cab at the sidewalk outside the terminal in Los Angeles and pay forty-five dollars for the forty minute ride to his destination.
There was just no way, unless your actual starting place was in an apartment across the street from the Modesto terminal, and your destination was an office across the street from the Los Angeles terminal, that a point-to-point trip by rail could be any quicker or any more convenient than hopping in your car and driving yourself. The train might prove competitive with air travel some day, because an air terminal provided the same ‘getting to and getting from’ issues as a rail terminal. But Bob could not see how it would take a single car off the road.
Bob looked at his watch, it was late in the afternoon, he had killed another couple hours. He turned around and headed home. Driving down the westbound freeway he looked north and then south. There were vineyards as far as he could see. Thirty years ago the land had been virtually worthless, growing mostly low value crops. Then the California table wine boom arrived and values doubled and tripled as the land was put into grape production. But that value was still contingent on both changing consumer tastes and mother nature’s hold on California’s on-again off-again drought forecast. Now those landowners saw an opportunity to see their investment grow ten-fold. Be prepared to offer us ten times what we paid for the land, or face a determined, unified front in the legislature and the courts to prevent eminent domain takings of our land.
Though it was early Bob had eaten little all day and he stopped by what had been his and Julie’s favorite restaurant, India Oven. Any time he ate there he knew he ran the risk of bumping into Julie, something he really did not want to do. But she had taken more than her fair share of their friends in the split, and he wasn’t about to let her get his favorite restaurant as well. Peering in through the window and not seeing her, he went in. It was early enough that most of the tables were empty so he took a seat in the back and declined the menu when Shira, a waitress he had come to know well over the years, came up to his table.
“Hi Bob, how are you?” Shira asked.
“Doing fine Shira, thanks, how about you?”
“Okay too. You want your usual? Anything to drink?”
“Yeah, the usual, spicy hot, and how about  a beer, thanks.”
“Okay Bob.”
There was so much that was now different about his life. His wife, gone. His son, away at school. A new job that promised lots of excitement and privilege. Not bad. Not at all what he had expected his future to look like a few years ago, or even a few weeks ago, but he knew that if he did not approach the rest of his life with enthusiasm and hope then it really wasn’t going to amount to much.  He finished his meal and paid his bill, leaving a very generous tip for Shira, then left the restaurant.
Though he hadn’t bumped into Julie, for which he was grateful, he was surprised to find Carol, Tom’s secretary, standing outside.
“Hi Carol,” he greeted her.
“Oh, hi Bob, how are you?”
“Doing fine, thank you. Great restaurant here, isn’t it?”
“Actually, this is my first time here, you recommend anything?”
“Yes, exactly that, anything. I have my favorites, but I’ve eaten enough here that over time I’ve had just about everything they serve, and never been disappointed. You waiting on someone?”
“Yes, meeting a blind date, someone I met on online.”
“Oh, really, that’s great,” Bob said, wondering how this could have gotten under Tom’s radar. After all, he had told Bob that Carol’s life was pretty much devoted to her job, and the security that provided her in caring for her disabled son. “Well, I wish you the best of luck, and hope it all works out for you!”
The said good-bye to each other and Bob got in his car and left for home, leaving Carol standing, waiting for a date that may or may not show up, that was the risk with anonymous online dating as Bob himself was finding out. He wondered what service Carol was using, he did not recall seeing her profile in his searches, and he guessed that she fit the criteria he had selected when he made those searches. He would look a little closer that evening when he went back online.
When Bob arrived at his condo the first thing he did was boot up his computer and open a beer. He sat down on the sofa and peered absently into the dark screen of the TV. His life was supposed to be getting exciting, edgy, perhaps unpredictable. But it still seemed the boring existence he had had for the past several years, spending time alone at home, surfing the internet, drinking a few too many beers, eating alone, sleeping alone. His new job did afford him the income to change all that, once he figured out how. It was a position with prestige, his new line was that he was building the most ambitious infrastructure project the country had ever known. He signed hundreds of millions in invoices every week. Surely he had an impressive new profile, and it would take him places.
The tone from the computer brought him out his trance, he had mail. The  junk e-mail was still coming over after he had made an ill-advised response to an anonymous message from a phisher who had promised him his choice of beautiful women if he would just click on a link. He did. Four months ago. And now he was getting dozens of unsolicited e-mails every day, many with photos attached, all promising the same thing, but unable to deliver anything.  He deleted them all, and resolved to get himself a new e-mail address.
Bob went onto the first dating site that came to mind and entered his best guess at how Carol would have described herself: age, body type, ethnicity, suitable age range for a suitor...perhaps she was keeping her son Vince a secret, so Bob entered doesn’t matter when answering the has children question. The search engine returned 543 profiles, and for the next two hours Bob carefully combed through them looking for Carol, but occasionally stopping at another that aroused his curiosity, and senses.  But he never did find Carol on that or any other online dating site. 

CHAPTER FIVE
Bob quickly added up the numbers in his head. He had just signed work orders to mobilize an army of laborers and their heavy equipment to begin excavating an additional forty miles of track bed, as well as a convoy of concrete mixers that, on the freeway, would stretch as far as the eye could see. They were building four temporary concrete mixing plants along the route in order to cut back on the distances travelled by those mixers. The Authority had cornered the market in concrete and earth moving equipment throughout the Central Valley over the past month. The suppliers had been advised that, if they wanted this plum, and the ability to charge up to four hundred dollars per yard of delivered concrete, to start turning away any other business that walked in their front door. Four years of a withering  economy had led to consolidations and a contraction in the materials industry, bringing supply and demand into balance. The market was not prepared for this sudden increase in demand, and those that remained simply could not resist the prices the Authority was willing to pay, and found the justification to cut off their long-term customers, the customers who had kept them alive during hard times.
Bob did not expect it would be long before he was on the wrong side of the desk from some pretty angry builders. He couldn’t have been more prescient. Bob heard a muffled, but clearly angry voice engaging Kiko through the closed door to his office. Bob stood up and walked out into the executive lobby. A woman, she looked vaguely familiar from the side, was leaning with both fists on Kiko’s desktop, her head tilted forward, almost nose to nose with Kiko. She straightened up and turned when Bob addressed her.
“Can I help you?” Bob asked. As the woman turned he saw that it was Denise Caruthers, the owner of a mid-sized builder of slap-up concrete warehouses that so dominated the Central Valley industrial complexes.
“Bob Jones! What are you doing here?”
“I work here, probably the one you want to talk to, though I can’t hear a bid unless it goes through the online bid submission system first,” he said.
She was livid. “I have no interest in doing any work for the authority. But I’m still interested in working for my clients, and I would, if you guys weren’t locking up the entire fucking market for concrete, steel and mixers. I have a job to start in Merced next week, I’m having to go all the way to Redding to find a dozen mixers and a pumper. You know that won’t work. And you know I can’t come anywhere near to matching the price you’re willing to pay these subs to haul and pour your concrete for you! What gives, why all at once? Why are you trying to fuck us?”
Bob slid a finger under his collar to let some air circulate around his neck. He was uncomfortable with the confrontation, and not quite sure how to handle it. He really had no good answers for her. It was purposeful on the part of the authority, but the purpose would make no sense to anyone else. Spend as much as possible, as quickly as possible. Get to the point of no return before anyone realized what was going on. A strategy that was sure to come with lots of collateral damage. Denise Caruthers was collateral damage.
Kiko was clearly flustered and ready to call security. Bob raised a hand towards Kiko and asked Denise to come into his office. He closed the door behind her. Denise was steaming, her anger unlikely to be tempered by anything Bob might have to say.
“This is bullshit,” she said. Bob knew her fairly well, but he had never seen her like this before.
“There’s a dozen suppliers up and down 99, between Stockton and Bakersfield,  I’m not contracted with more than six of them, how’s that a problem?” Bob asked, trying to appear genuinely confused by her predicament.
“Your six, whoever they are, cannot handle this alone in the time you want it done. They’ve subbed with almost all the remaining suppliers, and just about every independent driver out there. They’re turning us all away, and if they’re not doing that, they’re jacking the prices. Why you have to get this done so quick, anyway?”
“I’d tend to agree with you, but it’s simply not my call. I’m not even sure where the orders come from, they just trickle down to me from Tom Bates, the director. Not sure he even makes the decisions himself, either.”
“You’re killin’ us, just killin’ us,” Denise stated in a somewhat calmer voice.
“How soon you need your equipment and concrete?” Bob asked.
“Week from this coming Monday.”
“How many yards, mixers, and pumpers you need?”
“Two hundred seventy yards, over eight hours, figuring twenty-four yards per mixer in an eight hour shift, so twelve mixers, no make that  thirteen, gimme a back-up, and two pumpers, Putz 32’s, or something similar.”
“I’ll make a couple calls, they’ll contact you this afternoon to make arrangements. I’ll release them to you, but you’re on your own negotiating price. I’ll tell them to forget what we’re paying, and charge you standard industry pricing, or less. I’ll get Torcelli, he always liked you.”
“Thanks Bob. Call me if I can ever do something for you. Anything for you,” she held his hand warmly, very calm and pleased with her performance, before leaving his office.
Bob watched her leave from the doorway to his office, then glanced over at Kiko who was in turn watching him, intently. “You seemed to have fixed that pretty smoothly,” she said.
“I gave her what she wanted,” Bob shrugged. “But not a word to Tom, okay?”
Kiko smiled. She was getting wise to how business was done at the Authority. And her loyalty seemed to be squarely with Bob, much more so than with Tom, the man who hired her.

• • •

Tom usually summoned Bob to his office when he had something to discuss, today was different. He walked into Bob’s office and sat down across the desk from Bob. He appeared somewhat shaken. “Bob, the president’s coming out to California next Monday for a campaign stop, he wants a photo op at one of our sites, one where we have lots of progress and lots of activity. What’s your suggestion?”
“Hoa, boy. Lemme see. Section six down towards Fresno is the most built out right now, but much of the equipment has already been moved over to section two, east of San Jose. So lots of equipment there, but not much infrastructure to see. This isn’t an easy one.”
“Pull up the onsite cam for six, lemme see it.”
Bob pressed a few keys on his laptop and the scene at section six appeared on his wall screen. 
“Looks dead, I don’t even see any security. Pull up section two next to it. By the way, where is security at six?” Tom asked.
“We just do drive bys during daylight, full time security on site at night.”
“Comfortable with that?”
“Yeah, I’m okay with that. Some graffiti is probably the most we need to worry about, and that would eventually be covered up by the granite facing, someday, down the line.”
Tom studied the side by side images for a few moments. “Okay, we’ll use section six for the president’s visit, but move half of the equipment over from section two by Friday.”
“What?”
“Six is much more photogenic, but it looks abandoned. I want that equipment moved over there by Friday.”
“We’re looking at probably a hundred thousand in roundtrip moving expenses, and three days worth of lost production.”
Tom waved his hand, “don’t worry about it, we’ll make it up. The lost production, authorize some more weekend overtime, and we’ll be caught up in two weeks, and it’ll make some union guys real happy.”
“Ok Tom,” Bob said, carefully concealing his resignation, making it sound more like enthusiasm.
“Oh, also, only move in the Cats and other American-made equipment, the president doesn’t want any foreign made equipment within five miles of the site.  Remember, this is what’s good for American jobs.”
Bob looked at that video of section six on his wall. “All the steel stockpiled there, has Chinese characters all over it.”
“Hmmm, paint over it, hang American flags over it, do what you need to do. It’s in your hands, I’ll be in San Francisco for the next few days, of course I’ll be back in time for the visit. Make sure the Prime’s are represented. Ask Fluke about his corporate jet, for us. The president of course will be flying in to Travis, takes Marine One from there directly to the site. But they’ll still bring his motorcade down from Travis, so prepare an exclusive parking lot for about twenty vehicles.”
“Even though he’s flying down in the chopper, his motorcade still comes along?”
“He’s the king. I dunno if it’s his decision, or secret service. If they need it, they want options to get him out of there, fast. Or maybe he’ll wanna go shake a few hands at the local burger joint after the site tour.”
“Doesn’t he know about ‘go to meeting’? Seems like a much easier, cheaper, and environmentally friendly way to conduct business,” Bob sounded a little snide, and Tom picked up on it.
“Get over it. He needs the photo-op.”
“There are ways to do that to, they can make whole movies without a single living, breathing actor in them, and you’d never know it. Besides, what is he doing campaigning in California anyway, he has it locked up.”
“He’s here for the money, he’ll probably collect ten million at fund raisers, maybe try and help a few congressmen who are shaky for re-election.”
“His trip is costing far more than he’ll ever raise.”
“Just get on it,” Tom said, standing to leave the room, sounding a little irritated.
Bob watched as Tom left.  It would be easy enough though costly to move the equipment over from section two. But getting some more forms built and pouring concrete for the next five hundred feet of track bed would be another problem altogether. He had promised Denise a chunk of his equipment for that day, and he’d already dismantled the concrete mixing substation between sections six and five. Concrete for a pour would have to be trucked in over sixty miles, meaning at least thirty mixers to keep the flow of concrete constant. He sighed as he realized he was the one, now, who was going to have to subcontract the mixers from Redding, the ones that Denise didn’t want to spring for. An extra two thousand gallons of diesel, hotel rooms for twenty drivers, premium paydays. Before it was all said and done this photo op would cost nearly half a million dollars. He hoped that the president would leave behind a hefty new contribution towards the build-out in return for this favor.
For the next five days Bob found himself at the office, on the phone, drawing up plans to satisfy the authority’s federal paymaster, already the source of four billion dollars, and ultimately, much, much more to come. He didn’t want to acknowledge, but realized, that continued federal funding for the railroad was dependent on one man, and that if the president wasn’t re-elected there would be much more pressure to sell more bonds to make up the difference, putting the state of California deeper in debt.  So maybe it was necessary to satisfy him. It was the norm in securing government funds, a few millions would miraculously turn into billions. It was alchemy, it was how you turned cheap beer into expensive champagne.
The president’s advance team, a dozen political aides and secret service agents, were at work handling most of the arrangements; working with the Highway Patrol to provide an escort for the president-less motorcade from Travis to outside Fresno, the on-site security details, a true logistical nightmare. All Bob had to do was make sure that section six looked pretty, busy, and had lots of American made equipment and smiling American workers churning dirt and pouring concrete. The president already knew, or could easily be briefed, on the progress of the railroad, what the different crews were doing. But he would still be standing there, looking pensive, polished safety glasses sitting on the bridge of his nose, his hand stroking his chin, trying to look inquisitive and interested in what was going on around him, rather than tallying fund raising receipts in his mind.
Bob had a member of that advance team assigned to him fulltime for those five days. His name was Cedric, he was a young African-American male, very sharp and committed to serving his boss. He was not there to help, but to observe, comment, and correct. He never made a single suggestion during that time, only demands. If he didn’t like something it was to be changed. For five days this kid was Bob’s boss. But Bob had gotten used to doing business like this, he had perfected a smile that was no more than a mask, it told the person he was looking at that, yes, he would be happy to do exactly as told. How high do you want me to jump?
Still, no reason not to have a little fun with Cedric, Bob thought. “Cedric, how about a banner across the fence announcing the Fresno Terminal named in the president’s honor?”
Cedric apparently took the suggestion seriously and returned with “no, not Fresno. Perhaps the main Los Angeles terminal, that would be the one we should name in his honor.”
Bob immediately regretted his joke, hoping he had not planted a seed he did not want to grow.
Cedric took his leave at noon on Friday, bound for some rest and relaxation in San Francisco over the weekend preceding the visit by the president. He thanked Bob before leaving, even while advising him to stay in contact should anything arise, or should Cedric have any more requirements prior to the event, what was to be just a small part of a fast-paced schedule over three days while in California.

• • •

By Saturday Bob was able to confirm that all the equipment had been moved, and there was no foreign made equipment to be seen on site. On Sunday Bob did something he hadn’t done in years, he went to church. Not to pray, or seek guidance, or cleanse his soul, but more to observe, and see what the congregation took away after spending a morning in those hallowed halls. 
He picked a large church, Contra Costa County’s true mega-church, he wanted to remain anonymous, though he knew he was likely to bump into some acquaintances, mostly friends from his days in Rodeo. He had not known many people in his old Caltrans field office to have been churchgoers.  Bob was pretty good at estimating crowds and guessed that the nearly full worship hall had over two thousand in attendance. He was quite prepared to doze off during the sermon, until the dynamic preacher took the podium and announced the subject matter for today’s conversation, as he called it.
“Friends and fellow worshippers, we are all family. And we can talk as family when we discuss what our needs are. We do that as a family when a mother and a father and the children gather together to talk about what is good for the family. We do that as a congregation when we gather together and talk about what is good for our worship family. We do that in our communities. We do it as a state with 38 million souls; as a country with 340 million; and as a planet with seven billion.” The pastor paused for a moment to take a drink from a glass he kept at the podium.
“So today I want to talk to you about God’s gifts and Satan’s temptations and how we can tell the difference between the two,” he continued. Bob listened intently throughout the sermon. What he heard impressed him greatly. It started, with a small nudge, a shift in his outlook, his philosophy, how he thought about his life, his role in society. It was the beginning of a story that would become a chapter of its own in the history books, and he was going to live it.
Following the sermon, Bob noted with interest that two men approached the podium, and the pastor warmly clasped both their hands. The taller of the two was Raul Madrid, one of the Five Primes. The other was Assemblyman Gastner, known around the capitol as Greenlight Gastner, the go to person if you were a member of his party and needed an appropriation bill to be passed through committee and to the floor of the Assembly quicker than shit through a goose.  
Bob slowly made his way forward, certain that this trio would welcome him into their conversation, he already knew Raul and would get a glowing introduction. It didn’t hurt to add a few more powerful people to your network. Raul had his back turned to him so, as he approached he had complete anonymity. He was twenty feet away when a very focused young man walked right into their circle, his hand outstretched. It was Cedric.
Bob quickly turned on his heel and ducked behind the column to his left. There was a mass of parishioners swirling about him, he melted into them and worked his way towards the back of the church, out of their sight, and unable to hear what they were saying. Not that he needed to hear what they had to say.
Cedric represented the president, who had made this trip to California so many times in the past, always with an open wallet, stuffed with federal dollars. This weekend he would be leaving with a re-election campaign wallet stuffed with their money. Money that had been laundered, going from the federal reserve into projects in California, into the pockets of men like Raul, who then returned some of it, a miniscule portion of it, to his campaign coffers. But that did not matter, a miniscule portion of billions of dollars was still a substantial amount, enough to sway the opinions of voters in an election. 
It was an odd trio, and with Cedric now in attendance, it all made sense. Where just ten minutes ago Bob had wondered if it was an intrigue in the making he now knew it was a conspiracy. Raul had doubled, tripled the size of his firm in just the last four years, feeding at the trough of stimulus dollars financing infrastructure projects. Gastner had had a hand in directing those funds to the projects of his choice, a privilege that had been borne of his chairmanship of the state’s, and his party’s, immense re-election campaign funding apparatus; and the pastor, he had, just a month earlier, been present for the ribbon cutting on a new thirty million dollar freeway ramp that seemed to serve not much more than his mega-church. A ramp that had been a condition of the use permit before they ever turned a spade of soil on the church a decade earlier, and for which his church had been on the hook, until the stimulus steamroller came into town, absorbed the cost, and relieved the pastor and his flock of that burden.
Bob was jaded and verging on paranoid, but it was not at all unjustified. Everyone was in on the ransacking of the people’s treasury. Long before the color green had been co-opted by the environmental community it had been the color of envy. Green was also the color of money. Envy and money. If that community over there was going to get theirs, then we sure as damn well were going to get ours. 
The Authority was just one more enormous pot of money, created from thin air, and backed by the future taxing power of the state. A pot of money, a cookie jar, that had too many grasping hands. A church gets its thirty million dollar freeway ramp and delivers its legion of parishioners as votes; a politician gets his projects green lighted, earning campaign cash in return; a contractor gets winning bid after winning bid and watches his empire grow, sharing his good fortune with those who made it possible; and a president rakes in millions of dollars in campaign contributions as thank you’s for his generous largesse. It was an astounding machine, but like the pinpoint hole that slowly deflates a balloon, the stress that is caused when you continue to pump more air into the balloon will someday cause it to burst at the pinpoint. 
It was just like when Bill asked Mike “How did you go bankrupt?” and Mike responded with “Two ways. Gradually, then suddenly,” in the exchange penned by Ernst Hemingway in The Sun Also Rises.  Where would he, Bob, be when the sun rose on Operation Midnight Departure?
It was not so much that the people were planting the seed of their destruction, but sowing whole fields. And it was not like the errant, stowaway seed of the yellow star thistle that hitchhiked a ride on a load of Chilean alfalfa one hundred and fifty years ago and now infested 15,000,000 acres of California, as far as the eye could see in all directions. These were purposefully planted fields, fields of greed and corruption, dishonesty and ignorance.

• • •

On Monday morning Bob tried to look rested and at ease, like the true team player he had been hired on as, after the hectic weekend of planning for the arrival of the president, and an hour long sermon on Sunday that had struck such a blow to his confidence and beliefs. He had no illusions of riding with the president’s motorcade down to section six, but since he had been given a seat on Fluke’s private jet for the ride to Fresno, he decided to accept the offer of seeing the president land, and standing in the receiving line.  He showed his badge at the Travis Air Force Base gate and was waved over to a security pad where a couple of Secret Service agents inspected his vehicle while a uniformed officer swept his vehicle with an explosives detecting wand, and yet another slowly walked a sniffing German Shepherd around him. He was given the okay and escorted to a secured parking lot from which he walked to the bleak terminal building.
As he walked in he saw the Five Prime’s and Tom Bates standing around talking animatedly. Bob had met all five of the Primes individually, but never all together at a single time. They greeted him warmly, fully understanding that Bob was the gun into which they would pour their grease to keep the machinery of this enterprise running smoothly. Bob was clearly enjoying the attention, and the opportunity to rub shoulders with these men–there were no women among the Primes–men who had achieved such prominence, and were about to reach for even greater heights.
“Okay, guys, just got a text, they want us to assemble outside, the president should be landing shortly.” Tom extended a hand towards the door they would take to gain access to the tarmac. As he walked out Bob took note of the layout. Off to one side there were a number of air force planes; cargo jets, fighters, transports, a tanker, all painted in the drab air force green. To the left there were already two planes, both 747’s. One was offloading a steady stream of black, armored SUV’s, and one limousine, The Beast, all appearing extraordinary bulky, even at that distance from the terminal. The other was the president’s plane, or so Bob thought until one of the Primes, Bob Delmonico, pointed to the sky and Bob saw Air Force One coming in to land, not more than a mile or two away. The president flew in two identical jets at all times, or rather, in one of them, the other being a decoy, or backup, or whatever the situation called for. Three massive jumbo jets, flying from Washington D.C., clear across the country, with a staff numbering in the hundreds, all for a photo op.
The jet landed and pulled up in line with the other two jumbos. But instead of running the mechanized stairs over to the newly arrived jet, it went for the first one. Aha! Bob thought, the pea was under the first cup all along! A red carpet was rolled out from the stairs to the waiting presidential limousine and the president appeared at the top of the steps, waving as he jauntily dashed down the stairs, seemingly in a hurry, barely giving the guests time to line up. He was met at the bottom of the steps by the governor and immediately began to engage him in a deep conversation as they walked the carpet, almost completely ignoring the gathered guests, except for the occasional half-hearted, absent-minded wave. When they reached The Beast the presidential aide in attendance to the president leaned over and whispered in his ear.
The aide handed the president a cell phone and he slowly walked in a circle, using deliberate paces, with one hand tucked under the arm that was holding the cell phone to his ear. It seemed to be a rather deep conversation that ended abruptly when he handed the phone back to the agent. He spoke quickly to the governor who nodded his head as the aide led the president away from The Beast and towards a Marine Corps Black Hawk helicopter.
The gathered dignitaries and guests looked at each other with puzzled expressions. After conferring with the president as he walked, almost jogged, to the helicopter, the president’s aide returned to the group who were now standing in a cluster around the red carpet. “Sorry, guys, been a sudden change in plans, the president has to head straight to San Francisco, a national security matter, which I am not free to disclose. He still hopes to make the tour tomorrow, though, so can you just kinda keep things in a holding pattern for the next twenty-four hours?” Answering his own question, the aide finished with “thanks guys, the President is deeply appreciative, as is the country.”
And with that the helicopter took off, heading west, as a couple of warbirds took flight to escort him to the other side of the San Francisco Bay. Bob was disgusted and disillusioned. The hole blown in his budget had just doubled in size, and perhaps all the effort, his week of sixteen hour days, all that money, quite possibly for nothing. Whether it was Tom Bates, the governor, or even the president, they really had no concept of money, and spending it, and wasting it. Perhaps they had just become so desensitized because of the outlandish sums they were used to dealing with. So what if Bob had just wasted a million dollars, through no fault of his own. It was a mere one one-thousandth of one percent of the Authority’s budget; it was what the president’s vast federal empire spent in nine seconds. 
In just ten days the federal government would spend what it would take to build the entire high speed rail system. Money had become a meaningless abstract at the aggregate level. It was at the individual level that it still had great meaning, when the bill came due and was to be paid by collecting some from him, some from her, some from them. It was starting to matter to Bob. Mattering much more than Tom Bates would’ve liked or approved.
The following day the photo op was cancelled altogether as the president had another obligation in Los Angeles. Bob scanned every inch of the newspaper for the next several days, trying to get a clue as to what the national emergency was, or what the president’s next day in Los Angeles was all about. But he found nothing. He dismissed the whole episode as he returned to the task of making up for the lost days, both in the field and in his office, where he returned to stacks of papers requiring his signature.

 CHAPTER SIX
The country was in the closing days of a hard fought, bitter election. Both sides were making outlandish promises to the people in return for their confidence and vote. So great was the preoccupation, and the perceived gains and losses on both sides, that at times it seemed it would bring the country to a standstill. There were riots as small incidents were blown out of proportion by the rhetoric, and the journalists gleefully poured gasoline on the flames in the hopes it would sell more newspapers and save their jobs.
It was in the midst of this virtual civil war between the people of the country, the blue and the red, the progressives and traditionalists, that offices around the country tried to preserve order and continue about their business, pretending the outcome would have little effect on their futures. Day after day Bob would get his stack of papers from Carol, ready to be signed. Some days he would review them carefully, and on others he would simply sign if he knew that five o’clock was rapidly approaching and he wanted to get out of there.
Still, from time to time a document would pique his interest and he would read it from top to bottom, and he came across one of those late on a Friday afternoon. It was a contract that sold the parking franchise rights at the Modesto and Merced terminals to SmartPark, a firm he had never heard of before. It was more akin to an option, however, since the parking would not be needed until the trains were actually running, and that could be in five, seven, ten years. Nobody knew for sure. The option price was insignificant at $100,000. The strike price, should the option be exercised, was only two million dollars per station, with a royalty of fifty cents per day, for each car parked. Combined, the stations would have parking for three thousand vehicles at a maximum of twelve dollars a day.  The daily receipts could end up being as much as $36,000 a day if filled to capacity. 
An addendum to the contract specified an agent who had brokered the transaction, he was to be paid fifteen percent of the option and then the purchase price if and when exercised. The agent’s name was Frank Baldwin. A common enough name, but any relation to George Baldwin, the pastor at the church he attended a few weeks earlier?  Bob went on to the Internet and did a search on SmartPark. In an obscure reference to a Rotary Club presentation, a reference that was probably unintended, he found that SmartPark was a nascent arm of Raul Madrid’s ever-expanding empire.
It was late in the day on the second Tuesday in November and Tom was in a remarkably jovial mood. The polls were closing one by one back East and the president was being called the winner in state after state. With the treasure trove of California’s electoral votes safely in his column, even before the polls closed on the West coast, the president was being assured re-election. That meant only one thing to Tom, an open money spigot for the next four years, to double, or even triple, the federal funds available to build out the backbone, perhaps even have the first running train within four years. And a compelling reason to present the next bond issue of ten billion dollars or more to the California voters. In four years it was quite possible that in excess of forty billion would be invested. And the point-of-no-return long passed for even the most obstinate of detractors. 
Despite unseasonably early and intense rainstorms the pace was picking up speed. Most of the construction sites were turning into muddy swamps, and Bob found himself cornering the market on pumps and the generators to power them. As uneconomic as it was to keep crews working at half their capacity on account of the weather, it made even less sense to let them go for long periods. Bob tried his best to devise schedules and introduce flexibility to allow for maximum productivity, but the prime contractors had their contracts, and the clauses that they did not so much want as the legislature demanded,  guaranteeing  premium pay for the union workforce regardless of the weather, or material and equipment bottlenecks. 
But there was at least one silver lining to the project, one that had been scoffed at by the opponents when the bonds were promoted as an economic stimulus with their passage four years earlier. No one thought that the hard economic times would last for four long years, but here it was, four years later, and the economic engine that the buildout presented was a shot in the arm of California’s economy. It was keeping skilled construction workers employed at terrific pay. And they in turn were spending their paychecks at the local businesses. The people of the Central Valley were becoming increasingly grateful for the jobs, oblivious to the fact that, in due time, with substantial completion of the backbone, the construction would shift to the Bay Area and Southern California where the cost of doing business would be twice that of the Central Valley, where each mile of track would cost hundreds of millions of dollars. And the breathtaking level of spending would suddenly shift upwards to unimaginable levels as five million dollar an acre land was acquired, and the labor costs doubled and tripled.

• • •

Alan Fluke, the most prominent of the Five Primes, put in a surprise visit to the office. Bob could hear Tom greeting him out in the executive reception area, but thought it wise to remain in his own office until and unless he was invited into Tom’s office.
The confidence with which Alan Fluke carried himself was awe inspiring. At six foot four, or six foot six when you factored in the exotic leather boots he always wore, he stood taller than most, even Tom. He was in a shape that most thirty-five year old men, at half his age, would have killed for. His balding head was so perfectly round and blemish free it was rumored that his pate was where he spent his cosmetic surgery dollars. A pure white mustache and goatee completed his look. He could have been a matinee idol with another couple decades as a leading man in him. He had never known poverty in his life, but as his fortunes grew, so did his taste for the finer things.
“Alan, great to see you!”  
“So nice to see you here, what brings you by?” Bob heard the two men exchange greetings.
“Hi Tom. Was in the area, thought I’d stop by and check in on my investment,” Alan said, a somewhat daring, reckless and to the point comment, Bob thought.
Tom stuck his head in Bob’s doorway, “Bob, come into my office.” Bob shrugged and got up from his desk, walked across the small lobby, smiling at Kiko, and went into Tom’s office. Alan Fluke was standing in front of Lady in Repose, the artwork that was concealing the wall safe, and perhaps a substantial amount of Fluke’s money. Bribe money, payoff money, walking around money.
“Alan Fluke is having a party at his home in Lodi this weekend, Saturday. You’re invited, and really don’t have any choice, you need to come,” Tom said.
“Hi Bob,” Alan said, greeting Bob, but not taking his eyes off the art concealing the safe.
“Hello Alan,” Bob said, holding out his hand, then withdrawing it as he realized he was offering it to nobody in particular.
“I don’t mind, Tom, would love to go. Any special reason for the party?” Bob asked both men.
“No, not really, it’s sort of a holiday thing. I’ve made some new additions to my collection I want to show off,” Alan said.
“What collection?”
“Art, mostly contemporary.”
“Some of those multi-million dollar canvases that look like large Sherwin Williams paint chips?” Bob knew that Alan had a sense of humor, and figured he could get away with that.
Tom answered for Alan. “Yeah, lots of those, also a few Matisses, Cezannes, stuff like that. Though most of those he’s owned for decades. Even Alan isn’t rich enough to buy one of those today. But every now and then he’ll sell one, then turn around and buy a Still, or a Twombly, or whatever.”
“I respect that art is in the eye of the beholder,” Alan said.
“It’s at three, you know where the estate is?”
“Yes, I do, even if you’ve been to Lodi just once you know where Alan lives. Can I bring a date?”
“Sure.”
“Okay, I’ll be there.” Bob left Tom and Alan and returned to his office and a half-done stack of papers to be signed.
Alan turned to Tom. “Tom, you know my daughter Alyson, don’t you?”
“Yes, I do.”
“She ranks up there with my artwork as a prized possession, though of course I use possession in a very broad way.” Alan pulled a pair of glasses from his blazer’s breast pocket and put them on. He pulled the built-in loupe lens down over the right side and put his nose up to Lady in Repose.
“I can imagine you do treasure her, lovely young lady.”
“I entrusted her to a young man seven years ago. He still fears me. He knows what would happen to him if anything happened to my little girl, the girl I entrusted to his care. He walks on eggshells.” Alan pulled away from the painting, took the glasses off, folded them up and returned them to his breast pocket.
“Probably wise of him,” Tom said.
“Like I said, there are two things I treasure more than anything else in this world. One is Alyson, the other is my art. Regardless of what I do with my art, loan it to a museum, buy it only to sell it later, so I can acquire other art, even use it as collateral . . . those paintings are also my children. Anybody who’s in possession of my children had best be prepared to lay their life down to protect them.”
“Duly noted, Alan.”

• • •

The week passed quickly, and Saturday had arrived.  Bob and his date were getting ready for the reception at Alan Fluke’s home in Lodi. Bob had asked an old friend to join him, it was a strictly platonic relationship, but he knew that Alice lived and breathed contemporary art. She had no idea that there was a fabulous collection in private hands so close to home. She would have travelled halfway around the world to view a collection the likes of which was reported by Tom to be hanging in Fluke’s ultra-secure home.
They made the drive out to Lodi and found the Fluke mansion to be even more heavily fortified than he imagined possible. There were three guards at the massive iron gate who checked Bob’s ID against a photo roster and allowed him and Alice to pass through. The driveway was nearly a mile long, the asphalt as smooth as glass, but periodically punctuated by an iron grate across the road. The grates housed iron blockades that, at the touch of a button, could be ordered to pop up out of the ground, three feet high, and strong enough to stop a tank. There was no shoulder on the drive, no way to get around them should they be activated.
They were directed to park the car in a lot halfway to the house and were asked to leave their cell phones and any other devices with image recording capabilities behind. Another guard in a golf cart took them the rest of the way. At the stately portico to an imposing house, that was vaguely reminiscent of a scaled down Versailles, they saw a good size group of people congregating with drinks in their hands as a number of neatly dressed, handsome, young men offered up an amazing array of hors d’ouevres on shiny silver platters. Alice’s jaw dropped to the ground, Bob’s stopped just short of the ground. He had some visions of what to expect, but this was beyond even those wild expectations.
Alan Fluke, with an absolutely gorgeous young woman on his arm greeted them. “Hello Bob, so nice of you to come, who’s your friend?”
“Alan, this is Alice O’Shea, a very dear friend of mine, and someone who’ll probably be a lot more respectful of your art collection. She lives for this stuff. Alice, this is Alan and Sally Fluke.”
“Well then, Alice, you are one of my new best friends. Here, take my arm. Sally, you can walk with Bob,” Alan offered his arm to Alice as Sally smiled and took Bob’s.  They were all smiling, everyone in his or own element. Alice on the arm of a great art collector; Bob, with the most astonishingly beautiful woman on his arm, even though he knew he could not touch; Sally, dutifully following orders and knowing that was a small price to pay to live a fairy tale fantasy; and Alan, simply enjoying life as a tycoon who would never have to sweat the details.
The crowd literally parted before them as the four walked through the foyer, or was it a lobby, of the house. They walked up to a secure door and one of the two guards standing watch opened the door for them. They walked in. The room measured seventy feet square with about a dozen paintings on each of the four walls. The floor was completely bare, there was not even a bench to sit on while admiring the art. You were expected to stand when in the presence of Alan Fluke’s collection.
Alice gasped. Sally appeared bored. Bob was fascinated. Alan was smiling broadly as he slowly walked Alice around the room. She was able to identify nearly every artist hanging there, and Alan filled her in on the details of each painting; the name, when he acquired it, what the backstory was.
Though it was difficult to remain out of earshot of the couple as they strolled about the room, Bob kept his voice low as he engaged Sally in conversation, walking a counterclockwise tour to Alan and Alice’s clockwise tour.
“You a big fan of this stuff?” Bob asked Sally.
“Not really. Can’t say that I understand it or love it. But he’s tripled his money, so as an investment I do appreciate it. And it’s a market that really doesn’t know any hard times. This room is, well, I’m not suppose to say, but you could figure it on your own. This is about eight hundred million worth of art in here.”
Bob whistled. “Looks like your missing one,” he said, pointing to an obvious hole in the procession of canvases.
“It’s on loan right now, but Alan will be at Sotheby’s next month. He’s selling one and buying two, so he’ll fill that space and have another to put somewhere else in the house. See that one?” She asked, pointing to a canvas painted a uniform mustard yellow from corner to corner, to corner, to corner.
“Yeah.”
“I used that to pick the color for my sitting room. But he won’t let me hang it in there. Says it’ll get lost on the wall, and who hangs a seven million dollar painting in a sitting room. And I said losing it in the wall is a statement.”
“Seven million?”
“Yeah, at least that’s what he paid for it. Could be worth twice that now.”
“To who?”
“Probably at least a dozen collectors somewhere in the world, who want it and would pay that.”
“And what was your statement in wanting to hang it there?”
“It’s a comment on security. Don’t need any. The thief would walk right by it without seeing it.”
The two groups met in the middle of the room and continued past each other. “He thinks of these paintings as his children,” Sally continued.
“As his children, or did his children paint them?”
“No comment from me. You do know that being a Fluke wife is just a temporary position. I’ve done better than the last several though. I memorized my pre-nup, and have very carefully avoided any of the traps he set to send me on my way with a pittance. I’m seven months away from getting a sizeable severance whenever he tires of me and I get my pink slip. I think that clause 14-c of subparagraph nine, section eight, says something about being disrespectful of his children is cause to forgo my settlement,” she continued.
“So you’re almost vested?”
“So to speak, yes.”
“He met his match in you. Did he know you were this sharp?”
“Oh no. I was advised by his prior wife when she saw the handwriting on the wall, his sudden loss of interest in her, sudden interest in me. She knew she’d already lost the game. Saw coaching me as her best revenge.”
“Best of luck. Seven months?”
The four of them met again at the door where they had entered. “Well, time to let some others in,” Alan announced. “What did you think Alice?”
“I’m stunned, simply stunned,” Alice said.
Bob and Alice took their leave of Alan and Sally and rejoined the party. Bob made a point of greeting the other four of the Primes and a few of the politicians who had also come to kiss Alan’s ring that day. Their day of rubbing elbows with the rich and famous came to an end and they were taken back down to the lot, got in his car as they were watched and visually patted down, and left for home. Alice was silent nearly the whole way home. It was without a doubt the most incredible afternoon of her lifetime.

• • •

Thanksgiving had come and gone and they were in the midst of the prolonged holiday season. Four of the six active sections, which when completed would constitute nearly half of the eight hundred mile system, were in full, chaotic production.  A total of eighty-three elevating earth scrapers, each capable of scooping and moving eleven cubic yards of earth in a single pass, were busy churning up the landscape. Some moving dirt, leveling a hill to fill a dale, or create an embankment; others removing dirt, pushing it into mounds where the excavators would lift it, a yard and a half at a time, into the trailers of an endless line of trucks, to be moved to wherever it could be reused or simply dumped. 
As the ground was cleared surveyors would move back in to redraw their lines, using laser guided precision to get their tolerances within an inch over a quarter mile, and place new markers for the concrete forms. Steel would be set, then the pumpers and concrete mixers would move in, pouring countless tens of thousands of yards of the finest grade concrete available. Even if it would be years until the steel track was laid on these foundations, at least the foundation would be in, a foundation that could serve no other purpose but to carry the high speed rolling stock of the California SwiftRail System.
There were thousands of workers toiling on the project now, it was the fastest ramp up in building activity California had ever known. Exceeding the Bay Bridge’s post-Loma Prieta earthquake retrofit project by miles, in part because so much of that structure was manufactured in China and shipped over to California in complete sections, and the only local input was the actual installation.
Bob was seeing a flurry of purchase orders and invoices fly over his desk. Though Tom seemed to have the time to review most everything that came through before forwarding them to Bob’s desk for final sign-off, Bob never did question why Tom didn’t have the time to just simply sign them himself. On this day, by the time Bob had finished putting his signature on the day’s stack, his arm was cramping. He stopped the mental addition of accounts payables when it reached $65,000,000. He would get a report the following day anyway, from the accounting department, where all the bills would be aggregated into a single register page, and he would get daily totals, month-to-date totals, and from-inception totals. At this rate the Authority would run out of funding before the end of the next year and would need immediate approval on new bond issues, or more money from the federal government.

• • •

Bob was growing accustomed to what he called “shockers,” the abrupt changes in plans, whether dictated by changing circumstances, or the whim of someone whose whims mattered. There was the Altamont Tunnel change order, the on, off, on-again, off-again visit by the president to section six, and countless others. But he wasn’t really prepared for this one. 
He had two ways of telling that something big was up. The first was if Tom came into his office and sat down, instead of summoning Bob over to join him in his office. The other was by how Tom would walk into his office, or greet him when he entered Tom’s office. Today Tom came into Bob’s office. His gait was leaden, as if he were wearing concrete boots. Bob steeled himself for a big shocker.
“Bob, I’ve been on the phone all morning. Right on up to the governor, none of it got me anywhere. I know you’re not gonna like this one, you’ve been real good at watching our money. I don’t like it either. But it is what it is, and we have no choice in the matter.”
“Oh fuck. What is it this time?”
“This one is big. Makes no sense. But we have no choice.”
“Okay, okay, get on with it.”
“It’s the central peninsula, a realignment. They want to add an East Palo Alto Terminal.”
“A spur was always a potential in the plan, that’s not new.”
“No, this is not a feeder, it’s a full-fledged terminal, a realignment of the route.”
“You gotta be fuckin’ kidding me,” Bob said.
“At least we haven’t even moved dirt there yet, I suppose we can be thankful for that.”
“Maybe if we had we could say no to the request.”
“Yeah. But . . . in any case you’re relieved here for the next week. You take who you need, go camp out over there and see what can be figured out.”
“Who’s behind it?”
“I don’t even know that. This came from the top. Here’s the new map, they seemed pretty specific about the route. It of course needs to avoid the entire Stanford Campus, the Linear Accelerator, and other landmarks. And still stay straight enough to average 100-plus miles per hour. I e-mailed the file to you.” Tom handed the manila folder to Bob and gave a two finger cub scout salute before walking out. Bob had never seen Tom mock his superiors before, and wondered if Tom was becoming as frustrated as he was. Bob rolled his eyes back and half-heartedly raised his arm straight forward, fingers together, palm out, in a much more demonic, and satiric, salute. “Jawohl,” he mouthed.
What had started out five short months earlier as a dream job, a chance to earn at least a footnote in future history books now appeared to be spinning out of control.  As Bob packed a suitcase, he wasn’t planning on returning every night to Walnut Creek, all the players in this game flashed before his eyes. He wondered what their motives could possibly be. How many of them simply believed that this was the right thing for California’s future, and they would happily die as paupers just to see it come to fruition. And how many were in it for personal gain, to find the means to fly an even bigger personal jet?
The governor, well he had cemented his place in history already, over a lifetime of public service, so his intentions could only be noble, even if terribly misguided. Tom? He was comfortable, but more than anything else, he wanted his name in the history books, books he would likely never get to read himself, but at least he would know, some day, his name would be there, right up with the Suez Canal’s Ferdinand de Lesseps, Hoover Dam’s Frank Crowe, the Golden Gate’s Joseph Strauss. 
Then there were the Five Primes. Unlike the Oates’ and the Spanos’ and the scores of other California titans who had built empires serving the private sector, these five built their fortunes in public infrastructure. Water and sewage treatment plants, highway construction, bridges and overpasses, canals, government office complexes. It was an entirely different world, one where being connected seemed to be of as much importance as being able to deliver the goods. They knew how to please the decision makers who had the luxury of playing with other people’s money. They knew that delivering a thousand dollars in campaign contributions could buy them millions in legislative favors and coveted contracts, a return thousands of times greater than the investment.
As Bob made his way over the freeways headed to Palo Alto he also considered the other possible reality, that the swiftrail system simply had acquired a life, a will of its own. It was the HAL of California’s 21st century odyssey into an uncertain future. And that, like a fault line, or a Pineapple Express, the legendary rainstorms that frequently crossed the Pacific Ocean with California in their sights, there was simply no stopping it. It had become a fact of life.
Bob checked his bags at the front desk of the Garden Court Hotel, but did not go directly to his room. He instead took some time to wander around the downtown area, to gather his thoughts, trying to imagine a high speed train running anywhere across the peninsula other than its original route alongside the already available railroad easements. And even though the privately owned railroad was charging an arm and a leg for the rights to use their easements, easements that had been granted to them for nothing by the good people of California a century and a half earlier, it was still cheaper than condemning some of the priciest real estate in the country, to move the terminal five miles to the east and ten miles south of the original plan.
Bob stopped in at a convenience store and picked up a map of the local area that had all the attractions and notable landmarks. Everywhere he looked there were obstacles to the train’s path. The sprawling Stanford University campus, the Linear Accelerator. Even if it was to ride on a forty foot high steel and concrete viaduct, a concept the local denizens derisively declared to be a Berlin Wall through their community, getting from concept to reality would be waterboarding, a 5,000 piece monotone jigsaw puzzle and the Bataan Death March all wrapped up into one. 
Tom was right, this project would be in the same league, if it did not surpass, those of his heroes. But it would have very little to do with engineering challenges, and everything to do with overcoming both informed dissent and uninformed consent.
It took Bob all of an hour, and two miles of aimlessly wandering the streets of Palo Alto, to assess the hopelessness of the situation. He knew what to do to save the day, and to please Tom. Write a report that was cheery and optimistic. That posited a simple solution, placating the powers and allowing them to move on. It would naturally call for an environmental review, and that in itself would delay any decisions by several more years, allowing the Central Valley backbone of the system to get lavished with funds, the track bed built, the point of no return come and gone, before dawn’s first light.
Even though Bob had the solution, his curiosity was not satisfied, he still wanted to know why, why the realignment? This would not please the posh communities of Atherton, Menlo Park and Palo Alto, communities that had approved the bond measure on the ballot four years earlier by a two-to-one margin. 
Even though most of the local fortunes were connected in some way to realizing the George Jetson magic of a futuristic society, they wanted no part of the Orbit City fantasy with elevated, moving sidewalks or bullet trains racing through the sky. Bob wondered how a population, so adept at reading, writing and creating the future, could have been so utterly confused by the wording of a simple proposition on an election ballot. 
Bob stopped in at the downtown Palo Alto branch office of the Santa Clara County Assessor’s office with his map in hand. He scrawled a line roughly over where the track would be shifted and approached the desk clerk. 
“Excuse me, Miss,” he asked the attractive lady sitting at the desk behind a monitor, “Miss Dotchka,” he continued, reading her name tag as she stood up and approached.
“Yes, Mister . . . ?” She was playfully asking for his name.
“Bob Jones.”
“Hi Mister Bob Jones. What can I help you with?”
Bob sensed that she was curious about him, so he thought he would enhance himself with the bragging rights of his title. “I’m the deputy director of the California SwiftRail Authority, and I’m doing some research on a possible track realignment, wondering if you could direct me to some land ownership records?”
 Miss Dotchka cast a wary eye towards him, perhaps she was among the one in three who had opposed the bullet train all along, or maybe one who had changed her mind. Either way, the odds were in favor of her now being opposed to the whole project. “The name is Irina, the records are fully accessible on-line, I can give you the website address.” She was nonetheless pleasant in her tone.
“Thank you Miss Dotchka, that’s very kind of you.”
“It’s Irina, you can call me Irina,” she smiled.
“You’re Russian?  How’d you end up over here?” Bob thought it was a safe question. Though her English was polished, there was a distinct non-native-American lilt to her accent. He also noticed a bare left hand ring finger.
“My father was with the Soviet Consulate back before Gorbachev and the break-up, I was allowed to stay, though both my parents returned to Moscow.”
“Oh, you still on a green card, or naturalized now?”
“Became a citizen long time ago, I am forty-three years old,” she offered.
“Don’t look a day over thirty,” Bob smiled back. She blushed and suggested Bob use the terminal next to hers behind the counter.
“Thank you. How do I get into the records that I need?”
“Can you give me an address?” she asked.
“Not really, don’t know this area very well. I’ve just kinda drawn a line here on the map showing the general area.”
Irina looked at the map and turned to the keyboard, tapping in a few keystrokes and bringing up a map. “Pick a parcel,” she said, tilting the monitor towards Bob. He pointed to one of the parcels.
“Tap it, it’s a touch screen,” she said.
Bob did so and the record for 1500 Sylvan Way, a half acre commercial property, appeared on the screen. It showed that the land had recently changed hands, for a pretty reasonable price, even given the recent downtrend in land prices. It was owned by Robert Garspathian.
“I wonder who Robert Garspathian is?” he asked.
“Never heard of him myself, but it’s an unusual name. I know we have a resident in town named Kathy Garspathian-Lender. She’s the wife of our assemblyman, Bob Lender.”
“Oh, really,” Bob said, suddenly very alert. With Irina’s assistance they were able to check out five more parcels before the offices were due to close. Irina must have spent her spare time scanning the local society pages because she was able to quickly deduce how, and by what means, three more of those five parcels were indirectly connected to Assemblyman Lender.
“Irina, you’ve been of great help to me, I truly do appreciate the assistance.”
“It’s been my pleasure to help. I’m here every day, if you need more help in the future.”
“I’ll certainly be in touch. Say, Irina, I’m in town alone, and was wondering, would you have dinner with me?”
“I appreciate the offer, and perhaps can take you up on it another day, but I have my bible study this evening, and cannot miss that. Here’s my card, it has my office address and an e-mail that I can use for business or personal,” she said.
“Thank you, very much, here’s my card, except I’ll also give you my home phone number.” He wrote his number on the card and handed it to her.
Bob returned to his room. Even though he was just as alone at the hotel as he would have been back in his condo in Walnut Creek, he liked the different surroundings. He ordered a hamburger off the room service menu, stretched out on the bed, and unfolded his well worn map of the state of California with the so-called backbone of the 800-mile track laid out in blue. 
Three quarters of the total track, the backbone, ran from Sacramento to San Diego. It was a backbone with a severe case of scoliosis. At Bakersfield the track took a sudden and unexpected turn in direction, running thirty miles east before resuming its trek south, and then bending back west again to enter the Los Angeles basin from the east, rather than from the north, adding sixty miles and thirty minutes to what was supposed to be the most direct route from Sacramento through Los Angeles to San Diego. 
There were eminent domain challenges standing in the way of the more direct route, Bakersfield south over the Grapevine and on up to the Tejon Pass. And the challenge of the Grapevine itself. And more intractable endangered species issues than the realignment through the easternmost Tehachapi Mountains. It seemed that every inch of the 800 miles was hard fought ground, Hamburger Hill over and over and over again.
Bob was getting a headache. He called room service again and asked them to include a few Advil with his order. They said they could not, a local ordinance prohibited them from dispensing over the counter pain relievers, but there was a gift shop in the lobby. Maybe the food would get rid of the ache.
As Bob sat and wondered about what sort of enterprise he had tied himself to he heard the familiar pinging of his e-mail program on the laptop. He had it set to his Authority mail server, so there were no messages promising him a good time if he just followed the link, only business related messages.
Bob had found, shortly after being announced as the new deputy director for the authority, that his e-mail box was overflowing with invitations to parties, golf outings, updates on what weeks the far-flung resort condos and villas, maintained by anyone and everyone who had the opportunity to profit from this project, would be available for his use. Life was getting sweet. One of the villas, in Cancun, was his for the Christmas week, if he wanted it, an e-mail informed him. Didn’t come with the corporate jet, but airfare for four could be arranged if he liked. Though Christmas was just two weeks off, he texted his son Paul at UCLA, asking if he and two friends would like to join him down there for the holiday. He couldn’t remember ever getting such a quick response back from Paul, it was yes. He didn’t know who he would bring yet,  but there was no doubt in his mind that he would find two willing buddies to accompany him to Cancun for a week of fun.

• • •

Alan Fluke had not said much more to Bob other than that the home in Cancun was ‘comfortable digs’ and that there would be a car and driver at his disposal. That he had seen it all, so don’t worry about appearances, do whatever you liked, just keep breakage to a minimum.  
As the driver pulled up to the enormous iron gate that kept the Las Palmas Cancun development secure, Bob and his three guests looked around in wonder. There were at least a half dozen guards in the guardhouse and its courtyard. They weren’t just armed, they were heavily armed. If they were ever ambushed they had enough firepower to fight off a small army of bandits. Underneath the gold lettered name of the development it read, in smaller type, Fluke Developments Mexico, S.A. de C.V.
Once past the gate they were no longer in Mexico; they had entered a new kingdom. Paul’s friend Ralph commented that it was like an island community he had designed for himself on one of his fantasy video games. He was king, benevolent of course, and everyone lived in luxury, there was no poverty, the fence around his kingdom was the ocean. Outside the gates of Las Palmas Cancun there was an ocean as well, one filled with poverty and ravenous sharks, sincere in their belief that this wealth needed to be shared, even if at the point of a knife, or down the barrel of a shotgun.
They slowly drove up and down the easy hills, around the bends that appeared to be placed for purely aesthetic reasons. Bob counted forty hands tending to the lush gardens that seemed to melt from one unfenced front yard to another. It was a utopia reserved for the very richest on the planet. Then they came to Buena Suerte Corte, the Good Luck Court. They passed a few more of the blindingly white villas they had seen since passing through the gate until they came to the end of the court and Fluke’s villa at 777 Buena Suerte Corte. The driver pulled around to the imposing front door and came to a stop. Bob, Paul, Ralph and Henry looked at each other in astonishment.
“I didn’t know, I really didn’t know,” Bob said sheepishly. “They didn’t send me a picture or anything, just said it was comfortable and had a maid.”
The front door opened and the maid walked out. She was followed by another maid, and a butler, and a cook, and two others. The two others were hard-bodied young men, looking confident and sporting shoulder holsters with chromed steel clearly visible.
The three young men were itching to get out on their first night in Cancun, and had already done their research on how and where to find the best action, at least for an eighteen year old man with nothing but fun on his mind and testosterone in his veins.  So the foursome had the driver take them into town, dropping Ralph and Henry off at the strip, and Paul promising to meet up with them after first having dinner with his dad. Bob hadn’t had a good sit down talk with his son in nearly five months, and probably never in his life, the talk he intended to have this evening.
They’d had plenty of time on the airplane and in the limo to catch up some on school and Bob’s job, so he quickly moved the conversation around to the one thing that had been nagging him for so long, and terribly so since last summer when his divorce from Paul’s mother had been finalized.
“Paul, do you know why your mother hates me so much?” he asked his son directly and pointedly.
“Probably, but knowing what she thinks doesn’t imply that I see any justification in what she believes, you understand  that, don’t you?” Paul asked.
“Fair, and thanks for saying that.”
“Mom has come to treat me, and talk to me, more like a best friend than as her son. Things that most mothers probably don’t tell their sons, might even be considered dysfunctional.”
“Not to the point of dysfunction, but I probably haven’t done that enough have I? To be your friend as much as your dad?”
“No, but nothing wrong or dysfunctional about our father-son relationship, it’s wonderful. It’s who you are. But Mom, she is who she is. And she’s different. Probably too different for you. She says that you always saw it as she was your wife more than your friend.” 
“The free-spirit Julie that I first knew, thirty some years ago?”
“That one. She never wanted to change, but felt she was forced to. Now, she’s that free spirit again, and is resentful that she lost all those years in between. From the beginning she had no intention of getting married or starting a family. But I guess that there was a chance meeting of you two, a little too much to drink, twenty years ago. And everything changed, changed in ways she never wanted. She felt that a family and her free spirit could coexist, but you wanted a structured family life that she didn’t want. Her whole life, for twenty years was a front, one she hated.”
“But hatred for me? How does that become hatred?”
“Hostility, maybe?”
“You’re parsing, really, not much difference.”
“I dunno, maybe I can’t answer that for you, but she has moved on. You do know she’s a lesbian now, don’t you?”
“Suspected as much. I’d heard she had overnight lady visitors at the condo, but no real confirmation of her orientation. Does it bother you at all?”
“Nah, I suppose not. I never met any of her friends, but she seems pretty happy. She’s not happy that I’m spending Christmas down here in Cancun, and not at home, though,” Paul said.
“Now I’m worried about how candidly she spoke to you, about her and me.”
“She had me rolling my eyes some, had to tell her stop with the stories, and heard some stuff I really can’t repeat to you.”
“You still have a divided loyalty, I understand. And I’m sorry that it came to this, where you had to divide your loyalty between your two warring parents.”
“It’s okay. I didn’t seem to notice anything was wrong when I was a kid, just the last few years when you guys couldn’t hide it anymore, and by then, well, I knew I’d be going out on my own soon enough. It’s sad to see, but I guess not at all unusual anymore.”
“Okay, next on the agenda, tell me more about school, how’s it really going?”
“Dad, I’ve had the most amazing past four months. The stuff that lies in our future, it’s unbelievable. The things technology will make possible.”
“I can only imagine. Unfortunately both constructive and destructive. We need to spend as much effort on the humanities, figure out how to make humans a little more humane, not just our technology.”
“You’re right, but that’s for a left-brainer, I’m a right-brainer. “
“Looking forward to next semester?”
“Yes, though it’s a good news, bad news situation.”
“Okay, good news first.”
“I’ve been accepted into Chu Liang’s class, it’s an intensive course, the only course I’ll be taking for the whole semester.”
“How do you follow that with bad news?”
“I need textbooks.”
“Oh, don’t worry about that, what do you need, a few hundred bucks?”
“Seventeen hundred dollars. Can’t buy the last class’ used textbooks, they’re obsolete by the end of the semester, it’s changing that fast.”
“That’s a lot of money. Surprised nobody has raised any hackles over that.”
“It used to be subsidized by the state education fund, but we lost the subsidy.”
“Budget cuts?”
“No, the money was reassigned by the legislature.”
“Prisons, welfare?”
“No. They passed a bill to start funding schools to specifically train students in the construction and operation of . . .” Paul left his sentence unfinished.
“Spit it out,” Bob urged.
“The construction and operation of high speed railroads.”
“Oh. Coming back to bite me, huh?”
“Yeah, and though I’ve only seen hints as to what is afoot, I hate to be the smart aleck kid telling the career professional . . . but your railroad is gonna be obsolete before you finish building it.”
“You’re right, I don’t want to hear that. And probably need to keep it to myself.”
“I’ll be able to tell you more when I come home for President’s Weekend, when I have six weeks under my belt.”
“Okay, hit your mom up for half the book money, if you can.”
“Sure thing, Dad,” Paul smiled.
“Well, thanks for talking about it. Finish your dinner and go join your friends.”
“What’re you going to do?”
“Well your crowd is a bit young for me, so I’ll go find a more laid back place to hang out for the time. The car is available until about one o’clock, after that you’ll need to call a cab. The cab’ll take you to the front gate, then security will bring you to the villa in the cart. Have fun, remember this is a different country, different rules, and you can get into a boatload of trouble if you don’t watch out. Stick together, and if something seems too good to be true, it just might be. So be safe, okay?”
“Sure Dad,” Paul said, giving Bob a hug before leaving to meet up with Ralph and Henry at their rendevouz point a couple blocks away.
The strip where they had dinner was well lit and bustling with Americans on holiday in the warm climate. Bob wandered aimlessly for a few hours, without the slightest clue as to what he wanted. Someone to talk to? Companionship for the night? Or a good night’s sleep? He finally decided on the latter and called for Pedro to come get him and take him back to the villa. Pedro was there in just a few minutes and Bob slid into the front seat next to him.
“Hi Pedro. Might as well take me home, unless you can tell me what Mr. Fluke does when he comes down here alone to get some rest.”
“Ah, he pay me well to not tell stories.”
“Oh. How well?”
“That is part of deal with Señor Fluke, I tell nothing. But I know everything. What you looking for ? A lady? A girl? A boy? Drugs? You can get anything you want here in Cancun, and I can take you there,” Pedro said.
“Just take me back to the villa, but tomorrow, or next trip, maybe. This life is still new to me.”
“We can bring someone over to the villa. Señor Fluke has an account in town, all you need to do is leave a tip.”
“You just told me something I’m not supposed to know.”
“Señor Fluke said to take good care of you, and you wouldn’t be the first. We see lots of his friends down here.”
“Like I said, maybe tomorrow.”
“Okay, you the boss,” Pedro said, as he drove onto the expressway for the short drive to Las Palmas de Cancun.
It didn’t help Bob’s state of mind at all, his resolve to betray the confidence of the Authority and everyone who was a part of the machine, to be dropped off by a private driver at a stately mansion that was his playground for the week. It sure was a life one could become accustomed to, and Bob, over the next week, would try many times to disabuse himself of the notion that he should be a savior, a knight riding into town on a white stallion. The staff at the villa, who made it seem more like a private hotel, tended to his every need. 
Paul and his buddies would usually roll back to the mansion at an ungodly hour every night, and by the second night they were in the company of three young ladies that would spend the remaining nights at the mansion and in the boys’ company.  They were also students at UCLA, but given the size of the student body didn’t know each other, and couldn’t even recall having seen each other on campus.
Bob was envious of their good, carefree time, and was glad that he had helped make it come true for them. He knew his time would come as well, when he once again had the company of a wonderful woman, and he just needed to bide his time. So he went to bed alone each night, taking some comfort in the luxurious bedclothes that were laundered daily. He would lay on his stomach in the center of the bed, spread-eagled, reaching to the edges with his hands and towards the bottom of the mattress with his toes. 
One night while lying in bed, in that pose, he reached over the top of the mattress and down between the headboard and mattress. His fingers found a stiff piece of paper, he could make out that it was about the size of a business card. He pulled it out and examined it in the light of the moon pouring in through the open window. The card had the seal of the State of California on it. The name was Dave Tepper, his title Assemblyman. There was a San Jose address, it said he represented the 24th Assembly District. Bob was familiar with the name, Dave Tepper had been termed out in last November’s election, having served the maximum number of years that the law allowed. Tepper was still a relatively young man and likely had another career ahead of him. If only these walls could talk, Bob thought smiling, what Dave Tepper had been up to down here when the door was closed.
The week in Cancun was coming to a rapid close. Bob spent the last few days padding around the villa, there always seemed to be something new to discover. On the second to last day he was in his swim robe heading back to his bedroom to check for messages on his phone when there was a commotion and the two guards started running towards the front door. They had their sidearm’s in hand.
“What’s going on?” Bob asked.
“Some sort of problem,” one said, “at the front gate, we are going over to see if we can help.”
They raced from the house and jumped into their golf cart. There must’ve been some jet thrusters hidden under the hood of the small cart, Bob had never seen a golf cart leave rubber tracks on the pavement before. He turned at the front door to return to his room and noticed that, in their haste, the guards had left open a door to what Bob had come to think of as the mystery room. Peering inside he saw a bank of monitors, they had live images of all entries to the villa, the foyer, kitchen and also the front gate of the development. Against one wall there was a stack of nine identical, black recorders arranged in a rack. Each one was labeled, recamara, with the numbers one through nine. There were nine bedrooms in the villa.
Bob shuddered as he thought about the wily Alan Fluke, and was suddenly glad that he had not taken up Pedro on his offer to bring a woman by for him, and that he had not engaged in any bawdiness. He worried about Paul and his friends now, and the three young ladies they had befriended and brought back to the villa. At least it was probably good old fashioned one-on-one fun they were having. Or at least so he hoped.
On the screen monitoring the front gate he could see the two personal guards from Fluke’s villa come skidding to a stop in their golf cart at the gate, jumping out, falling to one knee and firing shots from their weapons. Bob’s eyes opened wide at the spectacle. And then it was over. The guards at the shack approached the car that they had been shooting at, that had crashed into a wall right in front of the surveillance camera, the driver’s head at an odd angle up against the windshield, wedged in place by the steering wheel.
Fluke’s security guards traded a few words with the gate guards then hopped back into their cart and turned around. Bob hurriedly returned to the swimming pool.

CHAPTER SEVEN
Cancun seemed to have ended sooner than it had begun. The three young men, with the biggest smiles imaginable on their faces, and Bob, who was as confused as when he flew down to Cancun, returned to Los Angeles. Bob said good-bye, but never left the airport, catching a ten-seat commuter flight to Buchanan Field, the small airport serving Concord and Walnut Creek. 
It was after five o’clock, but Bob decided to stop by the office anyway. He parked out front and was admiring a new, fully loaded Dodge Challenger parked in the lot when Tom walked up. “I’m just leaving,” Tom said. “Nice car, huh?”
“Yeah, very nice.”
“Belongs to one of the engineers, just a kid, too. We must be paying them too much. Did you have a nice Christmas?”
“Yes, Cancun was fun, have to tell you all about it someday. That’s a pretty impressive place Fluke has, you been there?”
“No, I haven’t, but it’s on the list.”
“Put it on the short list, you’d like it, I’m sure of that.”
“Okay, I will. I’m out next couple days, see you when I get back.”
“Okay, I will. Bye.”
Tom got in his car and sped off. Bob thought for a moment. This was just the third time he’d seen Tom in almost four weeks, and all told those three visits added up to maybe an hour.  He seemed to have the autopilot running quite well, perhaps that was a sign he was doing a good job as Tom’s alter ego.

• • •

It was mid-January and Bob had been back from Cancun for two weeks, and finally settled back into the routine of daily life and his work. It was growing increasingly hectic as the buildout rolled on.
Tom called Bob into his office. “Have a seat, Bob. We have a final map for the Palo Alto realignment.”
“What, already? How could that possibly be, we haven’t even contracted for the environmental review yet, no idea what obstacles are in our path . . . I know we’ll only be running a half dozen miles off course, but 30,000 feet on the peninsula, hell that could be like 300,000 miles to the moon. Shouldn’t we be looking at options first, then picking the best one?”
“Nope. This is the route. It’s completely surveyed, set in stone, done deal.  Arnold over in engineering will have the final to you by tomorrow. I need you to go back over to Palo Alto for a couple days and walk the route if you need to, familiarize yourself with it. I don’t know it myself, just came down to me, not my place to question to it, and certainly not yours. So do it.”
“Okay, I guess so.”
“I’m headed down to Fluke’s villa in Cancun next week for a few days. I never asked you, how was it?”
“The Imperial Palace has nothing on that villa. Simply unbelievable, must’ve been a staff of ten, between domestics, landscapers, drivers. Really quite shocking how the upper crust lives.”
“There are more villas where that one came from, don’t be shy about using them when the urge strikes you. You work hard, we all work hard here, we’ve earned it, we deserve it.”
“How long you be gone?” 
“Leaving on Tuesday, through the weekend. It’s the usual routine here, you can take care of business, but get to Palo Alto and be back before I leave, so that might mean some weekend work for you. We have a contract for a Sacramento legal team to make offers on the land we need, and to begin condemnations for the land that isn’t willingly sold, so don’t need to trouble yourself with that. Don’t make any contact with the owners, and don’t even look curious when you check things out. All I want is a report identifying any potential problems that have nothing to do with environment, or ownership, or engineering.”
“What does that leave?”
“Hopefully nothing.”
Bob got up and left the office, he was halfway through the door when Tom called him back. “Oh, Bob, something else, a new regulation that we need to follow on contracting.”
“Oh, what’s that?”
“Need to check with the contractors, find out if they’re gay, it’s a new reporting requirement for state contracts.”
“What?”
“You need to ask them if they are . . . “ Tom shuffled around on his desk until he found a letter, “need to ask them if they are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender.”
“And if they aren’t? Do we fire them?”
“No, I don’t think any of the Primes are, anyway.”
“Dunno if I can ask Ken Dinwiddie, with a straight face, if he has balls or not.  Maybe I can just challenge him to a game of racquetball and take a quick peek in the locker room?”
“That might work, but don’t let him catch you staring.”
“Or surprised, if I see something I’m not expecting.”
“Hey, I told you all along, I make very few of the rules around here.”
“I know, but you are the supreme court, you do interpret and implement the rules, and seem to have some discretion in that respect.”
“Only way to get the job done. And the gay thing, that extends to subs as well. So do me a favor, find out about Nancy Boxer, I’ve always had my suspicions about her.”
“Suspicions about what?”
“That she’s still pre-op. Okay, get outta here,” Tom waved Bob away.
With plans to return to Palo Alto Bob hoped that Irina would remember him and if he gave her a call first, perhaps with more advance notice he could get a dinner date, and more assistance with documents research, even though that was specifically excluded from his portfolio.
“Hello, this is the Palo Alto branch office of the Santa Clara County Assessor’s office, Irina speaking.”
“That’s a mouthful,” Bob said. “This is Bob Jones, you might recall I stopped by there a month ago, I’m with the SwiftRail Authority, you were kind enough to help me with some records research.”
“I remember you Mister Bob Jones. How are you?”
“Fine, thanks. I need to return this Friday and over the weekend to continue my research, was wondering if I can get some more assistance.”
“Well, I don’t have access to the office on Saturday, when it’s closed, but if you come down Friday I can get you set up during normal hours, but try and come early, it gets rather busy at the end of the day on a Friday, last minute rush before the weekend.”
“Okay, and consider holding Friday evening open for dinner, I’d like you to join me if you can.”
“I’ll think about it. See you on Friday.”
“Thanks, bye Irina.”
The traffic down to Palo Alto was miserable that Friday. Bob had allowed himself a good two hours to get there, but there was just one wreck after another on the freeway. It was approaching two o’clock and he was inching his way over the Bay Bridge. At this rate he’d be lucky not to miss dinner.  He pulled out his cell phone and called Irina. “Irina?”
“Hi Bob Jones, I was wondering if I was going to see you after all.”
“Traffic’s a mess, don’t know if I’ll even get there by closing time. Maybe I’ll just go straight to my hotel and then pick you up for dinner.”
“Okay, that works. I live in the Palace Apartments, it’s right on the edge of Palo Alto and East Palo Alto, not the best neighborhood, but it’s affordable.”
“I know what my room is costing at the Garden, I can only imagine what an unaffordable apartment runs in Palo Alto.”
“You have that right. Don’t have much choice. I’ll be waiting in the lobby at six-thirty, what’re you driving? I’ll come out when I see you, don’t bother parking.”
“White Pathfinder, what’s the address?” Irina gave Bob the address and he entered it into the GPS navigator, an easy enough task when crawling along at five miles an hour.
Bob barely made it to Palo Alto in time to check in at the Garden, quickly wash up and then head out to pick up Irina. He was pleasantly surprised when he saw her walk up. She was even prettier than he remembered, and he had already discovered that she had a sharp mind. It was surprising that she was still single at forty-three, when you added up all her attributes and threw in a little exotic.
He tried to get out of the car in time to open her door for her, but she beat him to it, waving at him to get back in. She leaned over the center console and gave him a peck on the cheek. “Paying in advance for dinner,” she said, smiling. Witty, too, Bob thought. 
“You’re on an expense account, right?” she asked.
“Yes, I am.”
“Well then, if you’re not paying, why should I have to?”
Bob laughed. “Just need to come up with a believable title and company for you, so I can write it off.”
She raised her eyes, gazing at the headliner and thinking a moment. “Keep my name, Irina Dotchka, but make me the Supervisor of the Assessor’s Office, Santa Clara County. I want a promotion, maybe then I can afford to live there,” she said, pointing to a gated apartment complex across the street.
“Can’t use that title, I’m not supposed to be snooping around in the assessors records, just surveying the route that the train is going to take. And now that seems to be all I can do with the office closed for the weekend. By the way, where do you want to eat?”
“Sushi, turn left here,” she said hurriedly. “Park.”
They were right in front of Tokyo Fusion Sushi, early enough to get a table without waiting.
“So why can’t you snoop around the assessor’s office and look at property records?” She had the fingers of both hands intertwined in a clasp that she was resting her chin on. She had a moody, sensual look on her face. Bob saw no harm in telling her everything he knew, how he was starting to worry about the potential for graft in the one hundred billion dollar project.
She was mesmerized by the story. “Sounds a lot like my homeland, Russia.”
“You mean back when it was the Soviet Union?”
“Ha-ha!” She laughed loudly. “You think that getting rid of communism got rid of corruption? Not by a long way. It’s still as corrupt as ever, just that there is much more money to steal than there used to be.”
“I suppose that’s true, but don’t the Russians love their new leaders, especially when compared to the old?”
“Maybe more so than Stalin, he was a monster, but they’re not much better than the last fifty years. There is an important Russian rule when it comes to the new leadership.”
“What’s that?”
“It is better to be deeply loved by a small number of people than to be held indifferently by everyone, that is what remains unchanged.”
Bob pondered that statement, which he found to be very profound. He was starting to grow quite fond of Irina.  By the end of dinner she was as captivated as he was by the intrigue surrounding the railway, and in particular the realignment through Palo Alto. 
“I have a laptop, can we go online and check those records on the site you mentioned last time?” he asked.
“Not sure how helpful that will be,” she replied. “Those records on the public site are not as comprehensive as the internal site, and I don’t have an offsite password to access the internal database. See, that’s why I need a promotion,” she smiled at Bob. “But, what the heck, I do lock the place up at night, I know the alarm codes, you want to sneak in now and check the records?”
Bob smiled. And only James Bond was suppose to get the beautiful woman, and a Russian woman at that. “Sure, let’s go, sounds daring and fun.”
Bob paid the bill and as they walked outside he made for his car. Irina held out her hand, “It’s just a block over, this is probably the best parking spot we’ll get, let’s walk.” Bob took her hand and they walked the block over to the assessor’s office.
Irina took him back to an unused office with a work station and turned on the computer, they waited for the agency screen to appear. She entered her password and took the map from Bob’s hand, entering the first address on the list. The property had been owned for the last thirty years by the small business currently operating there. She went to the next address on the map. The computer seemed to hang up until finally a new screen Irina had never seen before appeared, it said that access was being denied, a higher level of security was required to view the record.
“I’ve never seen that before,” Irina muttered. 
“What level of security is that?”
“I have no idea,” Irina replied. They found a dozen more records with similar blocks, together they constituted over two thirds of the desired route realignment.
“I’ll have to ask on Monday, see what is going on.”
“Okay, just be careful.”
They left the office after Irina reset the alarm and slowly walked back to Bob’s car. It was getting late and Irina said she was tired and perhaps it was time for Bob to take her home. At the curb in front of the apartment building Bob hesitated, wondering if he should park the car. 
Irina picked up on this and said, “you can let me off here. Thank you for a wonderful evening, I hope we can see each other on your next trip down here.”
“I’m here all weekend,” Bob offered.
“I’m already committed. But I very much do want to see you again, and don’t wait so long this time, okay?” She leaned across the console once again, this time kissing him on the lips. “Bye Bob Jones.”
“Bye Irina Dotchka.”
She let herself out and disappeared into the lobby of the apartment building. Bob went back to his hotel and fell asleep watching an old James Bond film he found on an obscure cable channel.
Bob spent the next day walking the entire route of the realignment, something he found he could do with very little trespassing, it covered mostly built up areas of the city, and there was a very logical layout of streets to follow. He looked up into the sky and tried to imagine a forty foot high viaduct carrying a train at speeds in excess of ninety miles an hour.  He took several hundred pictures with his camera and was walking back to the hotel when his cell phone rang.
“Bob! It’s Bruce! Bruce McCoy!” College pals, they hadn’t talked in years, or seen each other since Bruce moved to Seattle to take a job with Amazon nine years earlier.
“You sonuvabitch, Bruce! How the hell are you?”
“Doing great, had to make an unscheduled trip down to Oakland, Mom suddenly took ill. How are you?”
“Good, good, lots of stories to tell. How is Mom?”
“Doin’ much better, it was just a scare, bad indigestion, Dad thought she was having a heart attack. But I’m down here for a couple more days, let’s get together,” Bruce said.
“I’m in Palo Alto overnight, but can stop by in Oakland on my way home tomorrow. Meet you at Pipe’s for lunch at noon.”
“Sounds good, see you then.”

CHAPTER EIGHT
Bob leaned in closer to Bruce, and in a hushed voice said, “I think I’m uncovering some corruption.”
Bruce let loose with a guffaw that very nearly sent him spilling out of his seat. The diners from several tables around turned to look at them. Bruce regained his composure and apologized to the group. “Sorry about that, but my friend here just disclosed that he thinks he’s found some government corruption!”
Many of the other diners also laughed loudly. One laugher shouted to Bruce: “And just where did he find this?”
“Shhh, don’t say anything!” Bob urged, earnestly.
“Ok. But let me tell you a bit about corruption. You know the sixteen trillion dollars our government has spent over the last four years, a third of it borrowed?” Bruce had also lowered his voice considerably.
“Yes.”
“A quarter of that, four trillion dollars . . . wasted, stolen, lost, unaccounted for, or at least questionably accounted for. Some of it goes in breathtakingly large chunks, never to be seen again. But much of it goes in smaller bites, death by a thousand cuts. But those cuts add up. Enough to buy a large knife. A knife large enough to slice an arm off.”
“Yeah, I guess I know that, but usually it isn’t staring me in the face.”
“We all get exposed to graft and corruption, and we assume what we see is the extent of it. But what you’re seeing is not what I’m seeing, and when you add yours to mine, to his, to hers,” Bruce was gesturing towards the other patrons sitting around them, “then you have your thousand cuts. Just that nobody seems to be taking the time to consolidate all these facts, and publish them under one title.”
“There’d probably be a revolt if they did.”
“Except it comes back to the ox-getting-gored metaphor.” Bruce resumed pointing out random patrons. “She’d lose her business’s lucrative contract, he’d lose his job that pays him to do nothing all day long, he’d lose his six figure pension, and on and on.”
“And I’d lose my quarter million dollar a year job with the authority,” Bob mused.
“Exactly. In my position at Amazon, in MIS, I have a passcode that grants me access to any and all transactions records that get processed, and I’ve been doing some snooping. It ain’t pretty.”
“Go on,” Bob said as Bruce paused.
Bruce continued. “Any presidential administration has a constant flow of people in and out of it, numbering thousands over four years, though this current administration is particularly bad. And you know what every last one of those people does?”
“Publish a book, I guess, since you started this thread with your job at Amazon.”
“Bingo. Exactly. Take this Vince Green fellow, or whatever his name is, he was some kind of czar for the president–” Bruce said, before Bob interrupted him.
“He was the green czar, I think his name was Vince Vaughn or something.”
“No, Vince Vaughn is an actor. But not important. In any case, several months ago he published a book. A totally useless book, a real piece of shit. In days his book zoomed to the top of the Amazon charts. I examined the transactions, and you know what?”
“No, what?”
“Ninety-five percent of those books were bought on government paid Amazon accounts. I’ll wager none of those copies ever got read, since they were his cronies to begin with. But you, my tax-paying friend, you paid for all those books. Books that will shortly end up in the twenty-five cent bin at the local used book store, or maybe the landfill along with the accumulated dust on their jackets, when the administration changes again, and the thousands of appointees clear out their offices. And my company, Amazon, makes twenty percent on all those sales. That’s my ox.”
“Not exactly an uplifting story.”
“Not much is these days, my friend. Not much is. So, what is the cut you have to add to our national tragedy?”
“It’s more than a cut. It’s more than a knife. It’s a chainsaw massacre of the California taxpayer.”
“I presume that you’re talking about the fast rail?”
“Yup.”
“That’s a big pot of money. Some waste, corruption is probably to be expected, simply unavoidable,” Bruce said.
“If it’s a quarter, as you’re suggesting, that’s a lot of money, twenty-five billion, assuming that the final cost comes in anywhere near as low as the hundred billion they’re projecting now.”
“Isn’t some of that private money?”
“They hope it is. But of course, before you can get the private money, well, you need to sweeten that with public subsidies. You throw in a private dollar and the taxpayer will match it some way or another, put it right in your pocket. That’s corruption all by itself. Cuts the risk in half for the private investor, but they don’t have to share any of the profit in return. Not even in taxes, they get protection thrown in there as well. It’s like an enormous government condom thrown over the private money, and a well lubricated one at that.” 
“Hey, Bob, you still aren’t describing anything other than standard operating procedure, SOP.”
“I was down in the Bay Area yesterday,” Bob continued, relating all that he had learned about the sudden moving of the mid-peninsula station, and how real estate was quickly changing hands, and that the new ownership was being concealed in a bizarre game of three card monte. That finally got Bruce’s attention.
“Wow. That’s some pretty serious shit. Normally I’d say, no skin off my back, this is a California problem, let you and your fellow citizens pay the price. But there’ll end up being a federal bailout, and sure enough, there goes some more skin off my back. How did it get to this point? That they’re even bothering to go ahead with this project?” Bruce asked.
“Life of its own, and a governor that wants a legacy on par with his dad’s? Ego? Nothing that really makes any sense at all, that’s what’s so troubling about the whole thing. Makes no sense at all, but still, it keeps rolling on.”
“Sounds like science fiction. Create a monster, lose control of it, develops a will of its own, blazes a path of destruction. It’s a recurring theme. But this is real life,” Bruce suggested.
“The graft and corruption aside, the thing makes absolutely no sense at all. At peak ridership they’re figuring nearly one hundred million riders per year, 320,000 passengers a day. That’s one in a hundred Californians boarding a train every day. If you take away half our population, those that don’t live anywhere remotely convenient to a train station, then you’re talking one in fifty, every day. Take away another half the population from that, the elderly and infirm, children, the poor, and you're down to one in twenty-five. I could give you reasons why that should be cut in half again, and then once more. In order to meet projections you’d need everyone for whom it remotely makes any sense to ride, to make a roundtrip every week on this thing.  So you have two million people supporting a system that costs eighteen billion a year to operate, that’s nine thousand dollars a year, each. And that’s just operating expenses. Then there’s the two hundred billion in build out costs and accumulated interest on bonds, that’s $100,000 in capital improvements for each of the two million users, but paid for by thirty-eight million Californians. And this is all best case scenarios.”
“But they’re making the case that it will create tens of thousands of jobs, will be an economic recovery program.”
“We needed an economic recovery for the last five years, sure, but the economy is already crawling back now, all this will do is add pressure we don’t need. Materials prices will skyrocket, wages for skilled construction workers will skyrocket. There’ll be shortages of essential building material as we gobble them all up in construction.”
“It’s a matter of timing I suppose, you’re right about that”
“And the timing just isn’t right. We’ll end up having no choice but to import much of the material from China and other places. They’ll love it. They have the ability over there to ramp up production of materials and make boatloads of money. We don’t. With the regulations and hoops we need to jump through to add capacity, the delays will make it impossible to use domestic inputs. I can’t even find enough earth moving equipment with certified, diesel smog reduction retrofits to do half of what I am expected in the next year. I’ll have laborers out there with shovels and wheelbarrows before too long.”
What was to have been a pleasant, long-overdue reunion between two college buddies instead ended up having two friends take their leave of each other in a depression, a real funk.  Bob had to admit he had no idea what he was going to do next, and Bruce simply cautioned him to be careful.  They agreed to stay in touch more than they had done over the past decade and went their separate ways.
Bob returned to his condo in Walnut Creek, and wrote some notes, how best to bring his concerns to Tom’s attention, and how they could slow down this runaway train, take a pause for reflection. Surely Tom would see the sense of what Bob was thinking, and together they could do what was right for the people of California.
Bob called Tom from his condo Monday morning. The call started with pleasantries and questions about how their respective weekends had gone. Then Bob got to the heart of why he was calling. He relayed to Tom some of his misgivings about the project, about how it had not just the potential but quite possibly the reality of graft and corruption already under way.
“Bobby, Bobby, Bobby.  You’re getting all alarmed over nothing. Okay, not nothing, but over more than you and I can do anything about, and just not worth killing the whole thing over. You know, throwing out the baby with the bath water, whatever you want to call it,” Tom cautioned, clearly alarmed.
“It’s not a small cut, Tom,” Bob said, borrowing Bruce’s metaphor. “This is some serious stuff. It’s not somebody lining their pocket. It’s larceny, grand theft on a staggering scale.”
“Come in Bob, we need to talk.”
“I’m still exhausted from the weekend, can’t be there until this afternoon.”
“That’ll do, I’ll be waiting on you, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Have you talked to anyone about this yet?”
“Just my buddy Bruce, you don’t know him. We were college buddies, but stayed in touch over the years.”
“What’s he do?”
“Works for Amazon, up in Seattle, he’s down here to visit with his folks.”
“Okay, keep it between you and him for now, will you? There’s other info you clearly don’t have. It’ll calm you down, you’ll see it’s not nearly as bad as you think.” Tom was standing at his window looking down at the parking lot. He saw the brand new, gleaming white Dodge Charger that he was supposed to drive home himself tonight. He let out the breath he had been holding for the past thirty seconds. It was a deep, though silent sigh. He would have to give the keys to Bob, but that was alright, Dodge would make another one, for him.
“Alright,” Bob said, “should be there around one.”
“See you then,” Tom set the phone down and summoned Carol, his secretary. Carol would have been perfect for the position he had given to Bob. She was as loyal as they came. A single mom, she had a disabled son at home that was everything to her. She would know not to upset the apple cart. She would look the other way at a murder scene if it was necessary to protect her son, and the life her employment allowed her to give him. Except she did not know a 623G scraper from a 385CL excavator. If you said ‘Caterpillar’ she would think, ‘what a beautiful butterfly that will be some day.’ Or so Tom thought.
Carol came into the office. “Yes, Tom, what can I do for you?”
“Need to call a press conference over in Oakland for next Friday, late afternoon.”
“Usual press announcement to the media list?”
“No. No announcement, I’ll forward you a select list of journalists, notify them by e-mail, but wait until Friday morning to do it.”
“Sure Tom, anything else?”
“Yeah. No specifics in the announcement, just who I am, my position, and call it a status update.”
“Okay, I’ll calendar that for you and follow up on the announcement myself next Friday.” Carol made for the door.
“Oh, and Carol?”
“Yes?”
“Order another white Charger,  just like the one they delivered this morning.”
“Will do.”
Tom picked the keys up off his desk and strode over to the window again. He pointed the smart key towards the Charger and alternated pushing the two buttons, watching as the red brake lights flashed each time he pushed the button. He let out another sigh. He’d let one of the redundant security guards go, the savings would cover the purchase of another $50,000 pool vehicle. And an unforgettable overseas junket for Bob.

• • •

Tom had taken an early lunch to ensure he would be at the office when Bob arrived. Bob walked up to Kiko’s desk. “Afternoon, Kiko, how are you today?”
“Just fine, Bob, how about you? How was Palo Alto?”
“It was a good trip, but it’s going to be a tough job getting that community behind the realignment.”
“You must’ve already told Tom that, none too happy all morning. He’s waiting for you in his office,” Kiko pointed towards Tom’s office, then gave Bob a grimace that plainly said “good luck.”
Bob rolled his eyes upwards, turned on his heel and marched into Tom’s office.
“Bob, I’m holding a low key press conference next Friday on the Peninsula, incorporating your report and downplaying the move. At least the record will show down the road that we weren’t concealing anything, that it was all okay. But I might have to come up with something to distract the press, give ‘em something else to report on so that they don’t even remember why I’m there. Let me ask you a question,” Tom paused as  he did some quick scribbling on his notepad. “What sounds more impressive, 800 miles of track or 1300 kilometers of track?”
“1300.”
“Okay, what about 220 miles per hour or 350 kilometers per hour?”
“350.”
“We’re going to start going metric with the reporting on the system. It  sounds more impressive and is progressive, and the bullet is a big step, a progressive leap, into the future,” Tom said.
Bob sat and thought a moment, thinking he’d be better off keeping his mouth shut. But that was getting increasingly difficult. “How do you make one hundred billion dollars sound any better?” He asked.
“By the time we get near that figure a loaf of bread’ll cost ten bucks. Heck, in twenty years you could probably move the decimal point one column to the right. Today’s dollar will be tomorrow’s ten dollars.”
“By that logic, the cost of the system would become one trillion dollars.”
“Get outta here,” Tom grumbled. 
“Nothing else?”
“Give Carol the report, she’ll turn it into a dialog for me. Don’t know what I’d do without Carol,” Tom said, then added “you too, of course. And another thing, Bob, I need you to take a facility tour.”
“Oh? Why’s that necessary? I’ve been to each major construction site at least once this month, but it’s still just foundation work. Holes, rebar, forms, some poured concrete. Nothing that could even be remotely called a facility yet. What gives?”
“Not our system. I don’t care which system you pick, just want the best input you can provide. You’ll see them all eventually. So pick one: Paris, Tokyo, Beijing, Seoul, Hamburg, Taipei City, Rio, Madrid,” Tom said, grinning.  “Look Bob, high speed rail is the future, and every advanced society already has one. We don’t, we’re gonna get left behind in the dustbin of history if we don’t climb aboard. I want you to see that, you’re a team player. I want you to get inspired.”
Bob’s eyes lit up. He stood silently for a moment. He immediately thought of Kiko. “Tokyo,” he said, without hesitation.
Tom walked from behind his desk and put an arm around Bob’s shoulders. He took him over to the wall where he had a collection of framed pictures showing the locomotives of the world’s greatest, fastest, high speed trains. “Look at those,” he said. “They’re engineering marvels. They’re design marvels. They’re sex at two hundred and twenty miles an hour.”
They were beautiful machines Bob had to admit. Gleaming white and blue, with graceful, twenty foot long nose cones to part the atmosphere in front of them. Tilt them skyward and you could shoot them to the moon.
“Tokyo’s a good choice. Is your passport current?” Tom asked.
“Actually it isn’t, haven’t been out of the country in ages.”
“Well get on it, they have an expedited service for renewals, pay the fee and get it done. You leave soon as you have the passport in hand. Go for one week, tell Carol when you want to go, she’ll make your appointments, handle the arrangements, and secure your escort for when you get over there. Have any preferences with respect to that?”
“I’ll let Carol know.”
“Good, I don’t need to know the details,” Tom said, giving Bob a lewd wink. “And here,” Tom threw the Charger keys to Bob. “It’s in my parking space, but it’s yours. Leave the keys to the Pathfinder with Carol. Sorry it’s not a Challenger. It’s white, of course, and it has no badging on it. But it’s top-line, you can smoke just about any other car in Walnut Creek with it. Have fun, get out of here.”

CHAPTER NINE
Bob left the office whistling, smiling, and having completely forgotten the concerns he’d shared with Tom that morning. It crossed his mind that this junket made very little sense. He had no part in envisioning or designing any of the stations, or the track elevations, or the sound barriers or any of the infrastructure whatsoever. Tom had already made clear to him he was simply to read the blueprints they provided and do what the blueprints called for. The terrain had already been assessed and surveyed for issues and concerns, nothing had been overlooked. Just do what you’re told. Don’t cut corners, even while you negotiate the best deal for the authority, on all contracts. Ferret out waste, sure, but not at the risk of creating a dangerous work environment, slowing the project down, or compromising the final product. It was going to cost a breathtaking amount to build, get used to it. Smile when you sign a hundred million dollars worth of purchase orders in a single morning. 
Perhaps rather than Tokyo, the California taxpayer would have been better served if Bob were to make a domestic trip, to Boston, to find out what went wrong there. How a project had grown from a four billion dollar job over four years to a $14.6 billion job over sixteen years,  to put seven miles of roadway underground and tear down the aging elevated freeway it was replacing, so that the occupants of high-rent corner offices would have a prettier view of Boston Harbor. In constant dollars, the Big Dig, as it was affectionately known, cost twice as much as the Panama Canal to build. 
And here was the California SwiftRail, at twenty-five times the initial cost, and five times the proposed build-out time frame, of the Big Dig. What if things went only half as bad . . . Bob’s generation would pay, dearly, for a train they would never ride in their lifetime, sucking funds from much less ambitious, but much more necessary, infrastructure projects. The country had lost the ability, but not the will, to construct these massive projects. Things were changing too fast, too dramatically, the future too uncertain, to do anything beyond a ten year plan, while expecting everything else to remain constant.
Bob had fun with that Charger. It did everything Tom and Chrysler promised. He felt like a kid again, so much so he almost forgot the adult responsibility, to act honorably and selflessly,  that he had pledged himself to.  

• • •

The next week was routine and Tom was pleased with himself, believing that his largesse had placated Bob, and brought his deputy back from the edge of reason he had been experimenting with.
Tom walked into Bob’s office late Thursday afternoon. “Bob, did you get a chance to look over that dialog Carol wrote for me, for the press conference down in Palo Alto tomorrow?”
“Yes, I did Tom. A masterpiece. Says a bunch without really saying anything at all. Either you, or Carol, or both of you, missed your calling.  Together you guys could write a State of the Union address. Definitely impressed.”
“Thanks. You think that’s good, you should see how I field their questions! Back on Monday! Make that Tuesday, everyone’s taking the long weekend, me included.” Tom left the office howling in laughter. Bob could hear him clear out to the elevators.
Bob started coming back down from his euphoria over the new car and the planned trip to Tokyo and regained his desire to see his plan through. He could not forget the details he and Irina had uncovered, nor get his talk with Bruce out of his head. The whole project was, plain and simple, misguided in Bob’s eyes. He saw, and even understood, the arguments that the supporters were making. That the railway would be a source of pride and inspiration for thirty-eight million Californians, if not for the whole nation. There would be months of celebrations leading up to and including the day of the inaugural run. It would be a shot in the arm for the economy. More than a shot, it would be an intravenous drip, a steady, twenty year supply of adrenaline.  But still, there were too many unknowns lurking in the dark corners of the future.
Bob saw this in vivid detail the next day when his son Paul came to visit over the long Presidents’ Day Weekend, a six hour, 400-mile drive from Los Angeles he made with three friends. They all met at Wretched Sam’s for dinner that evening. Bob felt for them, as college students, and thought buying them dinner would be a nice way to thank them for driving Paul all the way up to Walnut Creek, especially with gas hovering around six dollars a gallon. It was unnecessary, he found out, when Paul introduced the driver of the car as his new girlfriend, Debbie. It was an unusual car she was driving, something Bob had never seen before.
Standing in the parking lot, ogling the car along with several nearby strangers, he asked her: “Not quite sure what to make of this car Debbie, what the heck is it?”
“Ha. It’s a Torun, my dad got it for me, kind of like a beta–test–loaner car from one of the companies he’s invested in.”
Bob circled the car once again. The engineers who built it seemed to have thought of everything. It had a sleek aerodynamic look, a lot like the bullet trains he would be putting on the track before too long. The tires were mere wisps of rubber on the wheels, they did not even appear to be inflated. He was curious as to what kind of motor was hidden under the hood.
Bob turned to Debbie, “did you say your last name was Stanhope? Vic Stanhope, the venture capitalist, he’s your dad? “
“Yeah, that’s him.”
As she turned her head to admire the car again, Bob looked at his grinning son and gave him a raised eyebrow, but approving, expression of surprise. Fortunately, he kept his upturned thumb in his pocket, as Debbie quickly returned her gaze to Bob.
“This technology will be in mass production and on the road in just a few years. We made it up here from UCLA in under five hours, on five gallons of diesel, $32 worth, about eight dollars for each of us.”
“But at a hundred thousand dollars a copy, I bet.”
“Actually, no, should be comparable to a conventional car, though, of course, can’t afford to manufacture them here in California.  Not sure where they’ll be built. I think they’re looking at Alabama or something.”
“Sounds like you’re more than a test driver, you taking a personal interest in this project?”
“Yes, I’m in Chu Liang’s class with Paul, that’s how we met, this is my future. It’s your future, it’s everybody’s future.”
“Congratulations, sounds promising.” 
This is not good news, Bob was thinking. He had looked at some classified pricing documents, not intended for even his deputy director’s eyes, that Tom carelessly left on his desk the other day. The documents were estimates for unsubsidized inaugural day ticket fares. If a family of four wanted to take an outing to Disneyland for a long weekend, between three days of parking, four round trip tickets on the bullet, and then taxi cab rides when they arrived in Anaheim without a car, transportation alone would add $900 to the cost of the trip. Or $64 for a roundtrip if they were to drive themselves in their new Torun. And who knew how much more advanced personal transportation would be by the time the fully built bullet had its inaugural run, from San Francisco to San Diego, in maybe fifteen or twenty years.
Bob was pensive for the rest of the evening, talking openly and realistically about his work on the railroad to the four students who appeared enthused over the prospect of high speed rail in their lifetime. Perhaps they just hadn’t done the math.  
The couple that accompanied Paul and Debbie got up to leave, they were expecting the girl’s parents to fetch them any moment now. After they had left, Paul and Debbie looked at each other, then at Bob.
“Mr. Jones,” Debbie began.
“Please, it’s Bob,” he said.
“Bob. Paul and I were listening to what you had to say about your project, and it sounds like a wonderful, challenging project. A project that you can take pride in. But . . .”
“I know, I know, I’m already starting to question it myself. It’s a sinkhole, the corruption, you wouldn’t believe.”
“Dad, it’s not even the corruption. Like you told me back in Cancun, we don’t know yet how to engineer that out of the human mind. But it’s much more. It’s like Debbie was going to say, it’s a white elephant, it’s already becoming obsolete.  The stuff that Professor Chu is dreaming up, it’s amazing. He’s not changing the laws of physics, but he’s bending them so much they’re ready to snap.”
“Okay, tell me, what’s the future?”
“It’s the past, with a little updating, better materials, more exact techniques. Remember how I use to be amazed at the vacuum conveyer system at the old Emporium? How they would put that cylinder in the tube and it would get sucked to the accounting department for processing?” 
“Sure, I remember.”
“That’s how Chu thinks we’ll be moving people. In pods, only in a vacuum tube. Pods that can carry one, two, four, eight people. Or a thousand pounds of freight. Suspended over magnets in a near-zero friction environment. You could push a one thousand pound pod in there by hand as fast as you could run, and not work up a sweat.”
“Except for the breathing part, in an oxygen-free vacuum,” Bob said, making a bleak attempt at humor.
“The entire conveyance system is no wider than a freeway lane, it can be buried under a single lane of asphalt or run on a viaduct down the center median of a freeway. The composite materials for the tube make them easy to manufacture and they have a life span of two hundred years,” Debbie continued. She and Paul were in sync telling their compelling story.
“Why manufacture them? Why not organic? Just plant a seed in the field, water it, and come back a year later and harvest your fifty foot tube sections?” Bob asked.
“That’s second generation. Before they wear out in two hundred years, that’s how it’ll be done. Just need to get the fertilizers worked out,” Paul said.
“The pods, which are never exposed to the elements, or friction, could last for a hundred years.  A pod could travel over four thousand miles in a single day, 150 million miles over its lifetime.” Debbie said.
“Oh. And let me guess, they’re lightweight and cheap to manufacture?” Bob asked.
“Except for the door and the seat recliners, the pod has no moving parts.” Paul said.
“The pods carry too few people to be of interest to terrorists, can’t get the effect they’d hope for by derailing a ten-car train with eight hundred people aboard,” Debbie said.
“What if you have to pee half way through your two hour trip to LA?”
“Get the School of Health Sciences to work on that problem, but if that’s the biggest problem anybody can come up with, I’d think this is a winner.”
“You could line the top of the above-ground tubes with next generation solar film, supplement the energy source,” Bob offered.
“Solar could supply all the power needs, power use is minimal in a friction-free environment. The fifty-foot modular sections can be recycled and replaced in hours if needed. The cost would be under a thousand dollars a foot, plus installation. Each pod is programmed for a non-stop trip to its destination. You could have hundreds of destinations with mini-terminals and feeders to a high-volume multi-tube main line. And do it for a few pennies a passenger mile.”
“That’s the future?”
“It’s just one scenario. Debbie’s Torun is another. It’s what Americans want, personal transportation with all the mass transit benefits.”
Bob’s eyes glazed over, his face went blank. Paul looked at him in alarm. “Dad, you okay?”
“I’m either having an epiphany or an aneurysm, not sure I can tell the difference,” he replied. “You’ve given me a lot to think about. Have nightmares about.” Bob smiled.
“I hope you can meet Professor Chu some day, he’s a brilliant mind. And he understands that physics and engineering are fun, but have no application in the real world unless you also understand economics. I think he learned that in Singapore.”
“Singapore. There’s another good news, bad news story. A benevolent dictatorship, in reality. But they don’t have to put up with the crap that passes for government decision making here.”
“It’s getting late, Dad. I promised Mom we’d be there in time to visit and not just go right to bed, so we’re going to take off now, I want her to meet Debbie.”
“Okay, thanks for a wonderful evening. Debbie, it was a delight to meet you. You and Paul make a great couple, so glad you found each other.”
“Thank you, Bob. I look forward to getting to know you better.”
It was a watershed moment for Bob. Were the salary, the pension, the perks, worth it? Or did none of that matter to him anymore?  Was it time for him to embark on a mission to save the people from themselves? Should he run brashly into Tom’s office, or even the SF Chronicle’s office, and spill the beans on what he knew about the graft, the corruption, the insidious calculations, the disaster they were heading towards? Or should he do it methodically, in a foolproof way that would ensure his victory? He began plotting a conspiracy. A conspiracy of one. 
But he needed some advice first, so he contacted another old time school friend, one he hadn’t spoken to in years. His name was Greg Killen, he had gone on to law school after college and now had a prosperous practice filing, and winning, class action lawsuits. The type where millions of people may have been cheated, often inadvertently, out of a few dollars each. But he would go in and get a refund for those millions, usually negotiated as a discount coupon on a future purchase, and walk away with thirty percent of the total award. Thirty percent of five dollars-one and a half dollars-for each of millions of people. And he was paid in cash, not a multi-million dollar discount coupon on a future purchase.  He supported a staff of twenty lawyers and associates in comfort, and lived like a king himself. He welcomed Bob’s call and they set up a lunch for the following week in San Francisco.

• • •

Rather than drive into the city Bob hopped on BART, the local rapid transit system, and made the trip quickly and easily right through the Oakland Hills, under the bay and into the middle of San Francisco’s downtown financial district, coming above ground just a few hundred feet from Greg’s Pine Street front door. They met in the building’s lobby and Greg had his firm’s driver take them to a renowned hamburger joint in the Mission District where they sat down to talk and eat while the driver circled the block waiting for them to finish.
“I’ve followed your career, done rather nicely for yourself,” Bob congratulated Greg as they entered the funky restaurant.  He was amazed at how well Greg had taken care of himself. He had always been a lady killer, and still turned heads as they walked in a single file in the narrow space between tables, making towards an empty table in the rear.  Still had his full head of air, which looked its natural color. Broad shoulders and a six foot plus stature completed the picture. He held a small, hard rubber SuperBall in his one hand that he kept clenching and unclenching.
Bob had enjoyed hanging out with Greg in college, he attracted the girls, and there were always some left over.  But it was Bob who ended up with Julie, and that was why they parted company after school, still as friends, but not with a vow to remain lifelong buddies. Bob was pleased at how that had been forgotten, even though Greg didn’t know neither of them had Julie now.
“It’s been good. But getting close to having enough. Some of my junior partners are ready to buy me out, and I think I’ll sell. Probably get out of California too, but where to, don’t know. What about you? How’s Julie. Yah Julie, always envied you for that score,” Greg said.
“Actually, it’s over, just finalized the divorce last year. Wasn’t pretty, but I’ve certainly moved on. What about you?”
“As I said, I envied you, past tense. It’s men now, been men for quite some time. It is what it is, I am who I am.”
“I wouldn’t have guessed.”
“Yeah, we come in all sorts of flavors. Mine is sedate, keep to myself, stay out of your face. You go about your life, I go about mine. Never thought it made much sense, or had any desire, to flaunt whatever my sexuality might have been, or is,” Greg said.
He continued, “But I don’t think you called to get updated on my social life. What gives?”
“I’m working for the California SwiftRail Authority, came out of a brief retirement to take on the job. I’m uncovering some scary stuff. This whole job was made to order for graft and corruption. Backroom deals, payoffs, expensive stuff that makes absolutely no sense. It’s a quasi-governmental organization, so oversight is sketchy at best. Reminds me of the water deals in LA, back in the day.”
“Forget it, Jake. This is Chinatown?”
“You got it, exactly. Except this is about a lot more than just sex and a few measly millions in bribes and payoffs. This is a whole new era of shakedown.”
“And why does this concern you?”
“I got a nice deal, but not sure if it is worth it to me anymore, selling out thirty-eight million Californians so that I can pad my retirement for a few million extra dollars.”
“I’m sure there are watchdogs and the like whose job it is to keep tabs on these things. Some pretty smart people doing that, too.”
“Well, yes. But I figured something out. There are two groups who watch out over these things. One is the group we usually call the conservatives. They have little power in the state now, or even for the last dozen years, and when they raise an objection they are pretty much ignored by everyone but their own ilk. They’re dismissed as whiners with no vision, no compassion.”
“The other group?”
“The others are sharp, they hate graft and corruption as much as the next guy. But they’re so in rapture of the bullet train that they would overlook just about anything that would get in the way of building this monstrosity of a railroad.”
“So going to the Chronicle would probably do little more than get you fired, your pension stripped, and run out of the state?”
“Hey, I’d be happy if that was the worst of it.”
“Leaves only one choice, then.”
“Which is?”
“Become a qui tam relater.”
“Okay, I was impressed by you before I even called you up yesterday, so no need to do the Latin on me.”
Greg chuckled as the waitress placed a basket with his hamburger and fries in front of him. “Whistleblower,” he said.
“How’s that work?”
“On the one hand, it’s much more complicated, and on the other, it’s much simpler. I know, I sound like a lawyer. On one hand you go running to a sympathetic reporter at the Chronicle, if one can be found, you simply tell your story and then let them dig. As a whistleblower you need to have the proof, and I mean real, substantial, incontrovertible, damning, shocking evidence. You make the case. You get immediate protection from reprisal, but lots of people will hate you, and hate you with a passion. And there could be a reward at the end of it. But the end of this could be so far away you’d never see it.”
“What do I do? I think that’s the approach to take, the whistleblower option.”
“First, think about and write your plan, this isn’t a seat of pants thing. I mean a real, clever, thoughtful plan. Think like you’re Indiana Jones, without the fantasy; Hunter Thompson, hopefully without the booze and drugs; and Sherlock Holmes, without a script that allows you to escape every tight squeeze. Sooner or later they’ll catch on to you, or at least suspect you, then it gets downright dangerous, a race to the finish line.”
“And, presumably, I’m running this as a one-man operation, no back-up, no support, no one to hear my officer down call for help?”
“Yep, you’re flying solo. You need to start by finding, and copying, documents, get a good hi-res camera, don’t use your cell phone, that can be hacked into.  Can you get hold of documents that your superiors signed, the questionable purchase orders, the fictitious change orders, the padded invoices, that stuff?”
“Yeah, I see most of those myself, in fact I . . . oh shit.”
“What?”
“Almost from day one, one of my responsibilities has been to be the director’s alter ego, he’s always gone. My signature has the same authority as his. It’s my signature on most of those purchase orders, change orders, invoices.”
Greg frowned. “Obviously, that’s not good.  I have a deposition this afternoon I have to make, but maybe you won’t have to go this alone. Let me get my brain wrapped around this just a little bit. I might be the one you call if you have an officer down situation.”
They stepped outside the restaurant as the car and driver were passing in front, having completed a twentieth trip circling the block in a neighborhood with notoriously poor parking, land prices in the hundreds of dollars per square foot, and status as the desired location for the as yet un-built SwiftRail northern Bay Area terminus.
Greg instructed the driver to pull up to the entrance to the BART station to let Bob out. “Thanks a million Greg, you have no idea how much I appreciate this.” 
They shook hands. Bob was opening the door to the car, but Greg stopped him. “I heard a story once, don’t know if it’s true or not. Heard that JW Marriott was ambidextrous and had the ability to maintain two sets of notes whenever he was in a meeting. With his left hand he would jot down the notes from what the other members of the group were saying. With his right hand he would be writing down his interpretation of those words, his thoughts, his course of action. I dunno if it’s a true story, but it’s a good one, and instructive. You need to operate like that, on two tracks. Keep them thinking you’re a team player, you’re one hundred percent in on this thing. But meanwhile be thinking about your strategy. Gathering, plotting, preparing. And shit, be careful.”
“I will, maybe I need some luck, too.”
“Here take this,” Greg said, handing his SuperBall to Bob. “It’s actually been a good luck charm for me, might do the same for you.”
Bob smiled, closing the door to Greg’s car and walking down the steps to the BART platform.
Bob did have nightmares that night. First hearing from his son and his girlfriend that the project he had promised fealty to was nothing but a red herring, a promise of great achievements and civic pride for thirty-eight million, while giving another much smaller, much more select group an opportunity to enrich themselves beyond belief. Then, a week later, he had met with his friend Greg, and told him what was going on, and been encouraged by Greg to spill the beans on the whole morass.
As a pendulum he had already swung as far as he could, and needed to center himself once again in Tom’s eyes, and ensure that the spring was completely unwound, so as not to arouse Tom’s suspicions any more than he already had. Greg was right, he was entering a new, tricky, and undefined place. One that would require him to think on his feet, even while driving by the seat of his pants.

• • •

Bob thought he had that balance when he walked into the office the next morning. He ducked his head into Tom’s office, surprised to find him there, and not off promoting the project, buying favor, or dispensing goodwill. 
“Morning Tom! Beautiful day!” Bob winced, that was too much, he had never greeted Tom that way before.
“Hi Bob. Yes, beautiful day. I’m only in for the morning, then have to run out for a bit. Nothing unusual going on here, what about with you? How’s Paul doing? Didn’t you say he’s coming home for a few days?”
“Yes, he was here over the holiday, but back at school, UCLA, now. I’m gonna get to work now.”
“Okay. Say, Bob, do you remember reading, last spring I think, about the auction where they sold the Edvard Munch drawing called The Scream for a hundred and twenty million?”
“Yes, I seem to recall that.”
“Sounds like a lot of money, right?”
“Yes, just about enough to build a mile of SwiftRail track.”
“Yeah, to you and me seems like a fortune, a preposterous amount. But to the buyer, the billionaire who bought it, nothing but a detail. That’s what you have to remember. The details don’t always make sense. It’s the big picture, Bob, keep the big picture in mind and let the small, seemingly senseless details get lost in the shadows.”
Later that day Tom stuck his head inside Bob’s office. “Bob, I’m leaving for LA for the rest of the week, hold things down for me, okay?”
“Sure will boss, have fun. Anything in particular going on down there I should know about?”
“No, the less you know about this trip the better,” Tom laughed. “But you know how to get hold of me if you need to.” Tom pulled his head out of Bob’s office and was gone.
Kiko was the next to stick her head in through the doorway, “Bob, Mary from accounting is here, she needs to talk to you.”
“Okay, thanks Kiko, send her in.” 
Mary walked in, an obviously troubled look on her face. “Bob, I can’t pay the invoices you sent over yesterday. Our next tranche hasn’t been forwarded by the Treasurers’ office, we’re on fumes.”
“But we still have six billion sitting over there, hope they don’t have any ideas about other ways to spend that. Has this happened before? I can’t remember if it has.”
“No, it’s like clockwork. I called the Treasurer’s Office, and they said the hang-up is at the SwiftRail Oversight Board, they seem to have demanded a 72-hour hold, whatever that is.”
“The Board has the right to do that, never have, and I don’t know what’s up. I’ll call over there and let you know, thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” Mary said, leaving the room.
Bob called Selma Hernandez, William Chung’s secretary. William was the Chairman of the Oversight Board. “Hi Selma, it’s Bob Jones over at the Authority. Mary just told me there’s a 72-hour hold on our next tranche, you know what that’s about?”
“Oh Bob,” Selma said, “things are a mess over here. You probably didn’t hear, but Bill got a diagnosis just two days ago, terminal cancer, very advanced, with very little time left. He called in his resignation while still at his doctor’s office.”
“Oh no. He’s way too young, still has kids at home, doesn’t he?”
“Yes, everyone over here has been crying non-stop since we heard. It’s just awful.”
“It is. Makes my problems over here seem insignificant.”
“Well, you still have a job to do, and we already have a new chair. It’s Dave Tepper.”
“Dave Tepper! My God, that’s the last person I would have thought the governor would nominate.”
“It’s not a governor’s appointment, it’s the Senate President pro Tem, Susan Bergman, she made the appointment.”
“That explains it better. How’d she get approval so quick?”
“She’s allowed to make an interim appointment in cases like this with thirty days to gain legislative approval, so Tepper is here for at least thirty days now, and he’s a shoo-in for approval after that.”
“Do you know what his problem is, and why he called for the 72-hour hold?”
“Something about irregularities, has had his nose buried in papers since yesterday, think he slept here last night.”
“Okay thanks, we’ll talk soon, I’m sure,” Bob said.
“I’m sure we will. Bye Bob,” Selma said.
Bob looked at his watch. It was eleven o’clock. Tom would still be on the ground, probably in the cocktail lounge with Ken Dinwiddie, waiting for the jet to get gassed up. He called Tom and told him what was going on. Oddly enough, Tom didn’t seem too bothered.
“I’ll make a phone call, don’t worry. You said it’s Tepper, right?”
“That’s right, Tepper. He was termed out of the 24th assembly seat last November, this commission job must be his reward for a lot of well done favors. Talk to you later.” Bob hung up the phone.
“Just a minute, Ken, need to make a quick call,” Tom said to Dinwiddie as they sat by the window of the lounge watching the small jets take off and land.
“Sure Tom, business needs to get done,” Ken replied.
Bob returned to the office after lunch and went to Mary’s desk in accounting. “Mary, guess you’re going to need to start calling the payees and telling them there’ll be a slight delay in payments,” he said.
Mary smiled back. “Not necessary, the hold was lifted, the funds are there.”

• • •

As Bob was leaving the office for the day his cell phone rang. “This is Bob,” he answered.
“Bob, it’s Greg.”
“Oh, hi.”
“You ready for Tokyo?”
“Yeah, I leave in about ten days.”
“Okay, have a great trip. And, I’m the man, the one you call if you need help. I’m here to back you up, you have any problems anytime or anywhere, you call me. Put me on speed dial.”
“Greg, I don’t know what to say. You’ll never know how much I appreciate this.”
“It’s my pleasure. Watch out for those geisha girls, okay.”

• • •

In the ten days leading up to his departure Bob went about his business for the authority, and his covert mission to gather evidence. Convinced that his cover was secure, he carefully set up operations to run as intended during his absence.
But it was too late. Tom was not just uncomfortable or suspicious of Bob’s motives. He had, over the past month, by monitoring Bob’s web surfing, his e-mail, his appointment logs, been able to determine that he was operating wholly outside his mission by now. Just this morning he had found that Bob was doing extensive Internet searches on Professor Chu, the UCLA professor who was Paul’s instructor. Tom knew of Chu’s research and theories, but had not paid much attention to them. Until he followed Bob’s trail, and discovered what Bob already knew. This made Bob that much more dangerous, it also elevated Chu above the radar, and made him a problem as well, perhaps one to be dealt with down the road.
Tom knew what he had to do. It was not something he had ever done before, even contemplated doing. But he had no trouble arriving at his decision to proceed, he had so thoroughly brainwashed himself, that it was for the greater good. He had become so invested in this project it now seemed to be just another purchase order, except he would have to sign this one himself.  He had no idea how to go about doing something like this, but he did know who to call. That was the beauty of such an interconnected world, and having access to unlimited funds. You could get anything done with a simple phone call and a briefcase full of cash. Even call for a hit. A hit on his friend, his hack, Bob Jones.  
Tom decided that Tokyo would be the perfect place for the hit. Far away, different standards, an impossibly long trail to follow back to him and his office at 1000 Monument Boulevard in Walnut Creek. He picked up the phone and called Sam, the owner of Sambun Sushi, a restaurant in a lousy location, with lousy food and few patrons. A restaurant that by all accounts should have had its doors closed years ago, but for some mysterious reason he kept them open. It was more an Asian laundry than an Asian restaurant. It was where Sam laundered the money he earned through his criminal enterprises.
The phone was answered on the first ring. “Is Sammy-san there?” Tom asked.
“Sammy-san no here,” the heavily accented woman responded.
“When back?” Tom asked, falling into the pidgin.
“No this week, you call cell if you have.”
“I have. I do that. Thanks.”
Tom didn’t bother looking in his own cell phone contacts, he did not keep Sammy’s cell number in any easily accessible or traceable place. He had used Sammy’s services before, but for relatively minor services such as payoffs, delivering bribes, maybe a hooker now and then or some drugs to keep the machinery of his empire running. Never for a hit though. He reached under his desk and pulled a magnetically attached cigarette case sized book from under the desktop. The book contained a record of all the contacts, and the high crimes and misdemeanors that had become necessary to keep things moving along at the pace of a speeding bullet. He needed only to glance at the number to recall it. He then went into Bob’s office, picked up Bob’s phone and dialed the number he had just recommitted to his memory.
It rang twice. “Hello?” Tom heard on the other end.
“Sammy-san, its Tommy-san.”
Over the years Tom and Sam had developed their own peculiar vernacular. An oddly playful vernacular given the nature of their business together. Scratch me was code for arranging a payoff or bribe, the details of which would be worked out later; geisha was code for arranging a woman, regardless of the desired ethnicity; cut was code for sabotage, say for example, if a contractor was dangerously close to earning an outrageous and poorly negotiated early-completion bonus, and was unwilling to kick any of it back, and Tom needed to have an essential piece of equipment temporarily disabled; or deep cut if it was to be permanently disabled with as simple a solution as bleach in the oil reservoir. But a hit, they had never discussed a hit before, and Tom was wondering what code word would be appropriate for that.
“Tommy-san!” Sam gushed over the phone. How Sam had become such a Nipponphile was of casual interest to Tom, though he didn’t dwell on it at all. Sam was maybe an eighth Japanese, but it seemed to be the eighth that mattered most, both to Sam and to the connections he needed to go about his shady business.
“What can I do for you?  I assume this isn’t a social call, otherwise I’d have heard from you last week, to wish me a happy birthday.”
“So sorry Sammy-san, had no idea when your birthday was, or even any idea how old you are, even what decade you’re in. You Asians, very difficult to guess your age.” Tom stressed the little bit of Asian heritage, it seemed to be the part that Sam treasured most, and Tom knew how to play to one’s pride, vanity, ego, whatever button you liked to have pushed.
“Then what can I help you with?”
“Black widow?”
“Not sure what you want.”
“I need you to roll someone.”
“Beat him up, or pop him?”
“Pop.”
“Big step up, isn’t it?”
“Yeah.”
“Hope your pockets are deeper than I have known them to be. Depends on some more facts, but you’re probably looking at eighty large.”
“I figured, but can manage that. I have an employee, he’s getting to be a problem, a big problem, asking too many questions, running off track. He’s going to be in Tokyo next week, would like it done there.”
“Good coincidence, I’m in Tokyo right now, I can arrange it right away. Does he like geisha?”
“I see him eyeing Kiko pretty intently, so yes.”
“Okay. Overnight me a file. Pictures, habits, his itinerary. Have your travel agent arrange air, I’ll have mine arrange hotel, escort and everything on this end. Except his business appointments, you of course need to do that, but keep me informed. What’s he doing over here?”
“Talking to the operators of the Shinkansen, fact finding trip, nothing of great importance.”
“Okay, let me give you my Tokyo drop address. Have the files sent over there today, FedEx,” Sammy said, then gave Tom the address.
“Will do. How you want payment?”
“Take half over to Sambun now, give it to Maraseku, a forty thousand deposit’ll buy you a Tokyo Roll to go. Ha ha,” Sam laughed. “Get me the other half when the job’s done, ok?”
“Sounds fine. I’ll have that out right away, you start planning. Make it elegant, a pure accident,” Tom said, then continued after thinking just a moment about his friend, Bob. “And painless, make sure it’s painless, please.”
“You got it. We’ll do lunch in a few weeks, when I’m back stateside, okay?”
“Okay. This is new to me. Nothing to connect me, understand? Burn the papers I send you after you get them, okay?”
“I’m a pro, Tommy-san.”
“Okay Sammy-san. Happy belated birthday. How old are you anyway?”
“More birthdays than I had a right to expect.”
“Okay. Bye Sammy-san.” Tom hung up the phone and walked over to the wall safe, pulling away the painting, keying in the simple combination,  and swinging the door open. Tom looked at the cash that had been kicked back from the design firm that had been paid to design the new logo for the authority, taking two stacks of two hundred and fifty crisp hundred dollar bills each out of the safe, tucking one stack under his arm then counting off one hundred bills from the second stack. He went to return the remaining ten thousand to the safe, paused, and put just half of it back. The other half he stuffed in his front pants pocket.


CHAPTER TEN
Bob’s last day in the office before leaving for Tokyo was one of well wishing and assurances that everything would be taken care of just fine while he was away. Kiko and Carol brought in a few bottles of champagne and gave Bob an impromptu bon voyage party with a few of the employees from accounting and engineering in attendance.
“Kiko, Carol, Dave, Sally, Mary, Sandra, George, Harlan, Vickers,” he looked around to make sure he hadn’t left anyone out, “thanks so much for the well wishes. I’ll have a great time, I’m sure of that. But also, I’ll come back with lots of notes and ideas to further our vision for high speed rail in California!”
The others in the room raised their glasses and took a sip of their champagne.
Bob continued, “now I know that I’m the one that gets to see Mt. Fuji, and the glittering lights of the Ginza, and the Imperial Palace and all that stuff, but just think, y’all will get a new t-shirt when I come back! No, not really, but there is a sheet of paper on Kiko’s desk there, write down what you want me to bring back for you. As long as it’s legal and not Mikimoto. I don’t know if I can sign off on my own expense report for this trip.”
It was past closing time and everyone seemed to be anxious to get going so they filed out leaving Kiko, Carol and Bob. Tom had not been able to be at the office on Bob’s last day.
“Have a great time Bob,” Carol said, leaning over and kissing him on the cheek.
“Yes, I will miss you while you’re gone,” Kiko said, giving him a long hug and a kiss on his cheek.
“I will ladies, I’ll be thinking about you the whole time.” Bob gathered up some papers he intended to bring along on the trip and left the office. It would be an early night, he had to be at the airport before sunrise the next day. 

On the flight to Tokyo Bob had an opportunity to bone up on the Shinkansen, it made for fascinating reading. First conceived in 1930, it took the Japanese government and industry nearly thirty-four years to actually begin construction, never mind that they had a depression, a war, and a virtual leveling of their entire infrastructure to deal with in between.  When the first phase of the system was complete it ended up costing double the estimate, an astonishing four billion dollars. Shinji Sago, the president of Japan National Railway, accepted responsibility and resigned in disgrace. Bob couldn’t find out if he also put the curved blade of a tanto to his gut as part of the penance. He tried to picture Tom accepting responsibility, let alone resigning, let alone splitting his gut in anything but laughter.  
He found that thought futile, so instead he held up two fingers for the bartender. Had to keep the double shots of scotch coming, or else he would be encouraged to give up his seat at the bar to another, more obliging, patron. Another double and he would sleep soundly for the last six hours of the flight, arriving in Tokyo in the early afternoon, refreshed.
He continued his reading, pages and pages he had downloaded from sites on the Internet. It was not authorized reading as it clearly illustrated why it was not good company policy to attempt any comparison of the two systems, Japan’s and California’s. With roughly the same land mass Japan had a population three and a half times that of California. The vast majority of Japan’s population lived within a short distance of the bullet train; and three quarters within an easy trip to a station.  Total ridership in Japan was about 176 million per year, and the California SwiftRail Authority was projecting a ridership of nearly two-thirds that, despite the apples and oranges population density comparison.
A new company, Japan Railroad, was created by a private buyout firm and purchased the whole system out of bankruptcy for a third of the cost to build it. Let the taxpayers pay billions upon billions to build it, then when the government can’t run it, buy it from them for millions and millions, using loan guarantees backed by those same taxpayers. Bob loved capitalism, but wasn’t quite sure if that was what you called this.  For some reason he wanted to put the word ‘fucked’ in there, somewhere, when thinking about the beleaguered taxpayer.
The northernmost terminus of the Central Valley high speed rail backbone was Sacramento, a city just shy of half a million people. Sacramento was the sixth largest city in the state. In Japan you had to move down to Kawaguchi, the 28th largest city, to get to the same half million population figure.  Everything about Japan screamed high speed rail. But to Bob nothing about California did the same, except for one simple fact: California was a land filled with dreamers, romantic dreamers. Dreamers with visions of Orient Express  glamour, Silicon Valley-ish thoughts of ‘nothing is beyond our ability’, and a 49-er determination to defy the odds or die trying. Never mind that the Orient Express served only royalty, nobles, and diplomats; that Silicon Valley was now consumed by nano-technology, which an 800-mile track certainly wasn’t; and today’s Californians’ would spend more in real dollars fixing the environmental damage than they pulled in gold from the mountains, a disaster that a mining heritage had saddled them with, 160 years later.
Bob downed his last double scotch and returned to his seat, ready to fall fast asleep. He did, and slept soundly until the steward shook him gently awake and advised him they would be landing at Tokyo’s Narita International Airport in just a few minutes. Bob looked out his window and saw nothing but a densely packed urban landscape, and they were still a good fifty miles from Tokyo. He knew that there was moderately fast train service from the airport almost to the front door of his hotel in Tokyo’s Ginza district, and he had only one bag, but he had requested to be picked up by car and taken downtown. He was expecting a  business-suited man to greet him after he cleared customs.
As he walked and studied the placards the scores of drivers were holding he spied his name, even if it was not always the best thing to assume he was the only Jones arriving. He looked down at the legs under the sign then quickly up. He sadly assumed that, in fact, there must be another Jones on the plane, this astonishingly beautiful woman couldn’t be his driver. But he didn’t know of any rock stars named Jones other than Brian, and Brian Jones had been dead for a very long time. 
The lady smiled. “Mr. Bob Jones?”
“Ahh, yes, that’s me,” Bob sputtered.
“Hi. I Sabrina,” she said, in charming, broken English, extending a graceful hand. “I you tour guide for stay in Tokyo. I very pleased to make your knowing.”
Bob took her hand and held it for a few seconds, she was making no attempt to pull her hand back. So he hung on a few seconds longer. “It’s my pleasure to make your acquaintance as well.”
“How is you flight from San Francisco?” she asked, motioning him towards a baggage carousel.
“Very nice, thank you. Your national airline, it’s a very well run operation, wonderful people taking care of us on board. Are all Japanese so friendly?” he asked.
“Yes. We are a very friendly, very happy people. We like to take very good care of our guests.” She tugged gently on his elbow, pulling him over towards the chute were the bags were spilling onto the conveyor belt. “I park double, I hope we get you bag quickly and go!”
Bob saw his bag, pointed to it and grabbed it. Sabrina took hold of his elbow once again and guided him to the door, and out onto the sidewalk to her waiting Lexus. There was an airport security patrolman inspecting the car. He and Sabrina exchanged some sharp words and he dismissed her with a wave of the hand as he turned to walk away.
“How’d you do that?” Bob asked as he threw his suitcase into the backseat through the door she had opened for him.
“I can tell from he first word what prefecture he from, same as mine. So I talked back to him in a dialect. We look out each other that way, we are Japanese people, but we loyal to our regions. He is young and lost up here in big city, our prefecture very rural. So nice for he to know him not alone.”
Bob opened the front door and was surprised to see a steering wheel in front of his seat. “You drive?” Sabrina asked, chuckling. 
Bob quickly realized his mistake, remembering he was now in a left-hand drive country. Swinging the door open wider, he motioned for her to get in. She smiled and did that. He rounded the car, getting in on his side and they left for downtown Tokyo. It was a long drive through very heavy traffic, but she was a pro and adept at weaving her car through the smallest of spaces, gaining a car length here and there, missing bumpers by inches. All the time she was telling him about Tokyo, and Japan, and the Japanese people. It was the most informative lesson he’d had in a long time, and was sorry when they pulled up to the hotel and the lesson ended.
She touched a finger to his nose and said “I have things to do. I be here at eight in morning for a tour and ride on Shinkansen, okay?”
Bob wanted to say no, come in for a drink, but he did not know with certainty if she was strictly a tour guide, an escort, or a combination of both. “Okay, thank you so much for the introduction to Japan. I’ll see you tomorrow.” He got out of the car and started walking towards the front door of the hotel.
Behind him he heard her call out “you want bag?”
“Of course.” Bob sheepishly walked the few steps back, opened the rear door and retrieved his suitcase. “See you tomorrow,” he said.

Bob woke up long before his arranged meeting time of eight o’clock with Sabrina. He was in an exciting city, a long way from home, had an expense account that he would sign off on himself, and he would be in the company of an extraordinarily beautiful woman. Why shouldn’t he be smiling? He shaved, twice, did a few push-ups and sit-ups, satisfied that he would not falter in the company of such an energetic young woman. Room service brought up a simple continental breakfast and two tall glasses of orange juice. He was dressed comfortably and stylishly, and was certain that he did not look anywhere near his age today. He had fun on his mind as much as, or more than, work.  But the agenda he had been given did seem to suggest that today was really designed to be a holiday.
Sabrina had come by foot this morning, it just was not worth trying to find parking near the Tokyo Shinkansen Station. They took a cab down there to catch the train to Hiroshima and back. All told it would be a three hour round trip. The fare for the express, per ticket, was an eye-popping $266.  Sabrina had Bob charge both tickets to his credit card for expense account reimbursement. She could have asked him to buy her a string of Mikimoto pearls on his expense account and he would have asked her how many loops around her neck she wanted. 
As they walked up to the platform the train stole silently into position, its electric doors opening silently. They had five minutes before it would leave the station bound for Hiroshima. Bob placed his hand on the polished, sparkling nose cone. This was probably one time that both the marketing and engineering teams had agreed without hesitation on the final product. The locomotive exuded sexuality with its phallic shape and blemish free complexion. He did not want to remove his hand from the warm surface and would have remained there transfixed if Sabrina had not grabbed his elbow, urging him to get on board the train before it left the station without him.
During the trip he paid close attention to what she was saying, and asked many relevant questions of her, but he just could not take his mind off imagining what it would be like to hold her tightly in his arms. Every time she touched him directly or sat close enough that their legs would touch, his heart raced. Surely she must know what she is doing to him, he thought. She sat him on the left side of the train, and it was not until Mt. Fuji had fallen below the horizon behind them that he remembered it as one of the sights he most looked forward to seeing.  Sabrina assured him that they would see it, in the light of the setting sun, on their way back.
They were in no great hurry to return to Tokyo, so Sabrina gave Bob a leisurely tour of Hiroshima. He saw the Atom Bomb Dome, and was just a bit uncomfortable about what to say, as an American to a Japanese. But she saw it as just another tourist site, grabbing his hand and racing up a short flight of concrete steps to a nearby dedication park. Still holding his hand at the top she grabbed his other hand in hers and gave him a quick kiss on the lips. She then released both his hands and went running over to some flowering bushes and put her nose to a blossom, inhaling deeply. 
“A beautiful smell, just a beautiful smell,”  she exclaimed.
Bob did likewise, bending over and putting his nose to a blossom, and agreeing with her. 
“You want lunch?” She asked. “I’m hungry!”  She pointed to a small shop across the street, one of the few that bore only Japanese characters on its sign.  “There, they have good miso and maybe some sashimi.”
“Okay,” Bob said.  It was invigorating to be in the company of the young and delightful Sabrina. She skipped more than she walked and would run around him in circles, smiling, laughing, bowing, and playful; acting more like a schoolgirl than a thirty-one year old woman.
They were seated at a window table, and she seemed to have a great deal of fun speculating about the people who would walk by on the sidewalk, in their view.
“That man, he very old, maybe bomb survivor, we still have some of them here. They were very small child when it happen,” she said.
“How do the people of Hiroshima feel about Americans, after what we did in the war?”
“Most people now born after war, those left, they understand that Japan do horrible things in wars too. We Japanese, we like you Americans.”
The waiter returned to their table with steaming miso soup and a heaping plate of sashimi. Sabrina picked up her chopsticks and began to stir her miso soup.  “You know to use chopstick?”
“A bit clumsy with them, but I can manage,” he said.
“You need practice more. You know how we practice in Japan?”
“How?”
“We pick up penis with them,” she said.
Bob burst out laughing. Sabrina looked at him quizzically. “What funny?” she asked.
Bob had caught on right away to what she meant to say. “I think you meant to say pick up peanuts with them.”
Sabrina blushed visibly, realizing her mistaken pronunciation.  “Peanust,” she said, marginally improving on her attempt to say peanuts. Bob was unaware that the mispronunciation was a practiced ice breaker among Asian women speaking in heavily accented pidgin English, and they were often quite aware of what they were saying, and the reaction they would get from their date.
“The soup, the sashimi, it’s all very excellent,” Bob said as he finished the last of his meal. He pulled out his credit card and laid it on the table.
“Thanks you for lunch, you very sweet man.” 
The lunch was satisfying, and went by quickly, but now she all of a sudden seemed to be in a hurry to get back to Tokyo. Hand in hand, they walked the short distance back to the train station and boarded one of the express trains that ran to Tokyo every twenty minutes.
She sat close to him, at times almost in his lap, for the entire trip back to Tokyo. For the next ninety minutes she told him more about the culture and history of Japan, as well as asking him about the United States. She said she had never been there, but hoped to some day visit.
“That why I practice English, so I can visit America some day. I go to Hawaii, but that not like rest of America. I want to see California very much,” she said.
“You can come over any time as my guest,” Bob said, squeezing her hand tightly.
“Maybe someday I do,” she said, squeezing back.
“Look, there,” Sabrina said pointing out the window, leaning over him to get closer to the window, “Mount Fuji, is beautiful?”
Bob looked at the mountain. It truly was in all its glory. Seeing it for the first time, in awe as he viewed its rapidly diminishing snowcap.
“I understand why it’s a national treasure,” he said. “Sorry I won’t have time to visit it.”
“Maybe on you next visit to Tokyo, we go see it. You do come back see me again?” she asked playfully.
Though she had come to meet Bob that morning using public transit, she nevertheless took the time to escort Bob back to his hotel and they sat in the lobby for a while, continuing their discussion from earlier. Sitting in the lobby he was finding her much more friendly and wondered if tonight might be the night she accompanied him upstairs to his room.
“Tell me,” Bob said, “do you come from a large family?”
“No, I born first, then both my parents die in accident. I very young then. My uncle let me live and grow with his family. He have two children,” she said.
“I’m so sorry to hear that. Then you probably don’t even remember your parents, do you?”
“No, not remember them. And my uncle live far away now and his children, I call them sisters. But we do not see often.”
“So you are pretty much alone in Tokyo?”
“Yes, alone by self. But many friends, and many people I work with.”
“What exactly is your work?” Bob was immediately sorry he had asked that question as she seemed to suddenly grow cold trying to answer.
“I mostly tour guide. Show business people like you around Tokyo. And some other things. I think you call it Jack of trades or something.”
“Jack of all trades, though we also say Jane of all trades, when it’s a lady.  You’re a very sweet lady, too. I’m surprised that you have not married.” Bob was angry with himself, he now seemed to be asking all the wrong questions.  
She was warming up to Bob again after her brief reflection on her job description. “No rush to get marry, and don’t think I want to be mama, so I have fun, all the time,” she said, smiling again.
“The night is still young,” Bob said, hopefully.
“Tonight have other business that  must take care of, but I promise, it’s last night. Tomorrow we have dinner together and then do whatever you want to do, okay?”
“Of course, Sabrina. That’s fine, I’ll go to bed early, rest up for tomorrow.”
“Tomorrow show you Tokyo, you no can meet the Shinkansen people until next day after, so only play tomorrow, that okay with you?” She asked.
“I think I can live with that, Sabrina.”
“Okay, Bobby-san. I see you tomorrow morning, maybe nine here in lobby, okay?” She put her face up to his, kissing him on the mouth, parting her lips. It was a passionate kiss. It was a promising kiss.
Back up in his room, Bob pulled out his laptop and took several pages of notes about his experience riding the Shinkansen, his first ever ride on a high speed train. For some very good distances and times the train approached two hundred miles per hour, and it truly was an exciting experience to ride on one of these trains. The nearby scenery flashed by in a blur, and even the more distant views were changing at a dizzying pace.  The seating was comfortable, though nearly every seat was taken, and it felt crowded. The train was clean, the vibration was tolerable at its worst, and at times he felt he was riding on air. No question, it would be wonderful to have one of these back home, he thought. But then, so would a state university with enough seats for all who wanted to attend, parks that were open year round, every year, and sewage treatment plants that didn’t back up for lack of capacity. 
He checked his e-mail, there was nothing from Tom except a wish that he have the time of his life while he was over there, or, to use Tom’s wording exactly, “Bob, you have seven days in Tokyo. Live each one like it’s your last!”  

As promised, Sabrina was in the lobby of the hotel promptly at nine the next morning. The report had been for unseasonably warm spring weather, and both had dressed appropriately. Though Sabrina’s simple sun dress was somewhat loose fitting, it was sheer enough that it showed off her figure to Bob’s delight. And, in the right lighting, it almost looked as if she was wearing nothing.  Even as he enjoyed her company, Bob knew it was going to be a very long, tense day of anticipation. Despite everything Bob had put himself through over the past months, including his monumental decision to give up everything his new lifestyle promised in order to blow the whistle on the corrupt organization he worked for, he was able to put everything except his desire for Sabrina out of his mind.
Most of what they were going to see in Tokyo that day was clustered fairly near the Ginza district. Sabrina nevertheless brought her car, knowing that she could simply have Bob charge any parking fees to his corporate card. She had sweet talked the doorman into letting her leave the car at the hotel entrance for the few minutes it would take her to find and lead Bob out. Bob felt, with some satisfaction, that the doorman gave him an envious glance as he left, hand in hand with Sabrina.
The  Imperial Gardens could easily be a several day tour if you wanted to see everything it had to offer, and they spent hours walking and taking in the cherry blossoms whose already dropped petals carpeted areas of the park. 
“You lucky, Bob, mankai come early this year,” she said.
“What is mankai?” Bob asked.
“It is full bloom of the cherry blossoms, you never see something like this anywhere. Come stand over here with me,” she grabbed Bob’s hand and they walked over to a central point, in the midst of the trees ablaze with blossoms.
“Now we wait,” she said.
“Wait for what?”
“Just wait.” They waited for no more than ten minutes when Bob felt a breeze start to pick up. Quite suddenly there was a stiff gust of wind and before Bob knew it they were lost in a blizzard of purplish blossom petals being blown off the trees around them.  Sabrina giggled with excitement. “When you ever see that before?” she asked.
“Never before,” Bob said, awe-struck by the display, maybe a once in a lifetime stroke of good luck, the right place at exactly the right time. The wind died down and they resumed their casual walk, through petals that now completely covered the ground.
Bob decided to show off his one bit of trivia about Tokyo. “You know, Sabrina,” he said, “during the height of Tokyo’s speculative real estate bubble a few decades ago Tokyo real estate had a theoretical value that exceeded the value of every acre of land in California at the time.”
The fact seemed to have been lost on Sabrina who acknowledged it with a “hmmm” as she continued to point out the features of the meticulously landscaped grounds.  Bob knew he had been wrong to take something as beautiful as these gardens and try to assign a value to them, even if it was a comment made in jest, just useless trivia. Did everything have to have a monetary value? Bob wanted to change his mind set, and just start to appreciate things for what they were. She was clearly proud of the achievement that the gardens represented.
Just outside the garden she took him down an alley towards a stall that he could smell from a hundred feet away. When they arrived there she held up two fingers and motioned for Bob to pay the lady as she wrapped two rolls in waxed paper and handed them to Sabrina. Bob paid the lady.
“Deep fry squid sandwich, you have this before?”
“No I haven’t,” Bob said, taking the roll from her outstretched hand. He took a bite. It was the best ten dollar sandwich he had ever put to his lips.
For the next three hours they went about touring the sights of Tokyo, or rather the northwestern corner of Tokyo. Sabrina had lived in Tokyo for ten years now, and she admitted that despite having tourism as her job, there was still much she had never seen in the sprawling city.  But they soon began tiring of the tour and they both agreed, perhaps it was time for an early dinner, and an end to the sight-seeing.
They parked the car in a private garage a block away from the hotel and Sabrina gave Bob the stub so that he could pay, and put it on his expense account, on the way out.  He assumed it would be a small amount so he pulled the wad of cash from his pocket rather than his credit card. He was surprised when he was asked to hand over eight thousand yen, nearly one hundred dollars, to keep the car there for the next twenty-four hours. But then, his hotel was running eight hundred dollars a day, and he expected dinner to top four hundred. Tokyo was a very expensive city to do business in.
They walked hand in hand down the busy street, she admiring the wonderful goods piled high in the shop windows, he wondering just how much of a hint that was to buy her something nice. We’ll wait and see, he thought, saying, “tonight is dinner, tomorrow we go do some shopping.”
She seemed disappointed, but got over it pretty fast. It was early evening, and she pulled him into a high rise lobby two doors down from his hotel. They took the express elevator up to the top floor restaurant. They had a stunning view of Imperial Park from their window seat. Bob sat back and let Sabrina take over from there, the ordering, the conversation, the mood. It was all working out so nicely.
Sabrina apparently knew the restaurant, or at least what to order in any fine Tokyo restaurant, as she rattled off her selections. She had chosen the Kaiseki, a full course meal set for two, and featuring the house specialty, Jiburi, a duck and potato stew. She ordered the wine, a fine bottle of French red, a vintage he had never heard of, but then he’d always been a California wine drinker.
Picking up her chopsticks she smiled at Bob. “Peanuts,” she said slowly and carefully, again putting an undue emphasis on the ‘t’.
Bob laughed. “Much better. I find your accent and how you talk very charming,” he said. “And it’s much better than my Japanese. Are there any words in Japanese that I should know?”
“You are very bukiyoo na,” she said.
“Bukiyoo na,” Bob repeated.
“Good pronouncing, it means kind. Friend is tomotdachi, good is yoi, and happy is shiawase.”
Bob pointed out the window to a neon sign far below their vantage point. He pronounced the Romanesque word, “tada, what’s that mean?”
“Free.”
“It’s a start, you can teach me more?”
“Yes, I can teach you much,” she smiled.
They sat, and ate, and talked, for hours. The bill came, it was almost eight hundred dollars with tip, “that’s a lot of moolah,” he said. “How you say money?”
“Shihei, that is paper money. But for you rich American, this is kozeni.”
“Kozeni?”
“Change in your pocket, small money.”
 Bob could have cared less about the bill, he had been told to live like it was his last day. As far as he was concerned this was tada kozeni, free money. They went for a stroll along Chuo Street, the Ginza’s main drag,  before heading back to the hotel.
She was clinging tightly to Bob as they rode the elevator up to the forty-seventh floor and his room. Back in Bob’s room they sat next to each other on the sofa, and Sabrina snuggled up to him. He placed an arm around her, drawing her even closer. She then straddled his lap, easily guiding her one hundred and ten pound frame into a sensual position with a knee on either side of his legs. She grasped his head in both hands with her palms pressing his temples and her fingers running through the thick hair above both ears. She placed her open lips over his and sucked his tongue part way into her mouth, biting down gently. Bob ran his hands down her sides bringing them to rest with a buttock in each. He was ecstatic. As she pushed her body hard against his, she drew away for a minute.
“I never kissed this way,” she said.
“And I was always under the impression that kissing wasn’t part of Japanese culture,” Bob replied.
“It isn’t, you get lucky,” she smiled. “My sisters never kiss their husbands.”
And as they sat on the couch that evening, passionately holding each other, Bob discovered something else about Sabrina. Kissing her neck drove her absolutely wild. Then there was a knock on the door and Sabrina jumped off his lap. “I have surprise for you,” she said.
She went to the door and opened it. There was a slight man standing there holding two covered plates in his hands. Bob thought it odd that room service would make a delivery without a cart. Sabrina took the plates and kicked the door shut with the bottom of her foot. She came over and placed the plates on the coffee table in front of Bob. “You know much about sushi?” she asked as she removed the metal protective covers from the plates. Each plate had a dozen samples of sushi on it.
“This not hotel sushi, this from Takefugu, best sushi house in all Tokyo. Brought special for you, it a midnight snack. You like?”
“Looks interesting, not what I’m used to back in the US, though.”
“You know much about sushi?” she asked again.
“I know what a California Roll is, but that’s about it. Usually just ask for the house special, and let them surprise me. Haven’t come across too much sushi I don’t like, though that one sure looks odd,” he said, pointing to a small raised platform in the middle of the plate. A white, almost translucent, thinly shaved fish was heaped on it. She had a similar arrangement on her plate.
“That fugu, you know, tiger pufferfish?” She appeared to be getting tipsy, if not downright drunk, from the sake she was quaffing, nearly matching him shot for shot, despite her spare frame.
“I know they’re ugly little things, but didn’t know you could eat them.”
“Special treat, just for you!” Sabrina said downing another shot of sake.
“Hmmm, thank you,” Bob said, unsure if he could really eat something that looked like the pufferfish–fugu translated from Japanese to English as river pig– and eat it raw, yet.
“I have to go bathroom,” Sabrina said, popping one of her sushi slices in her mouth and getting up.  While she was gone Bob looked carefully at the pufferfish sushi. Not wanting to risk offending her by rejecting this special treat, he carefully removed the eel from on top a piece of sushi on her plate, pushed the pufferfish shavings deep into the center of the roll, and replaced the slice of raw eel on the now somewhat flattened roll.  The way she piled the wasabi and ginger on top of her sushi, she couldn’t possibly know that he had done a bait and switch on her. Everything looked perfectly normal as she returned and took the seat on the sofa next to him.
“You eat the fugu! You like?”
“Not bad.”
Sure enough, she heaped the wasabi and ginger on the roll he had doctored, stuck it in her mouth and smacked her lips. “Sushi such good food. You like the sushi?” she asked again.
“Oh yes, delicious,” Bob said, satisfied that his subterfuge worked, she was none the wiser, and he was that much closer to enjoying every delight he had dreamt about all day.
She excused herself once more and disappeared into the bathroom again, clutching her ‘overnight’ bag, which was really no bigger than a kindle carrying case. She reappeared wearing a tee shirt and flannel pajama bottoms with a tweety bird design on them. She really was quite playful, and when she motioned for Bob to follow her into the bedroom, he placed one hand on the sofa back swinging his legs, then body, over the back and, without missing a beat, was walking towards her. He stripped down as he walked and soon was in bed next to her.
Since she was quite willing, at one-thirty in the morning, he tightened his embrace around her, and they began kissing passionately. He slipped his hand under her flannel pajama bottoms and in one fluid motion, had them off. Her top came off just as easily and there she was, lying naked, except for her panties, next to him. Her svelte figure covered in a silky smooth alabaster, warm and soft to the touch. He began kissing her neck and she arched her head backwards, moaning ever so slightly. He was deeply aroused by her touch, her taste, her warmth.
“I shave for you,” she said softly.
Bob was not sure what to say, thank you? Wasn’t necessary? At a loss he simply pulled up and kissed her again, passionately, as she pulled his tongue into her mouth and bit down on it. He then caressed her with his hand from her shoulder down her narrow torso and to her panties. He slipped his hand over her hip and the panties were down to her knees.
He kissed her neck again, then her breasts and her stomach. And then, he was surprised. Bob had not been with a woman since Julie, when their marriage was falling apart. But there are some things you just don’t forget, and that is what puzzled Bob. Sabrina seemed to be fastidious about her hygiene, sometimes showering twice a day, always moisturizing her skin, always washing her hands, always with a pump dispenser of sanitizer nearby. But he was nonetheless very surprised. He found that Sabrina had absolutely no scent. It was as if he had just buried his face in her freshly scrubbed hands.
Bob awoke the next morning quite satisfied, even though he knew that the night before had been bought, and not earned by either his charm or good looks.  But it had been so long, and she had been so wonderful, he had ignored that aspect of their love-making in the pitch blackness of the room, even as she grew increasingly motionless and limpid during their passion. She’d had a long day he figured, and he was such a good lover that he just plain wore her out.  He glanced over at her, wondering how he could fit her in his suitcase, and sneak her back to California when he went home. He admired her smooth, porcelain-like skin, and the curious look on her face. She had been so compliant the night before, he wondered if she was ready for another round, he knew he was, and besides, this would only last for a few more short days.
He touched her arm, it was curiously cold, but then it had been outside the covers all night. It also felt a little rigid, and unyielding. He touched his hand to her cheek, also unnaturally cold. She did not react at all to his touch. He became somewhat alarmed, was she okay? He shook her shoulder, still not getting any reaction. He scrambled backwards across the bed, falling to the floor. He quickly stood up and ran around to the other side of the bed. He looked down on her face. She was, unmistakably, dead.

CHAPTER ELEVEN
The detective from the Tokyo police department was rattling off orders to the assembled officers as Bob sat, dazed, dressed only in a hotel robe, on the sofa, not understanding a word.  The detective spoke surprisingly good English. “Mr. Jones, how do you happen to know Ms. Sabrina, you do not know her surname?”
“No I don’t. It was arranged, an escort service. She was to be my guide while I was here in Tokyo, on legitimate business. I work for the California SwiftRail Authority, I have been visiting with officials of the Shinkansen, trying to learn from your successes, and your failures.”
The detective looked at the uneaten sushi on the plates in front of Bob and pointed to the sliced pufferfish still sitting in the center of Sabrina’s plate. “Fuku!” he shouted to the latex-gloved technician standing with plastic zip lock bags in his hands. The detective, being from the Shimonoseki region, used the local dialect and pronunciation for the pufferfish, and it sounded an awful lot like “fuck you” to Bob as he barked his orders to the technician.
“What was that all about?” Bob asked.
“Where did this sushi come from? Room service?”
“No, Sabrina arranged it for us, it was delivered late last night by someone outside the hotel, she said where, but I can’t remember the name. But what of it?”
“See that sushi in the middle? That is fuku, pufferfish. If not prepared properly it can be very poisonous. Accidentally it is rare that it would kill someone, but if done properly, which is to say improperly and with avarice on the mind, then it can be very deadly. The body in there, it looks very much like death from nervous system paralysis, that is how fuku toxin works.”
Bob was about to tell the detective about the switch, and how Sabrina was the only one to actually eat the pufferfish, when he suddenly realized that it may have been intended for him. That he was the one who should be lying prone, rigid and cold in the other room.
“You know much anything about Sabrina? Anybody might want her killed?” The detective continued with his questioning, questioning that was quickly starting to sound like an interrogation.
“Murder? I dunno about how things work here, but should I be contacting my embassy, or a lawyer, or at least my employer back in California, see how these things are handled over her?”
“Don’t worry, you are not under suspicion, yet. Just please answer questions.”
“No, I don’t know the first thing about her.  It was all arranged by my firm back in California. She was to be my guide and interpreter, don’t even think that it was supposed to be an escort, perhaps that just happened.”
The detective smirked. “Ok, you just handsome guy, all the ladies fall over you. Of course that was arranged too. This is Japan, Tokyo, Ginza. I’m not seeing anything I haven’t seen before. I should just close the book, another dead prostitute. But that’s not my job.  How much longer you supposed to be in Tokyo?”
“Five more days, but I would like to leave this afternoon, first plane out, if I can.”
“No, that won’t happen.” The detective barked another order at the technician who had the fugu sample in the plastic bag, and promptly left the room clutching the bag. “I will know about the fuku shortly, how much fuku was on the plates?”
“There was one more, I refused to eat it, so she ate it herself.”
A gurney was wheeled into the bedroom and the police officers proceeded to move Sabrina’s body onto the gurney, zipped up the body bag in which they had placed her, and wheeled her out of the room.
“Can I shower? I really need to take a shower,” Bob asked the detective.
“This is a crime scene, we will get you another room, you will be escorted there to shower and then be brought to the station, get your stuff.”  The detective motioned to another officer to assist Bob.

• • •

The main Tokyo police station was an imposing structure, there were masses of people, but it was orderly, strangely in order, not at all what Bob would have expected back in a large American city. Sitting at a desk, awaiting an interpreter, he turned to the officer who was watching him intently. “Do I get a phone call? Contact my embassy? Anything, or just sit here and wait?” he asked.
“Sit and wait, few more minutes,” the officer could speak very little English, and Bob looked around for the officer who had questioned him at the hotel. He continued his wait, eyeing his cell phone, passport, and the black SuperBall Greg had given him, sitting on the desk.
Presently another officer came by and took a seat next to Bob. “Toxicology reports indicate that it was the fugu that killed the woman you were with. We do not care what you were doing with her in your room. If we determine that the poisoning was accidental we can close the book and you can go. She was a slight build, barely forty-five kilograms, so it wouldn’t have taken much to kill her. But there was enough in one piece of sushi to kill you, what are you? Almost eighty kilograms?”
“Yes, I am. Don’t have the slightest idea who would want to kill me though.”
“That’s what we try and find out. You have already answered our questions, you are not a suspect in the death, but perhaps a suspected victim. We want you to stay at least through your planned departure date of five days from now. We will hold your passport, you can have your cell phone and other belongings back. You are free to go, I think the hotel will give you another room to stay in for the rest of your trip. Perhaps you should stay away from the women though.”
“All good advice. Can I get a ride back to the hotel?”
“They have taxis out front, you can take one of them. Thank you for your cooperation Mr. Jones. We will contact you daily, if you leave the hotel, call this number,” he handed Bob a card printed in English on one side, “and let us know where you are going, why, who with. You are being watched closely for now, I hope you understand that. It is because we also want to protect you, until we know if you are in danger, and until we see you on the airplane back home.”
“I understand, I’ll keep you informed, but otherwise I’m a free man?”
“Yes, you are.”
Bob left the police station, shaken. It was early afternoon, had only been about six hours since he found Sabrina’s dead body in bed next to himself. It had all happened so fast, but he knew who his first call would be to. Standing on the sidewalk outside the police headquarters, he called Greg.
“Bob! How’s Tokyo?” Greg asked.  
“Officer down,” Bob said.
“Trouble in Tokyo?” Greg asked. Bob told him what had happened, and that he had no idea what to do next.
“Don’t think anybody other than Tom could be behind this, do you?”
“Well, don’t think Julie hates me that much. But also don’t think I tipped my hand to Tom enough to warrant this either. So, possibly a case of mistaken identity?”
“Nah, it was no accident, and not mistaken identity, had to have been Tom.  He’s either very cautious and has no principles, or you’ve stumbled on something even bigger than we imagined.”
“We already knew it was big, it’s a flood of money that won’t stop for twenty years.”
“I know the money is big, I’m saying the corruption might be even bigger than we imagined.”
“My friend Bruce gave a figure, when all is said and done, of twenty-five billion being siphoned off one way or another.”
“That makes you very expendable, an annoyance, I’m afraid,” Greg said.
“Yeah, guess it does.”
“Let me call my mechanic, this is his specialty, gimme an hour, one of us will call you back. Glad you’re okay, but obviously still in danger. Head back to the hotel, ask them to put you under another name, okay? Sorry about Sabrina, if you ignore her dark side, sounds like a wonderful girl.”
“Hard to overlook that, her dark side, but sure, I wish it had turned out different.” Bob hung up the call and got into the back seat of a waiting cab. As they were approaching the hotel Bob remembered the chit for Sabrina’s car in the parking garage and asked the cabbie to stop at the garage. He paid and got out of the taxi. 
Once inside the garage he gave the chit to the attendant. Bob paced around the entrance as he heard an engine start somewhere back in the dark recesses of the ground floor, and then the squealing of tires on concrete that had been polished by years of tire tread running back and forth. It was a masterful job how they managed to squeeze so many cars, at a hundred dollars a day, into this space. The Lexus approached, missing the back ends of cars on either side by inches.  The attendant held the door open for Bob and gave a slight bow as Bob slid behind the wheel. He accepted a generous tip and shut the door for Bob.
Bob was not too terribly confused by the left hand driving in Tokyo, but had a few close calls as he drove away from the teeming Ginza district, looking for a place where he could comfortably pull over, away from the crowds, and go through the car, to see if there were any clues that could shed light on his predicament.  He drove and drove until the crush of metropolitan Tokyo started to give way to suburban Tokyo, finally finding, of all things, an IKEA store with a fairly large, and empty, parking lot. He pulled in and made for the furthest corner, parking the car and sitting for a moment, wondering what he would even be looking for.  
Bob started with the glove box where he found a number of papers. Some were printed in Hiragana, the pictogram style of writing; while others were in Romaji, the Romanized style of writing, allowing Bob to pronounce what he was reading, even if he still had no idea what he was reading. If Greg’s mechanic couldn’t read this himself, at least he would know who could translate them, in confidence. Under the one seat he found a matchbook with the name of the sushi restaurant Sabrina had mentioned to him last night, but he had been unable to remember. Someone there must’ve been in on what he was now sure was an attempt on his life.
He found a receipt for a full tank of gas, Bob converted it in his head to dollars, about one hundred and sixty. A bright red lipstick was under the floor mat, but there just didn’t seem to be much of use in his search for answers, unless the documents from the glovebox, when translated, could provide any more clues. He opened and looked in the trunk. Under the mat he found seventeen empty banknote bands, each bearing an imprint of “500,000 Yen”, the correct size to hold one hundred 5,000 yen notes. Apparently a good deal of money at times passed through Sabrina’s hands, or at least was transported in her car.
Bob loosened the wing nut holding down the spare tire and pulled up on the tire to see if there was anything underneath. He found eleven more  bands, and these still had the banknotes in them.  Bob pulled them out one by one and stacked them on top of each other to the side, not sure what to make of this small fortune, about sixty thousand dollars. He figured that Sabrina no longer had any need for the money, and he just might need it to secure his flight from the country, so he started stuffing them into his blazer pockets, then his pants pockets. 
It was possible that if Sabrina had associates and they found the car first, before the police, and discovered the money missing, they would be very angry with Bob. But how angrier would they need to be, to go after someone they had tried to kill once already? Someone who had, instead, deposed one of their own?
Bob’s cell phone rang again, it was Greg calling back. “Where are you now?”
“I’m actually sitting in Sabrina’s car right now, forgot I had the claim check to retrieve it from the parking garage. I’m in an IKEA parking lot on the outskirts of Tokyo, not sure what I should be looking for.”
“We’ll get to that in a minute. Given the way things went down, even though it was botched, it does sound like whoever is running the show over there is more than an amateur, maybe not a real pro, but dangerous enough. They probably are going to try and keep you in Tokyo until the they can do the job right, so we need to get you out of there.”
“They have my passport, the police, that is.”
“The people in Tokyo who are going to help you will get you another, that’s not a problem. Just going to take a little while to arrange. Did you look for a tail while you were driving away in Sabrina’s car?”
“No, not really, but I went to the garage straight from the police station, doubt they were on me yet.”
“Okay, but look around you right now, for anything suspicious. After you take anything from the car leave it where it’s at and take public transport back to the Ginza, okay?”
“Yeah, sure.”
“I’m not sure yet who or when you’ll get a call from my people in Tokyo, but it’ll be a while to get things set up.”
“Okay, Greg, we’ll talk again soon.”
“Remember, sit tight, wait for the call, this is what they do.”
With plenty of cash in his pockets, and suddenly very tired, Bob dispensed with the idea of taking trains and busses back to his hotel and hailed the first cab he saw. It ended up costing thirteen thousand yen, but he could care less, it wasn’t even his money, never had been his money since he left San Francisco. First it was taxpayers’ slush fund money, now it was stolen Tokyo gang money. He had the cabbie stop a block away, paid the fare and a generous tip, and started down the sidewalk when his cell phone rang, it was Greg again.
“Have you checked in with Bates yet?  Even though he knows exactly what ‘s going on already,” Greg said.
“Not yet, thinking of just sending him an e-mail, because I really don’t know what to say to him.”
“Better make it a call, see what he says. Just tell him, your escort died in your room after eating bad sushi. Need to maintain your wide-eyed innocence.”
“You’re right, I’ll do that soon as I get up to my room, can see the hotel from here. Found some papers in the car, no idea what they are though.”
“Go ahead and take pictures of the papers, then text them to (916) 445-2841, I’ll have someone on this end translate them, see if they are useful. Otherwise, just stay put and wait for the contact.”
As Bob neared the hotel he spied a branch of the Bank of Tokyo across the street. He’d stop in and convert some of the bills into dollars, figuring it would be much easier than trying to carry the banknotes out of Japan, and the eleven stacks together were nearly seven inches thick. Hopefully the Bank of Tokyo had a good supply of hundred dollar bills, and he could cut the bulk of his stash in half.
Before entering the bank he removed the band from one stack and fanned the bills, noting they were not consecutively numbered, and some were worn more than others, so they did not appear to have fallen off the back of the truck as they were leaving the Bank of Japan’s printing presses. He approached a teller and pushed the stack forward, asking “can I exchange these notes for dollars please?”
“Yessir,” the teller responded in decent English. The teller pulled a bill from the middle of the stack and examined it, drawing a marking pen across the bill, just as Bob was accustomed to seeing it done at almost every cash register back in the US. Bob started getting nervous as the teller continued to examine the bill. It had not dawned on Bob, until now, that perhaps these were counterfeit bills, and he had stumbled on a very different operation than he imagined.
“Wait here a minute please, sir,” the teller asked in a much more formal tone than the greeting he had offered Bob thirty seconds earlier. The teller took the stack of bills, locked his cash drawer, withdrew the key, and walked over to a desk set against the back wall. Bob knew he was in a fix now, and he looked about himself. There was a guard standing by the door to the bank. Bob could only see him from the side and he was wearing a thick black leather belt. Bob did not know if the other side held a nightstick or a holstered sidearm.
The teller was still deep in conversation with the manager, slowly rocking back and forth on his feet. Each time he rocked Bob got a view of the man at the desk. The man picked up his telephone and pushed a single button on the phone, lifting the receiver to his ear. A single digit speed dial, could only be to the police Bob realized. He looked again towards the entrance, the guard would, at the slightest notice, stop Bob cold. Twenty feet behind the guard there was a massive mobile hanging from the ceiling, looking more like a huge wind chime than art. It was composed of hundreds of thin, shiny metal plates. Had it been in the wind it would have created a deafening noise.
Bob squeezed the SuperBall in his pocket, pulling it out and glancing back over towards the teller. He had stopped rocking on his feet and was obscuring the manager’s view of the lobby. Bob threw the ball fifteen feet, halfway towards the mobile. It took a single bounce and crashed into the center of the display, creating the deafening din he had imagined. The guard quickly turned around and briskly walked away from the door. The manager and teller looked over towards the mobile. Bob made for the bank’s front door.
As soon as he was outside he began walking at a fast pace, fast enough to get out of there, but not so fast as to be seen running from a bank.  Five doors down he looked behind himself, and not seeing the teller or manager in pursuit, he ducked into a small sashimi shop. 
The diner was narrow and deep with perhaps twenty tables, mostly set for two or four people. It was nearly empty, too late for the lunch crowd, and too early for the dinner crowd. A pretty woman greeted him at the door, there was a man standing at the cash register, but he had his back turned to Bob as he fidgeted with something on a shelf behind the counter. Bob chose a dimly lit table towards the back, and sat with his back to the front door, facing the wall. As he was studying the menu he saw flashing lights out front reflected in the glass of a cheap print hanging on the wall. He turned his head and peered over his shoulder, a police car had came to a sudden stop at the curb. Two uniformed officers got out and ran in the direction of the bank he had just left.
Bob realized his impudence had greatly complicated an already dire situation. Whereas before he would try and get out of the country ahead of schedule, he now had to escape Japan, fleeing not as a protected person, but as a fugitive who had just tried to launder counterfeit money. It was about as serious a crime as you could commit short of murder. And Greg and his mechanic would be none too happy that he had added this complication, despite the warning he had been given, to do nothing but sit in his hotel room, draw the wagons in a circle, and wait until the cavalry arrived.
Bob assessed his situation. His face had been picked up by the cameras in the bank, how quickly would the police put two and two together, and realize that the supposed innocent party in a fatal poisoning was, eight hours later, attempting to pass counterfeit bills? Maybe he was now a suspect for the worst of crimes, not just counterfeiting, but murder as well.  Would his face be flashed on every monitor in every squad car throughout Tokyo? They knew his credit card numbers, he could not use them, he had very little cash on him, except of course, for five million yen in counterfeit bills. He put his head in his hands and moaned. He most definitely had a problem, one that was growing by the minute. A problem that would, perhaps, cause Greg to wash his hands of him, and have his mechanic get on the plane to San Francisco, alone.
• • •

It was midnight back in Walnut Creek. Tom, who was sitting on his sofa in his boxer shorts reading his kindle, noticed that his personal cell phone battery had died. He plugged in the charger and the phone buzzed, indicating a message had been received. He retrieved a brief, unsettling voicemail from Sam telling him the Tokyo Roll did not go as planned, and to make matters worse, the organization he worked with in Japan had just lost a key team member while in Bob’s company. 
“Sam! What the fuck happened?” Tom was livid, screaming into the phone. The friendliness that had been a part of their dialog was gone. 
“Tom, I’m not sure, but don’t worry, we haven’t given up yet, we’ll try again.” Sam tried reassuring Tom, also noting that the friendliness borne of years of successful  co-ventures had evaporated in one failed assignment.
“Sam, this is bad, real bad. Tell me everything, what happened and what we, no, you do next.”
Sam proceeded to give Tom an unvarnished version of events. How they struck on a clever plan, but something went wrong. “And the police have Mr. Jones in sort of a protective custody, they aren’t sure if it was an accidental death for the escort or if Jones was the intended target. But the custody is pretty informal, he’s allowed to go back to his hotel unattended, so we should have another chance,” Sam finished.
“Where’s Bob now?”
“We don’t know.”
“What do you mean you don’t know, aren’t you at least tailing him?”
“Yes they were, but somehow he managed to get the escort’s car and they weren’t expecting that, so they did not have a vehicle to give chase in.”
“Well he’s bound to go back to the hotel, so are they watching that?”
“Yes, they are. They also have someone on the inside at the Tokyo police department, so we’ll be getting updates from there as well.”
“Well, for God’s sake, finish this job, and make damn sure that it has every appearance of being a local disturbance. Nothing, I mean nothing, better get back over here, you understand?” 
“Yes, I understand perfectly well.”
“You understand that if anything happens that reaches to me, if I go down, you most surely go down with me. You understand that?”
“Yes, I do.”
“Good. I want frequent updates, and don’t try and hide anything from me. Good news I want to hear, bad news I better hear direct from you, and I had better be the first to hear it.”
“Okay, I’ll call you when I know more.”
“Bye.” Tom slammed the phone down on the sofa, muttering, “petty fucking hustler.”

CHAPTER TWELVE
Bob sat and waited, knowing that it was perhaps best to move on, but not wanting to show his face in public. He could call Greg, or simply wait for the Tokyo contact to reach him, as Greg had promised they would. His phone rang, “This is Bob,” he said.
“This is Mamoru, you Greg’s friend?” the caller asked.
“Yeah, I’m the one, but I have to tell you, I’ve already complicated things greatly.”
“Yes, we know that. We have someone inside the police department, there is a bulletin out for you now, trying to pass counterfeit currency and possible homicide suspect. Not making things any easier for us to help you.”
“I’m sorry?” Bob didn’t intend it come out as a question, but he was sure that’s how it was heard.
“Apologize to Greg, he’s the one paying the bill.”
“How much is this costing?”
“Not an important detail right now, and when you have time you need to ask Greg. He’s our client, you’re just a package he’s paying us to deliver.”
“Alright. What do I do now?”
“Where are you?”
“I’m holed up in a small restaurant about five doors down from the Bank of Tokyo, across from the hotel.”
“What’s the name?”
Bob looked at the name on his menu, “Takumi Sashimi House.”
“Okay, a woman will come in, her name is Hiroka, and join you shortly, she will have further instructions, and, Bob . . .”
“Yes?”
“She’s not an escort, okay?”
“Okay, my best behavior,” Bob said solemnly.
As he was told, about twenty minutes later a woman entered the restaurant, looked around, spied Bob and walked back to his table. She was of average height for a Japanese woman, but a little on the heavyset side, at least for what he had been seeing in Japan. Her features were plain and she wore no makeup. She looked very much like she meant business. She smiled and sat down. “Bob? I am Hiroka.”
“Yes, Bob Jones, pleased to make your acquaintance,” he extended his hand and they shook.
“Here is a makeup kit,” she said, handing him a small shoulder bag. “Think you can figure out how to use what’s in here? There is an electric razor, cut your sideburns up to the top of the ear, and put some of the bronze on your face, neck, ears and hands, not much else skin showing, but it will make you a few shades darker, you are very pale. Go to the bathroom back there,” she said, pointing to the rear of the restaurant.
Bob went around back, and returned in ten minutes looking quite different. Nobody else in the restaurant seemed to take notice.  Hiroka nodded her head approvingly. “We will get you out of here and over to the Shinkansen station, take the train to Kyoto. In Kyoto we will have an artist change you completely, take your picture, make a US passport for you and get you on a flight to Hong Kong. From there you will fly direct to San Francisco.”
“I guess that we need to leave everything behind in my hotel room?”
“Anything of great importance there?”
“Not that I can think of. But, and I know this sounds like the plot of a B movie,  I have the police and some Tokyo gang chasing after me.”
“That is why we are fleeing to Kyoto, they have Yakuza there too, but it is a different family and they do not issue bulletins all around the country, like the police do.”
“What is Yakuza?”
“It is the organized crime family in Japan. It is a big family, many tens of thousands of members, we need to be careful, we can be spotted anywhere.”
Bob nodded and they went up to the cash register. The same man who had had his back turned to Bob when first entering was tending the register. He was bent, with a weary aura about him, and looked to be aging far quicker than your typical Japanese man. Despite the heat in the restaurant he was wearing a heavy, long-sleeved sweater that ran halfway up his neck. He took Hiroka’s money with his left hand, Bob noticed he was missing his left pinky fingertip. Bob was standing close enough to Hiroka that he could sense her stiffen as the man made change and gave it to her. Hiroka quickly grabbed Bob’s hand and led him out of the restaurant, looking over her shoulder at the man. He was picking up the telephone.
“Quick, this way,” Hiroka said, a new urgency in her voice. “That man, he was Yakuza, demoted to running a legitimate business, but still serving as eyes and ears to the local boss. I think he identified you.”
The street was crowded and even though Bob was of average height for a Westerner, he stood above and out in the crowd of mostly Japanese pedestrians. Hiroka led him into another restaurant and they made for the rear, passing through the kitchen and out a back door into an alleyway.
“How do you know he was Yakuza, and that he made us?”
“He had his neck and arms fully covered, to hide his tattoo artwork, they do not display that in public. And his missing fingertip, that was done as punishment for an offense, perhaps many years ago. That is why he was retired to managing a small restaurant for the syndicate. He was demoted, that is the way they work. Over here, this way,” Hiroka was leading him in a desperate weave through back alley stalls as they moved further from the glistening city center to the poorer, madcap environs that serviced the glittering neon wonderland called the Ginza. Bob could sense that Hiroka was genuinely fearful of their predicament.
Over the background noise of vehicle engines, murmured conversations, and hawking vendors, Bob heard a loud voice yell out. Turning, he saw a man who had jumped on top of a stack of pallets pointing in their direction. The man was not alone, but how many were in his posse, Bob did not know. Hiroka, still grasping Bob’s hand, broke into a full run now. 
Bob guessed the gangsters were a good hundred feet behind them, at least ten seconds in this crowded alleyway. They turned down another alley, taking only two steps before Hiroka realized it was a dead end. She turned back and continued down the wider, main alley. Bob reached into his blazer pocket with one hand, maybe all those B movies had some useful lessons in them after all. He placed his thumb under the band and stripped it off one of the stacks of bills and threw the bills up in the air, shouting “tada kozeni!”  Five steps further on he looked back as the cloud of 5,000 yen notes was reaching the raised fingertips of the crowd on the street. Almost immediately the crowd doubled in size where they were reaching to the sky, and then scrambling on the ground for the bills they had not caught in mid-air. It seemed to slow down their pursuers some.
“I dunno if that was a dumb thing or not,” Bob said, panting. “It slowed them down, but they also know now that I have some of their counterfeit money.”
As they dodged left to avoid an obstacle in the alley Hiroka took a bad step, missing the curb and falling headlong to the ground. “Go, go, get to the train, take the express to Kyoto, call Mamoru, he’ll arrange for you to be picked up. Don’t worry about me, I’ll manage. Go!”
Bob did as he was told and continued to run as fast as his legs would carry him. He did not slow down until he just couldn’t run anymore, slowing to a quick walk, looking over his shoulder. It did not appear that anyone was following him any longer. Hopefully Hiroka was right, that she would be okay, and that falling into the clutches of the Yakuza did not spell doom for her.
Bob hailed another taxi cab and had the driver take him to the Shinkansen station. He was out of real money and could not use his credit card, as it would leave a trail, and perhaps the Yakuza as well as the police had insiders there. As he eyed the tariff board he saw that a one way ticket to Kyoto would run him thirteen thousand yen. Of all the moneychangers in this strip of Tokyo commerce the ticket booth at the station would have the most sophisticated means of detecting a counterfeit bill, so he stopped at several  shops and made minor purchases until he had accumulated enough bills in change to present real money for the purchase of his ticket.  The next train would be pulling out in fifteen minutes and he went to the platform to wait.  It was not until he was on the train, and it was pulling out of the station, that he called Mamoru.
“Mamoru, this is Bob,” he said. “Things just got ugly. We were made in the restaurant, Hiroka said the guy at the register was Yakuza, and that they are after me as well. We ran down back alleys, and then Hiroka tripped and could not get up, she told me to keep running, to get on the train to Kyoto.”
“You had to leave Hiroka behind?”
“Yes, she twisted her ankle, she insisted I continue on alone.”
“It’s probably okay. She has a panic pager that she activated at the beginning of the pursuit, her people will be there to help her, and will force a stand down with the Yakuza. What else?”
“Well, I don’t know if I panicked or did the right thing, but when the Yakuza were almost caught up to us, I threw a handful of the counterfeit bills in the air, the commotion it created, it did slow them down, but our pursuers probably picked up a few of the bills.”
“That only confirmed what they already knew. Stay on the train until Kyoto, I’ll have someone meet you there again. And Bob . . .”
“What this time?”
“The Shinkansen, it’s a very comfortable train. Just take a nap, okay? See if you can stay out of trouble.”
“Alright. Okay if I call Greg from this phone?”
“Don’t need to, I talk to him regularly, I’ll fill him in.”
“Okay. Say, Mamoru, you have no accent, you American or Japanese?”
“You don’t need to know. Just use your energy trying to help us get you out of the country, that’s all you need to concern yourself with. Just, please, do as I ask you to do.”
“Okay.” 
The conductor stopped at Bob’s seat. “You speak English?” Bob asked. The conductor shook his head.
Bob took his finger and jabbed it in his own chest. He then folded his hands together, putting them up against his cheek and tilting his head sideways. Pointing his finger to the conductor Bob placed his left hand on his own shoulder and shook it, saying “Kyoto.”
The conductor seemed to understand that Bob was asking him to make sure he did not sleep through the stop at Kyoto, smiling and saying, “yes, Kyoto, you.” 
Bob smiled back, satisfied with his first game of charades in Japanese, saying “thank you,” closing his eyes, and drifting off as Mt Fuji appeared on the horizon, its snowcap glowing mysteriously as it reflected the red of a setting sun.
It was evening when the train pulled into the brightly lit Kyoto train station and the conductor dutifully shook him awake. Bob disembarked, studying every face around him, looking to see if they were paying any interest in him. Satisfied that only Mamoru and his people knew he was in Kyoto, he walked briskly into the waiting room, bought a copy of Singapore’s English-language The Straits Times newspaper with the few yen coins he had in his pocket, and took a seat. He would simply wait until he was approached.
Bob opened the paper and absently scanned the headlines, lifting his eyes to look about him every few seconds, not having enough time to read the stories. Until he came to a death notice. In Los Angeles, the day before, there had been a terrible auto accident that claimed the life of a renowned UCLA professor. The professor was originally from Taiwan, but had spent much of his career in Singapore developing innovative ways to harness technology to make for a better world, before being lured to UCLA. And now, Professor Chu Liang was dead. Bob felt a chill as a young man approached him.
“Bob Jones?” the young man asked.
“Yes.”
“I’m going out the side door there, follow me by about fifteen seconds, there is a car waiting for you.”
“Okay.” Bob looked around, he saw a single policeman, but he was more intent on trying to make time with a pretty lady at his side. After waiting fifteen seconds he followed the man outside where he was ushered into the backseat of a waiting car. It was an older car, and in the moonlight he could see that the exterior was faded and the fabric seats inside were well worn.
They drove to a small apartment building on the edge of town. The young man, who gave his name to Bob as Kichiro, parked his car in the basement garage and they walked over to an elevator. They took it to the seventh floor and entered a musty smelling apartment where another two were waiting to assist him.
Bob looked around the room and walked over to a dinette set in the kitchen. He reached into every pocket he had, each time pulling out a stack of one hundred 5,000 yen notes. “I guess I’d better get rid of these, been enough trouble already,” he said.
“Where did you get that?” Kichiro asked.
“Took them from the trunk of Sabrina’s car. Sabrina was the escort who died in my room and started this whole chain of events. I’m sure they’re counterfeit, I think they belong to the Yakuza. There’s almost five million yen here.”
The man who had been in the room when Bob arrived walked over and picked them up, examining the top bill. “Pretty good job, the counterfeiting,” he said. He was holding a small shoulder bag which he opened and stuffed the bills into. He tossed the bag onto the kitchen countertop.
“We don’t have any time to lose, we need to get you out of the country, the heat will just keep getting hotter the longer we wait,” Kichiro said.
One of the other two, a girl, motioned for Bob to get in a chair. She pulled a bag filled with hair cutting supplies out of a backpack she was holding. “Okay, not trying to make you pretty, just to look as different as possible, as you do now. Then Aki over there will put makeup on you, it is much more permanent than what Hiroka gave you, but will fade in a few weeks.”
“How is Hiroka, did she get away okay?” 
The girl looked over at Kichiro, who nodded his head. “Yes, she is okay, don’t worry. But she lost her purse, she already had the tickets for the Kyoto express, so they may know this is where you were headed.”
Aki was sitting at a desk turning the dial on a police scanner. “No word advising local police that you may be here any more than anywhere else in Japan, so the police don’t know. But we don’t know about the Yakuza.”
Bob, who had always worn his hair at a medium length said very little as the girl went about her work, having decided that a buzz cut would in fact alter his appearance the most.  It look about ten minutes and she was done. 
“Okay, Aki, he’s yours now,” she said. Bob appreciated that they were, as a courtesy to him, talking almost exclusively in English. They were professionals, and had many talents, multi-linguism being among them. Bob knew this team was not coming cheap.
Aki was deft at what he did. He washed off the temporary bronze Hioroka had given Bob and applied the more permanent, darker shade, applying it in layers so that Bob all of sudden had cheekbones, something he’d never had before, and he kind of liked. His eyes and mouth also seemed to have grown quite a bit larger. He smiled appreciatively. Maybe this is what he had needed all along.
“Okay, go stand over by the wall,” Kichiro directed. He pulled out an older Polaroid-type camera and took several pictures of Bob. “We’ll have your new passport in just a little bit, Bob Jones.  But we need another name, what do you want to use?”
“Lemme see, how about . . . I know, call me Tom Bates.” Bob smiled, though he wondered if, once again, his mischief would lead to a problem down the road.
“Okay, Mr. Tom Bates, you are fifty-three years old and live in Tulsa Oklahoma. Study the passport, there is not that much you have to learn. While we wait we can have something to eat.” He looked at the girl, “Sora, whip up some soup,” he said.
While Sora prepared something to eat Aki went back to his scanning and Kichiro sat down at a desk, pulled out a US passport blank and began assembling a passport for Bob. Bob picked up his copy of The Straits Times that he had thrown on the coffee table, going back to the story about the professor, Chu. The police were unable to say why his car had suddenly veered off of Mulholland Drive and down the cliff, falling over two hundred feet into the canyon below. The professor was already dead when the emergency team finally got down to the scene of his wreck. Foul play, or at a minimum a hit and run, was suspected as shattered headlight glass from another vehicle was found up on the drive above.
Bob threw the paper down on the coffee table and walked over to the dinette when Sora announced that the miso was done, and that she had managed to whip together some omurice, a fried rice omelet.  
“Almost done with the passport, save some for me,” Kichiro said. 
When he had finished Kichiro exclaimed, “done! Better than what the passport department back in the US can do!” He came over to the table and sat down to a plate Sora had prepared for him. Aki did not join them, he remained glued to the scanner.
“Delicious,” Bob said, his mouth full of the spicy omelet.
“They know we are in Kyoto,” Aki said from his seat at the scanner. “The police and the Yakuza, they both know. We better move from this safe house soon, stay on the roads until the flight leaves for Hong Kong.”
“Do we have an option other than the Osaka airport?” Bob asked, trying to be helpful.
“Osaka is where they would assume we would try to fly from, I am looking at schedules for Nagoya Chubu Airport, it’s a little further, but might be easier to escape from there, less surveillance,” Kichiro, said, studying the screen of his laptop.
Aki stood, appearing alarmed and went over to the window, he drew back the curtain. “Shit,” he said, “outta here, now!”
“The clippings?” Sora asked, pointing to Bob’s shorn hair littering the floor.
“Too late, to the stairwell and the basement,” Aki said. All three of Bob’s mechanics checked the safeties on their shoulder-holstered automatics. “Let’s go, at least the passport is done, you take it, in case we get separated,” Kichiro said, handing the document to Bob. He then picked up his laptop and submerged it in the kitchen sink full of water, and took one last, sweeping look around the room.
They ran out the door, down the hallway and to the door leading to the stairwell. Despite the difference in their ages Bob was able to keep up with them as they cleared the landings, in six seconds each, and found themselves in the brightly lit basement garage in under a minute.  There were two of the Yakuza running down the ramp from outside. Aki dropped to one knee, pulled his automatic out of the holster and fired off a clip in their direction as they scattered between the parked cars. Kichiro, Sora and Bob ran to the Acura they had arrived in.
“I’ll keep cover and get away by myself, you three leave, now!” Aki shouted. He dropped the clip from his automatic and slipped another one into its place.
The three were by the car, Sora pushing Bob into the backseat, ordering him to keep his head down, while Kichiro started the engine and Sora climbed in the front seat. He threw the car in reverse, then forward, leaving a cloud of burnt rubber smoke as they tore in the wrong direction up the entrance ramp. There was another car entering. They were able to barely slide by each other, Kichiro losing his door’s rearview mirror in the process. At the top of the ramp Kichiro gunned the engine, his headlights still off, guiding himself by the infrequent streetlamps and moonlight.
Once Kichiro, Sora and Bob had exited the basement garage Aki stood up and walked out into the entrance lane by which the car had just left. The two Yakuza he had been shooting at came out from behind the cars they had used to shield themselves. Aki motioned with his hands and they signaled understanding and ran towards the entrance where a car was waiting for them.
Aki returned to the stairwell and ran back up to the seventh floor, re-entering the apartment they had left in such a hurry. He walked over to the kitchen countertop and retrieved the bag stuffed with counterfeit bills. Looking around, Aki grabbed the police scanner and left the room. A car waiting down on the street whisked him away into the moonlit Kyoto night.
Kichiro apparently knew the Kyoto neighborhood well as he was able to keep driving the deserted streets without lights, and without touching the brakes and giving off a telltale brake light beacon to the Yakuza in pursuit.  As they neared the expressway their trail was picked by by the Yakuza and they were again in close pursuit. Kichiro turned his headlights on and swerved to avoid the expressway onramp.
“We are no match for them on the expressway,” he said. “We must lose them first, then get on the expressway.”
“That won’t be easy,” Bob said. “I saw their car, I think they have the bragging rights on you. Why you drive this old car anyway, seems you must be used to fleeing, or chasing, given your line of work.”
“Hang on,” was all Kiricho said as they passed from a residential neighborhood into the industrial part of Kyoto. They were crossing a large expanse of empty tarmac, a parking lot that would be full of cars when the morning shift began in just a few hours. Bob could see they were rapidly approaching an alleyway between two ancient brick industrial buildings, it was a narrow alleyway. Their only other way out of the parking lot was now blocked by the Yakuza in pursuit.
“Kichiro, how wide is that alley?” Bob asked.
“One hundred and eighty-three centimeters,” he replied. Kichiro motioned to Sora who understood his intentions, rolling down her window and swiveling in the rearview mirror on her side so it was flush with the car.
“That’s a pretty precise estimate.”
They went into the alleyway, with nothing to spare on either side. Bob turned his head and looked behind as the Yakuza also entered the alleyway. He saw a shower of sparks shooting five feet into the air on either side of the brand new, shiny Lexus the Yakuza were in, and the headlights falling further behind them.
They were through the alleyway and headed for the guardhouse and exit out of the complex. “My car is only one hundred and eighty centimeters wide. That is why I drive a 2003 Acura TL, one of the narrowest sedans you can buy,” Kichiro chuckled. “I have wanted to do that since I have owned this car.”
“You can probably only do that once, they know now.”
“They cannot back up or go forward, can’t even open their doors. They’ll have to climb out the trunk, if they can get it open. Let’s get on the expressway and to Narita Airport.”
With the Yakuza stuck, wondering how to explain this one to their boss, Kichiro headed back to the onramp and they disappeared into the moderately heavy traffic of the expressway. Bob leaned forward between the front seats.
“What now?” Bob asked.
“Sora, check for flights out of Narita, to Hong Kong, or anywhere out of Japan,” Kichiro instructed.
“Narita?”
“Yes, that’s probably the last place they would expect to look for us, the police may have personnel stationed there, but the Yakuza don’t have the resources to station kobun at every airport, I am sure they will be at Osaka and Nagoya. There are also more westerners at Narita, so he will not stand out as much,” Kichiro said, then he raised both hands from the steering wheel and pounded them down.
“What is it Kichiro?” Sora asked.
“I left the clippings from the passport on the table, it has the name and a picture on it. Quick, call Aki and see what he is doing, if he can go back and retrieve them.”
Sora dialed a number and waited. “Aki, its Sora, you need to get back to the apartment and retrieve the clippings from the passport, Kichiro left them on the table.” There was a pause as she listened. “Okay, Aki, good job.”
“What did he say?” Kichiro asked.
“He has already been back up to the apartment and took care of that.”
“Glad Aki is on our side, he is good,” Kichiro said.
Sora turned on the radio in the car, it was not the stock radio that came with an Acura, this one was also a scanner and she had it tuned to the police frequency. Sora and Kichiro listened as the bulletins came over the radio waves. They heard a repeat of an earlier bulletin, that Bob was wanted and at an unknown location in Japan, but there was no update saying he was in Kyoto. Sora and Kichiro looked at each other.
“Keep listening, it’s a three hour drive to Narita, we’re bound to hear something, unless it’s only the Yakuza who knew where we were,” Kichiro said
“But they could not have known about our safe house, without a tipoff.”
“That’s true, something’s not right,” Kichiro said.
“Perhaps there is someone in the police department who is a triple agent   . . . works for the police, the Yakuza and Ichirou-san.”
“I know who the police are, and I know who the Yakuza are, now, but who is Ichirou-san?” Bob asked.
“He is our boss, that’s all you need to know,” Sora said. “Kichiro, there is a Singapore Air flight from Narita to Hong Kong in three hours, can we get through passport and security in time to make that?”
“No, we need to stop at Seibu, get him a suitcase and some clothes, it will be suspicious if he boards the plane without luggage, when is the next flight?”
Sora tapped a few keys on her phone, “an hour later, also to Hong Kong, on ANA.”
“Okay, make a reservation for Mr. Tom Bates on that one. Tom, give Sora the passport she will need the address in Oklahoma. Do you have a personal credit card on you? They will be monitoring your corporate card.”
“Yes, I do,” Tom said, handing the passport to Sora.
“Okay, you will make your own arrangements when you get to Hong Kong, for passage back to San Francisco, we are done with you when you get on the airplane at Narita.”
“How about when the airplane is in the air, then you can go home.”
“Okay, fair enough. Sora, give him two thousand in dollars too, just for safety.”
“Okay Kichiro.”
Sora’s cell phone rang again, she answered it. Kichiro and Bob could only hear her half of the conversation. “Yes Aki, of course . . . Terminal D? OK . . . Let me check the reservation.”
Kichiro grabbed hold of Sora’s shoulder and shook it vigorously. She looked at him as he drew a finger across his throat. “Aki? Are you there? Aki I cannot hear you, I seem to have lost my signal, I cannot hear you,” Sora looked at Kichiro, puzzled, as she pressed the disconnect button on her phone.
“What is it Kichiro?”
“Aki still thinks we are going to Nagoya Airport. Nagoya doesn’t have a D Terminal. Only Narita has more than three terminals. He must know, somehow, that we are going to Narita. That makes me suspicious,” Kichiro said.
“How could he know?”
“The Yakuza, perhaps they can track the ETC toll records when we entered the expressway, they knew we were going north and not south. And that would mean Aki is the mole,” Kichiro said.
“Then they will also know when we get off the expressway.”
“Yes, we cannot take the expressway all the way to Narita. We need to get off at the Osaka exit.”
“It will take hours to get to Narita if we don’t take the expressway,” Sora warned.
“We can get off then get back on, but go through the cash line and get a ticket, then they won’t know, there will not be an electronic record that they can monitor.”
“Yes, we will do that. Make another reservation for Bob at Nagoya, and call Aki back and tell him that. Then use Bob’s phone to call Ichirou-san, tell him that Aki may be the mole.”
“If Aki is a mole, why did he help us to escape from the safe house? They could have finished us off there.”
“A mole in our organization is worth more to them than finishing the job on Bob, they needed to protect his identity.”
Sora went back to her phone and began ordering a ticket for Bob out of Nagoya Chubu airport. “Only flight I can see in next few hours is to Seoul,” she said.
“That is fine, make the reservation.”
As Sora was completing the transaction her phone rang again, it was Aki calling back. “Hi Aki, we are getting near Nagoya Airport, we have a reservation for Bob on ANA flight 3422 to Seoul, leaving in three hours.”
Sora listened as Aki confirmed the flight number and departure time over the phone. “Okay Aki, we will see you back in Kyoto soon. Bye.”
Bob handed Sora his phone and she called her boss, Ichirou-san. It was a short call and she looked at Kichiro when she was done. “Ichirou-san thinks that will only buy us time, that Narita is still where the Yakuza will be looking for us. He wants to arrange a decoy, he has a western man in the organization that fits Bob’s description. He will meet us at Narita and we will escort him through the terminal while Bob makes his own way through passport control and security.”
They were on the outskirts of Tokyo now and the large neon sign for the Seibu department store was visible. Kichiro pulled off the freeway and ordered Sora to go in and get a small suitcase as well as several full sets of undergarments, trousers and shirts. She returned promptly with the items. As they resumed their journey to Narita she sat in the front seat clipping off the price tags, passing the clothes to Bob in the back seat where he placed them in the open suitcase.
As they approached Narita, Kichiro slowed down and looked over his shoulder at Bob. “We will go to the domestic terminal and then walk over to the international terminal since they will have their men at the curb over there. The decoy will meet us at the domestic terminal. You get out and walk over to the international terminal by yourself while Sora and I go with the decoy.”
“I have the passport and my suitcase, all I need is that ticket.”
“Your bag is small enough to carry on, and you can get the ticket at the  self-serve kiosk, so you can stay in the shadows.” Kichiro parked the car at the loading curb and the three of them entered the cavernous terminal building. Everything looked in order as thousands of single-minded people, oblivious to the person walking next to them, went about their business of getting from point A to point B. The decoy spotted them and approached.
“Kichiro?” he asked.
“Yes, come, we will drive over to the international terminal.” Kichiro turned to Bob. “Bob, good luck. Don’t think or worry about us, just get through security and on your plane.”
“I will. Thank you so much for your help. You’ll never know my appreciation. But I’m afraid I’ll never be able to return to Japan to thank you properly.” 
“That’s okay, your patron is thanking us well. You must tell him thank you very much when you see him, this is the most expensive flight he’s ever paid for, I am sure.”
“Flight in more ways than one,” Bob said.
“That is correct. Now go.”
Watching as his three mechanics disappeared ahead of him, he lost himself in the crowd, headed for the international terminal.
It was a brisk half-jog, half-walk as Bob made his way down countless corridors and people-movers, through pneumatically controlled sliding glass doors, and into the line for the secure waiting area and passport control.
Bob looked about, scanning faces for a hundred feet around himself, looking for anyone paying him undue attention. 
Bob waited in the line to enter security for what seemed like an eternity. On the other side of the barrier he could hear some shouting and the sharp blast of a police whistle as he nervously counted the passengers between himself and the scanner. 
The shouting on the other side of the barrier grew more intense and the security guards began barking orders to one another. Confusion was overtaking the terminal. There was only one person ahead of him in the line. Several more security personnel, these heavily armed, appeared, seemingly out of nowhere. A shot was fired out in the lower lobby, down the escalator. The confusion was turning into a panic in the crowded terminal. Shouts were turning into screams, people were running in all directions. The line waiting to enter into the secured area began surging forward towards the vastly outnumbered security agents who nevertheless held their ground, not permitting entry.
Bob surveyed the scene. He saw a long, draped table that crossed over between the secured and non-secured areas. He bent over as if to tie his shoelace and quickly ducked under the draping that covered the table, scurrying along the floor on all fours to the other end. The table was being jostled in the panic to the point where it was nearly overturned. He pulled aside the draping and saw a mass of legs moving in all directions. Scooting out, he resumed his kneeling position, with his hands on his shoelace. A security agent turned and saw him, grabbing him by the shoulder and ushering him further into the secured area. Quickly complying Bob nodded his head vigorously, leaving the security transition area and entering the cleared area of the terminal, a band of security agents now standing between him and the panic in the outer terminal. Half running, his head turned back over his shoulder, he made for the gate and his waiting airplane.
He showed his ticket and was given permission to pass and get on the airplane, the last passenger before the gateway door was slammed shut and locked. Bob took his seat and asked the waitress for a double shot of whiskey. The plane took off and he was on his way to Hong Kong, looking out his window at the blaze of flashing red and orange lights of a small army of security vehicles gathered in front of the terminal, and then the shimmering lights of Tokyo, stretching to the horizon, the rest of the city oblivious to the panic at Narita Airport. Bob was not going to miss Tokyo, or Japan, and turned his thoughts to what he was going to do when he landed at San Francisco Airport.
Hong Kong was a breeze. The isolated and secured international terminal had ticketing windows, allowing him to purchase a ticket on an American airline direct to San Francisco leaving in just over an hour. In Hong Kong Bob was just another travelling American businessman. He did not care about the luggage, and when he landed he could just as easily say that it had been lost in transit, and to simply contact the Bates residence in Tulsa when it was found.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Back in Walnut Creek Tom sat quietly at home. It was a midday call from Sammy, his first update to the distress call nearly twelve hours earlier, that had focused his thoughts on the rapidly changing circumstances he now found himself in.  The news was already six hours old when he had gotten it, but it was the most current report that Sam could give him. Sam had told him about Bob’s attempt to exchange the counterfeit banknotes for dollars and that he now was being pursued by both the Yakuza as well as the police, for counterfeiting and possibly murder charges in the death of the escort Sabrina.  It was a remarkable turn of events, and it made Tom smile. Maybe all was not lost after all. Bob had made no attempt to contact him, another good development that confirmed Bob was running for his life.
Tom grabbed his cell phone off his sofa and looked at the touch screen. It was Sam again, hopefully with more good news. “Tom?”
“Yeah, Sammy, give me the good news. He better either be dead or locked up in jail.” 
“Afraid not. We’re not sure, but we think he may be boarding an airplane from Hong Kong to San Francisco. He apparently has some very capable people helping him. He escaped my people in the Yakuza and the Japanese police as well. They had an all points bulletin out on him throughout Japan. Several hundred thousand police and a hundred thousand gang members, all looking for him, many ready to shoot and then ask questions.”
“Oh fuck,” was all Tom said.
“What next?”
“Well, can’t hit him over here. You fucked up big time, Sammy. I won’t forget this, you’d better start thinking yourself. And I want my forty grand back. Today.”
“Of course Tom.  Give me time, I’ll think of something. It’s a fourteen hour flight, I’ll get something figured out.”
“Well, if he had that much help over in Japan, he’ll have help when he gets here, so expect that you’re dealing with someone much smarter than you when he gets here.”
“Working on it right now, don’t worry.”
Tom knotted his fingers together in a clasp and held the back of his head that way as he leaned back on his sofa. He closed his eyes. He was accustomed to mid-course corrections in his plans. But this was not a correction, or a shift. It was an earthquake, it changed everything. He knew he had to act, and quickly, and without the benefit of anyone else’s input. He had to make this decision alone, but with certainty, because once he changed direction, this time there would be no going back and, unlike Bob, he’d be all alone.
The hit on Bob had been botched, though Bob probably didn’t even realize that was what happened. Sammy had tried another hit, had tried to keep him over in Japan as long possible,  even tried to make it look like Bob was culpable, or at least remain on a suspect’s list, so that he would have a cloud hanging over him for a good long time, rob him of any credibility should he try and break the story of what was going on at the authority. If, in fact, that was Bob’s plan, or if Bob even had a plan at all. Tom just didn’t know. He felt he was groping in the dark. 
Tom reviewed his options in his mind. Much of the foundation for the ultimate irony had already been prepared; that, even though he had been hired on as the chief architect for the program, he could convincingly come across as an innocent, an unwitting dupe, who suddenly uncovered a terrible truth. He, Tom Bates, could become the whistleblower on the whole project, receive badly needed protection, and walk away with millions in rewards, his pension intact, maybe even a hefty severance. 
He was certain to make enemies, big, bad enemies, the type who played by the same rules he had been prepared to play by, had already played by.
Committed to his new course of action, he called Sam back. “Sammy, call everything off for now, don’t touch him, don’t look for him, do nothing. And my forty grand, put it in a lunch bag and kick it under my garage door, I’ll leave it open several inches until you do that. Don’t make me wait.”
“You sure you want to cancel, Tom? I can still do it, no problem.”
“If you’re thinking of giving me advice stop right there. I’ll call you if I ever need you again. Don’t wait up all night for that call.”

• • •

Sam was sweating profusely after he had taken his call from Tom. He no longer had the forty thousand dollar advance for the hit on Bob in Tokyo. He knew that Tom did not have his own team to come by and kneecap him or anything, as a warning to come up with the money, but he nevertheless was fearful. Tom had friends in high places. He felt he had no choice but to finish the job, and to do so shortly after Bob was back on American soil. He did not know yet how to do it, but that he would probably have to do it himself. He had received confirmation from the Yakuza that Bob had made it to Hong Kong and was on United flight 12546, due to arrive, on time, at San Francisco International Airport early the next morning, giving him little time to devise and implement a plan.

• • •

Bob’s flight from Hong Kong was uneventful, for which he was grateful. He had placed a call to Greg before leaving Hong Kong, but could only leave a voicemail. Bob assumed that he had simply vanished as far as the Tokyo police were concerned and that they would continue to search for him over there, while not concluding that they needed to notify the American authorities. He knew his life might still be in danger, but at least he was jumping from the fire back into the fry pan. When he landed he would rent a car and drive home to his condo in Walnut Creek. Back on American soil he would have the challenge of avoiding a confrontation with Tom, and completing his whistleblower case. But surely any attempts on his life would be over for the time being.
Bob slept fitfully in a long series of catnaps, but at last he was back in America where he breezed through customs and nobody questioned the legitimacy of his new passport. He walked out of the terminal, caught the bus to the rental car lots and was in a rental car getting ready to leave the airport when he called Greg again.
“It’s Bob.”
“You’ve had quite an adventure, haven’t you? I’m envious.”
“I’ll say so. I don’t know how I’ll ever repay-” 
Greg cut him off in mid-sentence. “We can discuss that later. I’m guessing that your life isn’t in imminent danger right now, Bates is too cunning to attempt anything here, but don’t accept an offer to visit the Beijing bullet train any time soon.”
“I’ve had enough of, well a long list of enoughs to last a lifetime. I have to go home and wash.”
“Do that, show up for work and then meet me at Bocci’s, say around five o’clock, okay? It’s a cat and mouse game now, you both know what the other is up to, but I’m guessing he isn’t ready for his end game yet either. So, as absurd as this sounds, the two of you will resume work like nothing happened, probably for the most part avoiding each other, but working out of the same building, passing each other in the hallways, like nothing happened.”
“Like nothing happened, that seems a little far-fetched.”
“Okay, not like nothing happened. But he hopes you don’t suspect he had anything to do with what happened. That it was a comedy of errors that started with some bad sushi and just kept getting worse. If you can get him to believe you know nothing about his involvement then we should be able to buy the time to finish our case and spring the trap.”
“Some comedy, what do they call that in Japan, kabuki?”
“Yes, translates roughly as bizarre theater.”
“You got it. See you in a little bit.”
Bob was on the freeway headed to San Francisco, the Bay Bridge and home. He did not notice he was being tailed by a sinister looking coupe with darkly tinted windows. Sam was in that car, staying just a few lengths behind Bob. His plan was amateurish, but he hadn’t been able to come up with anything better. He would simply shoot Bob through his open passenger side window while passing Bob, as they were speeding across the Bay Bridge. Nobody but Bob would see him pointing the gun through his darkly tinted windows. A wreck on the bridge always received top priority and would consume the police while Sam made his getaway.
As the freeway entered the San Francisco city limits the commuter lane opened up and a tired Bob moved his car to the left and sped up, he was now exceeding the speed limit by thirty miles an hour. He was exhausted and couldn’t get home soon enough, and didn’t know that this would save his life. Sam had fallen far enough behind that the Highway Patrolman did not see it was a chase and he had Sam clear in his sights. The patrolman pulled up behind Sam with his lights flashing. A resigned Sam gave up the chase and pulled over to the shoulder, stowing his 9 mm revolver under the seat.
Bob picked up his cell phone while thinking about Chu and wondering if his inquiries had put Chu in harm’s way, and if Tom was in some way culpable for the accident earlier in the week. Who else might be in danger, who else had Bob inadvertently pulled into this monstrous web? He dialed Irina’s number on his cell phone. The call was not answered, there was a message saying that her voicemail box was full, and to please try again later.

CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Bob opened the door to his condo, everything seemed to be in order. He wanted to collapse, but couldn’t get his mind to shut down, and knew that he had to get into the office, to assess his situation, perhaps bump into Tom, and then meet up with Greg.  He jumped in the shower, scrubbing furiously at the bronze on his face, neck and hands. The new haircut would seem strange enough, but a deep tan after five days of vacation, two days of which were spent on airplanes, might seem odd.  He managed to scrub off several gradations and appeared healthy, not overdone. He would miss the cheekbones, though.
Perhaps today would be a good day to walk to work, allow him to clear his mind, to plot, to prepare. He had no idea what he would find when he got to the office, he hadn’t talked to Tom once since leaving, and the e-mails stopped after Sabrina died and his life was turned upside down. It was hard to believe that was less than three days ago.
Bob walked into the offices at 1000 Monument nervously, unsure how he would handle himself, but certain he could avoid showing any suspicion that the events in Tokyo were anything but an unfortunate incident over some bad sushi.  He walked up to the security desk. Alex was no longer sitting there, as he had been for the past nine months. There was a new guard, his name tag said ‘Mike’. Mike was wearing a sidearm, something Bob had never seen on Alex .
“Can I help you?” Mike asked.
“I’m Bob Jones, I have an office upstairs. Guess you just started here while I was away on business.”
“Mr. Jones, of course, I’m sorry I didn’t recognize you. We’ve issued new badges, we’ve had some changes in security while you were gone. Still getting the kinks ironed out.” He handed Bob a new, more sophisticated looking name badge than what he had before.
“Thank you. Have you seen Mr. Bates in here yet today?”
“No, he’s out all day today. Part of the new security is to keep a log that’s tied in to our central system. Your office computer, your laptop, your smartphone, they’re all tied into it. You’ll need to keep us updated on your whereabouts and also your plans, a week out. I know that your plans will change, that’s okay, just as you find them changing let us know. I’ll send a link for the app to all your devices. On your desk you’ll find a list of the devices we know of, please check it to make sure it is correct and up to date.”
“Why the new, tougher security?” Bob asked.
“I do what I’m told, you’ll have to check elsewhere to find out your answers.”
“Ok, thanks Mike, I appreciate your help.” Bob wondered, as he climbed the staircase, where Mike’s loyalties were, and if he was going to be a problem as the end game approached.
Kiko smiled brightly as Bob approached the executive suite offices. “Hi Bob! Welcome home! But you’re days early, not having much fun in Tokyo? And a new haircut, and suntan! You were busy in Tokyo!”
Bob flashed a confused grin, didn’t anybody know what had happened in Tokyo? “Oh, ah, finished up early, they had an available seat, I was homesick, there’s so much to do here still,” his thoughts spilled out in a jumble.
“You have piles and piles of stuff on your desk, want me to send out for lunch, even though it’s late? Have you eaten yet?” she asked, still smiling, utterly confusing Bob.
“Yeah, you’d better. Get something for yourself as well, why don’t you. You can join me for lunch if you like.” Bob was still thinking about Sabrina, and though she had been no more to him now than a one-night stand, he couldn’t help but desire this carbon copy sitting before him. He’d have to think of a clever way to find out just how happy her marriage was. Tom was bedding wedded women all the time, maybe it wasn’t nearly as difficult as he imagined it to be.
The last thing Bob needed to do now was cloud his mind with thoughts of lust, he realized, but it was a powerful tonic, and he couldn’t concentrate on the work at hand. Today would be a good day to simply follow the instructions he had been given when he started his employment. The titles of the documents in front of him didn’t register in his mind, he just looked for the little blue tabs Carol stuck to the pages for him, indicating where to sign, having no idea what he was signing. It could have been his own arrest warrant for all he knew.
He wanted to finish early. Even though Tom was not due back today, he feared a change in plans. And even though he had his lines, and answers to any probable questions already in his head, he was suddenly unsure of every last word he had practiced, had discussed with Greg on his drive back to Walnut Creek from the San Francisco airport.
Every time he put his signature to an invoice he was spending millions. To the best of his knowledge the work was progressing as intended, he had set up enough schedules to carry the construction through a two week absence, and he had very able lieutenants in the field; some authority employees, but the vast majority employees of the Five Primes. And they knew better than anyone else what was going on, what needed to be done.
Bob was lost in a fog when Kiko walked in carrying a bag of food and a couple bottles of water. “Come over here, get away from that desk for a bit,” she said as she sat down on the sofa and laid out the food on the coffee table.  “I got you a chicken sub and some chips, here,” she said. Her short skirt was pulled up past her knees as she sat there.  
Bob walked over and sat next to her. “Thanks,” he said.
“Tell me all about Tokyo,” Kiko said. “Both my parents may be of Japanese heritage, but I have never been there myself. Our family has been over here so many generations that we have no family we know of to visit in Japan.”
“It is an amazing, bustling city,” Bob said. “I could’ve used some assistance though, maybe next time I’ll have to take you with me.”
“Would you, please? I’d love to do some traveling, I never get to go anywhere.”
Bob was astonished at how quickly and seriously she jumped at the offer, and it appeared to be in all sincerity. He wondered now if she was part of Tom’s team, if she would be the next to try and take him out. 
Kiko keenly sensed Bob’s paranoia, leaned back and looked at him. “What is it Bob? You seem awful nervous. You sure everything went okay in Tokyo?”
“Yes, yes, must be the jet lag. Just landed over here not more than five hours ago, drove myself home, and washed up before coming in. But, how is everything here?”
“Just peachy,” Kiko said. “Nothing unusual that I can tell. Tom’s been gone most of the time, but then he usually is. It’s been busy. Carol’s been putting in some overtime, staying late, she doesn’t usually do that, on account of Vince. But she said she has a new friend who is helping out, watching over him while she’s here working.”
Bob, against his better judgment, tried a question aimed at assessing Kiko’s personal life. “And what about you? How’s Billy? How’s your husband, Clark?”
“Billy is fine, he loves his day care, and loves to see me when I come home after work. Things are not great with Clark, though. He’s so preoccupied with his work, he doesn’t notice me anymore, never says two words, doesn’t have time for us. Very upsetting. Maybe it will change, I don’t know anymore.”
“I’m so sorry to hear that. You’re such a lovely lady, Clark is not too smart if he ignores you.”
As Kiko left the room Bob leaned back in his chair. What a week it had been. His eyes darted about the room, looking for any evidence of newly installed cameras or other surveillance devices. He assumed they were there, somewhere, and went about his work in a very routine way.
As the end of the workday was aproaching his cell phone rang, it was Greg. “Hi Bob.” 
Bob was caught off guard for a moment, his thoughts still on Kiko. “Oh, hi Greg, what’s up?”
“I need to get someone into your building to install a bug in Bates’ office, can you snap a picture of one of the air return registers in the executive suite, and count how many there are? Also, find out who the A/C service company is for me.”
“Sure will, we still meeting at Bocci’s?”
“Leaving SF now, some traffic, but should be there in an hour.”
“Okay, me too, maybe a little more, need to stop at the bank.”
“See ya soon.”
Bob snapped a picture of the register in his ceiling and went out to Kiko’s desk. “Kiko, I need to get the air conditioning serviced at my condo, and not happy with who I’ve been using, who do we use here? You have an invoice or something?”
“We don’t arrange that, the landlord does all that.”
“Oh.”
“But they were here just a couple days ago, he had a patch on his coveralls, it said Rubicon A/C.”
“Great, thanks Kiko, you’re a doll.”
Kiko smiled at Bob. “Thank you Bob. You want me to look up a number on the Internet?”
“That’s not necessary, thanks. I’m leaving, take care of some personal business, be back in tomorrow.” Bob wanted  to reassure her that everything was going to be fine, but knew that could be a tipoff, and he was still unsure what her knowledge and loyalties were, despite their deep talk over lunch.
“Okay, see you tomorrow,” Kiko said. Bob concluded that yes, her speech, her words, were much more open and friendly than he remembered from before. Almost inviting.
As he walked past the security desk in the lobby Mike looked up. “Leaving?”
“Yeah, I’ll be gone for the rest of the day.”
“Okay, I’ll update your log. Remember you need to log in from your smartphone when you plan on leaving the building, and also as you’re preparing to return,” Mike said.
“What?”
“Need to log in your movements, all of them.”
“Seems a bit excessive, do you want to know when I’m gonna go piss, too?” Bob was feeling tired and irritated.
“Only if it’s not here, your condo, or wherever you’re going, which is where, by the way?”
“This is getting strange. Just running errands, mostly along Monument. I’m walking.”
“Okay,” Mike smiled. “Just doin’ what I’m told by the guys that sign my paycheck.”
“Are you contracted here, or a direct employee of the authority?”
“It’s a blend. I get my pay from here, Mr. Bates is my boss, but I’m hired through a third party security firm that also employs me, handles my paperwork and stuff. But Bates is my only go-to. His orders are first and final.”
Bob noted that Mike already shared more with him than he should have, perhaps he would be someone he could turn down the road, if and as needed. Bob left the building and walked down Monument towards Bocci’s. He spied a Metro-pcs store across the street. He had known all along it was there, just oddly realized it for the first time now. He crossed the street and went in, leaving fifteen minutes later with a new phone and private number. A number that Mike and Tom Bates wouldn’t know about. He used up the last of his cash paying for the phone, he didn’t want the transaction showing up on his credit card account. 
At the credit union where he still had an account from his CalTrans days, and hadn’t touched since starting work, he withdrew the six thousand dollars in the account, in cash. All his credit cards and his checking account, at some point those numbers had crossed Bates’ desk, and Bob suspected that Tom could monitor any. He continued on to Bocci’s, the small Italian diner a block further down from Sam’s, where he was going to meet Greg for dinner, figuring he had covered all his bases, although it did not dawn on him that maybe he was being tailed by someone from Tom’s new security detail.
Bob saw Greg sitting in a booth, unexpectedly with another man, a tall, strapping, blond-haired, blue-eyed man, probably twenty years younger than either himself or Greg. Greg introduced them as Bob walked up to the booth.  “Bob, Nicholas, Nicholas, Bob,” he said. Bob and Nicholas shook hands and Bob sat down across from them.
“Sorry I didn’t tell you about Nicholas ahead of time. Wasn’t expecting to bring him along either, he’d been traveling and came back sooner than I expected. To look at him, you wouldn’t know he hasn’t slept in two days. He’s a machine, he really is, don’t know how he does it. In any case, he’s my mechanic, no job he can’t handle. You can thank him for getting you out of Tokyo.”
Bob’s eyes widened. “However you did that behind the scenes, with all the complications I added, I’m in debt to you. Thank you so much,” Bob said. Nicholas waved his hand as if to say ‘it was nothing.’
“So,” Greg continued, “I’ve added Nicholas here to our team. Actually, I did that some time ago, he’s up to speed on everything that’s going on. He’ll be our MacGyver.”
Over dinner for the next hour they traded notes. Bob filled them in on the new security that had descended over the offices of the Authority. Greg told them of his strategy, that he had been fine tuning, for a watertight whistleblower case. Nicholas sat and listened intently, saying nothing. During dinner Bob ignored his constantly ringing smartphone, until he heard a distinct ringtone, one he was not familiar with. He pulled the phone from his blazer pocket and looked at it. The locator app Mike told him to download earlier was inquiring as to his whereabouts.
After hearing what Bob had to say about the new locator program, Nicholas took the phone and examined it. “Need to hack into the phone and alter the locator program rather than eliminate it. Can’t download a replacement app over the air, they’ll have a record of that, I’ll have to hardwire it into the phone.  I’ll supply you with an add-on device that you can leave at any location you want them to believe you’re at when you aren’t, but still be able to maintain contact with Bates on this phone, to allay any suspicion,” Nicholas explained. “Are you suppose to be any particular place right now?”
The voice sounded vaguely familiar to Bob. “Mamoru?” he asked.
Nicholas smiled back.
“Just running errands up and down Monument Boulevard,” Bob said.
“Okay, close enough that whoever’s monitoring you won’t know.”
“Should I respond?”
“You can, just pull up the app and hit send, but not necessary, they know where you are anyway.”
“You drive a pool car?” Nicholas continued with his questioning.
“Yeah, a nice Charger.”
“I’m sure that’s been worked over too, when they found out you’d be coming back from Tokyo after all. Probably installed a kill switch, or simply put a transmitter on the controller chip. Bates can now kill the engine with a simple text from his phone. If he wants you to miss a meeting, or coast to a halt on the train tracks, or if you’re being pursued, or tailing someone. Get me the vehicle ID number for the car and I’ll get a duplicate smartkey and go over the car with a fine-tooth comb. Actually, get me the ID for Bates’ car too, I’ll fuck with his chip a little bit.” Nicholas broke out in a grin.
“How many registers did you count in the offices?” Nicholas asked, taking Bob’s phone and transferring the image to his.
“One each in Bates’, Carol’s, mine and the executive lobby. The name of the firm is Rubicon A/C.”
“Okay, I’m going to suit up in coveralls and come in there tomorrow to replace the filters, so I can get into Bates’ office and put a little cam on the backside of the picture frame covering up his wall safe. That way we can record the combination next time he opens it.”
“Oh, clever. Wait a minute, Kiko said the A/C company was just there, a few days ago.”
Nicholas thought a minute. “I’ll come right at 12:10, can you send Kiko out to get sandwiches at noon and distract the security guard? I’ll only need to be in there five minutes.”
“Okay, sounds good.”
“Also, have this for you,” Nicholas set down what looked like a cigar tube, though for a very large Cuban. “It’s a classified high tech metal detector. Has an uncanny ability to detect metal that doesn’t belong with its surroundings. It’ll ignore screws and nails in a piece of furniture, but pick up on anything else, precious metals, magnets, you name it. You can still get some useless readings, but it eliminates lots of noise. If you have a chance you can sweep down Bates’ office, even though I’m not sure what we might be looking for. Don’t lose this or show it off. The CIA desperately wants it back.”
Bob took the tube and placed it in the inside breast pocket of his jacket.
“Finally, next time you have a chance see what the sweep is on the monitor for the surveillance camera in your lobby, we’ll want to nudge the camera so that we have a blind spot along the wall to move about between offices.” 
“Okay, easy enough.”
“I’m gonna go check out the building where you work while you guys finish up.” Nicholas drank the last of his water, he hadn’t had anything to eat or drink besides that. He got up and left.
Greg turned to Bob. “Well, I guess the priority is to keep collecting records. I’ve reviewed what you’ve given me so far, it’s a case, but a weak case. It could take as little as a single document, a single little black book, to ice this. So we keep moving along, keep looking for clues, don’t dismiss anything as irrelevant without checking with me first, okay?”
“Nicholas, he seems quite the professional,” Bob said.
“He’s the best there is. I usually use him for legal investigations, but this is the stuff he really shines at, loves to do. He’s quite the renaissance man, too. He has the lifestyle, and the income to live exactly as he wants to. Collects fine art, even a world-class painter himself. Top degree, whatever number that is, black belt in judo, can shoot the wings off a fly at a hundred yards, studies everything.” 
“What a resume.”
“That’s his skill set. His resume is even better. Started out doing security and authentications for Sotheby’s, the fine art auction division. Then he thought he’d try his hand at counterfeiting the very paintings he was authenticating. He got caught doing that in Italy, but was able to buy his way out of that one, by bribing a judge with a perfect forgery of a Titian. That painting had been in the judge’s family for centuries, but because of its value was kept locked in a vault. The judge wanted to enjoy it, so he had Nicholas paint an exact replica to hang in his home. Nick learned his lesson, and while he still breaks the law on a regular basis, he does it for the right reasons now.”
“Glad he’s on our side.”
“Yup. He’s available when we need him, but you still have lots of heavy lifting to do, you know.”
“You got it,” Bob said. Greg insisted on paying the bill and they parted, Bob returning to work and Greg to Nicholas who was standing outside by his car, snapping pictures of Monument Boulevard, his escape route should anything go wrong during his operation.
Bob retrieved his Charger from the office parking lot and went straight home to his condo.  He remembered the bottle of valium he had found in Julie’s bedroom after she cleared her stuff out following the finalization of their divorce, and that he had left them in the vanity drawer. He went and took out the bottle. Her dosage was one pill, but he weighed sixty pounds more than her, and figured that two would do the trick. Within an hour he was sound asleep, and slept undisturbed for the next ten hours.
When he awoke and looked at the clock he sat up straight in bed, somewhat startled as everything started to come back, first as a dream, then quickly as reality. During his long, deep sleep he had dreamt wild dreams, but none of them involved developing his strategy for today. He would have to cobble that together as he shaved, and showered, and dressed.  
As lunchtime approached Bob walked up to Kiko’s desk just a few minutes before noon and asked her to go out and get some sandwiches for lunch. She held up a flyer, “no need Bob, look they deliver now, and a special discount for their service inauguration! What do you want?”
“Uhhm, who’s that?”
“Wretched Sam’s, where we always go for sandwiches.”
“Gosh, ya know, I’m tired of their sandwiches, would you mind going over to Subway, really wanted one of their Italian subs.”
Kiko shrugged her shoulders, “sure,” she said.
“Here’s twenty bucks, get yourself lunch too,” he handed the money to Kiko. She grabbed her bag and stood up. 
“Here, I’ll walk you to the door, I need to ask Mike, the security guy, something.” 
They walked down the stairs together and Kiko left the building while Bob went to the water fountain behind Mike’s desk, took a drink and came up to Mike from behind. He engaged him in conversation while watching the monitor that displayed activity in the executive lobby. The camera showed the entire carpeted floor of the lobby and ran about three feet up the walls.
“Mike, I seem to be having an issue with the front door keypad and my badge, can you take a look at it for me?”
“Sure, let me see it,” Mike responded.
Bob fumbled in his pocket. “Seems I left it in my office,” he said. “Can you come up and get it?”
“Sure, Mr. Jones.” Mike followed him up the stairs to his office. As they walked up the stairs Nicholas entered the front door dressed in a worker’s coveralls, passing a pair of indifferent authority engineers on their way to lunch, but unseen by Kiko or Mike. He ducked into the restroom and waited for Mike to pass on his way back downstairs with the badge. 
Bob took the badge he had left on his desk and handed it to Mike. “Thanks, I appreciate it.”
Bob returned to his office and waited. Nicholas showed up, looking very much the part of an A/C maintenance man. He walked into Bob’s office and closed the door behind himself. “What’s the sweep on the lobby security camera?” he asked.
“About three feet up the walls.”
“Okay, a seven degree nudge should fix that, allow you to hug the walls and remain unseen.”
 Nicholas went back into the executive lobby and set his step stool down under the camera and reached up to the camera, bending it on its pivot point exactly seven degrees. Bob heard Carol’s voice as she walked out of her office and into the lobby. His heart skipped a beat and he hurried to his door.
“Oh, hi, weren’t you guys here just the other day?” She asked of Nicholas.
“Oh, yeah . . . we were. Breaking in a new guy, seems he installed all the filters upside down, makes a big difference, too. We got a signal that the A/C motors were working too hard, which they do if the filters are in backwards, so I’m here to switch them out again. You have an air return in your office?” he asked Carol.
“Yes, I do, this way,” she led Nicholas into her office as Bob let out his held breath in relief. Bob walked into the reception area and made like he was examining some papers at Kiko’s desk, in case he had to run interference when Nicholas went into Tom’s office. As Nicholas left Carol’s office she started to follow him.
“Say Carol, you know I’m half Scot myself, and thought I knew my tartans, but I’m totally unfamiliar with that,” he said, pointing to her orange and green plaid dress.
She stopped and smiled, placing her hands on her hips. “Clan Cameron, it’s my family’s heirloom. What clan are you?” she asked.
“Menzies,” Bob replied.
“Ahhh, black and white.”
“Yes, exactly, but don’t own a stitch of it. Guess I should do something about that, show a little pride, perhaps.”
“Nothing wrong with that. Has your Scot side been over here long?”
“Since the mid-1800’s, six generations, long time, enough time to lose some of the pride I guess.”
“Yes, that happens. My parents came over here, so I’m first generation American.”
While Bob engaged Carol in conversation Nicholas was surveying Tom’s office. He made straight for the painting and swung it away from the wall,  then pulled out a small pocket drill and put a hole midway across the back of the frame and inserted the pin of the peephole camera securely in place. He swung the painting back against the wall, noticing something about the painting as he did so. Reaching in another pocket he pulled out a small flashlight the size of a “D” cell battery, unfolded a magnifying glass from the stock of the flashlight, and put it up to the corner of the painting. It shone a UV light over the canvas. 
He put the flashlight back in his pocket and pulled out his cell phone. He snapped a picture of the painting then swung it open again, snapping a picture of the hinge and bracket that held it to the wall. Finished with his work Nicholas stepped back into the lounge of the executive suite. “Job all done. Sorry to have inconvenienced you.”
“Oh no trouble at all,” Bob said. “Guess I had better get back to work. Any more papers for me today Carol?”
“No that’s it for today,” she replied.
Four minutes after arriving, Nicholas was on his way down the hallway. He ducked into the bathroom again, waiting for Mike to pass by on his way back up to Bob’s office to return the badge. After Mike walked by he was out of the bathroom, down the stairs and out of the building, his mission accomplished.
“Mr. Jones, you had a smudge on the reader strip, looked like mustard, it was interfering with the read ability. Keep it clean and you shouldn’t have any problems in the future,” Mike said, handing the badge back to Bob.
“Oh, sorry, that’s embarrassing. Had a hot dog for lunch just yesterday, guess that explains it. Very embarrassing. Thanks.”
“Not a problem,” Mike said, touching his finger to his forehead and leaving.
CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Nicholas returned home to his loft on the top floor of a trendy, reconditioned factory building in San Francisco’s Mission District. His was the only residence on the seventh and top floor, and a special combination was needed to access that floor. The foyer was bare except for a single, dull brown metal door with one inch rivets running around the entire perimeter, and a keypad on the wall. Nicholas entered a nine digit code and stood while the door made a hissing sound as pins on the three unhinged sides were retracted. The door swung open.
He walked in, still in his laborer’s coveralls, and sat down on his sofa. He sent a text to his friend Sylvia with whom he had plans for later that night: “S. Something came up. Tonite’s off, give me a few days. Will be in touch.”
Standing up from his sofa he walked over to the studio that blended in as part of the enormous, wall-less space that was his home. A few keystrokes on his computer keyboard brought up a comprehensive on-line catalog of contemporary American art. A few more keystrokes and an image of Richard Diebenkorn’s Lady in Repose appeared on the screen. Underneath the image were the statistics: Image size, 24” by 33.5”; last known sale, Alan Fluke, October 2002; Winning bid amount, there was a flashing button that said enter password.
Nicholas stretched a canvas over a frame that he cut to the size of the Diebenkorn. He placed the canvas on his easel and turned the lens on a small projector next to his computer, bringing up a full size image of Lady in Repose on a screen that was positioned side-by-side to his easel. A few more keystrokes to enter his password and the image was replaced with a high definition copy and the button next to the ‘Winning bid’ button stopped flashing, it now read searching database. Nicholas opened his paint chest and pulled a fresh palette from his desk. Nicholas began painting.

• • •

Bob was glad for the extra day he’d had before his first post-Tokyo confrontation with Tom. As he got up this morning, though, he knew it would be an awkward day as they said hello for the first time. Bob arrived at work early, wanting to be seated at his desk when Tom arrived.
It went as planned and Tom came in at nine o’clock, jovial and laughing at a remark he had just made to Kiko. “Bob! How the heck are you! I am so glad to see you, and in one piece too. That was some bad shit that went down in Tokyo.  I just got bits and pieces of it, better fill me in.”
“Sure, close the door though, will ya?” Bob said, standing behind his desk. Tom took a seat without offering his hand so Bob sat back down.  “It all started with some bad sushi, I mean really bad sushi, it accidentally killed Sabrina, my escort, who spent the night with me. On one hand I’m glad that was arranged, on the other, wish it had never happened.”
“But how did an accidental poisoning turn into such a clusterfuck?” Tom asked.
“Well, some poor judgment on my part. The police were very suspicious. They said that they didn’t think it was an accident, and that maybe someone was out to get me. Maybe a jealous boyfriend, or, who knows? I had no idea.”
“But they finally let you go?”
“Well, no, they wanted to keep me there indefinitely, so I guess I escaped from Japan without their permission, they had asked me to stay.”
Tom stood up. “Well, glad to have you back. Next time we’ll send you to Paris, maybe you can stay out of trouble there. I’ll be in and out all week. Things are heating up around here, we might be in line for another big stimulus shot from the feds. All the work we’ve done has paid off. They’re looking for shovel-ready projects again, and we have them by the boatload. So keep up the good work!”
“Okay, Tom, will do. You know where to find me, I’m not going anywhere anytime soon.”
Bob and Tom managed to avoid each other for the rest of day, deeply suspicious of each other and what they might be plotting next.  Bob conceded that Tom probably had the upper hand, and a mission that was in some respects simpler than his, to silence Bob through whatever means necessary. Bob felt he had the more difficult job, and that was to gather the overwhelming evidence Greg said was necessary to make his case, and not get laughed out of the Attorney General’s office.
Bob did not leave his office until shortly before five o’clock and had earlier advised Kiko he did not want to be disturbed under any circumstance. Kiko had her belongings on her desk, ready to leave for the day.
“Hi Bob, catch up on what you needed?” she asked as he walked out of his office.
“Pretty much, you do such a good job of keeping things in order while I'+m gone. Tom and Carol left yet?”
“Yes, they’re gone.”
“You going home yourself now?”
“I guess so. Not a happy home right now, except for my son, he’s my light.”
“You and Carol both, your sons are your treasures.”
“Yes, but even Carol has been working overtime. I’ve seen her spend more time here after hours in the last month than in all the months before.”
“It’s the ramp up. We might need to hire more people, to help us spend all this money,” Bob laughed.
“Yes, maybe. Have a good evening.”
“Thanks, Kiko, I will,” Bob said, waving over his shoulder.
Over the next two days Tom was in and out frequently all day long. He had visits from a couple of the Primes, and they always paid Bob the courtesy of sticking their head in his door and saying hi, though he was no longer being invited to join them for lunch, or dinner, or eighteen holes of golf.  As they had come and gone Tom would frequently stop by his office for just a few minutes, to put things in the wall safe, Bob hoped.  They had to have that combination so they could get the papers that were stored in there, hopefully they would seal the case and Bob could get this game of cat and mouse over with.

• • •

On the phone with Greg, it was decided that Friday night would be ideal. Tom was to be in the office all morning, then Alan Fluke was going to pick him up and he’d be gone until late in the evening. Bob would have his chance to get into the safe and clean it out.  
Bob knew exactly what he would say to Bill, the night watchman, when questioned as to why he was visiting the office late in the evening. As he walked in the front door he saw Bill was totally engrossed by something on a monitor on the credenza behind him, and his back was turned. Bob walked further into the lobby and changed his direction towards the carpeted staircase, Bill still had his back turned to him. He started up the stairs and was out of view while Bill was still looking away, thinking it odd he could get by him without his noticing, but grateful to avoid an interrogation.
With silent footsteps on the thick carpet he stole back to his office, hugging the wall, out of the surveillance camera’s reach. Bob sat in his office for ten minutes, mustering the courage to sneak into Tom’s office, hugging the wall as he made his way over there, taking advantage of the blind spot Nicholas had created earlier with a slight, seven degree nudge of the wall-mounted camera.
Once inside Tom’s darkened office, which was unlocked–only the front door keypad was functioning during the installation of the security upgrades–he waited for his eyes to grow accustomed to the dim lighting coming in the window from the parking lot lamppost. He studied the layout, his eye resting on the painting that he knew concealed Tom’s wall safe. He walked over and tugged at the right corner of the painting, pulling it away from the wall, turning it on its left-hand hinge.  
Bob pulled the camera from the frame, it looked just like a decorative brad holding the canvas in place. It looked much too simple and small to be able to record a video of Tom tapping out the combination on the safe’s keypad.  No larger round than the pinhole of his cell phone’s camera, the lens had a small prong that fit into one of his phone’s receptacles. Download? appeared on the touch screen, and Bob pressed yes.  He then went to replay the video. Damn, he thought. Though Tom was right handed he was using his left hand to key in the combination and his big mitt was obscuring the keypad, and he could not make out the combination.
He hurriedly sent a text to Nicholas, asking for his advice. Nicholas texted back to forward the video clip to him, he could figure it out by the arching of the fingers and movement of the hand tendons in the video. As Bob patiently waited for the video to send, and the text to come back, he took the cigar tube metal detector out of his pocket and walked over to Tom’s desk and swept the legs, then the front, waiting for the distinctive clack-clack tone that Nicholas had demonstrated earlier, but heard no such tone. Then he swept under the desktop and heard a very strong clack-clack. He reached under with his hand and with just a little effort pulled a small cigarette case sized black book from underneath. He put it in his pocket.
 His phone vibrated and he looked at his text from Nicholas, it read 45678 on one line, followed by Bates’ an idiot on the next. The same number,  45678, Bob noted, was also written in pencil on the canvas backing of the picture frame.
Bob thought a minute. The combination was so simple there was no need to worry about forgetting it, so it could not be a reminder Bates had made for himself. Bates wanted him to know the combination. Something wasn’t right, and Bob wondered if he should open the safe after all.
He tapped in the combination and the light on the keypad turned from red to green and he swung the door open. Bob’s jaw dropped down. All he could see was the edges of stacks and stacks of banknotes. He reached for one and pulled it out. The band said $10,000. He fanned the notes, they were all one hundred dollar bills. He slid one out and squinted at it in the dim light, mindful of his last experience with stacks of money. It looked and felt very real, very crisp. He knew his greed had nearly cost him everything just a few days ago. After stuffing the single bill in his pocket he ran his finger down the stacks estimating the number of bills in each column, guessing one hundred thousand per column, and there were four columns.
He pushed the column to the side, there was another behind it, eight hundred thousand dollars. Bob pushed the stack back into its original position and closed the safe door. He would not be tempted, at least not right at this minute. The safe reset itself, it was locked once again.
Concluding he had enough evidence for one night, with the little black book he had taken from the underside of the desk, he swung the painting back over the wall safe and stole along the wall, out of the camera’s view, and back to his office. He had just sat down when Bates looked in the door.
“Hi Bob, Bill didn’t say you were here, you must’ve snuck in while he wasn’t looking!” Tom seemed quite jovial tonight.
“He was rather preoccupied with something on the monitor behind his desk, so I didn’t bother him. Just getting ready to leave, you have a good night.”
“Just picking up a few things myself, see you on Monday,” Tom said, turning to leave as Bob stood.
Tom entered his office and Bob ducked into the executive bathroom for a minute. He was just getting ready to relieve himself when he heard the heavy, clumsy footsteps of Tom running by. He peered out the cracked door and could see Tom at the top of the steps shouting down to Bill, “is Jones down there? Stop him!”
There was a muffled shout back from Bill that Bob could not make out, and Tom went running down the steps. Bob ran back to his office. He’d had one window replaced with a casement early on in his tenure, he liked to be able to open it for the fresh breeze on a cool day. Opening that window and looking down he could see it was a good twelve foot drop, but there was a lush bush at the bottom. As Bill and Tom, shouting to each other, approached his office Bob jumped out the window.
He landed awkwardly, but the bush did break the fall and he was able to stand up and run towards the Pathfinder parked in the back lot, he still had the keys in his pocket. As he ran he looked over his shoulder and could see Tom gesturing out the window, then he disappeared. Bob started up the Pathfinder and gunned the engine, headed to the driveway around the building; Monument Boulevard was the only exit.
As he passed the building he saw Tom exiting the front door and the brake lights on the Charger flashing. Bob swung out into the traffic, making a dash towards the 680 freeway, two miles away. He kept an eye on the rearview mirror, looking for the Charger’s distinctive dual xenon headlights. He was halfway to the freeway when he spied them, rapidly gaining on him.
Bob beat Tom to the freeway onramp and ran onto the shoulder to pass some slower traffic. Tom followed suit, jumping the curb, but that did not slow him down or cripple the Charger. Traffic was heavy on 680 as they headed west, and that was helpful to Bob since he could never hope to match the open road speed of the Charger, but had the same ability to weave in and out of traffic, and managed to stay a good dozen cars ahead of Tom, gaining a few lengths here, losing a few there.
The six lane freeway would soon split, with four lanes headed south, and four towards the Caldecott Tunnel. Traffic would thin out when that happened, and Tom would easily start to gain on him.  Bob knew that there were a few spots where he could leave the freeway onto a grassy knoll where Tom could not follow him, but he had no idea what lay beyond the knoll, and if he could make it a getaway route. The he remembered that he could kill the engine in Bates’ Charger with a text from his Metro phone. He fished in his pocket for the phone as he approached the Caldecott, with Tom riding on his back bumper. It must’ve been that little black book, Bob thought, and Tom desperately wanted it back. 
Bob was approaching the cones that redirected the traffic in the middle bore of the multi-tunnel complex, depending on which direction was heaviest with commuters. The first and second bores had green lights, the third was red. Further back, behind Tom, he saw the flashing lights of several highway patrol vehicles, they had already joined the chase. He figured that inside the Caldecott Tunnel would be the best place to kill Tom’s engine, hopefully the confusion and lack of alternatives would keep the highway patrol tied up and unable to pursue him, leaving Tom as their sole collar. Keeping one eye on the cars he was weaving around he entered the text code for the engine kill. He swore as he hit the wrong key and had to backspace, erase the wrong digit and re-enter the correct number. He finally had it as he passed into the tunnel.
Several hundred yards ahead he spied a slow moving truck in his lane and a fast moving sedan to his left. He was moving faster though, and he pulled up alongside the sedan. There was a ten car length space between the sedan and the truck and Bob quickly ducked the Pathfinder into the space, expecting Tom, who was still riding his tail, no more than thirty feet behind him, to follow suit. Soon as Bob had made the lane change he hit the send button on his phone, knowing that the tunnel was fully wired for cell reception and that Tom’s engine would get the kill instruction almost immediately. It worked, and just as Tom was cutting off the sedan his engine went quiet, his Charger dropping rapidly in speed, directly in front of the sedan, which was not losing speed. 
The sedan slammed into the rear quarter panel of the Charger sending it spinning and into the back of the truck. Bob watched as a major pile-up of the sedan, truck and Tom’s Charger began to unfold in what seemed like slow motion. He could not see if any of the other cars following became involved, but could clearly see that the highway patrol were not going to get around the mess anytime soon. He also knew that the patrolmen had radios, and that an all points bulletin for his white Pathfinder was already being broadcast. As soon as he exited the tunnel he took the first off ramp and entered the surface streets of Berkeley Hills.
Those streets had very little logic to their layout, meandering as if laid out by a drunk some hundred and fifty years ago. But he knew them well from his UC Berkeley days. Bob quickly found himself out of the hills and onto the Bay Bridge and his meeting with Greg. He was standing outside Greg’s Pine Street office less than twenty-five minutes after he stalled Tom’s Charger in the Caldecott Tunnel.

• • •

Tom’s Charger came to a stop, finally, wedged between the truck and the sedan he had attempt to cut off, before Bob cut his engine with a text message. He didn’t feel the pain of anything broken or torn, he was just very shaken. And angry. The windshield had popped out in the violent collision so he pulled himself clear of the driver’s seat and steering wheel, managing to twist and pull his frame out through the opening and onto the hood of the car.  There were clearly injured people in the sedan and the other vehicles that had not been able to stop in time in the confines of the tunnel. The uninjured truck driver, not having seen how the accident came about, figured Tom was an innocent and rushed over to lend assistance. Tom waved him away, and the truck driver turned to the sedan. Highway patrolmen were already all over the scene.
Many months ago, when it became clear to Tom that he would need extraordinary powers in order to pull off OMD he had requested of the governor, and received, full Highway Patrol credentials. Not just as an honorary member, put full powers to carry a concealed weapon in any county of the state, to make arrests, and to make demands of any patrolman below the rank of commissioner. He used this power now. He flashed his ID to the nearest patrolman, who was quickly able to confirm Tom’s powers. Tom surveyed the scene, there were now a dozen cruisers on scene, and attempted to commandeer the patrolman and his vehicle. 
“Sorry, have to insist that you get a check-up first, there should be a few more EMT’s here soon, can have you on your way in an hour or so,” the patrolman said.
Tom was suddenly feeling light-headed so he agreed and asked to sit in the patrolman’s car. He sat there  for an hour while waiting for the check-up. 
The patrolman came over to the car. “Come with me, they’ll give you a look over now,” he said.
Tom followed and sat down on the back bumper of the ambulance while an EMT gave him a quick examination, asked a few questions and finally advised, but did not demand, that Tom check himself into an emergency room for an evaluation.
“Well,” the patrolman asked, resigned, “what’s it gonna be?”
“Take me to my office, it’s at 1000 Monument in Walnut Creek. What time is it?”
“It’s almost midnight.” The patrolman turned his vehicle around, crossed over the coned merge zone and began heading back east towards Walnut Creek as Nicholas went speeding by in his BMW, travelling much too fast, but not raising any desire in a tired patrolman to give chase.
“What time was the accident?” Tom asked.
“Ninety minutes ago, a little after ten. No ER?”
“Nah.” Tom was not going to say much as he plotted his strategy, in a game in which he feared he was quickly losing control. He was not accustomed to that. He cursed Sam for blowing the hit in Tokyo, he cursed himself for not having dug deeper on Bob, maybe finding something that would have given him pause, and not hired Bob at all.
“We’ll need a report on that clusterfuck in the tunnel,” the patrolman said. “What happened?”
“Too quick, dunno.”
“We had several motorist calls that you were in pursuit of a white Pathfinder, official business? Every inch of the tunnel is video monitored, so we’ll know soon enough.”
“I’ll submit a full report to your commander in the morning. Here’s my card, have him call me,” Tom said, handing over his authority business card to the patrolman.
“That’s it?”
“That’s it.” They rode together the rest of way in silence.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Twenty-five minutes after the tunnel accident Bob was in San Francisco and parked in a red zone, in front of a fire hydrant. That didn’t matter much to Bob though, he even left the keys in the ignition, he wouldn’t be driving the Pathfinder again. Greg saw him getting out and walked up to him.
“I got bits and pieces from Nicholas. What happened?”
“Scared, not exactly an uneventful trip over here. I was chased halfway over from the East Bay, until I remembered the text function to shut off Bates’ engine.”
“I trust it worked, since you’re here? I know you tried, already heard from Nicholas, he monitors all that stuff on his cell.”
“Oh yeah, worked fine. Left him in the middle of the Caldecott Tunnel. But, obviously, all covers are blown, it’s open season now. Though I’m confused by Tom, and what his game is, it’s changed, but in a way I don’t understand yet.  I’m also bothered by how deep I’m dragging you into this. Seems it’s all you do anymore, and don’t even want to guess how much you’ve spent. You know I’ll never be able to repay you.”
“The last part, don’t worry about. I have a substantial fortune and nobody to leave it to,” Greg said.
“That may be true, but you have enough to do all the things you want, for the rest of your life?”
“There’s not much left. This is my last hurrah, a last and greatest adventure.”
“I’m not following you.”
“I’m dying, Bob.”
“Oh.” Bob was silent for a moment, then remembered who he was talking to.  “Quickly? Or slowly, like the rest of us?”
Greg grinned. “Slowly for the last fifteen years, but now, suddenly, very quickly. Do the math, I’m a gay man and I’m dying young.”
“Oh. I thought they have drugs to keep you going forever, an occasional detour perhaps, but then a recovery. At least that’s what I’ve been reading, whenever there is something to read. HIV doesn’t make the news much anymore.”
“Well, you get it, they treat it, you’re stabilized. Until a complication sets in. That’s usually a matter of bad luck on top of the bad luck. I’ve got bad luck on top of bad luck. Cancer, caused by the HIV, likely won’t see the end of the year. And won’t be a pleasant journey as it nears the end. But let’s move on, I’ll keep you updated as needed on my condition. Right now I could run a five-minute mile, so don’t worry. What has you puzzled about Bates?” 
“Well after I got into the offices, Bill, the night watchman, literally looked the other way so I could get by him–dunno what Nicholas did there to make that happen–and upstairs to the executive suite.”
“Okay, that adds to the puzzle, Nicholas hadn’t done anything there yet. Bates must’ve wanted you to get through.  I’m sure most of it was recorded by cameras, and still just the ones we know about, none have been added, so you were careful to avoid them?”
“Yes, I did. Followed the drill we worked out exactly, stuck to the blind wall to get from my office over to Bates’ office and in.  When I swung out the painting concealing his safe though, the combination was written on the back of the painting. Almost as if he didn’t know I had the combination, but wanted to make sure that I got into the safe.”
“What did you do?”
“I opened it anyway. Filled with stacks and stacks of hundred dollar bills. I’m guessing about eight hundred grand. Alotta fucking money.”
“Where is the money now? I hope you learned your lesson in Tokyo,” Greg said, his arms wrapped around himself, trying to keep warm on a cold San Francisco evening as they walked toward the piers.
“Yeah, I did, it’s all still there, except this one,” Bob said, pulling the single crumpled hundred from his pocket. “Just wanted to know if its counterfeit or real.”
“Probably no reason for him to mess around in petty crime like that. They have their own, legal printing press, it’s called the California State Treasurer’s Office. They print bonds, sell them, and watch the money pour in. Let me see it.” Greg took the bill and examined it under the street light. “Looks legit to me, but I’ll bet Tom has a list of the serial numbers in a book somewhere.”
They continued walking as Greg crumpled the bill in his hand. They came upon a derelict sitting on a sheet of cardboard with a few belongings at his feet, one of which was an upturned baseball cap with a few coins and bills in it. “Hey Tony, how’s it going tonight?” Greg asked the derelict.
“Hi Boss Greg. Cold tonight, not too many people, not much money tonight.”
“Well, here, this’ll help some.” Greg dropped the crumpled bill into the cap. He turned to Bob as they continued on, passing out of Tony’s small piece of real estate, “probably won’t realize how much it is until he uncrumples it when he needs another bottle of cheap wine. Hope he realizes what it is, the clerk would probably give him change likes it’s a ten spot.”
“So, why would Bates keep all that money in the safe, and why would he want me to find it? Evidence? Does this mean that it all goes down tonight? Tomorrow? “
“In here,” Greg said, opening the door to an all night diner. It was typical of Greg’s choices in a place to meet. The two of them could not help but stand out in this crowd. The tattooed men, wearing sleeveless t-shirts to better display the inky sleeves that ran from their wrists up to and over their shoulders; the piercings on the girls, who had more chrome in their faces then the front end of a ‘57 Oldsmobile; the mohawks and shaved heads; it was a real circus that Greg had invited Bob into. Greg didn’t seem to be the least phased by all the pageantry around him. He just made his way to a back table as Bob followed him.
“I dunno, its close to over I suspect,” Greg said.
“Well, I did run the pocket metal detector around a little bit and found this little book stuck to the underside of his desk.” Bob handed the small cigarette cased sized black book to Greg. “Haven’t even had a chance to look through it yet, been running so hard.”
Greg thumbed through the book and looked up. “Then?”
“Well I got back into my office and just as I was sitting down Tom stuck his head in the door and said hi, that he was just there to pick up a few things. Told him I was just leaving, but I did stop by the restroom first. I heard Tom go running by in an awful hurry. I stepped out of the bathroom and I heard him shouting down the staircase to Bill, to stop me. Bill said something, I couldn’t hear what it was. Tom started running down the steps and I headed back to my office. I have a window that opens so I left that way, took a bit of a hard fall, but some pretty thick bushes down below, they saved me.”
By the time Bob had finished with his story, the dash out of the parking lot, the slow speed chase in heavy traffic along Highway 680, and finally killing Tom’s engine in the Caldecott Tunnel, Greg had found something of interest in the little black book.
“This is interesting. Sam Cutler. I know of him, he’s a hustler, runs his operation out of Concord, I think. Haven’t known him to do anything like a hit, but it’s possible, and pretty sure he must’ve been Bates’ mechanic for lots of his pay-off and bribe activities. He could be key.” 
“I doubt he’d cooperate, he’d be hanging himself.”
“I can keep him in my own kind of protective custody until he’s ready to barter what he knows for a few months in prison, heck he might even get off, new identity, and a slate wiped clean.  That’ll appeal a lot more to him than the alternative I’d offer.”
“You’re not suggesting . . .”
“Bob, you can’t win a war if you let the other side play by their rules and you follow some sort of Geneva Convention down to every last comma and semi-colon. I’ve got my suspicions, and I think SwiftRail is done with, no matter what. Now, the game is to make sure that Tom Bates takes the fall. It’s looking more and more to me now like he’s trying to set you up to take the fall, and he comes out the hero.”
“You mean, he’s getting ready to blow the whistle?”
“It’s all starting to make sense to me.”
“Well, what do we do next?” Bob asked.
“I’m thinking, thinking hard. Because I really don’t know. If we sit and wait we lose the advantage, but still don’t know what Bates’ plan is. Where are the documents you’ve been stockpiling over the past couple months?”
“At a friend’s house, didn’t think it was safe at the condo, Tom can get in there easy enough if he wants to, or this Sammy guy, and his crew.”
“We need to get to Sam Cutler, let me call his cell number.” Greg pulled out his cell phone and dialed the number from the black book.
“Hello,” was the brief answer to the call.
“Greg Hart, calling for Sam Cutler," Greg said, using one of his many aliases.
There was a pause at the other end. “Can I give Sam a message?” 
“Yeah, Sam doesn’t know me, but I come with good references. I need to arrange a non-bank transfer of funds to a client, I understand he does that.”
“Domestic?”
“Yeah, over in the East Bay, fifty thousand dollars, with a ten percent commission, can you ask him if that is workable?”
“Sure, when do you need this done?”
“By morning, if possible.”
“That’s a rush job, twenty-five percent.”
“Twenty.”
“Okay.”
“Where do I meet you?”
“You don’t meet me, I’ll give you a drop location.”
“Okay . . . Sam?”
“No, this isn’t Sam, but I work with him.”
“I need to meet him at the drop, make sure I’m not giving fifty grand to the wrong guy.”
“It’s sixty grand. Pay the commission up front.”
“Okay, I’ll be there with sixty grand if Sam is there too.”
“1530 Clarkson Road In Concord, it’s a small dive bar, called Belle’s. In two hours. We’ll know who you are.”
“Okay, thanks.” Greg hung up the phone and looked at Bob. “All set.”
“Uhhhm, Greg, I know you’re wealthy and all that, but what are we going to have to do, visit sixty different ATM’s in the next two hours to collect sixty grand to give to Sam?”
“No, just one ATM.”
“Wow, who do you bank with?”
“A private bank, over in Walnut Creek, at 1000 Monument Boulevard.” Greg smiled widely, “guess we’d better get Nicholas on this right away. Could be an interesting turn of events if Sam Cutler got caught with some of the marked bills.” 
Greg called Nicholas and talked to him briefly while Bob got up and went to the bathroom. When he returned Greg said, “that’s a bit of luck, Nicholas is already on his way to Walnut Creek on some of his own business, tied up at the Caldecott, they had to reroute westbound traffic through one of the eastbound bores, seems somebody’s accident caused a chain reaction, they’ll be cleaning it up for hours.”

• • •

Sam was rubbing his hands in disbelief. Not only would he have Tom’s forty thousand dollars in two hours, he would have another twenty for himself. Fuck this guy meeting me with sixty grand in cash, he thought, he’ll never track me down. Sam did not fear anyone, except perhaps the Yakuza, as much as he feared Tom and his friends in high places.

• • •

Nicholas parked at the curb in front of the authority’s offices on Monument Boulevard and watched the building for a few moments, looking for any signs of activity. It all seemed quiet. He got out and walked closer. He could see the well lit lobby with a lone security guard at the desk, looking bored. Greg had told him that the window to Bob’s office had been left open after Bob’s escape several hours earlier, so he went around back, and saw that it was still wide open. He was carrying a grappling hook and twenty feet of rope in his left hand, and a large two by three foot canvas carry-all in his right.
He came in closer and tossed the hook. It sailed through the open window and made a muffled crashing noise, he pulled it tight and returned to the front of the building. The guard was still sitting at his desk, so Nicholas went back around again and quickly scaled the wall and was inside Bob’s office, dropping the grappling hook back down to the ground outside. He was very familiar with the layout and, hugging the wall to escape the cameras, was inside Tom’s office, 
He swung out Lady in Repose and entered the combination on the keypad to the safe, the red LED turned to green. He opened the safe, and there was the money, just as Bob had said it would be. While grabbing the stacks of bills and stuffing them into his backpack he glanced at the back of the painting, there was no combination written in pencil on the back of the canvas any longer. With the safe emptied he shut the door and pushed the combination reset button. The LED turned red once again. 
The canvas carry-all he had brought with him was leaning against the wall. He unzipped and pulled out the painting he had worked on until the early hours of the morning a few days earlier. He held it up to the painting on the wall, it was a perfect match. The hinge pin securing the painting to the bracket slipped out easily and Lady in Repose was in his hand. Thirty seconds later the replacement was in place and the real painting was safely in his canvas carry-all.
Back in Bob’s office Nicholas was perched on the window sill, ready to jump out when he heard voices in the hallway.
“No, Mr. Bates, nobody has been here since you left hours ago, chasing after Jones.”
“You sure of that Bill?” Tom asked the night watchman.
“Yes.”
“Okay, you can go back down to the front desk, this place is on full alert now.  I’ll be in my office for just a little bit, okay?”
“Yes, Mr. Bates.”
Nicholas had climbed back down from his perch on the window sill and was standing behind the open door to Bob’s office when Tom stuck his head in and gave a quick glance around, then returned to his office. Nicholas waited a minute and then peered around the door and stepped out into the lobby. He reached over two feet to the fire alarm box on the wall outside Bob’s office and pulled the lever down, dashed to the window and was in mid-air when the ear-splitting alarm started to sound. He landed with the agility of a cat and was soon running in the shadows back around to the front of the building and towards his car with the grappling hook and rope in one hand, the canvas carry-all in the other. He was a mile down Monument when he saw the flashing lights of a fire truck approaching him on its way to the authority building.

• • •

Tom was at his safe entering the combination when the shrill howl of the fire alarm startled him. “What the fuck now?” he said, quickly pushing the reset button and returning the painting to its position, flush against the wall. He heard running in the lobby and looked to the door as Bill came running in.
“You okay?” Bill asked. “Did you pull the alarm?”
“No I didn’t, it was whoever you didn’t see enter the building that pulled it. Go back downstairs and wait on the fire department.”
As Bill left, Tom swung the art back out from the wall, reached over with his right hand and, using his thumb and forefinger, lifted the hinge pin securing Nicholas’ copy of Lady in Repose to the bracket on the wall. He walked over to his desk and set the artwork down on the desktop. Reaching into a desk drawer he pulled out a folded canvas bag. The painting fit perfectly and he zipped it up,  put the bag under his arm, and left the office, this time turning out the light and shutting the door behind himself. Noticing the alarm over by Bob’s office in the deployed position he walked over and pushed it upright, though this did not stop the shrill alarm.
When Tom got to the bottom of the stairs–he didn’t wait for the elevator today–a police car from the Walnut Creek department of safety was already up front and two uniformed officers were entering the lobby.
“Don’t see any smoke, false alarm?” The first officer asked of Bill and Tom who were standing together.
“Must be,” Tom said. “I’m actually in a a rush, though, can I go?”
“Not quite yet, sorry, it’s a brief report, but still need to fill one out. Who is here. Why you’re here. That kind of thing.”
“Okay, make it quick, will you?” Tom snapped, clutching the canvas bag close to his side. His highway patrol credentials were useless here.
For the next half hour, while the firemen toured the facility to ensure there was no fire, the police took Tom and Bill on a tour of the upstairs suites, noting Bob’s open office window, and the visible safe and empty bracket in Tom’s office.
“That’s what’s under your arm?” the officer asked.
“Yes, even though it’s a reproduction, it has some value, thought if there was a fire I’d want to save it,” Tom lied to the police officer.
“Okay, just as long as it wasn’t stolen, the open window in the next office seems a little suspicious.”
“Oh, that’s just Bob Jones, insisted on a casement window when he started here, he’s always forgetting to shut it. Nothing appears to be missing, I think we’re okay. What do you think Bill?” Tom asked, turning to the night watchman.
“Think we’re okay, I have tapes downstairs from all the cameras, and even though I haven’t seen anything all evening, I’ll check the last half hour on all of them.”
“Okay. We’ll file a report, if anything comes up, here’s my card, give me a call.”
Tom looked at his watch. It was one-thirty in the morning.

• • •

“Mission accomplished,” Nicholas said over his cell phone to an appreciative Greg.
“Good. Look, we’re on our way over to Concord right now to meet Bates’ mechanic, the guy we’re pretty sure engineered the failed hit on Bob in Tokyo. Need to pull sixty grand out of the stash and put it in a small bag. The guy thinks I’m hiring him to make a payoff for me.”
“Where in Concord do you want to meet?”
“The drop is at a bar called Belle’s, at two o’clock, so just a block away should be sufficient. I’m hustling to get over there now with Bob though, the meeting takes place in about thirty minutes.”
“Okay, not a problem. 
The rendezvous took place as planned, Nicholas handed over the sixty thousand from the stash in Tom’s safe and Greg wandered across the street and over to Belle’s. He imagined what Sam Cutler looked like but could not be sure. He saw a pallid, wiry man wearing heavy, black-rimmed glasses crowding a tumbler of brown liquor at the end of the bar. He was sure that had to be Sam and approached him.
“Sam?”
“Who wants to know?”
“You tell me, want to make sure I have the right man.”
“Mr. Hart?”
“Okay.” Greg put the bag down on the bar. Sam reached a hand out to grab it and Greg slapped his own hand on top of the bag, pulling it in his direction. “Not so fast.”
“I need to count it.”
“Why? You going to give me a receipt?”
“No.”
“I think I’m the one putting all my trust in you, wouldn’t you say?”
“I hope it was a good friend that recommended me. Who was it that gave you my name?”
“You gonna open your contact book for me?”
“No.”
“Then I guess I’ll have to leave it at that. In any case I trust him, and he trusts you.”
“Fine, okay by me.”
“I’m not worried. Here’s the address and password,” Greg said, sliding a slip of paper over to Sam.
Sam picked it up and studied it. “That’s all I need to know. Can I have the bag now?”
Greg slid it over. “Nice to do business with you. Do this right, there’s a lot more where this came from.” Greg stood up and walked away, glad to get out of Sam’s presence. 
Sam opened the bag and looked in, holding his nose close. It looked and smelled like money. He smiled, threw down the rest of his scotch and walked briskly out to his car. Once inside he pulled a brown paper lunch bag off the passenger seat and separated four stacks from the stash, putting them into the lunch bag. He turned the key in the ignition and headed for Tom’s house, a fifteen minute drive away. 
Sam cruised around Tom’s block once, looking for any suspicious cars, then pulled up in front. It was late, dark, and deserted. He quickly walked up to the garage door which was, just as Tom said it would be, open several inches. He dropped the bag with the forty thousand dollars on the ground and gave it a swift kick under the door. It disappeared from sight, and Sam hoped he was now done with Tom Bates. 
Back in his car, humming the tune to Freebird, even while a cigarette dangled from his lips, Sam got back onto the freeway and headed towards the Indian casino in Fairfield. If his new client, Greg Hart, got lucky, Sam would have the money to pay off his bribe by morning. If not, Greg Hart could go talk to the Indians about recovering twenty of the sixty thousand he had entrusted to him.

• • •

“Done for today,” Greg said as he opened the door and got back into his car alongside Bob. “Cutler is the slime I suspected he would be all along. I’ll arrange another drop for him in a few days. Greedy bastard’ll jump all over it. I’ll have him nabbed then.”
“What do we do in the meantime?”
“Get a good night’s sleep, I’ll take you home.”
As they approached the building where Bob had his condo he grabbed Greg’s arm on the steering wheel,” that’s my condo, on the seventh floor . . . with the light moving around. Somebody’s up there,” he said.
Greg made a u-turn and pulled up on the other side of the road. They both peered out his side window at the seventh floor. The light was promptly extinguished. “Guess we should see what’s going on,” Greg said.
“Okay,” Bob responded.
They both got out of the car and headed up to the seventh floor of the condominium building. The hallway leading to Bob’s unit was empty and there was no sign of forced entry. Bob unlocked the door and they entered, looking around. 
“Nothing looks out of place,” Bob said. “Think they were looking for me, or for stuff? I wonder how they got in, must’ve gotten a key, somehow, no signs of forcing the door.”
“Hard to say, but why don’t you come stay in the city tonight, just to be safe.”
“Good idea, let’s go.”
They closed the door to the condo and returned to the car, and the drive back to San Francisco and Greg’s Pacific Heights penthouse.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
With the office heist completed and the handoff to Greg done, Nicholas headed back to his loft home in San Francisco. He parked in the underground garage, grabbed the canvas bag with Lady in Repose and headed up to his loft, leaving the balance of the eight hundred thousand dollars laying on the floorboard of his BMW. Once inside the loft he laid the canvas bag on the dining room table and took off his windbreaker. Glancing warily at the table, in anticipation, he went to the refrigerator and took out a bottle of Moet and popped the cork on the first alcohol he would consume in over two years. He poured a glass and unzipped the carry-all.
As he pulled back the canvas bag, exposing the painting, he gasped. The Diebenkorn was, in his eyes, priceless. In the eyes of Sotheby’s and the world of art collectors it probably had a value in excess of fifteen million dollars. There was a single picture hook hanging on the wall in front of him. He picked up the painting, walked over and hung it from the hook. Stepping backwards he took the champagne flute off the table and raised it to the painting, then gulped it down. Nicholas would stand there for the next half hour, transfixed by the painting on his wall, before retiring for the night, content to let Greg and Bob finish up their work alone. Nicholas’s assignment was complete.
As Nicholas passed by the silk screens that provided some modesty to his sleeping quarters he stopped at a control box hanging by a thick yellow wire from the ceiling. It was about the size of a cracker box, with a red and a green button on the top and a keypad on the bottom. 
He entered a code and watched the wall over his bed as a heavy iron plate slid downward, disappearing behind the headboard, revealing a dark opening about seven feet wide and six feet high. A bright light shone down from the ceiling, illuminating a painting as a hydraulic arm pushed it forward.
The iron vault built into the wall was as burglar proof as any bank vault, and designed to fall intact to the ground level in the event of an earthquake, or protect its contents for five hours in the event of a fire.
Nicholas stared at the painting hanging over his bed. It was Titian’s Venus Anadyomene. He had done such a masterful job painting the counterfeit for Judge Bassolo eight years earlier that, when the judge passed away suddenly and unexpectedly, and the heirs put the painting up for auction, his counterfeit that had been hanging in the villa was verified as authentic and auctioned to a Saudi oil baron, and nobody was the wiser; a blank canvas still resting in a vault somewhere in Italy. Nicholas had a talent for crimes that were either not recognized for the crimes they were, or, left the victim with no logical recourse. On occasion, however, a detail or two would escape Nicholas’ attention. Nicholas was unaware that he had left the judge one other surprise. A blond-haired, blue-eyed grandchild, born to the judge’s rebellious and promiscuous daughter, nine months after he had arranged Nicholas’ flight from the country.

Late the next morning Nicholas was finishing up his Bowflex session when his cell phone began buzzing. The vibration, amplified by the glass table where he had left the phone earlier, could be heard clear across the expansive loft. It was Sylvia, the lady friend he had stood up a few nights before, sending him a text message. He texted her back, inviting her up to the loft for lunch at noon, in ninety minutes. 
He set the phone down on the glass topped table and picked up another phone that was laying on the sofa next to him, sending two more texts,  before getting up and going to take a shower.

• • •

It had been a very long day for Tom, the day before. He did not stir until mid morning and plodded over to the shower. The hot water felt good running down his sore body, the aches from the violent thrashing of his Charger the night before were much more evident this morning. But at least nothing was broken, and he had only one small cut on his forehead that was healing itself.
While toweling himself off he heard his cell phone ringing a tone that told him it was a text coming from an unknown number. He picked it up, the text message was simple, it read Meet me at Clement’s in Berkeley at noon, 45678.  That would be in an hour and a half. Tom knew where Clement’s was in Berkeley, he had eaten there many times. The five digit number was the combination to the safe in his office, and seeing it on his phone alarmed him. He had no idea who the message was from, so he tried dialing the number. He got a recording advising that the number was not in service at this time.
Tom knew that this was no crank call, the person who sent it had his combination, and who knew what else. He felt that he had probably best get to the meeting and see what was up. After hurriedly dressing he went outside to his car, parked at an odd angle in the driveway after he had stumbled home at 2:30 that morning. As he was getting in he noticed his garage door was raised several inches, and he remembered why. When he opened the door he saw a brown paper bag that had slid halfway across the floor. Reaching for it he smiled. Inside was his forty thousand dollars. He pulled one of the stacks out and placed it in his blazer pocket. The rest he stashed in the drawer of his workbench before returning to his car, closing the garage door and leaving for his rendezvous at Clement’s in Berkeley.
Satisfied that Sam might have some redeeming value after all, he sent a text message telling him to meet him at Clement’s as well, to find a dark table in the corner, sit and wait, and be available if needed.

• • •

Bob was sitting in his boxer shorts on the closed sofa bed. There was a neat stack of folded bedclothes on the end table next to him. The television was turned on, though Bob was paying no attention to what was on the screen. Greg walked through the room and into the kitchen. “OJ?” he called out to Bob.
“Yes, please,” Bob answered.
“Your cell phone pinged,” Greg called out as he poured two glasses of orange juice.
“Read me the text, would you.”
“Says Meet me at Clements in Berkeley at noon today. 45678,” Greg said, amusement tingeing his voice.
“Whose it from?”
“Doesn’t say, just a number.”
“Call it.”
Greg called the number. “Says number is not in service.”
“Should we go?”
“Tom is the only one I can think of that would know the combination, must be him. But no idea what he’s up to.”
“Let’s go.”
“Okay, hurry up, we only have ninety minutes.”

• • •

Tom was already sitting down at a table in the back of the restaurant when Bob and Greg entered. Greg nudged Bob with his elbow and jutted his chin to his left. Bob looked over as Greg whispered “Sam Cutler. I think I’ll join him while you go over to Bates.”
“Okay,” Bob said as he made his way to the back of the restaurant. Greg slid into the booth opposite a surprised Sam Cutler.
“Oh fuck, you’re with him?” Sam asked. Greg smiled, holding up one hand in a command to remain still while he slipped the other inside his blazer, about where a shoulder holster would position a gun.
Bob slowly approached the table Tom was at, the whole while examining the faces at the tables around them, he didn’t recognize anyone in the dining room. He pulled a chair out and sat down as Tom looked up from his computer tablet.
Bob and Tom sat across from each other, glowering, each having no idea why the other had texted him to meet here, at midday, in a Berkeley restaurant.
Tom was the first to break the silence. “Okay, what the fuck’s going on Bob, you’ve already done so much damage, to the authority, to California’s future, to countless decent and honest businessmen, to me, and most of all to yourself. You wired?”
“If I was I don’t think I’d tell you. You want to have Sam pat me down?  We can go back there, into the bathroom.”
“Cut the shit, why’d you call me here, what do you want?”
“Called you here?  I didn’t call you here, you called me here.”
“No fucking way did I call you here. You sent me a text.”
“You sent me a text.”
They both pulled out their phones. “415-556-4862, where’d your text come from?” Bob asked.
“415-556-4862,” Tom said. “Who the fuck is that?”
“I dunno,” Bob said, looking over towards the front door of the restaurant. Four men in dark suits with close cropped hair were entering. One stood by the door while one went to the rear of the restaurant, walking alongside the bar and passing several tables away from the table where they were sitting. Bob was momentarily distracted by the scene on the TV hanging over the bar. He read the bold headline at the bottom of the screen. It said ‘Whistle blown on CA Bullet Train Authority.’
A man who had been sitting at the bar with his back to Tom and Bob turned around at the same time the four men were positioning themselves. Two of the four approached him, and he pointed to the table where Tom and Bob were sitting. Bob briefly took his eyes off the television over the bar to look at the man. It was Mike, the security guard from the front lobby desk at the authority. Bob returned his attention to the newscast. Tom did not notice any of this, his eyes were focused, his rage was focused, on Bob.
The two remaining men in dark suits walked up to their table. They showed their FBI badges. One of them spoke. “Tom Bates. Under the authority of the United States Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigations you are under arrest for defrauding the people of the state of California and the Federal Government. You have the right to remain silent, anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.”
Tom let forth with a burst of expletives telling Bob how much of a fool he was, and that all the evidence pointed to him, Bob, as the culprit over at the authority. Tom then started laughing, as he got his own joke.
The agent patted Tom down, pulling a bundle of hundred dollar bills from his breast pocket. He lobbed it over to Mike who returned to the laptop he had open on top of the bar. “Serial numbers check,” he said after a few quick keystrokes.
Bob continued staring silently at the television hanging over the bar.  The other agent identified Bob, advised him of the charges against him, and read him his rights as Greg walked up with a stony Sam before him. The agents turned to them as Greg removed his hand from under his blazer. “I’m Jones’ attorney, I’m advising him not to say anything. This fellow in front of me is Sam Cutler, he might be Bates’ attorney, I don’t know, but I can tell you he’s packing, and a convicted felon,” Greg said.
“So is he, he’s packing too,” Sam said as the agent made a motion to begin drawing his own weapon. Sam immediately threw his hands up into the air and said “under the breast pocket.” 
Sam turned to look at Greg, who was smiling, and holding out his hand with the thumb pointed up, index finger pointed out and the other fingers curled into his palm. The agent cuffed Sam and sat him down in a chair. The agent noticed that there was a distraction and that all eyes were turned towards the TV hanging in the bar. Even Tom had turned around in his chair and was watching the newscast now.
A group of people were descending  the courthouse stairs towards a waiting car. The person in the center could not be identified on account of a coat that was being held up to conceal their identity. Bob could tell it was a woman, she was wearing a dress, and she was fairly tall. He recognized the dress, it was a green and orange plaid design. 
“Carol!” Tom shouted.
 As Carol was hustled into the back of the car a woman that had been part of the crowd stepped out of the anonymity of the crowd and to the forefront, and climbed into the backseat alongside Carol. 
“Julie?” Bob muttered in disbelief.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Alyson Fluke walked out the French doors and across the patio to the elaborate pool area where her father Alan was sunning himself at poolside. His sixth wife, Sally—Alyson had long ago stopped calling them ‘step-moms’– was lying next to him. Sally was only three years older than she was.
It was just a few minutes past noon and the household staff were setting the table with a lunch fit for the king that Alan was.
“Hi Dad,” Alyson said, cheerfully.
“Hi sweetie. Where’s Steve, sleeping? When’s he gonna get a job?”
“Want’s to get his golf handicap down first, then he will.”
“What’s up,” Alan grumbled.
Alyson held out a cell phone to him. “Your phone’s been pinging non-stop, I think somebody wants to get hold of you badly.”
Alan took the phone, knowing it must be urgent as only a few people were allowed access to his text messaging. He pushed the text messaging icon and two numbers came up. The first was the number for Peter Cafton, his chief of security. He had left two messages, the first early in the morning: Fire alarm tripped at SwiftRail HQ early am.
And the second just a few minutes before Alyson handed him the phone: Turn on the news, SwiftRail blowing up.
There were two messages from a number he did not recognize, but they came one after another, about ninety minutes earlier. They were linked messages, sent as two texts due to the character limitations on texting.
Mr. Fluke. You don’t know me, but I want to assure you Lady in Repose is safe. Bates has a forgery.
 I was there when you paid 9.5M for her ten years ago at Sotheby’s. Let’s negotiate. I’ll be in touch.

EPILOG
Bob spent the weekend in the lockup before his quarter million dollar bail was made. Greg never showed up to arrange it. It was a lawyer Bob had never seen before who stood by him at the front desk where his possessions were checked off on a list as they were returned to him, one by one. They walked in uncomfortable silence to the front doors and the flight of steps down to the street. It was the same scene he had seen on the television two days earlier, except there was no throng of reporters, no sensational headlines. His release did not even warrant a footnote in the day’s news.
The lawyer seemed to be in a hurry to take his leave of Bob, having provided only evasive answers to his questions so far. “You aren’t going to tell me anything other than my bail has been made?” Bob asked.
“There’s your ride,” the lawyer said, pointing to a late model BMW parked at the curb. “He’ll tell you all you need to know.” He offered a handshake and left Bob alone on the steps.
Bob stood for a moment, looking at the sleek sedan parked down the steps, waiting for him. He walked down and opened the passenger side door, looking in and seeing Nicholas. “Boy am I glad to see you, to be out of there,” he said.
Nicholas nodded his head. Bob noticed that Nicholas was looking very tired. Unlike the always-ready-to-run-a-four-minute-mile Nicholas he had become accustomed to over the previous week. “You look like you’ve been through the wringer,” Bob continued.
“It’s been a tough few days.”
“Well, thanks for picking me up. I guess I need to say thanks to Greg for making my bail?”
“ ‘Fraid not. I can take you over to SF General to say good-bye to Greg, though he won’t hear you. He’s in a coma. We’re waiting for a judge to okay ending life support. The consummate lawyer, Greg never got around to preparing his advance directive.”
Bob was silent for a moment. “He’d told me what was going on, but seemed pretty confident that he had at least until the end of the year. What happened? It seems fast, two days ago he was looking fine. I’m sorry.”
“Had nothing to do with his health issues.”
“He wasn’t suicidal, at least not yet. I know he feared the end somewhat. What did happen?”
“The preliminary investigation points at accidental, even though I know it wasn’t. But we’ll leave it at that.”
“What kind of accident? Bates have anything to do with it?”
“Bates is history. Things are happening quickly. He won’t last too long in jail, certainly not until his trial, he knows too much.”
“Then who made my bail?”
“The feds.”
“I don’t get it.”
“The money in the safe, it was planted there by the feds when Carol and Julie started working with them to set up the sting. Mike, the security guard, was part of that too.”
“That’s funny, actually. Will I have a trial?”
“No, charges will be dropped soon, and you’ll get the bail money back. That’s your share of the spoils.”
“Thanks. Won’t they ask where it came from?”
“That’s been handled too. It’s been laundered, but you will owe lots of taxes on it.”
“If I can’t thank Greg for my turn in fortune, who do I thank?”
“No thanks necessary to anyone. You did your part, there’s lots of people that owe you thanks,” Nicholas said as he pulled into the SF General Hospital parking lot.
“What about you?”
“I’m coming out of this just fine, except, of course, losing a dear, dear friend.”
“You knew Greg a long time?” Bob asked as they walked through a typical San Francisco midday springtime mist to the front doors.
“He was my mentor since the day he picked me off the streets of San Francisco. A street urchin with no plausible future.”
“You lost a dad as much as anything?”
“Could put it that way.” They were standing somberly by the elevators, surrounded by a typically eclectic crowd of San Francisco citizens, perhaps a fair number of non-citizens who called the city home.
“So what do you do now?” Bob asked.
Nicholas grinned for the first time that morning. “I’m Greg’s creation, we are very much alike in many respects. There’s just too much opportunity in tying up the loose ends to walk away from it.”
“How’s that?” Bob asked as they exited the elevator and walked down the corridor towards Greg’s private room.
“You’re in a place now where you have your own opportunities to pursue. Believe me, in about two weeks you’ll find yourself in a place you never imagined. The spotlight’ll be shining so brightly on you, you could become governor if you wanted. I shun the spotlight, my work gets down in moonlight, at best. You want to be as far from me as you can be, and I probably want to be as far from you.” They stopped at a closed door.
“In here, you ready?” Nicholas asked.
“Yeah.” They walked in. Greg was alone in the room. Greg was lying in bed looking peaceful, with just the bed, a ventilator and a vital signs monitor. The ventilator made a soft wheezing noise as it fed oxygen to Greg. The monitor made a steady, monotonous beeping noise. He was covered up to his neck in a blanket with just one arm, the arm hooked up to the IV and the monitor, on top of the blanket.
“Actually, this setup could keep him going until the cancer advances enough to shut down other organs, but that’s not what he would’ve wanted. He’ll pass quietly later today, be cremated, scattered at sea, and that’ll be the end of it.”
“It’s sad, very sad.”
“Yes, it is. He left his fortune to his law firm partners and associates, with one provision,” Nicholas said.
“And that is?”
“That they provide you all the legal service you need until the book is closed on your involvement at SwiftRail. Like I said, you’ll come out of this just fine, so many options to decide what you make with the rest of your life.”
Bob walked up to the bed and took Greg’s hand in his own, looking down on his face. There was a long line of sutures where a gash had been sewn up. The eyes were bruised. “What was the accident?” He asked, turning to Nicholas.
“You know it’s a small world, don’t you?”
“Yeah, I know. That’s why I could see my former wife getting into a car with my boss’s secretary. Is there other small world stuff here?”
“Uh-huh. About nine years ago Alan Fluke tried his hand at residential housing developments. He used lots of substandard plastic piping in the homes, piping that started to fail shortly after the homes were built and people bought them and moved in. You can guess who represented the people in their class action lawsuit.”
“Greg, of course.”
“Yup. He won the case too. Didn’t cost Fluke anything but pride. His insurance companies dropped him after they made the payouts and he went back to doing just public infrastructure stuff. Probably the best thing that could’ve happened to him, in hindsight. But he’s got an ego problem, and Greg bested him and he hated Greg for that. Greg was on his enemies list. He knew pretty much everything about Greg, including his penchant for thrilling hobbies. Greg always packed his own parachute. Can’t explain why it didn’t open yesterday.”
“So Fluke knows you too? Hadn’t you better watch out?”
“Nah, I was off doing other things during that whole episode. When I returned to San Francisco it had died down. Fluke had moved on to other things, as had Greg, though Fluke never forgot.”
“And that’s what you’re letting slip by? Moving on from?”
“No, I’m closing the book on this episode. Fluke, he’s the first chapter of the next book.”
###
