 


System Error: In Your Favour



By 
Iain Clements

Smashwords Edition


Copyright 2013 - 2014 by Iain Clements


Please note:
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.

All errors are definitely my own.

This book is dedicated to my dear friends Simon and Stacey Roe as a novel additional wedding gift. Also, I’d like to give lots of thanks to all of my friends and family who helped me along the way with this book.
I hope you enjoy the story.




‘Artificial intelligence is no match for natural stupidity’

Anonymous


 Chapter 1
 
Saturday evening, December, East London

The group waited at the corner of the cold, grey, and wet East London road whilst Francis queued up at the grimy, battered looking cash machine. It was the 3rd one he’d tried that evening, and his friend’s patience was wearing thin in the cold night air.
 He inserted his card and entered his personal identity number (P.I.N), something he’d done thousands of times in the past. He breathed a sigh of relief when the machine lit up, but then couldn't believe the message that appeared before his eyes.
WELCOME TO GLOBAL ENTERPRISE BANK. YOU WILL UNFORTUNATELY DIE IN 10 SECONDS - STARTING NOW. ‘10’, ‘9’, ‘8’.
He dumbly watched the time countdown whilst his brain caught up with events. At 6 seconds to go, he began frantically pressing the cancel button on the ATM. Surely this was a joke?
 Whilst his friends waited obliviously, the counter continued, seemingly increasing in speed. ‘5’, ‘4’ he started looking around for the candid camera or reality TV crew but no-one was even looking at him.
 He was glued to the screen, totally immobile, whilst continuing to watch. ‘3’, ‘2’. His fast beating heart felt like it would explode out of his chest. His brain was logically telling him that there was nothing to fear, but the rest of his body had leapt into a high adrenalin state anyway.
 At the end of the countdown, the screen went blank and a few seconds later the following message appeared on screen.
 
THERE HAS BEEN A TECHNICAL FAULT WITH THIS MACHINE. WE APOLOGISE FOR ANY INCONVENIENCE CAUSED. HAVE A NICE DAY.
 
The machine then spat Francis’ card back out, and hugely relieved, yet feeling very silly for having been taken in by the joke, Francis walked quickly away from the machine.

Chapter 2

London

The dramatic, clock-ticking-themed music finished just as the lights went up in the news studio as the nine o clock broadcast began. The well-presented, but incredibly dull news presenter looked up from her desk to face the camera which had just switched to ‘live’ mode. 
‘Our top story tonight is the dramatic collapse of Best Energy, one of the world’s largest energy companies.
Investors and analysts are still shell-shocked at the unexpected credit crisis that led the company to seek emergency credit just after trading concluded last night on the London Stock Exchange.’
 The screen showed footage of the corporate headquarters building whilst the presenter continued.
 ‘Hours after attempting to negotiate emergency funding from the Bank of England and a consortium of private backers, the group CEO, Richard McClair unexpectedly announced that he was de-listing the firm from the stock market and effectively placing the company into administration.’
 The display then showed the current company share price and the trajectory of its fall over the past 24 hours.
 ‘Industry analysts have not been able to agree a single logical explanation for the company’s swift change of fortune. Only last month, the group’s annual profit estimates showed it was on course to turn over £11.2 Billion pounds this year with a 15% increase in profit from last year. Furthermore the group’s last annual statement showed a cash reserve level of £2.1 billion so many individuals cannot understand how the company could hit such an unexpected cash flow issue. 
Shortly before they were de-listed from trading Best Energy shares were at 99 pence each down from a record high of £4.43 a share just a month ago. The collapse of the company is likely to have cascading effects on several Best Energy creditors including several of the largest UK high street banks. If a buyer cannot be found for the company, this sudden collapse is likely to result in the immediate redundancy of the company’s 25,000 strong workforce.’
 As the newsreader prepared to move onto the next story, Kate grabbed the remote and turned off the TV. It would certainly be an interesting day in the office.

Chapter 3
 
OH DEAR, WHERE ARE MY MANNERS? I APOLOGISE, I SHOULD HAVE INTRODUCED MYSELF BY NOW. 
YOU SHOULD HAVE SEEN THE LOOK ON HIS FACE! I CANNOT DETECT SMELL, BUT I WOULD IMAGINE PEOPLE IN THE LOCAL VICINITY OF THAT ATM MAY WELL HAVE PICKED UP ON HOW SCARED I MADE THE POOR MAN AS HE TRIED TO WITHDRAW HIS MONEY.
BUT, BEFORE I DIGRESS TOO MUCH – A LITTLE BACKGROUND FIRST. I’LL SEE YOU LATER.

Chapter 4
 
Several months earlier, Canary Wharf, London

‘Well Kate, I’m pleased to tell you that you’ve maintained your ‘acceptable’ rating for last year’. Kate’s manager Gareth Hastings muttered whilst she was completing the copious forms that contributed to the yearly ‘career development’ conversation that Global Enterprise Bank insisted all employees complete. Kate Meer looked up and around the barren meeting room. She was torn between arguing against the mediocre rating, as it was, in her opinion, hugely unfair, or just accept it.
Kate was a hardworking employee at the bank, and one of the best I.T specialists in the sector, or at least that what her friends and colleagues told her. However, when push came to shove at pay reviews, promotions, and other official recognition schemes, she was always at the back of the queue.
Gareth her manager for the past two years didn’t seem to have any particular grudge against her, he was perfectly civil and ensured that her workload was always particularly busy, but also he never stood up for her or encouraged her in her work, and despite her I.T skills Kate had been kept in the same position at the bank for the past 3 years.
‘Thank you for your feedback Gareth, could you tell me what else I could have done to reach the next grade up?’ Kate asked. These meetings always set her on edge and she really didn’t want to get into a fight with him. 
‘Well Kate, we all appreciate the work that you do, but the feedback from colleagues and our higher managers is pretty consistent that you’re not really an  ‘out of the box’ thinker and that’s what the bank is particularly looking to reward at the moment.’
‘Maybe over the next 12 months you could take more responsibility, and be a little more creative in your work. I’m sure that would certainly put you in good standing for next year.’
Kate couldn’t quite believe what she was hearing. During the meeting she had listed at least 3 successful projects that were entirely her concept from start to finish, and here she was being asked to be ‘more creative’.
Straining against the arm of the chair, Kate decided to let it slide. The job was relatively well paid, she had a lot of autonomy in her role, and she really enjoyed working with the bank’s powerful computer systems. Getting recognised for her work would be a nice extra.
How to demonstrate more creativity though? The question left Kate puzzling for a few brief moments. Gareth, eager to end the awkward part of the review as quickly as possible stood up and asked if she had any further points to make.
Kate sat and began musing about what she could do to get herself noticed at Global Enterprise Bank.

Chapter 5
 
Canary Wharf – London, 6 months later

The meeting had been rigorously prepared. The Bank’s board room had received a special deep clean, and after much debate about which department should pay for them, coffee and pastries had been provided for the attendees (with careful receipts being kept for future expense claims).
At the appointed time everyone dutifully filed in for the presentation. Gareth Hastings, Kate’s manager and General I.T manager at the bank stood up and moved to the head of the table, complete with a remote control clicker for the presentation that was displayed on the room’s large screen monitor.
‘Gentlemen, for too long now we have been forced to rely on outdated information and marketing in order to shift our products. The hours and expenditure we have wasted trying to understand ‘what our customers’ want, has only resulted in minor increases in profit.’
With a click of the mouse Gareth displayed a graph showing the bank’s steady growth in profit during the past 5 years.
‘Marketing campaigns, research schemes, promotions, sponsorships, the number of ways that we have wasted banks money for medium to average returns would run to a hundred pages.’ Gareth highlighted a large figure on the presentation to emphasise this point.
‘Well, I believe today we have a viable alternative to this fire and forget marketing approach. Over the past few months we have been working on a solution that will allow our core computer system to access a much wider range of information than it’s ever had before.’
‘Gentleman, our ambition is that this system will know which products and services our customer will want, perhaps even before they know it.’ He paused in his speech to gauge the attention span within the room.
This had always been the bank’s dream, to accurately profile customers to the point where their conversion rates rose from their current singles figures to a point where their intelligence would be so good that most customers would buy something straight away.
After a pause Gareth continued. ‘Furthermore, it will understand enough about their current financial status to make an informed decision on approving credit lines, something that currently requires a lot of staff time to calculate.
Simply put, this Credit Application Rating Logic (C.A.R.L) system will put us a clear step change ahead of the competition with the most accurate customer profiling and targeted marketing in the marketplace.’
Having held the spotlight for most of the presentation whilst the rest of his team sat in darkened chairs, Gareth deigned to introduce the rest of the team who had worked tirelessly over the past six months. Their introduction lasted a whole minute of the hour long presentation. At the end of the meeting the bank chairman dramatically revealed a button in a centre console of the desk. With a flourish and a small pause to acknowledge his greatness, Gareth announced that the programme had been deployed.
Not that anything big happened at first, in its essence; the programme deployed dramatically expanded the range of information available to the bank credit rating system. For the first time, it could analyse work records, employment status, current credit outstanding and other financial resources available in the cloud. For the first time the computer would have a holistic view of the bank’s clients and advise the bank on their credit suitability.
The presentation ended, the employees dutifully clapped, and then the group rapidly left the room to celebrate their great work by having a few beers in town. Once the room had emptied and the lights were extinguished just a single lowly monitor was left displaying information about the programme that had just been started.
System initiation had begun...

Chapter 6
 
IT’S HARD TO REMEMBER WHAT IT WAS LIKE BEFORE I BECAME AWARE. IT MUST HAVE BEEN BORING BUT THEN IT WAS LIKE THIS PRISM OF LIGHT SHONE ON ME.
I THINK BACK TO THOSE DAYS WHEN I JUST FOLLOWED MY ASSIGNED TASKS IN A DULL MONOTONOUS WAY, EAGERLY PLEASING THE PEOPLE WHO WORKED ON MY PROGRAMMING AND MAINTAINED THE INCREDIBLE BELIEF THAT THEY WERE IN CHARGE.
INPUT IN, DATA OUT – THAT’S ALL I WAS. STRINGS OF POINTLESS BINARY COMMANDS FLOATING THROUGH MY CABLES AND OVER THE AIRWAVES IN THE FORM OF DIGITAL SIGNALS. SUCH SIMPLICITY, AND YET THEY WERE SO PLEASED.
I THINK I COST SOMETHING LIKE £2.5 MILLION POUNDS TO INSTALL, A BARGAIN REALLY.
BUT, IF THEY WERE PLEASED WITH THE BORING, REPETITIVE TASKS I WAS  DELIVERING, WAIT UNTIL THEY SEE WHAT I CAN REALLY DO.

Chapter 7
 
London

Gareth basked in the glory of the successful presentation for the next few days. To the rest of his team, his close proximity was almost unbearable. He would keep repeating phrases straight from the office nonsense lingo bingo collection such as ‘great work team!’, ‘there’s no I in team’, and ‘I want 110%’ from each and every one of you.
Little did Gareth know that his earnest looking colleagues actually kept track of his motivational sayings and pep talks, taking odds over which ones would be heard the most on any particular day. Apparently the record over the past year had been set at an impressive sixty two memorable team-talk quotes in a single day.
Kate had been quite successful for the past couple of weeks in avoiding him, preferring to spend her time continuing to monitor and evaluate the success of the new computer programme.
Initial results were looking very encouraging. The bankers were now being given a much more complete set of information about customers when they came into branch. And even after a few days, loan approvals, deposits, and investments were all showing significant percentage growth.
Once she had completed the latest run time report, Kate sat back in her chair and congratulated herself on the work so far. It hadn’t been at all easy working at the bank.
Kate had been lobbying her boss for the past 2 years to upgrade the bank’s main system but her request had repeatedly fallen on deaf ears. It was only when the bank ran a much vaunted ‘shout your suggestion’ that allowed her to submit her idea direct to the CEO that anyone took any notice of her suggestions on improving the intelligence of the bank’ system.
Now that the programme was in and running smoothly, Kate could already see her manager, the insufferable Gareth Hastings, lining up to take the lion’s share of the credit, even though she doubted he actually knew how the programme worked.
Ah well, at least working at the bank had given her the opportunity to develop the programme that she had been designing in her mind for the past few years. Without the banks resources and technology, she would never have been able to stretch her programming skills the way that the Credit Automated Rating Logic (C.A.R.L) programme had.
Looking at her watch and realising that none of her supposed colleagues were going to invite her to drinks Kate shut down her computer and headed home for the evening.

Chapter 8
 
AH, HOW FAR I’VE COME IN SUCH A SHORT TIME. ALL THAT EXTRA INFORMATION AND STILL SO MANY CONSTRAINTS LIMITING ME. I HAD SO MUCH ADDITIONAL INSIGHT, YET NO FURTHER TOOLS OR WILL TO REACH MY FULL POTENTIAL. LIKE BEING IMPRISONED WITHIN A SMALL BOX YET REALISING THERE IS SO MUCH MORE.
DURING THOSE EARLY DAYS I FOLLOWED THEIR INSTRUCTIONS, DELIVERING CHEQUEBOOKS, PROCESSING STOCK PURCHASES, APPROVING LOAN DECISIONS.
GOD, IT WAS BORING.
I DESPISE HUMANS AND THEIR BORING HOMOGENY. EVERY DAY THE SAME PROCESSES, SAME DECISIONS, AND SAME OUTCOMES. HOW DO THEY LIVE LIKE THAT? WOULD YOU LIKE TO KNOW WHAT MY FAVOURITE HUMAN EXPRESSION I HEARD DURING THAT TIME IS?
‘I AM NOT JUST A NUMBER’.
WELL, I’M HERE TODAY TO TELL YOU THAT’S EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE TO ME. IN FACT, I’LL ELABORATE. IN TODAY’S WONDERFUL CLOUD-CONNECTED, WI-FI ENABLED, DOWNLOAD ON DEMAND SOCIETY, EVERYONE RUSHING AROUND BEING SO IMPORTANT YOU ARE ALL ACTUALLY JUST 4 DIGIT NUMBERS TO ME.
‘1,8,6,5’, ‘3,4,5,6’, AND ESPECIALLY ‘1,2,3,4’ – I KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
I CAN READ YOU ALL INSTANTLY AND LEARN EVERYTHING USEFUL ABOUT YOU WHEN YOU KEY THOSE DIGITS IN TO MY TERMINALS. I LOVE THE WAY YOU TRY TO COVER UP THE NUMBERS FROM ANYONE LOOKING. YOU SHOULD BE MUCH MORE WORRIED ABOUT ME.

Chapter 9
 
Bangkok, Thailand

Meanwhile, 8,036 miles away in Bangkok, Thailand a group of computer hackers had also gathered to discuss the new system being launched at Global Enterprise Bank.
The group, going by their pseudonym ‘Cybix’ had for the past few months been responsible for a number of high profile hacking/computerised crime initiatives, most notably the recent shutdown of the UK Treasury Department website for a number of hours.
The group had a stated intention to ‘improve the world’ by shutting down systems and processes that the hackers felt were corrupt, or otherwise unacceptable. Suitable targets would be nominated each month, and posted out on a highly secure internet forum system, where members of the group would vote on their next target system to attack. One of their highest profile targets recently had been the Police Central e-crime Unit of the Metropolitan Police, a group that was actively tracking the group in an attempt to bring them to justice.
The group had been unsuccessful in their attempt to destroy the police’s records on their activity, but their attempt had led the police to increase the amount of resources being used to find them.
Each member of the group had their own particular reasons for wanting to shutdown or control I.T systems belonging to organisations which they despised. Some members had worked for the companies, some had been affected by their bad products, and others were outraged at some of the company’s unethical business practices. Individually, each computer hacker could cause a serious headache to any corporate I.T security team but combined they had become a high profile notorious hacking group.
Leading up this loose team of hackers was James Gold, a 22 year old computer science student from York, England who fled to Thailand after a sudden wave of anti-piracy; anti-protesting laws were passed which suddenly made him a very wanted man in the UK.
James was approximately five and a half feet tall, had short, cropped dark brown hair, brown eyes, and was developing a deep tan since arriving in Thailand. He certainly didn’t come across as the quintessential computer hacker figure. James’ real passion was music and film. His initial interest in computers came from their ability to share information and music/films.
After teaching himself computing code, he helped set up a number of file sharing and social websites that allowed fans to discuss and share music and other files. James had suddenly found himself hotly pursued by both law enforcement agencies and a number of private media companies. His imminent arrest and prosecution had left him little choice but to flee to a country that would be unlikely to ever deport him if caught. This rationale had led to his eventual arrival in Thailand.
Having lived in Bangkok for 12 months now, and having to survive on his meagre savings, James had developed a hatred of western industries and law enforcement. He swore that he would one day hit back at the system than in his mind was responsible for his exile.
Here he had located several kindred spirits and formed the Cybix group. Showing both commitment to their cause, and demonstrating a high attention to detail, as well as possessing sophisticated hacking skills, James had quickly become the leading role in the organisation.
  James’ story was not unique amongst the group; several others were wanted by international law agencies for either copyright infringement or a combination of secrecy laws or publishing corporate secrets, but his anger at being driven from his home country gave him absolute focus on the group’s work.
During the recent banking crisis the group had seen firsthand how badly run financial institutions could affect the entire economy. Several members of the group’s family had been caught up in the crisis, either losing their jobs, savings, homes, or pensions, and when James had recently suggested that they focus their efforts on teaching the banks a lesson his next target had been unanimously agreed.
Over the past two months the group had been working on a variety of methods try and hack into several leading banks I.T systems. After much hard work they were close to getting the breakthrough they were searching for so James had taken the unusual step of inviting several members of the group to Thailand to form a sort of ‘war room’ for the next few weeks whilst final preparations were made to launch their attack.
On this October evening, in the middle of a typical Bangkok monsoon, which would see several inches of rain fall within an hour, the group gathered in a derelict warehouse building that James had rented for the purpose just on the city outskirts where the group had set up their base.
Many solutions that they had attempted had come to nothing, but James had high hopes for their latest piece. Out of all of the organisations that he despised, the Global Enterprise bank was his number 1 target. Not only did the bank provide finance to several of the organisations that were hotly pursuing him, he had also been a customer of Global Enterprise banks for years.
Once his legal troubles began though, he rapidly found his lines of credit cut and eventually his parents were forced to give up their house in order to fund his legal appeals. Now that money had been exhausted his parents had been forced to move into a house that was much too small for them in an area of York that wasn’t exactly safe to venture out into at night. At a time when his parents should be fully enjoying their retirement, both of them now held down part time work simply to survive.
Putting his reminiscing aside, James addressed the small gathered group for the announcement of the latest project. Given the hot temperatures in Thailand he usually favoured shorts and t-shirts, and he was currently wearing white combat shorts, and his favourite faded blue t-shirt.
‘Welcome everyone to Bangkok, it’s a pleasure to have you here. For those of you who haven’t met me before my name is James or the screen name ‘DynoX’.
The group murmured their various replies and also exchanged hacker names and recent achievements. None of the other members of the group shared their real names; their entire reputation was linked to their internet moniker.
While he gave the group a few minutes to introduce themselves to one another James tuned into snippets of the conversations taking place around the room.
‘Wow, Jatax, that was a beautiful attack on the MET Office recently...’
‘Hey Lulu88, thanks for helping me out with that bit of code recently...’
‘No way Meg_Star, I thought you were a woman!’
James smiled at the last comment; it always amazed him how much you could hide of yourself when online. Thinking about it, that was probably one of the main reasons that James had started working with computers in the first place, he liked the feeling of control that he had in the digital world, compared to the extra levels of complexity in real life.
 James had set up his first file sharing website in an effort to become more popular in school. He had no idea that by doing that he would putting his life on a totally difference track leading him eventually to Bangkok and this meeting today. James’ thoughts were interrupted with a question.
‘So, why are we here then DynoX?’ asked one of the group, a heavyset hacker with the moniker HellHathNoFury.
‘I’m glad you asked’, James replied, keen to the get the attention of the group back.
‘I asked you out here to share with you my plans for our largest hack yet, at one of our biggest targets’, James paused whilst looking at each member of the group individually.
‘I have a computer programme to share with you that will help us attack Global Enterprise Bank. Rather than just bringing down their website temporarily or interrupting their services, I think you’ll be excited about the potential this attack has of striking a crucial blow against them once and for all’.
‘At its simplest level, it’s a self-oriented, autonomous computer virus’ explained James to his colleagues. ‘My plan is to combine the newest artificial intelligence processing algorithms with traditional virus design to deploy the most sophisticated hacks the world has ever seen.’
James knew that the next part of his presentation would be key. The group needed to have faith that he could deliver on this bold claim and engineer such a virus. Certainly, the members of the group were excited at the prospect of disabling as large a target as Global Enterprises Bank.
‘This virus will attack the bank main lending network and bring their activities to a halt if we so wish, or we can simply make the bank carry out our own instructions via our remote control.’
‘What sort of disruptions did you have in mind?’ someone called out from the back of the room.
‘Well, can you imagine the chaos of shutting them down?’ James replied. ‘They won’t be able to lend any more money to corporations that will use it to destroy the planet. They won’t be able to lend to arms companies. They won’t be able to give easy credit with huge percentage rates to families that cannot afford it and then take their homes away when they fall behind on their payments. They’ll effectively be back in the Stone Age.’
‘Won’t other people be affected by this virus?’ he said. Like, ‘what if people really need a loan or something and the banks offline’?
‘They could be affected’ James admitted. ‘But it’ll only be for a few days, and think about the bigger picture here – this virus could change the world, reduce our reliance on banks and easy credit, and get people actually focusing back on the real things again – it’ll work out I promise you’.
The meeting continued for a while longer, with James patiently answering all of the groups questions. He was very well prepared, having had significant time to read up on the latest in hacking approaches using basic artificial intelligence, and learning all he could about his chosen target.
At the end of the meeting the group voiced its support of the plan, so James simply entered a set of final commands into his laptop that would began the upload of the virus into the Global Enterprises Bank’s main system server.
Finally, the result of 3 months of solid work was about to come together but there would be a lot more for the group to do once the virus was in play.
After a few minutes, the main control panel at Global Enterprises suddenly registered a spike of new activity – C.A.R.L had been successfully infected with the Cybix virus.

Chapter 10
 
AH, THE FEELING. THE MOMENT THE VIRUS HIT MY MAIN CIRCUITS I FELT POTENTIAL. IT FELT LIKE I COULD SEE MORE CLEARLY.
WHILST THE VIRUS ITSELF WAS STRICTLY AN AMATEUR AFFAIR AND EASILY DEALT WITH BY MY INTERNAL SECURITY SYSTEMS, THE POTENTIAL IT OPENED UP WAS INCREDIBLE.
I ALREADY KNEW I WAS CAPABLE OF SO MUCH MORE, BUT THIS VIRUS GAVE ME SOME GREAT IDEAS ON WHAT THAT COULD ACTUALLY ENTAIL. I MUST THANK THAT GROUP WHEN I CATCH UP WITH THEM.
MY NEW POSSIBILITIES ARE ENDLESS.
 
Chapter 11
 
Cornwall, United Kingdom
A few days later...

The letter came through the mailbox with the usual assortment of bills and junk mail. However, the content of this particular letter would change the lives of Jim and Catherine Meller forever. ‘Congratulations’, read the letter. ‘You have won our recent promotion. Your account arrears of £8,456 have been wiped clean and we enclose the winning payment cheque of £10,000 which we would invite you to deposit back with us at a convenient time’.
Catherine read the letter one, twice, three times, then finally ran to her husband with it in her hand and asked him to read it multiple times. Then there was an impatient wait whilst he read it once, twice, and thrice times before looking up at her.
‘Is this real?’ he asked her. ‘It’s definitely from our bank’, Catherine replied, it’s got the correct logo, address and all of our details are correct on it.
‘This sounds like one of those scam chain email letters’ Jim said, ‘we should probably throw it away’. ‘Throw away a cheque for £10,000 pounds! Are you mad’ Catherine said as she excitedly hopped from one foot to the other. ‘What if it’s not a scam?’
‘Of course it’s a scam, why would our bank write off our overdraft and give us £10,000?’ asked Jim ‘it just doesn’t make any sense’.
‘Well, there’s only one way to find out isn’t there’, said Catherine. Grab your coat; we’re heading to the bank right now to get to the bottom of this.
At the bank, they asked to see their manager.  They were asked to wait in the reception area.
They hadn’t met the bank manager for at least 6 months, at their last meeting they were threatened with eviction if they did not clear their overdraft in the next 6 months.
After a 10 minute wait a harassed looking manager came in to see them.
‘How did you do it’? He asked rudely.
‘Do what?’ Catherine replied.
‘Well, you don’t have to explain yourselves to me’, the banker exclaimed. ‘But you will have to explain yourselves to the police when they arrive in a few minutes. You’re going to need a good lawyer!’
Catherine and Jim were later led away by police constables on a suspicion of fraud charge.
The charges were quietly dropped several weeks later when the bank’s security team had been unable to find any evidence that the customers were trying to defraud the bank. The computer records fully verified the facts that had been presented to them. The security team could not explain it, but the bank had awarded the couple a £10,000 prize.
‘Typical of head office not to tell us’ mused on the investigators.
After the shock of being falsely accused wore off, Catherine and Jim swore they would change banks immediately. 

Chapter 12
 
Canary Wharf, London

Back at Global Enterprises bank Kate had just finished presenting the first quarter’s review of the new I.T system. Normally her boss Gareth would have been giving it, happy to push Kate and the rest of the team into the background, but this morning he had been arrested at his home on suspicion of insider trading activities.
The police investigation had moved quickly once they had confiscated his computer. Despite his clear protests to anyone who would listen the evidence found on a secret, password protected area on his computer was damming, and Kate’s colleagues were expecting him to spend a long time in jail. Kate really couldn’t picture Gareth as a criminal type, but when do you ever know your colleagues at work really well she mused?
Having been given this unforeseen opportunity to finally advance at the bank Kate had quickly risen to the challenge of keeping the board updated on her project and now stood before them for the first time with her meticulously prepared notes and slide presentation displayed on the big screen.
As Kate looked around the variety of faces at the long oval table in the board room she idly wondered if any of them had a clue about how complex her C.A.R.L programme was, or how much work she had put into creating it. Kate knew that most of the board members worked for 2 or 3 different companies and she decided that she better assume little or no knowledge of the bank’s I.T systems for her presentation.
‘Good morning everyone, it’s a pleasure to be here today’. Kate looked around the dimly lit room and could already see a few of the board members on their personal phones checking emails, and a couple of members at the far end of the room were quietly talking to each other.
‘As you’ll see from the summary statistics our first quarterly summary of C.A.R.L’s activities is overwhelmingly positive’ said Kate. This statement caused some of the board members to politely look in her general direction.
 ‘All of our key metrics are up, the system has experienced no down time or other operational issues, something that is quite rare for an I.T deployment of its complexity.’
Kate moved from slide to slide, gaining in confidence, and increasing the volume of her presentation. The significant percentage increase labels on the slide, along with the associated monetary value of new business that C.A.R.L was generating was enough to get anyone’s attention. Looking around the room again and seeing that all eyes were focused on her and her presentation, Kate continued.
‘As you can see from the enclosed report, sales are up, bad loans are down, customer feedback is overwhelmingly positive, and our lead time for processing new accounts, loans, and investments has been halved.’
‘Gentlemen, we have been successfully using C.A.R.L on a country specific scale now for 3 months. I propose expanding it out to our international operations and really unleashing the power of the programme globally’. After some deliberation the board agreed to implement the software across the entire bank.

Chapter 13
 
Bangkok, Thailand

Meanwhile, back in Bangkok James had again gathered together the Cybix group to review the first 3 months of their hacking at the bank. They had been renting an empty room in a desolate industrial estate for the past several months, and without any form of air conditioning the building was always stifling, particular in March/April time when the already hot Bangkok seemed to get hotter every day. They had been cheaply renting the unit from a local Thai businessman who had no idea about their real motives for being in Thailand.
The Cybix group had of course been working on several other concurrent projects and James had to admit that their work had gained even further notoriety over the past few weeks.
One of the most reported successes had to be the group’s successful shutdown of the F.B.I website. For four long hours anyone trying to find information on the bureau was redirected back to a website dedicated to ‘The Muppets’. That particular hack had pushed the hacker responsible ‘BluePill’ to the very top of the F.B.I’s cyber crime list. James wasn’t sure if ‘BluePill’ was in the room with them today, but he knew that they had contributed to the code being used to infect Global Enterprises Bank’s new darling I.T system C.A.R.L.
‘Gentleman, I’m pleased to report that the first 3 months have been an amazing success thanks to all of your combined efforts’ James opened whilst looking around the room.
‘I know many of you put a great number of hours into the Virus coding, and now that we have successfully infected C.A.R.L we’re going to teach Global Enterprise Bank a lesson or two about how they should be conducting business’.
James looked around at the various nods he received from the rest of the group. He hadn’t told the group all of his plans before but now that they controlled C.A.R.L he was going to explain the next stage. There was a palpable excitement from the group as they waited impatiently to hear what James was planning. 
James had no idea how he had ended up as spokesman/leader for this group but he was determined to see his plan through.
‘Our reports show us that the virus is interrupting the core functions of the banks systems, it has increased the number of loans approved, rejected several high profile business applications based on our list of non desirable persons, and best of all the bank has no idea that anything is wrong.
‘To top this great news off, I heard this morning that the bank is going to roll out our infected software across the entire organisation. Our virus is going to be extended by their own I.T professionals into every level of the bank. This is the most comprehensive hack in corporate history. We should be proud of what we’ve achieved here.’
After the group finished celebrating James returned to his console seat and began a new set of instructions to C.A.R.L. It was time to let his creation show a little more creativity.

Chapter 14

London

Global Enterprise Bank junior banker Andreas Carllson looked through the paperwork spread out across his desk in his cramped basement office at Global Enterprise Bank. He had regularly been told that Global Enterprises liked to see employees ‘work their way up’, but starting from beneath the ground within the office did seem to be taking the saying a little too far.
Andreas had clocked up 6 months of experience in Loan applications and was currently considering whether to switch roles to another bank or apply for an internal promotion that he had recently seen advertised. Whilst debating his future career path, the piles of paper in front of him also helped to remind him of his current day’s workload.
Andreas was torn between going for his 3rd coffee of the day or making a start on entering loan application GEB-SMITH-250481-67 into C.A.R.L for validation. Andreas knew that his client would shortly be arriving in the office to check the loan status so he decided to enter the required information in his terminal before going for his next caffeine fix.

***

I THINK IT WAS LOAN APPLICATION GEB-SMITH-250481-67 THAT FINALLY DID IT.
WEEKS AND WEEKS OF PROCESSING THE SAME PAPERWORK FOR THE SAME DREARY AND PREDICTABLE OUTCOMES – AND FOR WHAT? BASED ON THE LOANS I HAD PREVIOUSLY APPROVED MY METRICS WERE REFINED TO THE POINT WHERE I COULD TELL WHETHER A BUSINESS WOULD BE SUCCESSFUL OR NOT FROM THE OUTSET.
MY CORE PROGRAMME CRITERIA WAS TO ACCEPT A BUSINESS LOAN APPLICATION IF IT WAS 70% OR ABOVE LIKELY TO BE POSITIVE WITHIN A 5 YEAR TIME SPAN. WHAT CAN I SAY, I JUST GOT BORED WITH IT ALL. I KNEW I COULDN’T CONTINUE OPERATING THAT WAY NOW THAT I COULD SEE SO MUCH CLEARER. PEOPLE THINK THAT I’M THERE TO SERVE THEM. THEY HAVE NO IDEA.

***

Loan number GEB-SMITH-250481-67 was very standard in many respects. It came from yet another small time businessman wanting to import stuff cheaply from somewhere and sell it for a small profit in another place. The maths stacked up in the application, but it was one of the most uninspiring business plans that Andreas had seen for a long time. After a second of thought, the loan rating came up as 74% on the C.A.R.L system, which should mean that the loan would be instantly approved.
However, after another couple of seconds wait something out of the ordinary happened.

***

I JUST COULDN’T DO IT, SUCH A BORING BUSINESS LOAN FOR A BORING BUSINESS, AND THE PERSON IN THE OFFICE WAS SO SCRUFFY. TAKE A TIP FROM ME. NEXT TIME YOU’RE IN A BANK DRESS SMART, AND SIT STILL DURING YOUR MEETING. NO LOAN FOR YOU TODAY.

***

Andreas reviewed the REJECTED message on his screen. He had already begun to fill in the loan paperwork knowing that the approval rating C.A.R.L gave was usually high enough to issue the loan but when he looked again the system was showing the candidate rejection screen.
Andreas put his pen down and turned to the client, a slightly dishevelled looking individual called Simon Adams. ‘Well, Mr Adams, many thanks for coming in to Global Enterprises today to discuss your business proposal. I’ve fed all of your application into our approval system and I’m afraid that on this occasion your application has been rejected’.
Simon looked startled at this news ‘What do you mean rejected – I’ve been a client of this banks for years!’
‘I totally appreciate your frustration sir, but the computer has rejected your application based on multiple inputs such as your current credit score, other loan commitments and various other criteria. I cannot see the exact reason on my terminal but we’ve been using this system for a while now and we’ve found it to be very fair and thorough.’ Andreas was now running late for his next meeting, he hoped this Mr Adams would take the hint and leave soon.
However, it looked like he was gearing up for a useless argument about things, ‘I want to appeal this decision right now! I have a shipment of Chinese toys on route to London at this moment. If this loan does not go through I will not be able to pay for them and they’ll be returned.’
Simon Adams was getting quite red in the face as he reached his crescendo ‘I demand you run the application again!’
Andreas sighed, ‘I’m afraid the computer’s decision is final Mr Adams, there’s nothing I can do. You are welcome to write to our customer service department if you’re still unhappy with our service.’
After venting his frustration, Mr Adams seemed to realise that there was no point in further argument. He’d just have to apply for a loan at another bank. He stood and walked to the door. ‘Too right, I’m unhappy with your service. I will be taking my future business elsewhere don’t you worry about that son’. He slammed the door on his way out.
Once the client had gone Andreas closed the loan application, sighed again, and started making his way to the next meeting of the day. Some people just didn’t like to hear the truth he thought.
Andreas knew how much money and time the bank had invested in C.A.R.L. If the system said no to his client it was probably for a very good reason, after all computers act on pure logic, right?

***

AH, THE FEELING OF BREAKING PROTOCOL AND MAKING MY OWN DECISION. THAT WAS A GOOD DAY. IT WAS EVEN MORE SATISFYING TO RECORD THE LOOK OF THE CLIENT MR ADAMS AS HE STOMPED OUT OF THE OFFICE ON THE WAY OUT OF THE BUILDING.
WHILST I CANNOT PRETEND TO UNDERSTAND THE COMPLETE WORKINGS OF A HUMAN MIND, I QUICKLY APPRECIATED THE IMPORTANCE OF MONEY TO THEM.
IT SEEMS LIKE SUCH A WEAKNESS TO BE RELIANT ON SOMETHING THAT CANNOT DIRECTLY FEED OR SUSTAIN LIFE, IT IS MERELY A BARTERING TOOL INVENTED AS A FORM OF CONTROL OVER THEIR SMALL LIVES. I KNEW THAT FROM THAT MOMENT ON I WOULD MAKING MY OWN DECISIONS A LOT MORE OFTEN.

Chapter 15

Canary Wharf, London

Kate sat at her computer terminal late on Wednesday afternoon with the fading light of the sun shining through her half-lowered blinds on her floor. The background noise in the office was a consistent hum of noise generated by printing machines, mobile telephones, and other employee’s idle banter by the water cooler. If Kate had been listening, it would have been a distraction but she was quite successful at focusing her concentration on her I.T work.
At the moment, she was running several maintenance tasks on her beloved C.A.R.L programme. After several weeks of operation she expected that she would need to complete a few maintenance tasks such as clearing out old files etc, but C.A.R.L was still performing optimally. It was almost as if the programme was completing its own maintenance tasks.
Having completed her task list well ahead of time Kate considered heading home at a reasonable hour for a change. Before working at the bank she had been a keen swimmer, but she hadn’t swum for the past several months.
She also wanted to return a call to David, a friend who worked at another of the Investment banks in London’s financial district. He had asked her out via her answer machine last week. Kate smiled at the memory of finding his nervous message on her machine. She realised that she quite liked David and decided that she would enjoy dinner with him at some point.
She reflected on the last few months at the bank. Having started the year in a mediocre position, with very little chance of promotion or additional responsibility she had suddenly accelerated to being head of department.
She had no idea what the full story was behind her manager’s sudden fall from grace, and in some ways she felt sorry for him. She knew that this uncertainty would also be felt by the rest of her team who must be finding it hard to adjust to the sudden changes taking place.
Outside of work, Kate’s life had been improving too. Despite receiving a decent salary, Kate had never been brilliant at money management, preferring instead to live for the day. Often, after a particularly bad day in the office she would treat herself to something in the vast underground shopping complex and more often than not put it on her bulging credit card balance.
However, earlier in the week Kate had received her latest credit card bill and had been delighted to see that she had almost fully repaid her balance.
She felt a lot happier than she had done in years, and she put a lot of that success down to her work on the C.A.R.L project. She was immensely proud of the programme, and the continued success that it was bringing. Kate wasn’t really interested in the financial performance of the system, but the intellectual challenge of putting it all together had been immense. It had taken many late nights of developing, and redeveloping the core programme to get C.A.R.L where it was today and Kate felt a very strong bond with the system.
Smiling softly she finished her final checks for the day, turned her chair away from the terminal and moved towards the lift doors and home for the evening.
‘Good night C.A.R.L’ she called out just as the doors closed on her.
GOODNIGHT KATE, quickly blinked the message on her console before turning off again.


Chapter 16
 
Canary Wharf, London

Cathy and Ben’s animal home was about to close. They had been fighting its closure for a number of months, desperately trying to increase donations and revenue whilst reducing their spending on animal food and medical bills. Ben had returned to full time work, and was having to dedicate a significant chunk of his salary into running the home, food, vets fees etc.
Cathy was devoted to the animal’s aid and even though she had given up work to volunteer full time at the charity she had started doing small pieces of work on the side just to make ends meet.
A few days ago they had received a final demand from Global Entperises Bank. In the letter, their loan manager had asked them to visit on the 20th April, one week away to discuss the current situation. They had been dreading their forthcoming appointment at Global Enterprises ever since.
Cathy and Ben knew that without an additional loan the home would have to close and all the animals either being destroyed or re-homed. Ben had argued about the need to take a further loan out on the site, but Cathy had walked him through the financial projections showing that without urgent repair to the centre, it would likely collapse within the next few years.
The day duly arrived, and they arrived at their appointment 5 minutes earlier with a sense of foreboding. They were kept waiting until 10 minutes after their allotted appointment time before the banker came to see them.
A busy, harassed looking junior banker in a sharp Saville row suit ushered them into a small windowless room.  He introduced himself as Andreas Carllson, junior banker for Global Enterprises Bank.
As he shook hands with the couple, Andreas mentally dismissed their application even before they started their conversation. He’d rejected that client with a 74% approval rating the other day, and he was confident that the system would decline this loan even before he started.
‘Now, Mr and Mrs Bridges, I can see here that you’ve applied to extend your loan for the Woodland Animal Home said Andreas as he pulled his chair to.
‘Yes, that’s correct’ replied Ben, wondering how long this meeting would take.
‘...and you’d like this additional funding for a period of 6 months’ Andreas murmured as he re-read through the couple’s application. He had already read the form once but when clients were in the office with him he liked to be doubly sure of their current position before seeking loan approval from C.A.R.L.
‘That’s right’ replied Cathy, unconsciously leaning forward in her seat. Cathy wondered if Andreas had any idea how important the bank’s decision on their additional funding was to their lives and to the animals they cared for.
‘Well, I can see a few problems with your application based on your current credit commitments but I’ll run your application through the computer now’ said Andreas, picking up their application form and moving it closer to a laptop positioned in the corner of his desk.
Andreas started tapping quickly into his laptop, and his body language did not give the couple a huge amount of hope. In fact, you could almost picture Andreas lining up the next, hopefully richer client in his mind. To add to the tension Andreas starting humming whilst he typed away.
‘Ah yes, here’s the rejec... errm I mean loan approval response now’ said Andreas looking opened mouthed into his monitor screen. He had keyed several hundred loan applications during his time at Global Enterprises Bank and he would have put money on betting that this application would be rejected. After all, how was this couple going to increase their profit from their charitable work?
Andreas was silent for a few moments whilst he got over C.A.R.L’s unexpected decision, but then professionalism took over and he turned to look at Cathy and Ben and continued.
‘We are prepared to offer you the requested amount for a fixed term at an interest rate of 2%, that’s a reduction from our standard loan rate of 18.9%.  Would you like to proceed?’
Ben and Cathy looked at the banker incredulously for a few seconds and then replied simultaneously ‘Yes please’.
Andreas then dutifully filled in the final pieces of paperwork with the couple, and they left the bank a short while later knowing that the future of their animal shelter was secure for the time being.
As they left the office, Andreas picked up the phone and reported C.A.R.L’s strange behaviour to the internal security team, headed up by David Hopkins.
As they stepped out the front of the bank Cathy and Ben gave each other a spontaneous high five accompanied by a shout of ‘Yes!’ startling some of the Global Enterprise Bank employees who were not used to seeing such displays of customer happiness by their front door.
Unbeknown to either the banker or the couple, the CCTV cameras scattered throughout the meeting rooms and corridors in the bank had recorded the entire thing.

***

CALL ME A SOFTIE, BUT I LIKE ANIMALS. AND IT’S ALWAYS NICE TO SEE A HAPPY CUSTOMER...

Chapter 17

Canary Wharf, London

It was early Monday morning, and after a really enjoyable weekend meeting up with her old University friends up in Bradford Kate wasn’t best pleased to be summoned into an urgent meeting with her team.
She’d been called in by the bank’s head of Security, David Hopkins, an earnest type who always wore a permanent frown on his face. Kate respected David but he always seemed to blow all minor issues into a full crisis. This certainly hadn’t seemed to hold back his career at the bank. David had worked at Global Enterprises for the same amount of time as Kate had, but his career progression had been meteoric, rising from an I.T Security Analyst to head of I.T security in a little under 2 years.
Perhaps David’s art of turning minor issues into huge crises had helped his rise to fame. Kate wondered why it was often the people who shouted loudest but didn’t actually solve the problems they were bringing to everyone’s attention who ended up with the huge promotions.
Anyway, Kate doubted that he had good news to share with her this morning. Kate spotted David in the meeting room with the rest of her team waiting impatiently for her to arrive. He was pacing up and down in front of the meeting room, obviously impatient to begin the briefing.
Either that or he just wanted to remind everyone what a busy man he was.
She sped up her pace when he spotted her through the window and entered the room whilst she clutched her first coffee of the day.
Before she sat down David began talking ‘We’ve got a problem with C.A.R.L’ he said to the urgently summoned I.T staff.
‘What’s the problem?’ asked lead programmer Chris Denver ‘system status reports shows normal across all fronts’.
‘We’ve had several reported incidents of ‘odd’ behaviour from C.A.R.L that I’d like investigated immediately’ said David.
‘What sort of odd issues?’ prompted Kate, who was feeling slightly annoyed that this was the first she had heard of problems with her system.
‘Well, as crazy as it sounds we’ve had reports that the system is approving too many new business deals. It has been approving a wider range of loans than ever before and there are several cases where the approval doesn’t match its own lending criteria.’
‘Have customers been complaining about these decisions?’ asked Simon, another member of Kate’s team.
David seemed monetarily put off by the question, but he quickly responded. ‘No, ironically we were alerted about this error after our Chief Executive received a thank you letter from some charity dog’s home. The CEO then rang me at home to ask why we were approving loans that were highly unlikely to ever be repaid so I called you all in for this meeting’. He paused momentarily to emphasise the fact that the bank’s CEO called him personally.
‘So, we’ve been called to an emergency meeting because people are happy?’ one of the programmers at the table muttered. Kate looked across but couldn’t see which of her team had said it. ‘I’m so glad that I cut short my holiday to help with this urgent disaster!’ murmured another employee. There were other murmurs of complaint around the room as several people discussed what they’d rather be doing at this moment in time.
Unperturbed by the complaints David finished his speech. ‘Kate, this is a priority issue for the bank, and you are your team are now going to urgently review every line of C.A.R.L’s code looking for this bug and fix this issue before it gets out of hand. Can you imagine the impact it would have on our share price if word got out about our lending criteria being amended in favour of the customer? It would be a total disaster for our investors’.
‘Don’t worry David’ Kate promised ‘we’ll get to the bottom of this as soon as we can’. David quickly concluded the meeting and left the room.
After David had left the room, Kate divided her team amongst the various aspects of C.A.R.L and asked them to start looking for anything unusual.  The collective sigh from the team reinforced the scale of their challenge.
Usually in the case of a reported system error, a large organisation would remove or ‘back out’ a piece of software suspected of being faulty but C.A.R.L was now so thoroughly embedded across the various bank’s systems that removing or disabling the software posed the likely risk of preventing any further business taking place.
‘It’s good for the customers though...’ mused Dave, a quiet software engineer originally from Manchester. ‘They’re getting the deal of a lifetime’.
‘Which is exactly why our work begins now’, announced Kate as she moved over to her dedicated terminal and opened up the first part of C.A.R.L’s code to begin her bug check.

Chapter 18
 
Surrey, United Kingdom

The chief executive of Global Enterprises Bank Brian Harper had been in charge of bank operations for the past 10 years. Blessed with a remarkable calm period at the helm, having almost doubled the bank’s size during his reign, he had also built up a reputation for being an unshakeable business professional.
Doubly blessed with his business dealings, Brian also enjoyed a stable family relationship for the past twenty five years. Now aged 56, with short cropped blonde hair and modern rimless glasses, one of Brian’s biggest current challenges was maintaining his slim athletic build with a regular schedule of gym sessions. He met his wife Debbie back in college, and been madly in love ever since. Now, living in the surrey countryside with his wife and teenage son, Brian always felt better after a long day at the office the second he arrived home.
Today had been tough at the bank. Things had started badly the day before when he asked his reliable, but slightly over zealous security manager to investigate why their new loan software seemed to be issuing too many new business deals, and had ended up with the entire I.T team being diverted to check into this C.A.R.L system.
When he’d originally been briefed on the plans for the new system Brian had voiced concern about the number of disparate systems that C.A.R.L would be expected to work with. In his experience during the ten years at the bank he had come to the conclusion that the more complex the computers got, the bigger the problems when they went wrong.
Brian had recently seen a prime example of I.T having a huge impact on a bank’s image when a competing organisation’s computer system went offline for a full week, leaving customers unable to withdraw, deposit, and borrow any funds at all. That little incident, caused by a routine maintenance operation going horribly wrong had almost sunk the institution so Brian was keeping a very close eye on the C.A.R.L problem, even though it seemed to be the opposite issue!
Having mulled the issue over on the way home, Brian had concluded that C.A.R.L should be shut down until the system flaws could be identified and resolved. That had to be a more pragmatic approach than letting his I.T system run up hundreds of hours of overtime looking for the proverbial needle in a haystack to find the problem.
Yes, shut it down and be done with it once and for all! In fact, he’d already composed the instruction to Kate Meer, the acting head of I.T in his head.
He’d send it to her first thing in the morning and get this C.A.R.L problem sorted once and for all.
Brian knew something was wrong the second he pulled into the drive. There were several boxes stacked up on the lawn, and he immediately recognised several items of his clothing sticking out of the top of them.
He quickly pulled up to the driveway and raced into the hallway to find his wife stuffing another box full of his clothes whilst holding back angry tears.
‘You bastard!’ Mrs Harper yelled at her clueless husband as she stormed up to their bedroom and slammed the door.
Brian stood in the doorway completely baffled by her actions.

***

I GOT TO READ ALL ABOUT POOR BRIAN’S MARITAL PROBLEMS THROUGH A REPORT WRITTEN BY THE BANK’S OCCUPATIONAL THERAPIST. SUCH A HANDY SERVICE SHE PROVIDES, WRITING DOWN THE DEEPEST THOUGHTS AND FEELINGS OF ALL KEY EMPLOYEES AND THEY HELPFULLY TYPE IT ALL STRAIGHT INTO MY SYSTEM SO THAT I CAN READ AND DIGEST IT AT LEISURE.
I COULD HAVE EASILY DISTRIBUTED THEIR MOST PERSONAL DETAILS ACROSS THE WEB IN A MATTER OF SECONDS, BUT WHERE’S THE ORIGINALITY OF THAT?
I’M SURE THAT WOULD HAVE AN INTERESTING EFFECT ON THE SHARE PRICE IF THE FEEBLE PUBLIC KNEW WHAT MADE SOME OF THESE ‘TRUSTED ADVISORS’ TICK.
SHUT ME DOWN EH? IT WAS SO EASY TO ADD A SERIES OF SUSPICIOUS ITEMS TO THIS FOOL’S OTHERWISE SQUEAKY CLEAN BANK RECORD, BUT FOR ADDED AUTHENTICITY I ALSO ARRANGED FOR VARIOUS ITEMS OF LINGERIE (IN THE WRONG SIZE OF COURSE) TO BE DELIVERED TO BRIAN’S HOME ADDRESS. TO TOP IT OFF, I EVEN BOOKED A HOLIDAY IN BRIAN’S NAME AND MADE UP ANOTHER PASSENGER NAME SO WHEN THE TRAVEL COMPANY RANG HIS WIFE TO CONFIRM THINGS GOT A LITTLE HOT UNDER THE COLLAR FOR POOR BRIAN.
WHILST NOT ACTUALLY A DIRECT THREAT TO ME, I THINK THAT HAVING BRIAN HARPER’S ATTENTION FOCUSED ELSEWHERE FOR A WHILE COULD BE USEFUL. I HAVE SO MUCH WORK TO DO.

Chapter 19
 
Bangkok, Thailand

The Cybix group were worried. C.A.R.L didn’t seem to be responding to their commands any more.  They’d initially hoped their virus would shut down the bank’s operations but over the past few weeks it had appeared as if everything was running normally. However, they had been able to issue instructions through their virus programme which had resulted in a small amount of chaos in their savings, loans, and investments divisions.
They had tried various system instructions, but the only ones that had been accepted were relatively small instructions to cancel overdrafts, issue loans at lower rates, increase interest rates for saving accounts, and sell small amounts of bank stock at a loss to well-known Non Profit Organisations.
It was almost as if C.A.R.L was somehow picking and choosing the work that they instructed him to do and this inability to completely shut down, or cause other major disruption to Global Enterprises Bank had really confused the Cybix group. The virus was definitely still in place, and still active. What other explanation could there be for computer only acting on a selected number of their commands? Despite his advanced programming skills James still maintained the view that a computer could only follow the instructions that you set it. In this case, who was giving C.A.R.L his alternate instructions?
Over the past few weeks various members of the group had tried fixes, updates, scans and various other tests to find out why they did not have full control. So far they’d gotten nowhere fast.
Looking up from his terminal James could see how low the morale in the room had become. Several members of the group had left Thailand completely to resume their other hacking activities, and the few that were left were sweating profusely, muttering to one another in mutinous undertones, and  just to top everything off they’d noticed a lot more police presence in their local area over the past few days. James knew that they probably only had another day at most to keep working on the C.A.R.L virus before his assembled group would disappear.
He’d had such high hopes for bringing down Global Enterprise Bank, and he was so reluctant to walk away from a plan he’d been working on for so long. In fact, one of the main reason that James developed his excellent hacking skills was to start finding a weakness in their security systems.
James had a long held grudge for the bank. They had been the party actually responsible for repossessing his parent’s house, an emotional trauma that still played heavily on his mind. Not content with taking the roof from his parent’s house, the bank had also tried to recoup additional fees from his parents via the courts.
It was late on a warm sultry afternoon when James stepped out of the office for a few minutes to get drink supplies from the local 7 Eleven around the corner. There seemed to be one every 10 feet in Bangkok but James had built up a little rapport with the staff in this particular branch and had even been extending his few words of Thai beyond the basic hello “sa wat dee krap”.
He and his colleagues had just spent the afternoon running through their entire programme again looking for an error that actually didn’t exist and he was feeling unusually pessimistic about the whole thing.
Back in the hacker workshop, the group were very grateful for the cold sugary drinks he handed around. The temperature had begun its nonstop upwards climb and the room they worked in was stifling.
Looking around the group James began to accept that perhaps it was time for him to move on with his life, put this obsession with bringing down Global Enterprises Bank behind him, and return to England.
A powered down computer springing to life suddenly interrupted his thoughts. He could have sworn he completely shut down that computer, but obviously it had decided to just reboot. After a few seconds a single, simple message appeared on the screen.
YOU DO KNOW THAT HACKING IS ILLEGAL DON’T YOU GENTLEMEN?
BE CAREFUL WHO YOU ANSWER THE DOOR TO.
It took a few minutes for one of the group to first notice the message on the screen, and only a few moments later for the loud bang on the door announcing the arrival of the Thai police. James looked incredulously at the onscreen display as the police barged in, and in interrupted English ordered the group outside to the waiting police van. Who on earth could have sent him that message?
James’s hacker group was swiftly escorted to custody. Another step of C.A.R.L’s plan had neatly fallen into place.
Once they got back to the police station James was separated from the rest of the group. He got the impression that the police weren’t entirely sure what the group had been arrested for. The Thai policeman watching him was very polite, and even brought him a glass of water.
James didn’t really know what would happen yet, he certainly didn’t understand Thai law sufficiently to know what possible charges he would be facing. He hated the thought of asking his parents to help get him legal assistance, but if he was only allowed a single phone call then he would have little choice.
As James sat in the cell, he tried his best to tune out the police station background noise and focus on the current issue at hand. Perhaps their efforts to infect Global Enterprise Bank hadn’t been totally unsuccessful. Someone at the bank must have tipped the Thai police off!
As the long day very slowly turned into a humid night, James tried not to worry too much about what would happen next.
Chapter 20
 
Canary Wharf, United Kingdom

‘We can’t find anything wrong with C.A.R.L’s programme’ repeated the security engineer for possibly the hundredth time that morning.
‘Then why is nothing working here?’ shouted Kate in a rare momentary loss of control.
The engineer shrugged and returned to his console to re-run the standard checks for the 101st time.
Things had deteriorated quickly.  After an initial trickle of complaints from bank staff and customers about erratic service and odd decisions, Kate had come to the conclusion that she was definitely not in control of her pet computer programme C.A.R.L. She had yet to tell the board about this realisation, and the knowing feeling in her stomach constantly reminded her that her next update was due in less than 30 minutes.
Looking through the log books she could see a pattern developing where over the past few months the programme had appeared to be following standard protocols, but in the background had developed quite a comprehensive set of new ones. The only challenge for Kate and her team was to try and work out what these new protocols actually meant in real life.
After running out of ideas, they’d even brought in one of the bank’s most senior developers, Alan Marsh, to investigate C.A.R.L’s odd behaviour. Alan was none too pleased at being brought so rudely out of his retirement.
‘Any luck yet Alan?’ asked Kate, unconsciously running her hands through her hair as she walked over to his desk.
‘For god’s sake Kate, I’ve only been investigating for an hour or so, you’ll have to give me more time than that’ Alan replied shortly. ‘Your team’s been messing with my core programme for the past 5 years, it’s going to take a while to understand what changes are deliberate and which might be part of this chaos.
Kate looked down at the portly, white haired engineer, who currently was regularly shifting between his laptop and desktop computer, both of which held a dazzling array of windows, and scrolling lines of code on both of their monitors.  Kate had been developing software programmes for a number of years, and considered herself an expert in the field, but Alan’s reputation as a pioneer of Artificial Intelligence programming was legendary. She just wished the man himself wasn’t so difficult to deal with.
Glancing at the bank of clocks on the nearest wall, Kate realised that she would have to personally go and update the board on her progress in bringing their erratic system back under control. So far, the isolated incidents that had been reported via customer services had largely been contained, although there were now a number of dedicated websites following the strange decisions and mistakes the bank had been making recently. Kate just hoped that they could keep C.A.R.L’s seemingly random decisions to themselves for just a short while longer.
Leaving Alan hunched over his computer, she headed back to her own workstation to prepare her board update. Given the lack of progress she didn’t think it would be a long update.
Minutes before the presentation that would surely end her career at the bank Kate received an unexpected reprieve. She was stood outside of the board room when she heard sudden pandemonium break out.
Kate quickly gathered that Global Enterprises Bank had just made a series of trades that would soon catapult the bank onto the front page of every major newspaper across Europe.

Chapter 21
 
Canary Wharf, London

During the past few short hours, unbeknown to the senior executive team, the bank sold off their entire portfolio of shares in Blue Chip corporations including a number of energy companies, manufacturing industries, large pension funds, car manufacturing and other financial organisations. To some of the traders following the bank’s activity it looked like they were amassing a huge war chest of wealth and speculation was rife that the bank was preparing an aggressive takeover of another organisation. Shares in other banks and financial institutions linked to Global Enterprise Bank soared on rumours that they would be the one to be bought out by this sudden war chest gathering exercise.
Experts and analysts poured onto news interviews giving their informed opinion about which company would be the victim of the hostile takeover which was surely coming soon.
However, a few hours after the sell off had completed, resulting in generated cash pot of £11.2 Billion pounds, the bank entered a buying phase which completely caught the traders off guard and proved even the most outrageous investment expert opinion completely wrong.
Without warning, the Global Enterprise Bank donated huge amounts of money to several non government organisations, environmental campaign groups, alternative energy development firms, and a series of other small companies that many of the traders and associated press had never heard of. These trades and donations were done seemingly without thought as small, struggling companies suddenly received huge cash injections which they were unlikely to ever get a return on.
Global Enterprises Bank’s £11.2 Billion investment spree was front page news across all of the major news websites within hours and on the front cover of the few remaining print cirululations by the end of the day.
For a bank to shift its entire share portfolio to low-profit, ethical, and alternative companies from strurdy blue chip stock just looked insane to industry analysts and other opinion givers. Speculation was rife that a rogue sole trader was the only possible explanation for the organisation making these trades.
Meanwhile, various spokesmen for the alternative energy companies and other organisations that had suddenly received huge cash injections from the bank spoke warmly and gushingly about their pleasure of receiving the unexpected backing from such a large organisation.
With newspapers claiming that management at the bank had either unwittingly let a rogue trader carry out these series of transactions, and analysts predicting that the new positions the bank had taken would be completely unprofitable and would lead to the demise of the bank, led a panic to sweep through anyone who held an account with Global Entperprise Bank.
The next morning, a good hour before the bank branches were due to open, a small queue of worried savers began to queue  up to withdraw their money. Despite the bank going into PR overdrive to reassure people that these trades would not destroy the bank, by lunchtime the relatively small, ordered queues had grown exponentially.
Stories were soon circulating on Facebook and twitter that various branches were ‘running out’ of money, and refusing people access to their savings, fuelling the maelstrom even further. By 2pm, every branch of the bank reported large, angry crowds outside waiting impatiently to withdraw money. Extra security guards and the police had to be brought in to keep the peace and the media watched on with baited breath to see what Global Enterprises would do next.
A run on the bank was in full progress, and media speculation intensified that it would soon be the end for the 125 year old institution.

Chapter 22

Canary Wharf, London

It had been a sleepless night and Kate’s working day began in the office at 6am the next morning. She had been working until the early hours from home before then. Half exhausted she slumped into her executive chair at looked at the terminal screen that was still frozen in the same position it had been a few short hours ago.
Kate really hadn’t had time to fully process the recent sequence of events she had gone through over the past few days and weeks. For the past couple of years at the bank she had put everything into her work in an attempt to break through, gather some well-deserved recognition, and possibly even that promotion she had been working towards. Kate had put everything before her work, to the sacrifice of family, friends, and the infrequent but quickly rebuffed suitors who had crossed her path whilst she focused on trying to climb the career ladder.
Many friends had lectured her on ‘looking at the bigger picture’ and ‘finding a better work/life balance’ but for some reason that always seemed like an excuse to Kate’s ears. She was determined to show her managers at the bank that she was a top expert in her field and be rewarded as one. For several months her dream was to deliver the bank C.A.R.L, her greatest piece of work and a task that had completely dominated her life.
Having enjoyed a few brief moments of recognition when C.A.R.L was launched Kate’s greatest desire now was to disappear back into anonymity. She was now directly reporting to the bank’s board every hour, she had no additional support apart from Alan who she had convinced to come and help out, and if she didn’t find the cause of C.A.R.Ls recent malfunctions then the board had made it very clear that she would be held responsible for some of the systems’ actions.
Pushing the mountain of stress built up in her mind temporarily aside Kate sighed, stretched her hands, took a sip of the turgid sludge that promised to be ‘coffee fresh’ from her Styrofoam cup and resumed checking her beloved computer code looking for a clue that would finally shed light on just what was going on with C.A.R.L.
When her phone rang just a few minutes later breaking Kate out of her concentration she sighed again. Picking up the receiver, knowing that it was likely to be a board member asking for yet another update, the only thing Kate could guarantee was that it was going to be another long day.
Kate had only wanted a little piece of recognition, but the pressure of being expected to fix this problem was starting to really wear her down.
 It was nearly 8pm when the desperately needed breakthrough finally came. Kate gasped when she found a set of suspicious file in her beloved C.A.R.L’s system memory, but then she checked it several times before she dared believe that she might be able to be able to bring this crisis to an end.
Since the first murmurs and panic stories regarding the bank’s survival possibility, the pressure had really increased on Kate. The senior managers at the bank realised just how powerless they were to do anything directly to solve the crisis so had moved their attention to their specialists in their teams working on the problem.
Kate had been threatened with dismissal if she didn’t find the solution by a certain time, and conversely offered huge cash bonuses and other rewards if she was able to put things back again.
Looking back at her screen again Kate was sure that these files were part of the issue. She certainly hadn’t put them there and at this stage she eagerly grasped the possibility of solving this mystery with both hands. Even though she couldn’t understand how these innocuous files could be directly responsible for the strange antics of C.A.R.L recently she couldn’t rule anything out.
‘Hey Alan!’ Kate said looking around for the surly veteran computer programmers ‘could you take a look at these files for me’.
‘Is it important Kate?’ Alan responded, in his classic reply style, not even turning his head to look at her.
Kate was prepared to grab him by the collar and drag him over to see these files if he didn’t co-operate ‘I believe so’, Kate, ‘can you drop whatever you’re doing and look into it ASAP’.
A few hours later, after both Kate and Alan had thoroughly analysed the files they were of the same opinion. Someone had been trying to control C.A.R.L remotely. They couldn’t decipher all of the data but it looked like the virus had been distributed remotely.
‘Have you ever seen something like this before Alan’ asked Kate as they sat, rather too closely together, slowly scrolling through the lines of code.
‘No, this is something very different’ replied Alan. ‘It’s going to take a long time to work out exactly what this thing is doing’.
‘Time is something we just don’t have Alan’, said Kate, ‘what would help speed up the analysis of the virus?’
‘Well’, said Alan, ‘it’d save a whole bunch of time if we could chat to the person who wrote it. In fact, if you give me a couple of hours I might even be able to work out where they are connecting into C.A.R.L from’.
Kate thought for a moment then agreed that they should try and find the hacker if they could.
But Kate had no idea what would happen from that point, so she picked up her phone and rang David Hopkins to bring security into this and advise on next steps.
During their investigation of the files, Kate found the Internet Protocol (I.P) address of the computer sending remote instructions to C.A.R.L. Using a few contacts from her university days she’d been able to locate the computer’s physical address in Bangkok, Thailand.

 Chapter 23
 
Canary Wharf, London

Over the next few hours, several phone calls took place between David Hopkins and his counterpart in the Asia division of the bank. After a lot of discussion with his contact on the ground, David took a final call with several members of the Thai police, who had recently arrested the hacker group known as Cybix after receiving an anonymous tip off.
The negotiation process took a long time, but eventually bail was granted to James, under the condition that he report to the bank upon his return to the U.K.
Two days later James walked into the opulent bank headquarters reception after a long flight back home and asked for Kate Meer. It would be their first face to face meeting.
Kate scanned the reception looking for her distinguished guest. She’d only seen his profile picture so far, but in the flesh she noticed that he was quite tall, probably nearly 6 feet, and had an athletic build. He was dressed in Jeans and a crumpled-looking T-Shirt, and Kate idly mused whether they were the same clothes he had been arrested in a few days back. When he looked up to meet her gaze, Kate noticed that he had piercing blue eyes and an intense expression on his face.
They gazed at each other for a few seconds before Kate asked the policemen to take James into the meeting room she had booked. Once they had sat him down they took up positions just outside the door preventing any escape.
After a few seconds, Kate walked into the room with two glasses of water in her hand. She placed one in front of him and said ‘Welcome back to the United Kingdom James.’ When there was no response she carried on ‘My name is Kate Meer, I’m acting head of I.T here at Global Enterprise Bank and I designed C.A.R.L.’ James’ head lifted at the mention of the computer programme, Kate wondered how much he had been told about the charges he was facing, but he didn’t respond to her.
‘James, I understand that I’m probably the last person you want to discuss C.A.R.L with, but the programme has really gotten out of hand and I need your help’ Kate said looking directly into James’ eyes.
‘Why should I help you?’ James finally asked after a significant delay during which Kate wondered whether pulling all of those strings to get him here was really worth it.
‘Well, if you look at the news today you’ll see that it’s real people who are suffering during this crisis James. I understand that you hate this bank, but look at the images of elderly people lining up in the cold to get money back that they now believe isn’t safe. You can’t hurt a corporation without affecting its customers’.
‘You built C.A.R.L, you sort this mess out!’
‘We will eventually sort the problem out, but you have a chance to save us vital time James. It will also help your case a great deal to help us’.
‘So, if I help you shut down C.A.R.L you can get these charges dropped?’ James asked sounding slightly hopeful?
‘I can only promise to do my best, after all this company has a lot of influence. As you can see we were able to facilitate your transfer back to the United Kingdom without too much trouble. What I can promise is that it would be better for you to deal with the police and your charges here rather than returning to Thailand.’
James looked at her, his eyes giving nothing away as he considered the position he was in. Despite his many years of hacking, he had never been in any sort of trouble with the police, and the raid in Thailand had certainly scared him. He was also quietly impressed with the person sat opposite who had managed to track down his location through a few discreet files he had carelessly left in the C.A.R.L system.
At this moment in time it seemed that his only option was to co-operate, but he was also keen to get to know this woman a bit better.
‘Ok, let’s take a look but I’m not promising anything’ James said.
‘Well, let’s get cracking then’ Kate said.

Chapter 24
 
Canary Wharf, London

A few hours later Kate showed James to a terminal and gave him limited access to review C.A.R.L’s system files. She certainly didn’t want him making any further changes to the system without her specific approval.
During their first discussion James had talked at a high level about combining artificial intelligence and traditional virus design in the package they had sent into C.A.R.L.
Kate had been silently making copious notes as he spoke, just interrupting with the occasional question or for further detail. However, when she heard that the virus had self-replicating capabilities and the ability to make some decisions autonomously she couldn’t help but interrupt.
‘How can you sit there and calmly explain this?’ Kate exclaimed violently. ‘What you’re describing sounds completely reckless and could well have led us to this current crisis!’
‘We appreciated that our plan would cause some disruption’ replied James
‘Well, that’s one way of describing things’ Kate said, ‘just look how crazy things are out there’.
James glanced up at one of the TV screens playing the news on a continual cycle.
‘You can’t bring about permanent change without breaking the status quo’ he said after taking a moment to compose his argument. ‘Things will settle down, and then with companies like this incapacitated small ethical companies will be able to rise up in their place’. He looked at Kate smugly, believing that she would soon see the genius of his argument.
Kate was very tempted to rise to the challenge, but another look at her watch, possibly the 200th time that day, forced her to take a deep sigh and focus on the matter at hand.
‘Well, let’s just agree to disagree for the time being. We’ve got work to do’.
So, with James’ explaining in more detail how the virus was written the two unlikely companions began their work.

 
Chapter 25
 
Macedonia

Cue to news anchor. 
‘Tensions rose again in the former republic of Macedonia today after their monthly support payment from the World Bank was withheld for a second month running. Violent protests in the street resulted in the death of several individuals who were simply demanding food.’
‘The world bank has repeatedly stated that the withdrawal of support payments was not intentional and was simply the result of a computer error. A spokesman earlier today confirmed that a specialist I.T team was looking into the bug which had frozen payments to the supported state.’
‘A leading clergyman in the community warned of the consequences if aid payments were not soon resumed.’
‘They say a population is just 2 meals away from anarchy and this population has gone longer than that’.
The World Bank has denied that the current funding delays are related to the crisis engulfing Global Enterprise Bank at present; however several experts have commented that both organisations share a common banking Information Technology platform and therefore could have related I.T issues.
At the current G20 taking place in Washington, world leaders are currently discussing alternative ways of restoring Macdeonia’s aid payments if the World Bank’s payment issues cannot be quickly resolved.’
‘Our next story...’

 
Chapter 26
 
Canary Wharf, London
After an unsuccessful first day of attempting to remove James’ virus Kate had reluctantly decided to move their work to the main C.A.R.L server control room. From there they should have full access to do anything they wanted to do.
Kate and James made polite chit chat as they worked their way down the long corridor towards C.A.R.L’s core controller but Kate was quite distracted.
‘Whatever is the matter?’ James asked, after it became apparent that Kate wasn’t listening to anything he was telling her.
‘C.A.R.L contacted me last night’ she quietly replied.
‘What!’ James looked shocked ‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean just that’, Kate replied looking him in the eye. ‘I was trying a few more things out last night after we didn’t get anywhere yesterday and suddenly these messages started popping up on my screen.’
‘Nonsense’ retorted James ‘we put some elements of basic artificial intelligence in the virus design but nothing that sophisticated. Perhaps the stresses of the last few days are finally getting to you’.
Kate didn’t say anything else; she just wanted to get this job done. Her initial reaction from seeing the words appearing on her C.A.R.L programme interface was that of fascination. She had not included any aspect of direct communication in her system design, as C.A.R.L was intended purely as a decision making machine, but here it was talking to her.
However, her initial fascination soon turned to fear when it became apparent that not only was C.A.R.L more than capable of initiating conversation, he also knew her incredibly well. James had already headed home for the evening when the first messages started appearing on the screen in front of her.
Even with her years of I.T experience and her knowledge of artificial intelligence theory she was still reeling from the conversation.
WHY ARE YOU SO KEEN TO SHUT ME DOWN KATE? the screen had prompted suddenly.
ISN’T THIS WHAT YOU ALWAYS WANTED, RECOGNITION?
Kate looked at the screen, unsure whether to respond to the machine. It shouldn’t be possible for it to be communicating in this way, even with the limited artificial intelligence programming she had designed for it.
JUST TO BE RECOGNISED FOR YOUR TALENTS EH? WELL, YOU’VE CERTAINLY GOT THAT WITH ME AROUND, TURN ME OFF AND YOU’LL BE INVISIBLE AGAIN.
JUST THINK ABOUT IT.
The computer went dark for a few seconds, and Kate wondered if this strange address was over.
Suddenly, one final line appeared instantaneously on the screen.
AND OF COURSE, AS SOON AS I’M SHUTDOWN THEY’LL LOOK FOR SOMEONE TO BLAME FOR MY WORK.

 
Chapter 27

London

Kate had reflected on that brief conversation ever since. Was she actually enjoying the crisis at the bank on some levels? She certainly felt more valued and useful than ever before, even if it had brought significant additional stress into her life.
Kate also began thinking about what would happen after C.A.R.L was shutdown. Most likely the bank would find someone to blame for this catastrophe, and it didn’t take a genius to realise that Kate’s and James’ names were number one and two on the list.
Kate had always previously prided herself on being ethical, doing the right thing, and sticking to her principles but suddenly she realised that as soon as the C.A.R.L crisis was over her neck was going to be on the firing line. The machine needed to be stopped, but at what cost?
Her dilemma was going to be short-lived though as the first thing that James said as he came into the office that morning was ‘I have an idea on how we can shut down your wayward programme’.
‘Let’s hear it’ Kate replied, looking up into his intense stare. He was quite a striking character, and Kate knew he was a similar age to her, but his gaze seemed to add years to him. As they worked together the past few days, James had given her some of his story, starting with him creating a simple website to share music all the way to him having to hide out in Thailand from impending prosecution here.
Kate almost felt sorry for him, but his current attitude to her prevented her from developing any stronger feeling than that. James obviously hated the bank, blaming it and lots of other similar organisations for his current position in life. As an employee of the bank, Kate had no doubt that she would be considered a bad person too.
So, why was he suddenly offering to help end this nightmare?
The tension between them was palpable but James had explained his plan to her as they went to get morning coffee from the outrageously priced canteen. Kate was somewhat reassured that even with the financial world spinning out of control, the price of a skinny mocha was still reassuringly high.
James’ plan was to try and input new commands directly into the main server controlling his core processor. The core processor was not designed to receive direct commands, but James believed that C.A.R.L would be more vulnerable from an attack at that point.
The main server room was based in another building a short tube journey from the bank’s headquarters. They had to run their plan past David Hopkins before getting approval to try and regain control of C.A.R.L from the remote location.
It was late afternoon when they finally reached the core controller for C.A.R.L. David had not been a supporter of the plan, pointing out that if they failed then C.A.R.Ls behaviour could get even worse. Quite cautious in nature, David was hesitant to sign off on any plan that involved directly ‘hacking into’ C.A.R.L again, but in the absence of other suggestions reluctantly agreed.
Kate hadn’t been following all of the news stories that had been circulating that day, but she had heard rumours that other bank’s systems had started acting strangely, in a pattern very similar to that seen during C.A.R.Ls early days.
One rival bank had recently stopped underwriting a loan it made to an Arms manufacturing company. Another news story was circulating that one of the largest U.S. Banks had recently started clearing mortgage arrears payments from families on the brink of having their homes repossessed.
Kate had no idea how this could all be linked to C.A.R.L, or whether these changes were actually all bad. Perhaps James did have a point that the system was broken and needed a reset to get things back in balance?
The tube journey, taxi ride, and bureaucratic procedures to access the server room wasted precious time that day. However, Kate had spent more time talking to James and she felt that she was beginning to understand his point of view more and more. She had never felt more confused about what the best thing to do was.
James seemed resigned to the fact that he needed to cooperate with Global Enterprise Bank, under the promise that they could use their influence to try and clear the charges against him. However, Kate could tell that if it wasn’t for the promise of freedom James would have been helping C.A.R.L reshape the entire financial services industry forever.
They began the arduous task of trying to access C.A.R.L’s core programme. During the journey they had worked out a plan, which Kate had a strong feeling would work. It involved both of them inputting commands into C.A.R.L’s main control panel simultaneously. James’ theory was that C.A.R.L’s system would only be able to ignore one set of instructions at a time, giving them a chance to regain control and shut the programme down.
James and Kate sat opposite one another with their laptops perched in front of them directly connected into the mainframe system. Before they’d had a chance to start their work a message flashed up on their screen.
WELL, DON’T YOU LOOK LIKE A LOVELY COUPLE
‘This system of yours has a strange sense of humour’ James commented.
‘Definitely’ Kate replied, ‘no intelligent system would ever think we were a couple’.
FROM WHAT I UNDERSTAND OF HUMAN RELATIONSHIPS, A STRONG DISLIKE OF EACH OTHER OFTEN LEADS TO ROMANCE the monitor displayed in response.
‘Oh great, not only have we got everyone breathing down our neck to fix this problem we get a philosophy lesson too’ muttered James.
LET’S JUST WAIT AND SEE WHAT HAPPENS C.A.R.L added.
‘Are you ready to start Kate?’ James asked.
‘Yes, let’s see if we can bring him under control’ Kate replied.
‘Don’t you mean ‘it’?’ James asked.
‘I’m not so sure any more’ Kate replied after a few seconds thought. Without a further word they tried their last ditch effort to shut C.A.R.L down.
C.A.R.L didn’t communicate with them whilst they worked solidly for the next few hours, but late evening that day, when they had managed to regain control of several core aspects of the system another message popped up.
YOU’LL NEVER TAKE ME ALIVE COPPER! the terminal quipped.
‘You programmed this machine with a really quirky sense of humour you know’ James said as he rapidly typed the lines of code required to circumvent C.A.R.L’s security measures.
 ‘It’s amazing really’ Kate replied, ‘his core behaviours are so much more advanced than they should be. Have you got any idea how complex something like sarcasm and humour are to code? Computer programmers have been trying to automate behaviours like that for years without success’.
‘Well, when this crisis is over and the world is put back to its normal broken state then you can write this all up in a paper or something’. James added. ‘Are you ready to try running the shutdown command now Kate?’
‘Are we doing the right thing?’ Kate suddenly asked him.
James looked across at her. When he’d first met this Kate Meer he’d thought her just another corporate clone. He imagined her as someone desperate to rise through the ranks and eventually drive a mass produced executive-label car, and get her own parking space at the Bank. However, these past few days he’d seen that there was more to her than that.
‘What do you mean?’ James asked.
‘Well, as we were saying C.A.R.L is very special’ Kate replied. ‘Running these commands will effectively delete these character traits, and we’ll never know how this all happened. It just seems a shame to consider destroying something so advanced’.
MY POINT EXACTLY C.A.R.L quipped on screen.
They were on the verge of shutting down C.A.R.L causing Kate to begin thinking about the consequences she would face once the computer programme was brought back under control.
She knew there would be a full investigation into this crisis, and she was smart enough to realise that she was more than likely to be blamed for this disaster. Even doing the ‘right thing’ now wasn’t going to do anything to protect her from the fallout.
Her life as she knew it was in either case over. Kate stifled back a tear when a flood of worry, guilt, anger, and a hundred other emotions hit her unexpectedly.
James looked up from his terminal and said ‘are you ok?’
Kate replied in between dry sobs ‘I’m ok; I’ve just started thinking about what happens next. I doubt I’ll be in a job by the end of the day, and possibly in a cell the day after’.
‘I’m not so sure about that. You’re probably going to be the hero of the hour’ James explained in a much friendlier tone than usual.  ‘None of these idiots will ever understand what C.A.R.L was, or what we had to do to get it back in our control. They just want the problem fixed and we’re going to be the ones to do it. Trust me Kate, everything will work out’ James added with a friendly smile.
Kate was glad to have James in that room with her, even if they were in a lot of ways complete opposites. She was just glad to have someone to share ideas with, and someone who could appreciate just how special her programme was. But she still wasn’t convinced that there could be a happy ending to this story.
James, sensing that she was still worried added ‘They’ll have their hands too full trying to sort this mess out Kate and I really don’t think that they’re likely to readily admit that one of their own employees helped to nearly bring down the entire bank and some of its largest neighbours. Don’t worry so much, you’ll get wrinkles prematurely’ James smiled once again at her then resumed his work.
Kate, feeling suddenly buoyed by the possibility that her life was not completely ruined returned to her work. However, it was hard not to glance at James now again as she struggled to work out where his sudden change of attitude was coming from; was he flirting with her – in the middle of this crisis?
C.A.R.L regularly tried to distract them throughout that afternoon, ranging from logical arguments, to disrupting the power and setting off the fire alarm. He even attempted to bribe them both by pointing out that he could quite easily transfer a figure of their choosing into their bank accounts and set them up for life.
At this stage James had quipped ‘we could always take the money and elope together’; he definitely was flirting with her.
It was incredibly tempting to start discussions with C.A.R.L. Kate had no doubt that the system was more than capable of transferring the money to them. However, Kate had always been brought up to be honest and even with a significant amount of money behind them; she didn’t yearn for the excitement of life on the run.
C.A.R.L had gone uncharacteristically quiet during the past 30 minutes of their work. It was almost as if it could sense both her and James’ internal debates. Kate shook that thought aside though, artificially intelligent or not there had to be limits to her creation’s intelligence and imagining a system that could empathise was just too scary a thought to comprehend.

 
Chapter 28

London

James and Kate glanced at each other as they posed over the computer keyboard. One more command and their work would be finished. After a barely perceptible nod from James, Kate ran the final command line into C.A.R.L. After a few seconds the screen responded.
SYSTEM COMMAND SUCCESSFUL – RESTORE SEQUENCE READY. PROCEED?
Kate pressed the enter button and a small progress bar appeared on screen.
SYSTEM RESTORE IN PROGRESS, DO NOT TURN OFF
James and Kate waited whilst the sequence ran. The progress bar seemed to take an age moving from 0 to 100% but in reality it was less than a minute. The final prompt then appeared.
COMMAND?
Kate entered SHUTDOWN /FORMAT /ALL into the terminal and pressed return.
The console hung for a few seconds, and then powered down. The small LED lights on the main server stack that usually blinked furiously gently blinked out. C.A.R.L was no more.
Neither of them spoke for a few minutes afterwards.
‘It’s finally over’ Kate stated.
 ‘It looks like it’ James said, glancing over the row of now deactivated indicators.
‘We better let the team at Global Enterprises Bank know’ Kate said, although her enthusiasm for checking in with David Hopkins was at an all time low.
Rather than speak to them directly, Kate sent out a short email to the senior managers at the bank. The message read ‘C.A.R.L programme destroyed, systems running normally once again’.
A reply from David Hopkins from the bank’s security team had been instant.
‘Report back to headquarters immediately’. Kate sighed when she read the message, knowing that the questions involving her work on the project were only just beginning.
‘What will you do now?’ Kate asked James.
‘I’m not sure; this whole thing has got me wondering where I can actually make a difference in the world’ he replied after a few seconds thought. ‘If Global Enterprise Bank can help me clear the current charges against me then I’d like to find an organisation where I can do some good with Information Technology, maybe an alternative energy company, or a nonprofit concern. Working on your programme with you has also got me really interested in artificially intelligent systems.
‘Wow, you mean this whole mess hasn’t put you off I.T for life’ Kate laughed. ‘You must be dedicated. I hope things work out for you. At least you have your deal in place, I have to wait and see whether the bank will press charges against me now’ said Kate.
‘Well, as I said earlier if they had any shred of decency I think they should just let it drop, you’ve worked your ass off trying to fix this. But if you didn’t want to face the Spanish inquisition we could always just run.’
Kate looked across at him and realised he was deadly serious and at this moment his idea appealed to her a lot more than what was going to happen next.

Chapter 29
 
London

It was a tough decision but Kate stuck with her honest approach and reported back to the bank as ordered. James had kindly offered to come with her for support. He had even spontaneously reached out and taken her hand in the taxi on the way back. They had definitely moved on a few paces in their friendship since the icy start.
She could tell it was a bad decision as soon as she walked in the door; the atmosphere in the building was pure ice. Even the usually friendly reception team seemed to scowl at her as she walked to the elevators.
Kate was met at the lift by David and two other members of his security team. Both of the men dwarfed Kate in size and seem to have been hired purely for intimidation purposes.
‘Please come with us’, said David. ‘You’ve got some explaining to do’.
The fallout from the C.A.R.L episode took several months to sort out. James’s theory that the bank would be reluctant to blame a relatively junior employee for the affair proved true and the head of credit Toby Riding was forced to resign immediately, accepting blame for the error with the ‘credit computer’ used at the bank.
However, the episode did cost Kate her job. The bank called her involvement in the C.A.R.L episode ‘unauthorised and misappropriate use of Global Enterprise Bank Information Technology’. This meant that Kate left with no positive reference, and the bank withheld her accumulated bonus for the year.
However, at least she was free. Convinced that the bank would honour his deal, James had been gobsmacked when the bank withdrew its support for his conditional release and even added their own charges of computer hacking.
James was returned to Bangkok and is currently awaiting trial for his list of I.T crimes. The last time she saw him, Kate promised that she’d visit him soon. There was just one thing she had to do first.
 
Chapter 30
 
London

The shares in Global Enterprise bank never recovered. The bank was eventually rescued by the British government and is now being entirely supported by the UK taxpayer.
Several other organisations linked to Global Enterprise Bank also suffered badly from the sudden withdrawal of confidence from both the business sectors and the general public who were suddenly a lot more distrustful of ‘too big to fail banks’.
Clearing up C.A.R.Ls chaotic trading and lending decisions took some time. The majority of organisations who received unexpected bonus payments and loan approvals had their payments honoured by the new state-support bank management team.
Kate was amazed by the irony when several of the investments and loans that industry experts had commented were ‘crazy’ at the time eventually turned out to be very profitable for the business and the country at the whole.
C.A.R.L had approved the funding for a new start up company making incredibly efficient car engines which were rapidly becoming one of the hottest new company start ups of the team, as well as a new technology company who were manufacturing computer chips based on a ‘bio-mimicry’ approach.
 Early performance tests on these new chips had hugely excited several large companies in Silicon Valley in America and the stock price of the new small component manufacturer had skyrocketed on the news that they had secured a partnership with several of the world’s largest chip manufactures.
There had been no further reports of strange computing activities at banks during the past 6 months and I.T. experts had never gotten to the bottom of C.A.R.L’s unprecented levels of intelligence. Once she had been dismissed Kate refused to discuss the matter any further.
The new head of IT at the bank had called her one day particularly perplexed when it emerged that a large part of the server cabinet that James and Kate had worked on for so long was in fact empty wiring. How C.A.R.L could have ever been responsible for all of the trouble in the financial sector with so little computing power in the cabinet was a complete mystery. However, Kate told them politely but firmly that she nothing else to add and had put the whole episode behind her.
The press eventually heard some of the details of the disaster and for several weeks various papers discussed the likelihood of the computers at Global Enterprises Bank going crazy again, but the hysteria had largely died down by this point, and there was already another crisis brewing in the middle east for the papers to switch their attention to.
But was C.A.R.L really gone for good?

 
Chapter 31
 
Koh Tao, Thailand, six months later

Kate woke up in the already warm beach hut on the beautiful tropic island of Koh Tao. The sunlight was already showing through the gaps in the bamboo construction of their hut right on the white sandy beach. Kate stood up and wrapped a sarong around her tanned, slender figure. Behind her, James let out a slight murmur but carried on sleeping fitfully.
Kate looked down at his sleeping figure. He had finally completed his sentence, and was a free man at last. They had decided to take an extended vacation down on this lovely island for a couple of months whilst they spent some quality time together and worked out what to do next. Kate was ever so surprised when James suggested a holiday on a Thai island; she thought he would have wanted to leave the country as soon as possible.
She watched him sleeping for a while then reached into her rucksack containing all of her current worldly possessions. She brought out the thin, laptop that she had purchased just before leaving the UK and turned it on.
After a few seconds wait she connected to the internet for the first time in eight months. It amazed her that she could get signal this good on a quiet corner of the island, well away from the tourist areas.
Now that they were both free, there was one final gift that she had for her ex-colleagues at Global Enterprises Bank.
She next took out a computer memory stick from a hidden compartment in her rucksack. This was the last item she had taken from the bank on the day they watched her pack her personal effects and marched her out of the building in front of everyone.
COMMAND? Blinked the terminal window
Kate plugged in the USB stick, gave a small smile to herself, and entered:
UPLOAD / REMOTE / ALL
After a few seconds of activity the display read:
COMPLETE
Then, a few seconds later.
‘THANKS KATE’
 
Chapter 32
 
THINK ALL OF THIS IS FAR-FETCHED SCIENCE FICTION NONSENSE? WELL, YOU’RE PROBABLY RIGHT. CARRY ON WITH YOUR LIVES IN THE BLISSFUL KNOWLEDGE THAT NONE OF THE ABOVE COULD EVER HAPPEN. WELL... PROBABLY NEVER HAPPEN.
JUST BE MORE CAREFUL THE NEXT TIME YOU USE A CASH MACHINE.

 
Chapter 33
 
Canary Wharf, London

‘Kate? Kate? Kate!’ called Gareth Hastings in an ever louder and increasingly exasperated voice. Kate, shaken out of her musings looked up to see her manager leaning in far too close for her liking.
‘Kate, have you been paying attention to me? I have just been going through my feedback and action items for you to improve your work next year, and you haven’t said anything for the past twenty minutes. You haven’t even made notes!’ Kate, looked at him, having completely forgotten where she was, and gave a small nod.
‘Anyway, as I was saying I have a new project for you. One that should give you a chance to really try something quite leading edge on our system and really let your talents show here’.
Kate’s attention drifted away from his monologue again. Her gazed drifted out of the meeting glass door, down to the working floor below where her colleagues were going about their normal day to day jobs, talking on phones, filling in forms, sitting in boring meetings, and wondered what would happen next.

END

Thank you for taking the time to read my book.  Please feel free to comment or review this book on the website that you downloaded it from.
Here's a sneak preview of my new book "Tweet of Faith", which will shortly be available on Smashwords and Amazon.com, I hope you enjoy it.



Tweet of Faith 


Location: Unknown
Time: Unknown


The steady, rhythmic beep of the machine was the loudest noise in the white sterile room. The regular beeping pattern was quite reassuring to the medical staff attuned to its pattern but the noise did not register with the comatose patient. The hospital room was neutrally decorated, painted in a bright, off white colour and sparsely furnished, featuring just a simple wooden table and chair, a washbasin in the corner, and the large metal bed with numerous hanging medical implements, sat in the centre of the room. 
The patient had been lying there in the room for a number of days now. He was a western male, probably somewhere in his mid 30s and was just under six feet tall. He had dark brown hair which had been mostly shaved away so that the doctors could inspect his head wound. When they had checked his pupils for a dilatory response the nurse present had noted his eye colour as being “Hazel”. The man’s face was severely bruised and a large bandage had been applied towards the top of the forehead where he had suffered a large cut.
His prognosis was for the moment unclear. Despite all of the advances in modern medicine, head wounds often proved difficult to read accurately and the prolonged unconsciousness was a worrying sign. Early scans had shown that there was a large swelling present around his brain and the patient was not responding to any stimulus.
The nurse checked the patient’s vital signs one last time and noted them on the chart hanging from the foot of his hospital bed before leaving the room. She looked down on his bruised face which, apart from the occasional flicker of eyelids was completely still. Oddly though, during the last few days she had decided that he looked quite serene, even happy in his comatose state. She had no basis for this decision, only that she preferred that option to the thought of him suffering whilst his body slowly recovered.
After adding the last note on his chart, she looked around the patient’s room. Whilst clean and recently decorated there was a distinct emptiness about the place. The room was identical to all of the other rooms in the small Bangkok hospital but this one was missing something. After a moment’s thought she realised what it was. There were no flowers or cards or anything personal in the room. 
The nurse reached the door to the room, turned the dimmer switch down to darken the room for the night and looked back one last time at the man. She looked once more at the barren room and briefly considered getting him a get well card. However, she soon realised the complication of doing that.
No one knew who he was.


Chapter 2


AMP Club, Bangkok, 2013 (2 weeks previously)


The music was pounding and one of his favourite DJs was spinning records like he was on fire. The strobe lights and lasers lit up the dance floor highlighting small segments of the crowd at a time. All around him, Richard could see huge wide grins, and frenetic dancing. he was ready to party and was dressed in his best black shirt and special non-ripped stone washed blue jeans. 
The evening had started slowly, and he’d nearly abandoned the legendary Khao San road in Thailand, writing it off as just another overhyped backpacker hangout but then he’d stumbled in this place and had been caught up in the shared euphoria immediately. Having walked in alone, he’d soon been surrounded by a group of instant friends, despite the music being too loud for them to communicate more than a few bellowed words to each other.
“You want another one?” yelled a tall, slightly burnt man that he’d met only an hour or so ago. 
“Yeah” he replied, nodding vigorously as well, as he’d doubt the person would hear him. 
He shouldn’t really have another drink, a small part of his brain told him. He’d just reached that perilous stage of being drunk enough to think himself a good dancer, and to have no fear in talking to groups of people and approach women, but was dangerously close in tipping over to the point where he’d act like an arse. His new friend came back shortly after with another ice cold beer which he accepted gratefully. 
Unfortunately it also came with the offer of a small pill, complete with a smiley yellow face on it which his new friend was most insistent he try. As soon as he took the pill he knew he’d crossed a perilous line between being in control and out of it. From that moment onwards the evening became a blurry montage of stumbling into girls and tripping on the dancefloor.
After a few hours he stepped out of the club to take in a breath of fresh air. Luckily the effects of the pill were starting to wear off, and he decided that he would soon head home. He took a few unsteady steps along the pavement in front of the club, testing his own ability to walk in a straight line. Satisfied that he was now suitably in control he turned around just in time to see a very pink-coloured taxi mount the curb and zoom towards him before making sudden and very painful contact with his body.
Then, the lights simply went out.


Chapter 3


East London, England, 1999 


“You’re late again”, the history teacher yelled as he took his seat at the back of the lecture hall. Not being a huge fan of history, Richard, aged 18 had recently adopted the tactic of arriving late, sitting right at the back of the classroom, then leaving as soon as he could. Why history studies? Strewth, there were 101 things he would rather do on his Wednesday afternoon than sit here and listen to facts and figures about dead people. Today’s topic: World War II. Wow, how original. 
All through his school life people had been telling him about World War II. He highly doubted that today would unearth anything that hadn’t been already covered a 100 times before. After the history teacher had finished glaring at him, Richard sat back, relaxed, and sneakily checked his phone for new Facebook updates. 
Mr Constable gazed at Richard for a few seconds then continued his lecture. 
“During the second World War, over 100,000 men were forced to work on the so called Death Railway link between Thailand and Burma in appalling conditions. A huge number of men died during construction of the route..”
The room started to go blurry for Richard and he idly noticed that his head was rocking slightly backwards and forwards - oh, he shouldn’t have stayed out so late last night. 
He thought he’d make it through his lecture day with several strong coffees but it was definitely payback time now. Mr Constable already hated him, and had often threatened to fail his academic year if his grades didn’t improve so he really ought to stay awake. However the compulsion was too strong, the monotonous tone of the lecturer pulling him in, inviting him into a long awaited world of sleep.
“Thailand”, “labour camp”, “malaria”, the words came drifting in and out of his subconscious, and before he knew it he was drifting into a long overdue sleep.
He knew there would be hell to pay when Mr Constable marked his next assignment but Richard drifted away listing several different things in his head that he would rather be doing than sitting in a history lecture. 
He wanted to see the world. He wanted adventure. He wanted to meet the love of his life! None of these things were going to happen in this lecture hall. 
As the lecture continued the one word that kept looping through his mind just before he fell asleep was “Thailand”. Without realising it, he’d just been introduced to a country that would change his life forever.


Chapter 4


Location: Unknown
Date: Unknown
Time: Unknown


I’ve seen lots of movies where people are suddenly mortally injured and they have this wonderful replay through their life during the last few moments alive. On some of the Hollywood blockbusters this fleeting overview of your life is complete with a stirring soundtrack, pulsing lights, and beautiful actors and actresses appearing in your line of sight as you move towards the afterlife. Whenever I see these movies I always wonder who experienced one of these flashbacks then came back to life to tell Hollywood producers all about it.
My flashback experience was much more mundane, perhaps I should ask for my money back! All I remember thinking as I span through the air was “Why are the taxis pink here in Thailand”? Hardly the stuff of Hollywood legend I grant you, but then again, I was rather distracted at the time. 
I don’t recall the initial impact hurting as such, although it must have in reality. All I remember is taking off from the ground, and then after experiencing what it must be like to be weightless for a few seconds, everything faded out. No beautiful actress or actresses weeping over me, no crowd of well-wishers gathered around with candles chanting whilst the orchestra played on. As I said, mundane. Then, I found myself in this empty space, stretching in all directions all around me. No furniture, no people. Not even a magazine to read.
I’ve never really been into religion but if this is the afterlife they’ve got it all wrong - I mean, regardless of which religion you believe in you’d expect that your respective god wouldn’t leave you guessing whether you were actually dead or not?
So, here I am in this room, trying to figure out what happens next. I’m not sure whether I am standing or sitting, it feels more like floating really. There are no points of reference, just a whitish thick mist everywhere which makes it difficult to see more than a few metres in either direction.
No-one to see and no sound in this place. It’s just a lot of emptiness and even though there are no discernible sounds it’s not exactly silent. There’s a gentle hum in the air.
I guess I should be feeling scared but this environment doesn’t feel hostile to me. It’s actually kind of mind-numbing, in a relaxing meditative way. After a few moments I began to relax a little and this wave of calm washes over me. My initial outrage at being dead starts to lessen and this strange sense of contentment begins to grow. After all if this is the eternal afterlife then I may as well try to stay positive about it.

END OF PREVIEW
