Serum 6

Book 1: The Sowing
Book 2: The Reaping

By Dan Lombard



This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, 
events and incidents are either the products of the author’s 
imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance 
to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events 
is purely coincidental.

The medical technology used in this book is based on some rudimentary 
research, leading to creative conclusions, and most likely will cause a 
true authority on the subject matter to cringe. 
However, please keep in mind that today's science fiction
very often becomes tomorrow's reality.

Smashwords Edition – June 2013
© 2013 Dan Lombard, all rights reserved

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. 
This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. 
If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an 
additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, 
or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and 
purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.



Other Books by Dan Lombard
Death Panel
Midnight Departure


Dan Lombard
PO Box 2119
Loomis, CA 95650

PROLOG

Duke sat quietly in the dark booth, at a loss for words. He held two hands in his own, they were soft and trembling. The shadow Duke cast on the wall towered over hers. At six-foot-four, broad-shouldered and square-jawed, he dominated most everyone he met. Among those was a hapless young man that had been silly drunk enough to playfully lunge, with what appeared to be a knife, at his friend William who was celebrating his twentieth birthday three days earlier. Duke's single punch to the side of his head had been enough to knock the fool out cold. It was the second blow, a suckerpunch to the chin that his friend William threw at the unconscious man as he was held upright by his friends, that snapped his neck, separating his spinal cord from his brain and killing him instantly. Duke and William fled the ensuing brawl after throwing a few more punches at all comers, discovering later that the dead man had been holding a popsicle stick in his hand. 
Neither Duke nor the woman sitting across the booth from him were paying much attention to the other patrons in the nightclub as they crowded the bar watching the television in rapt attention.  The barflies were watching the scene as it was unfolding in Saigon. American helicopters hovered over a nondescript block building as their Vietnamese allies climbed over the gate. Then the scene shifted to the flight deck of a carrier as unneeded Huey's were pushed overboard to make room for the growing crowd of mothers holding their babies tight and blank-faced men staring into emptiness. The refugees clutched a rope line leading to shelter and hope for a new life, safe from the ravages of war in that distant land. It was a monumental time for millions of people; those escaping and those being left behind.
None of this was of interest or concern to the couple at the table. The woman was sniffling and trembling over the news she had just shared with Duke. It was unexpected and unwelcome news, but now an undeniable fact.  His hands dwarfed hers as he stroked them, his large gold and onyx pinky ring, big enough to fit loosely on her thumb, emphasized the contrast. She pulled one hand from his grasp and gently smoothed the bandage that covered the back of his hand.  
"I don’t know what to do. I can’t support a child, and I won’t get an abortion," she sobbed.
"They're safe and legal now."
"I still can't do it. There's a child growing inside me."
"Now, now. Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out."
"Do you want a child? Will you marry me?"
"No—you know I can’t marry you."
She lowered her head so that her forehead touched their clasped hands and she continued crying.
"I can't run any longer, I have to turn myself in, do my time, then return and try and pick up the pieces," Duke said.
"But you didn't kill that man, why should you have to pay the price?"
"I've gone over that in my head a hundred times in the past twenty-four hours, there's no way out. It's for the better, the witnesses have been bought, so I'll get convicted regardless. I'll draw a lighter sentence because of my service record and the plea bargain. It stinks, but it is what it is."
"I hate that this is happening to us."
"You'll be okay. My dad can help you out a little."
"I can't ask him. Does he even know? Are you going to tell him?"
"Probably will, when it's right. He doesn't even know yet that I was involved in the bar fight, that I'm going away. But he'll understand when I explain how, why, to him. He has one loyalty, and one loyalty only. He'll say I did the right thing."
The woman was sobbing, "what will I do?"
"You’re a smart lady, you'll figure something out. I'm so sorry I can't help. Can't, from where I'll be. The state pen is maximum security. I'm going away honey, for a long, long time."
"So I'm all alone in this?"
"I know you'll figure it out. I'm turning myself in after I leave here. I'll miss you. I love you. I guess our paths have only crossed for a time, but now I'm heading one way and you another. Please don't think about waiting for me, it'll be a long time. If  it's right . . . someday down the road, I'll be a part of the child's life."
"I'll always love you, too. I'll tell our child good things about you. And when he's old enough, then he can also make his decision about finding you."
"He? You think it's gonna be a boy?"
"It will be."
They pulled themselves from the booth and held each other in an embrace as a collective gasp came from the group, eyes glued to the television, crowded around the bar. Duke looked over the top of his friend's head and watched a helicopter make a water landing, its rotor shearing off as it tipped over, the crew then swimming to the command ship, the USS Blue Ridge. 
They kissed and Duke held her hands in his one last time. 
Then he was gone.
CHAPTER ONE
Nashville in late spring and early summer was a glorious place to be. But William Adler was nowhere near Nashville as April gave way to May in 1975. He was sitting outside a tent in the sweltering heat of the bush in the northern highlands of Rhodesia. He turned his head, fixing his piercing blue eyes on his young guide, Gamba, and was fascinated by what he saw. Back in Tennessee he'd had plenty of opportunity to observe, though he chose not to associate with, the black man. And he knew well that the black man in Tennessee came in many shades, from the light to the very dark-skinned. But he had never seen anything like Gamba before. He was, quite literally, the color of coal. Save for the whites of his eyes, his perfectly straight, bright white teeth and pink tongue, he was as black as a moonless night.
Which made it all the more odd to William when Gamba, who had recently finished his formal education in London as the son of the Kenyan Ambassador's indentured manservant, spoke in a refined Cockney-accented English. Word was making its way back to camp that a herd of elephant had been tracked and was being driven in their direction.
One of the scouts breathlessly ran up to the camp and burst forth in a Bantu rant, of which William understood not a word, and he turned to his talented, multi-lingual guide, Gamba, for a translation.
"Kaikara," Gamba said to William. "The advance party has slowed down their harassment of the herd to a walking pace. The herd is grazing within two thousand strides, we can walk to them in thirty minutes, or take the Land Rover in five, whichever pleases you." 
Though the translation of  what was called "the African language" was lost on the dialect-speaking Bantu hunting party, it only mattered to William that kaikara was translated as "god" and that adiele, the name he gave to every one of the porters, scouts, guides and soldiers, meant "goat," and that when he hollered that name they were all to respond in unison.
"I caught the word Dhlulamithi in the gibberish he was speaking, he said it several times, what does it mean?' he asked Gamba
"Dhlulamithi," Gamba said, correcting William's pronunciation, "is a legendary bull elephant, so old and so enormous that his tusk kisses the ground with each step he takes."
"It's about time, I'm growing weary of life in the bush," William grunted, grabbing a fresh silk kerchief to wipe his brow, then casting it aside in the dust as if it were a paper tissue. 
Gamba looked down at the discard, oblivious to the concept of littering, but saddened by the tossing of  a square foot of silk fabric that represented a week's wages for any one of the porters, scouts or armed guards. He would pick it up and stuff it in his pocket when William stood to make his way to the Land Rover, preferring a ride over walking, in the stifling heat of equatorial Africa.
William arose from his canvas camp chair under the canopy of a massive baobab tree. It was a legendary tree for having, over the course of some 2,000 years, achieved every superlative. It was seventy feet tall. Disproportion to its height, the gnarled trunk was a stout forty feet in diameter and its canopy provided shade from the midday sun for fifty feet in all directions. Legend had it that Ernest Hemingway carved his name into the trunk along with the first five words of a never published novel.  
Upon arriving at the camp and being told of this fact by his guide, William found, at his eye-level and at what would have been eye-level for the six-foot tall Hemingway a quarter century earlier, the name carved into the tough hide of the tree as well as the words 'Eggs over easy for breakfast in the umber tent.'
It crossed William's mind to carve, on the opposite side, the name Albert Gore, Jr., the pretentious son of a Tennessee senator, and someone he took joy in tormenting on the polo field.  And then under that the words 'The Iceman Cometh,' as a sardonic homage to his prediction of a new ice age and in order to vex future generations. William scratched the words in the dirt at the base of the tree and instructed a porter to transcribe them onto the bark.
He then stepped out of the shade of the baobao tree, swearing that he would never again set foot on this "vile, bug-infested, tropical wasteland of a continent."

After a bumpy, mile-long-ride up a dry wash they came to rest on a knoll a few hundred feet over from the herd. A breathless and barefoot  scout came running up in nothing but a loincloth, clutching the nine foot long spear that he'd been using to badger and drive the animals before him and in the direction of the camp. He excitedly told Gamba the details in his Shona dialect.
"He says there is a bull in the herd standing the height of two men, nearly thirteen feet, and weighing eight tons," Gamba translated for William.
"Could care less what the bull weighs. What about the tusk?" William asked.
There was another quick exchange and Gamba turned to William again. "A near flawless, matched pair. And long, perfectly intact, perhaps eighty pounds each. The scout says they are the most magnificent he has ever seen, certainly trophy tusk."
"Good, drive to the top of the hill, I'd prefer to take my shot from the seat of the Land Rover," William said, wanting to ensure a quick escape to safety should the herd stampede.
"As you wish," Gamba said. 
They drove up the knoll, running behind a low strike slip rock formation for cover until they were exposed at the top and no more than one hundred and fifty yards from the herd.
Gamba assessed the situation and suggested that they should cut the distance between the Land Rover and the bull in half to ensure a shot that would bring the bull down; then requiring, at most, one more shot to the top of the mortally wounded beast's head to end its life. Then William could have the tusks cut off and shipped to the warehouse in Nashville, where he would likely never look at them again.
The driver turned the bonnet of the Land Rover downhill and cut the engine, allowing it to drift silently closer to the herd. The big bull nevertheless looked up and took two steps forward as the distance quickly closed. Gamba put the Land Rover into the parking gear and pulled a pinch of a waxy, unginned, cotton-like fiber from a leather bag in his lap. He handed the first pinch to William who stuffed it in one ear, than a second pinch in his other ear. He put the stock of the rifle to his shoulder and raised the weapon, aligning the barrel to the top of the bull's head. William was pleased to see that, though the bull was enormous, its tusk did not yet reach the ground, meaning it was not an old, spent animal counting down its remaining days, but rather a magnificent beast still in the prime of life. It was a far cry from plinking songbirds with a .22 down by the old stables.
William met the stare of the elephant and they warily eyed each other, the elephant unknowing or uncaring that its life was about to come to an end. William wondered why, after having surely witnessed the killing of so many of its family over the years, it did nothing but stand there, awaiting the projectile that would tear through its hide, crack its skull, enter its brain and mash it into an offal gruel. He pulled the AK 47 firmly back to his shoulder, drawing a bead on the massive forehead, a bulls-eye easily the size of a turkey platter. William sucked in and held his breath as he slowly squeezed the trigger, waiting for the recoil. He was oblivious to the jolt and watched in fascination as the bull, unaware of what even hit it, fell hard, shaking the ground for a hundred feet around. As the elephant lay twitching and William watched, a cruel smile on his lips,  Gamba quietly urged him to fire the  dispatch bullet to put the animal out of its misery.
Following that second shot William turned to the guide. As he pulled the plugs out of his ears and threw them on the ground he said, "Gamba, you have my instructions. Have the tusk cut off and shipped to Nashville. Break camp immediately and send my Nubian army home with their pay, their work is done. Drive me to the landing strip now. Get me out of this godforsaken hellhole so I can return to my home. I've accomplished what I came here to do." 

CHAPTER TWO

William returned to Nashville early enough to sleep in his own bed Sunday evening. Exhausted by his adventure he slept late, waking to an already hot and muggy Tennessee noon. 
"Not much better than Africa," he muttered, shutting his windows so that the air conditioning would better cool his bedroom.
William had been awake for an hour, still reliving the hunt and the killing of Dhlulamithi just two days earlier. His route home had been as direct as possible. No more than two hours after felling the bull he had been aboard his chartered crop-duster and the flight to the International Airport in Lusaka. From there he was on the first flight out, this one to Cairo, then to Paris, and then New York where his private jet was waiting to return him to Nashville. He laughed as he contemplated why he had undertaken that adventure in the first place. He had bet another member of his elite club of young heirs that he could leave Nashville on a Saturday morning, shoot and kill the largest land dwelling animal on the planet, and be back in time for a Monday polo match ten days later. 
Dressed in his starched and sharply pressed polo uniform he had his driver deliver him out to the field where the team he captained and sponsored, the Kublai Khan Horde, was already on the field warming up for the match. 
Harley Pitts, the fellow heir with whom he had the bet, walked up to him. "Well, great white hunter, how'd you do on the dark continent?"
William grinned and handed him a Polaroid shot of the fallen beast, his only record of the feat, at least until the tusk arrived. 
Like William, Harley was tall and lean, considered quite handsome and had piercing blue eyes. Unlike the dark-haired, olive-skinned William, his hair was blond and he was pale as a ghost. Pitts, as he was called by his friends, was the only son of a moonshiner who had taken his profits to the industrialized north and started what became a vast plate glass manufacturing empire. Nodding his head, he reached his hand in his pocket and pulled out a wad of cash, handing it to William. 
"It's all there, ten large," he said. Pitts didn't have to think twice about the loss; they had had a vicious tornado season and the family business was still shipping plate glass by the carload to replace windowpanes throughout Tornado Alley. When Hurricane Agnes had swept through the eastern seaboard in 1972 the Pitts family cheered the destruction and profited enough to go out and buy a major league baseball team for nearly four million dollars.
William returned half the bet when Pitts's team won the polo match. Then it was off for a night of revelry that kept William out until nearl daybreak. Once again he slept to noon, reassured by the news he'd heard the night before, that an arrest had been made in the manslaughter at the bar two days before he left for Africa.

The coffee left sitting on his library table by the door to this bedroom was still hot. The butler had been replacing it every twenty minutes, not knowing when William would stir and rise. He warmed his hands against the sides of the porcelain cup that had, eighty years earlier, been held in the delicate adolescent hands of Alix of Hesse before she became Tsarina Alexandra. 
The French doors leading out onto the second floor wraparound balcony were wide open and a bracing cold wind snapped his taut skin. The weather had turned dramatically from twenty-four hours earlier and, as he stood bare but for his boxer shorts, the sheer white curtains blew around him as he viewed the vast estate from his favorite vantage point.  
It was all rolling green hills,  the fabled thoroughbred country of Tennessee. Off to the side he could barely see the stables that housed his world champion studs; a legacy of his father that William's stepmother, Gloria, had successfully maintained, even if only for the sake of the horses and not the estate. But horses, unless they could be broken to subject themselves without question to his will, and thereby become spiritless and useless, were of no interest to William. Even though the Adler enterprises could sell the seed for seven thousand dollars per ejaculation they were still just dumb horses to William. There was simply no substitute for humans, a species that would, and did, supplicate itself before William as he desired for minimal compensation. There was a knock on his door.
"Come in Frost!" he yelled through the door.
Frost was an elderly, though spry, butler who always dressed in formal attire. It had been his career for over thirty-five years now, originally as William's father's butler and then, with his passing five years earlier, as the young man's. He had had more influence and responsibility for raising the young heir—first as a bratty toddler, then a petulant middle-schooler, an arrogant adolescent and now as a narcissistic young man—than anyone else. 
Frost no longer went by his given name. Two years earlier, when an unsupervised eighteen year old, spoiled-rotten, young William was first discovering his father's long denied, rare bourbon cellar, he had made a bet with his uniquely obliging butler and friend. It was a bet on a game of darts; $10,000 put up by the young heir against the butler's promise to change his name to what came first to William's mind if he were to win on that frozen winter night.  The butler prevailed in the first round and good-naturedly accepted a double-or-nothing second round, which William won when a final, drunken lunge at the board gave him a thirteenth dart checkout.
William remembered the bet the next day and insisted that the butler follow through on his promise and he was at court the following day. He dutifully signed documents changing his name from the one William had always ridiculed, John Nuckolls, to Jack Frost.
The butler entered and approached William. "The nursing home called, sir.  They have informed us that your stepmother is near death now. She is awake, aware, and she has requested your presence."
"Ahh."
"Should I call the car around front for you, master?"
"I suppose so. Find me something appropriate to wear."
"Something festive, master?"
"Of course!"
The butler walked, his back ramrod straight, towards an ivory-inlaid mahogany door, opening it and entering the room that warehoused William's wardrobe. He selected a bright Hawaiian-style shirt and khaki pants. He draped them over an arm and selected a pair of topsiders from the shoe rack, then grabbed a pair of socks.  He gave the socks a second thought and put them back.  William never wore a pair of topsiders more than once before throwing them out, so socks were not necessary for any hygiene reason. He placed the items on the bed as William stood in front of the mirror, posing and admiring his body.
"Will that be all, master?"
"What time is it?"
"Eleven-twenty, master. "
"I’ll have my lunch first, then."
"Yes, Master Adler."
The butler bowed as he walked backwards taking his leave. William walked over to his bed and dressed. It was one of the very few things he did like any other man, he put his pants on one leg at a time.

The limousine pulled up to the front of the stately nursing home, but William just sat quietly in the back, finishing his cigarette, considering the new future that was, in all likelihood, now just a matter of hours away. It would no longer be an allowance, generous as it was. Soon it would be full, uncontested control of the vast Adler empire. 
The nursing home occupied an expansive campus of residence halls, support buildings for storage, housing for night shift employees, even a crematorium for the occasional indigent resident whose body and belongings would never be claimed by kin. The antebellum buildings were all connected by a spider web of older cobblestone, and newer, concrete walkways.  He tapped on the privacy partition and his chauffer walked around to open the door for him. As William stepped out of the car he dropped his butt onto the graveled courtyard and ground it out with his heel. As he walked up the steps his chauffeur picked up the remnant and tossed it in a nearby trashcan.
Most people within a hundred miles of Nashville knew the Adler name and the nursing home staff was no exception. The attendants regarded him with a mix of reverence, fear, and perhaps even some appreciation; a mix of emotions that was the respect wealth usually engendered. Though he was tighter than the belt of a fat man in denial, William's stepmother was free with the favors, almost as if she was trying to unload as much wealth as possible before her demise.  With her passing their bonuses would also be gone.
Gloria was alone in her room, lying in a simple twin bed, her sheets and a thin blanket keeping her warm. A dinner plate-sized ashtray on the nightstand hadn't been emptied and was overflowing with stubs covered in bright red lipstick. The room was otherwise devoid of any furniture, decoration or accessories. No art on the walls and no draperies over the windows. Sterile and boring; more of a purgatory than God's waiting room.
"Brought you some cigarettes," William said as he ambled into the room.
"You little shit. I won’t die any quicker than tomorrow, or maybe the day after," the old lady rasped in a barely audible whisper.
William ripped opened the carton, removing a pack, slapping it twice on his wrist and pulling out a cigarette. He tossed it onto the blanket covering her frail body.
"Asshole. Lucky Strikes? Really? Gimme a light." She grasped the filterless cigarette, struggling to place it in her mouth, clamping down with what remained of her lips, a thin, bright line of crimson in an otherwise colorless face.
William leaned in to light the cigarette, intentionally muttering something she could not understand and prolonging to the very end the game of enmity they had practiced since the day they had met, when he was a pre-adolescent and she became his wicked stepmother.
"Feel better?" William asked, smiling broadly.
"Fuck you."
"You’re leaving us soon?"
"Sonuvabitch."
"No, that would make you my mother. You're not. You're just my stepmother. God only knows why."
"Rat bastard."
"I have a pool running as to the exact time…..and where you're going."
"Can’t wait to get your hands on your fortune, can you?"
"Father meant for me to have it all along, you were merely a temporary custodian."
"You have no idea how much is in there, do you?"
William walked over to window,  pausing before answering. "No, but I’m sure you tried your hardest to squander it."
"I tried hard, but I failed. I bought the wildest, most speculative stocks I could lay my hands on. I invested millions in a bankrupt air freight company in Memphis that couldn't even make its payroll. Abandoned emerald mines in Columbia. Hard rock mines in Canada. Barren land in Tokyo. A textile company in Nebraska. And they were all big winners. You’re a rich prick. How're you going to piss it away?"
"I’m ordering a very simple headstone for you, so not there. And no ceremony, or procession, either. Maybe a juggler or a magician, though there'll be no audience to appreciate it."
"Piss off."
"Have another cigarette."
"Light me one," she said, tossing the one from her mouth onto the floor. "And step on that."
William put his heel on the burning stub, grinding it into the linoleum, adding another burn mark to the collection surrounding her bed.
"It’s in the billions."
"I should hope so, it was in the billions when you got your hands on it."
"It must be over five billion now.  Gonna spend it all on yourself?"
"Probably."
"Rot in hell."
"If and when I get there, at least we’ll be able to torment each other once again."
"Nurse!" Gloria attempted a shout and ended up coughing and sputtering instead.
William turned his head in revulsion at the sight of the red spots appearing on the blanket as she coughed up the contents of her lungs. "I’ll get you one," he said.
He walked from the room and motioned to the nurse standing at the ready outside the room. "She wants you, I'm leaving."  With that William walked down the hallway, whistling and playing with his cigarette lighter.
CHAPTER THREE
Abby pulled her compact car up to the front gate of  the Adler estate and rolled down the window, smiling at the guard. "Hi Smitty, it's me, can I go in?"
"Of course Miss Abby, go right on in," the guard answered as he pulled back one of the two massive iron gates.
Abby continued up the driveway passing by rolling lawns, beds of bright May flowers and towering, century-old, magnolia trees leading to the courtyard and imposing front entry. It was a crisp, late spring morning and she was ready for her confrontation with William Adler, soon to become Nashville's richest man with the imminent passing of his stepmother Gloria. Perhaps Tennessee's richest man, or the country's, and therefore the world's. Abby had no idea what his wealth was. The extent of the Adler fortune was a carefully guarded secret.
Abigail Brown was a striking young woman, tall with long brown hair and hazel eyes. She had been a homecoming queen just two years earlier, after a near unanimous vote of the student body. She smoothed the sides of her simple print skirt that was stylishly short; if she were to bend too far forward anyone behind certainly would've got an eyeful. She pulled at her blouse and walked towards the door. Before she reached the door it was opened by the butler, Jack Frost.
"Good day Miss Abby," the butler said.
"Hi Frosty. How're ya doin'?"
"Quite nicely Miss Abby. Here to see Master Adler I presume?"
"Yes. I'll show myself to the library, can you tell him I'm here?"
"He's expecting you?"
"Yes, he is."
"Would you like coffee or tea?"
"Coffee, strong and black, please."
"I know that." Frost gave a slight bow and left in search of his master.
Abby walked around the familiar library as she waited for William to appear. It had only been a few months, but much had changed. As was typical—Jack kept on the household staff mercilessly—the room was clean, verging on sterile. Best she could tell the art was the same, she had never paid much attention to it anyway. But the sofa and easy chair grouping in the center of the room had been changed to a more plush, bigger-cushioned design. She sat down and sank into the cushions. Soon after William entered the room, with his typical flair. Not  an effeminate flair, but still with a distinct swoosh, as if he did not have too much time for the task at hand and wanted to give it an air of urgency, a desire to be done with it.
"Hi Abby, what's shaking?" William asked as he leaned in to give her a kiss. She turned her head as he leaned so that all he caught was her cheek.
"You said it was urgent." His tone had abruptly turned cold and distant.
"A couple of things," she said, biting her lip as he turned his back to her and took two steps to an easy chair and sat down. 
He pulled a cigarette from a crystal bowl on the table and lit it up."Okay, start wherever you want."
Frost brought in a silver tray with a single cup of coffee on it and set it down in front of Abby. She was silent until the butler had left the room, closing the double doors behind himself.
"I was accepted into the nursing school at Vanderbilt University."
"Congratulations. Kinda pricey, though, isn't it?"
"Since I lost both my parents there's an orphans' scholarship fund that will pay the tuition, and I can work for the room and board."
"Nothing like a free ride, huh?"
Abby could taste blood in her mouth as she bit down again on her lip, though much harder this time, as she listened to his insensitive and ironic remark. "Uh," was all she could get out through her clenched teeth. She took a sip of her coffee. "And I'm pregnant."
"Not sure that's worth a congratulation. Who's the father?"
 "You."
William was glad for the cigarette in his hand. Playing with it, and watching the curling smoke allowed him to appear nonchalant, even distracted, masking the first thoughts that crowded his mind, or might've shown on his face. It gave him ample time to frame his response.
"We haven't screwed in two months, you sure it's mine?"
"I'm two months into this."
"Then you've known for over a month? And you're just now coming to tell me? You know, the later you wait, the further along the pregnancy, the more dangerous the abortion. How much money do you need?"
"I've always had irregular periods, you know that. You used to complain that I always got my periods at the most inconvenient times. I think that's why you kept other girlfriends, Bill." She ignored his suggestion that she get an abortion.
An exasperated William stood from his chair, "damn it Abby. You know I hate being called Bill, or Will. Those are names for commoners. Call me by my proper name, William, or don't talk to me at all.  But to tell it like it is, I have no desire or intention of being a father right now."
"Then we have a problem, William."
"It's your fault, you do something about it."
"What a creep you are."
"So what if I am. I live with myself rather easily. And I have more toadies than, well, probably anyone else in the world.  If I didn't want to buy toilet paper I've got people who'd lick me clean."
"You're a disgusting creep."
"Let me make it as plain as I can. I don't care what you think of me. I don't even bother thinking about you anymore, so what's the relevance?"
"It’s not fair, it’s just not fair. It’s your child, after all."
"Come back here in a week. Let me think about what to do. Good bye,  Frost'll show you out." William stood up and left the room, calling out to Frost as he left: "Frost, have the Ferrari ready in twenty minutes, I'm going for a ride."
CHAPTER FOUR

The richly paneled library where William had met with Abby just a few days earlier was now occupied by a half dozen men, some sitting, some standing, in a cloud of smoke.
"Where the hell is he?" one of the pinstripe-suited men asked, exasperation in his voice.
"Calm down, it’s billable time," another reassured him.
The double doors to the library swung open and Frost entered the room. "Master Adler will be with you shortly." He went and opened the windows to clear out some of the accumulated smoke.
Five minutes later William sauntered in, dressed casually, hands in his pockets.
"Hello, gentlemen.  You have some papers for me?"
"Hello, Mister Adler. We don’t  need to read the will, it's just one page and you know what it says, all of it's yours now," the senior attorney replied. "No strings, no covenants, no codicils, no restrictions."
William took a seat behind his massive, dark oak desk, leaned back in the chair and put his feet up. "I know.  But what, exactly, is all of it?"
"We’re not even sure yet.  We're consolidating assets and accounts that were in the custody of two dozen law firms, fourteen accounting firms and we’re still not sure how many banks.  Actually, you own a few of those banks outright. There’s land and physical assets on four continents, there are mines for every imaginable mineral that man would want to mine, bonds in twenty currencies, stocks in a quarter of all the companies on the New York Stock Exchange. Farms, ranches, warehouses filed with antiquities, old master paintings, impressionist paintings and some strange stuff Gloria was buying from American artists."
"What’s it all worth?'
"At this point, and we’re far from done accounting for all the assets, we estimate the value at over nine billion dollars."
"Does anybody, other than you guys, have any idea how much wealth there is in this estate?"
"Probably not. There have been a few reporters trying to get close to us, but we've flushed them out and sent them on their way with nothing to report and an assumption they were sniffing out a nonexistent story."
"I want it to stay that way." William had drawn his features into a snarl as he continued, "I want complete information on at least one child for each of you. Their age, where they go to school, family if they are old enough . . ."
William was greeted by a stony silence, and the room remained that way for an uncomfortably long period until he burst out laughing. "Ha, ha, ha! Just fuckin' with you guys." Then he returned to character, "but, all the same, treat these matters like you would confession, in fact, don't even share any of this with your priest.  I'm your high priest now."
The seesaw William had put his lawyers on was testing them, that was certain. "What about taxes?" he asked.
"If we do nothing then you should lose seventy percent of your fortune."
"Should?"
"Many of the holdings are foreign and unknown to the feds."
"Keep it that way.  I want to lose as little as possible. Understand?" William took his feet down from the desk and reached for a cigarette.
"Yes, sir."
"Which of you is the lead attorney for my account? And how much am I paying you guys now?" William lit the cigarette as all the men looked at the tall, gray-haired man.
"I will, of course, be your lead, in fact your accounts will be my sole responsibility. My time will bill at $105 an hour, associates at $55 and paralegal work at $16 an hour. I hope you understand it's money well spent."
"Yeah, I'm okay with that. Just keep the expenses down, I assume you'll be billing me for those as well?"
"Yes, and we will treat it as if it is our own money. Figuratively, not literally, of course."
"I get it. First things first, though, set me up a personal checking account and move two million over to that. Handle Gloria's arrangements, no service, just burn her and put the ashes in the mausoleum next to Dad's." William had a sudden change of mind. "No, not in the mausoleum, put her out in the cold, in the plot somewhere, maybe next to Ilyana."
"Of course."
"Did she have anything separate from the estate, in her name?"
"About three million dollars, with instructions that it be left to the March of Dimes."
"Can you show that was pilfered from the estate after Dad's death, Samuel?"
"Probably can do that without too much trouble," the lead attorney responded
"Then do it, don't let that donation happen."
"But it's only a tiny portion of the entire estate," one of the junior members of the team piped in.
There was silence as all eyes screwed into tight pinholes and turned on the young man, scowls forming on their mouths. 
"Albert, please go out and start the car, we'll be leaving soon," Samuel said. The silence continued until the young man had left.
"Who was that?"
"Albert Hatfield."
"Remove him from my team, you can keep him as a driver though, if you wish," Adler said.
"Of course. Idealistic intern, sorry about that."
"No more interns, only associates. I'll pay the rate, no paralegals either, even for routine filings."
"Yessir," Samuel said.
"How much does he know about my accounts?"
"Not enough to be any sort of trouble, I'm sure of that."
"Okay, keep it that way."

William had always been content with his lot in life. He was sitting on top of perhaps the greatest personal fortune in the world and now it was simply a matter of determining what he would do with it, though the seed had already taken root. There were very few loose ends that needed tying up. He owed no one anything. The estate was firmly in his control with no codicils, no ambiguities, no uncertainty. In the eyes of the law and the government he was a boy scout.  What he believed to be his only remaining loose end was ushered into the room by the butler, Frost.
"Miss Abby is here to see you, Master Adler."
William was sitting with a magazine open in his lap, a cigarette smoldering in the ashtray and a glass of bourbon in one hand. "Show her in Frost. That'll be all for the day."
"Yes, Master Adler. Thank you and good evening."
Abby took a seat across the coffee table from William. He did not stand, offer her a cigarette or anything to drink. "Hello Abby. Nice to see you again. I guess we’ve some, uhhh, unfinished business to discuss?
"Yes. I’m sorry about Gloria."
"Thank you, but that’s not why you’re here."
"No, William, it’s about the baby."
"Yes, the baby. I’ve an obligation there that I’ll honor."
"You understand why?  I couldn’t possibly support the baby myself. And it won’t be easy for him to grow up without a daddy around."
"A child is a huge responsibility. When's the due date?"
"October 25th."
"What do you want?"
"I’m hoping for a boy."
"What do you want from me?"
"Help. Support. I couldn’t possibly handle the expense as a single mother.  I have no parents, no brothers, no sisters. I'm starting nursing school. I'm really all alone."
"Okay. I can’t have the boy growing up in poverty, now can I? I’ll provide support in the amount of $1000 per month until he turns 18. But there are two conditions that I attach to this support."
"What are they?"
"He will have Williams as his surname; my given name, William, but with my middle initial, an 's' on the end. Pick whatever first name you want. And second, you will reveal to no one that I'm the father. Absolutely no one is to know who the father is."
"Yes, but why?"
"Do you want the grand a month?"
"Yes."
"Then don’t ask any more questions. I'll have my lawyer contact you on this and all future affairs. It’ll be conducted through him. The money will come from a trust fund, I’ll see to that. And if I choose to make contact I will, but you don’t have that option."
"Okay, William. Thank you."
"You’re welcome. Good luck. And take good care of the boy."
CHAPTER FIVE
One of the perks that came with control over the Adler fortune was a magnificent estate built in the style of a regal Bavarian hunting lodge in the quaint, high mountain village of Aspen, Colorado. The mansion had been locked up since the death of William's father as Gloria had no use for cold climates, and high altitudes aggravated her emphysema. It didn't take long for William to have the mansion opened, cleaned, and ready for his occupancy.
There was a long, winding driveway that was clearly visible for its entire length from William's vantage point as he stood on the deck of the timber mansion. Beyond that he could see a Rocky Mountain panorama filling the horizon. He returned his gaze to the driveway and the VW that was struggling up the grade, presumable being driven by Becky, a ravishingly beautiful blond waitress he had met earlier in the day. Why she was waiting tables was a mystery to William. She had poise, great beauty, a flawless complexion, and a figure that could stop a man in his tracks. She had been a Miss America finalist, she told him, but sadly noted there were few spoils for runners-up in that pageant.
He went back inside the house and made his way to the foyer as she parked her wheezing beetle in front of the door.
"Hello, William," Becky greeted him as he opened the door. She had a big, wide smile and was clearly in awe of the scene unfolding before her.
"Hello Becky. Come in, please."
William could be charming, and it was always an indicator that he was pursuing something he wanted very much, but was not assured that he could buy it; that perhaps he would need some other device to claim a victory. He grabbed Becky’s hand and led her into the house, taking her shawl and tossing it on a chair,
"Have a seat, can I get you a drink?"
"Yeah, thanks, a gin fizz?"
"One gin fizz, coming up!"
As he was preparing her drink he called out across the room to her, "I think you should have won the competition, Becky.  Miss Utah didn’t have the talent you have, and certainly not the legs."
"Thank you."
"But, I guess it’s a winner take all proposition in that business. She gets the car, the scholarship, the money, the tour, the modeling contracts, and you get to go back home to Midland and waiting on tables.  Doesn’t seem fair to me, what about you?"  He handed her the drink and sat next to her on the sofa.
Becky crossed her legs towards William and responded "No, it doesn’t, but I’m not staying in Midland. I hope I can do a little better than waiting on tables. Maybe New York next."
"Aren’t you leaving a boyfriend behind? Not that it matters." William ran his hand through the hanging ends of her long hair as she took a sip of her drink.
"Nothing special. I won’t be returning to him."
"Good. Because I have a proposition for you." William tired of small talk easily and went directly to what it was that interested him in Becky; why he had invited her up to his mountain retreat, for an audition of sorts.
"What is it?"
"I want you to bear my child."
Becky gasped, "You’re proposing to me? We just met this morning! You haven’t even kissed me yet!"
William leaned over and kissed her. "There. But, I don’t want to get married. I just want the child. Actually I just want you to have my child. You'll raise him, and there’ll never be any contact between the child, myself, and you, other than the check you get every month. And from time to time, an extra payment with specific instructions with respect to his education, childhood development, that sort of thing. And his college education will be taken care of."
"Doesn’t sound too glamorous to me. In fact, sounds a lot like Midland. Lots of unmarried mothers working in diners to support their kids. Not for me."
"How many of those unmarried mothers get $25,000 up front and $1,000 a month until the kid turns 18?"
"They get welfare, that’s it."
"Yes. And you'll be getting a lot more.  The only other condition is that you give the child the surname of Williams, pick the first name as you wish."
After a long silence Becky set her drink down on the table, turned towards William and ripped open her blouse, exposing her braless breasts. 
* * *
William walked down the wide, monochromatic, linoleum-floored hospital corridor stopping at a door that he carefully pushed open a few inches. The corridor was empty and he proceeded through the doorway, walking up to the large plate-glass viewing window of the newborns' nursery.  Inside the nursery there were a dozen cradles—girls swaddled in pink, boys in blue—and several nurses attending to the newborns. At the front there was a baby boy looking up at him.  The cradle had a hand-written tag on the front that read:

Baby: Patrick Williams       
Mother: Abigail Brown
Father: ______________

He began talking under his breath, with both hands flat against the glass. "Well, son, welcome to the world. You won't know me until the time is right. But someday you'll rule the world. You, and your brothers, and your sisters, will be raised under the guidance of my invisible hand and you'll have the tools and the resources to bring about a new dawn for mankind. Wherever you turn, you will find your siblings in positions of importance, of dominance. If you want to know who is the best at what they do, you'll only need to look for the Williams in the crowd. Of this I am absolutely certain. I am your messiah."
William slid his hands slowly down the glass window bringing them to a rest on the ledge. He turned and disappeared down the hallway as anonymously as he had arrived.
* * *
William's limousine pulled up in front of New York's Waldorf-Astoria Hotel. Snow from an unseasonably late April storm was still heaped in windrows in the gutters separating the streets and sidewalks of downtown Manhattan. Miraculously, one hundred feet in both directions in front of the hotel was cleared of snow, the last of it being carted off in a wheelbarrow by a laborer.  The curb was dry and William pulled himself out of the backseat and trudged up to the revolving entry doors.
The staff had been alerted as to his arrival so he could bypass the registration desk and be taken directly to his luxury suite. He slipped his bellman a fifty dollar bill and explicit instructions that when a Miss Sally Rideout arrived and asked for him she was to be discreetly brought to his room. 
He surveyed his room, the same suite that had been used by presidents, Hollywood stars and other persons of note. The carpeting was rich, the lighting subdued, and the furniture antique, selected from the curated collection that was used to prepare the suite to the individual taste and preference of each patron who had the ability to pay the nightly tariff, the high cost of luxury in the world's greatest city. 
When Sally was ushered into the room William saw that the agents he'd hired to arrange his liaisons were proving their worth.  By the time his seven women in seven days in New York had been selected they had enough rejects to fill a small stadium. But the criteria were tough and not always compatible. The women had to be between the ages of 18 and 24, a minimum of five foot eight, with a slim build and a disease-free physician's report. Beautiful went without saying as did a fairly bright intellect. The agency easily found hundreds to choose from, but the number narrowed quickly when the respondents were further advised what the job was, and were asked if they thought their future prospects were dim enough to accept this offer.
He reviewed his schedule much as any other vacationer would review an itinerary. It was Sally today, then over the following days Samantha, Julie, Olivia, Alice, Susan, then Gertrude. He read Gertrude's stats and concluded that it was an ancestral name as all indications were she was American born and bred.
There was a knock at the door and he shouted "Come on in!" 
The bellhop opened the door and Sally confidently walked in, smiling shyly as she approached the couch where her encounter was sitting. "You must be Gary," she said, using the alias that had been supplied by the agent.
"I am . . . Sally, right?"
"Yes. Are you expecting others to show up?"
"Not today," William smiled.
"This is quite a suite you have, at quite a hotel. You're pretty rich, aren't you?"
"Rich enough to be able to make good on the offer you were given. You look to be everything I was told you would be. And I can promise you, I'm everything you were told I would be."
"I've been disappointed before. My bar isn't set too high anymore."
"Are you at all uncomfortable? Would you like a drink, to loosen yourself up?"
"I don't drink much at all, not sure what that would do to me. Guess since we both know why I'm here don't need to get me drunk first," she giggled. "Besides, you're kinda handsome, maybe I'll enjoy this for more than just the money."
"It doesn't end with the money. You need to carry a child and raise him, or her, to eighteen."
"I know that. I kinda like the idea of being a mom, and being a single mom these days doesn't carry the shame it once did."
"I like your attitude. Wish I could meet more ladies like you."
"I'm sure you can meet all you need, because you don't have much competition, there aren't too many guys like you out there." She paused a moment before continuing. "How many more ladies like me do you want, or need, to meet?"
"I didn't mean anything by that, here's a drink," he said, handing her a glass.
"Thank you. Can you tell me anything about yourself? Where you're from? How you got rich? Brothers, sisters? Sports you play? Anything?"
"I'd be happy to tell you what I think, what I like, but I can't tell you much about who I am."
Sally gulped down the drink. "Hell, let's just hop in the sack. I'm getting kinda horny myself anyway."

Sally leaned up against the headboard of the ornate bed with the sheets pulled to below her breasts. William sat on the edge of the bed rubbing a hand over the top of his head.
"Well, that was certainly unusual. When do I get my money?" Sally asked.
"Soon as we get a doctor’s confirmation that you're pregnant."
"And I get nothing if I’m not pregnant?"
"Just the two hundred dollars I already gave you, and you get to try again."
"Big deal. And what is it again if I am pregnant?"
"Twenty-five grand, ten thousand with confirmation you're pregnant, the rest when you deliver. And a grand a month after that until the child turns eighteen."
"Will you be there for the birth?"
"No."
"First day of school?"
"No."
"Graduation?"
"No."
"Wedding Day?"
"No. You're asking too many questions."
"If you want nothing to do with the child why are you bothering to have one? Makes no sense to me." Sally pulled a cigarette from her purse and lit it.
"It doesn’t need to make any sense to you.  And don’t smoke, it’s bad for the baby," he said, pulling the cigarette from her mouth and stubbing it out in the ashtray.
CHAPTER SIX
 Sidney Dewalt had been a childhood friend of William's despite being ten years his senior.  Sid knew that the Adler family was a source of great mystery, and rumors of great wealth. He knew a good thing when he saw one and he nurtured the friendship with just the right dose of deference, bordering on veneration. He had cemented William's enduring friendship and trust a year earlier when he had arranged for witnesses to gin up testimony implicating their mutual friend, Duke Nuckolls, the son of William's butler, Jack Frost, for the cold-blooded manslaughter William had committed.
 All those years of hard work and putting up with William's vanity and arrogance were now paying off for Sid. William had given him a brand new Lamborghini Silhouette as a thank you for recent services and then proposed that Sid be kept on retainer as his 'mechanic,' though he would never touch any of William's cars.  Sid accepted, but always keep in the back of his mind that perhaps his patron had given him an exotic, street legal racecar in the hopes that he would someday wrap it around a lamppost and take his secrets with him.
"Sid, I've got a job for you, stop by later today," William told his friend over the phone.
"Sure, what's a good time? Four o'clock?"
"Make it a bit earlier, going to the theater tonight. You want to join me?"
"Maybe. Can I let you know when I stop out there?"
"Sounds good, see you in a while, I'll be on the tennis court."
When Sid arrived he found William, having resoundingly lost the match without scoring a single point, berating his tennis pro. "Look, Bjorn, you gotta help me improve my game. I know you can play well, can't you do anything more to help me?"
"You are too tired now, tomorrow we play again, you rest, okay?" the tennis player said in a heavy Nordic accent.
"Okay, tomorrow."
As the tennis player left with his long, blond hair blowing in the wind and a towel wrapped around his neck, Sid approached. "Who's that?" he asked.
"I dunno, a Danish, or Norwegian or Swedish, or something, tennis player. He's winning lots of tournaments now, but can't teach worth a shit. I'd expected more, you have no idea how much I'm paying him to make me a better tennis player."
"Too bad. You looked pretty good from what I could see, walking up here."
"What do you know about tennis," William snorted. 
"Very little."
"Yeah, sit down," William said, pointing to a small table set with an intricately embossed silver pail filled with ice and cold beer. "I'm working on a new project and need you to start finding some discrete lawyers around the country for me. To start with I'll need about two dozen, I'll send you a fax with the cities or metropolitan area. Each lawyer should be a single office, local guy, low profile, if you can determine that, and he'll be setting up twenty trust accounts in order to make regular monthly payments to twenty different people, as directed by me."
"As usual, you don't want me to ask you too many questions, but what do I tell them?"
"You can tell them that they'll earn a thousand dollars per trust fund, per year, for simply authorizing the payments and providing a simple status report on the recipient every year. If they need to know more then they aren't right for the job."
"Simple enough. But still, maybe I should have some kind of cover story to give them, even a dull country attorney is gonna think this a little strange."
"Okay. Tell them it'll be for a sweepstakes and the trust account is to disburse funds to the winners."
"That should work. Start right away?"
"Yeah. You going to the theater with me tonight?"
"Sure, what time?"
"We'll pick you up around six."
"What are we seeing?"
"I dunno, something about an orgy. But the lady playing a character called Bess is a real knockout, I want to meet her."
Sid hopped in his Lamborghini and sped away, completely puzzled as to why William would need four hundred and eighty trust accounts to disburse, at $1000 each per month, nearly six million dollars a year.  William did partition his affairs sufficiently well that one hand would have no idea what the other was doing. His lawyers knew how much wealth he had, but no idea what he was doing with the money. His mechanic, Sid, knew what he was doing with his money, but had no idea how much wealth he had.

The value of the orchestra seats at the Nashville Theater was lost on both William and Sid as they sat fidgeting throughout the first act, not even bothering to return to their seats for the second act. William had not had the slightest clue that Porgy and Bess was an operatic theater production about a slum-dwelling, black community in Charleston, South Carolina, some sixty years earlier. Did not know that the themes were drugs and abuse and poverty and rape. Perhaps, had he known, he would have overlooked them so greatly was he captivated by the beautiful face, smiling demurely from the theater bill he'd been handed the day he decided to meet the woman playing this role. His not seeing what might have given him hesitation was understandable, as the theater industry still made it a practice then to hire black leading ladies of North African ancestry who could pass for Caucasian in their black and white publicity stills with their straight auburn hair, aquiline noses and full, but not puckered lips. 
So instead of sitting through the second act they made their way to the upper floor lounge where they proceeded to drink heavily while waiting for the play to end and they could gain backstage access with their passes. William had already arranged for a local florist to deliver two dozen red roses to Darlene Parsons, the lead in whom he had developed an interest. Following the final bow William and Sid were informed they were now welcome to come around back and meet the cast.
Though William was well learned and educated, the extent of his knowledge and appreciation for theater was knowing that the actors were properly called thespians.  But he could always punt on his lack of knowledge and lead his victims to believe he was an empathetic, worldly, and caring patron. That was the persona the cast of Porgy and Bess was introduced to that night. The management of the theater, at William's urging and expense, was busy pouring from a dozen bottles of Dom Perignon while serving plate after plate of canapés from silver platters being held by servants in crisply pressed black and white.
Darlene Parsons sat on the sofa next to William.  Her skin in the muted light of the green room was flawless and, indeed, a very light brown that William found pleasing. Her eyes were a fiery green, her hair auburn colored, long and lustrous. She slipped one leg over the knee of the other exposing her legs halfway up the thigh. William shifted his legs so they were crossed away from her, to better conceal his erection. She sipped her champagne while William swirled the bubbly in his flute. 
"I enjoyed your performance on stage tonight," he said.
"Apparently. That was a wonderful bouquet you presented at the curtain call."
"Well, it wasn't only the performance, you’re also a beautiful woman.  I’m sure you’re getting bouquets all the time."
"Not as often as you might think. And they’re usually from old, married men looking for a mistress. Usually I ignore them.  But in your case, well, one of the other girls in the company said she knew your address well. She said a tour of The Palace is quite an event."
"They call my place The Palace?"
"Yes."
"That’s not good. I try to maintain a low profile. I’ve no desire to be well known inside or outside the community."
"Don’t worry. The girl who called your place The Palace says she went to grade school with you. None of the others had ever heard of you, or the house."
"What’s her name?"
"Nicole Benson, but she left already."
"What's Nicole up to?"
"She was a spear carrier in the second act, you might have missed her, she was made up to look like one of us, a favor to her mother by the producer, blackface is really frowned on now. And she's looking for a husband too, like the rest of us."
"Ask her to give me a call."
"You looking for a wife?"
"No, not at all. Just would like to talk to her. We were friends."
"I will. After I’ve had a chance to size up the situation myself," she said, smiling.
"Can I talk you into having dinner with me Friday, out at The Palace?"
"We perform Friday nights, this is the theater, remember. But I'm off Thursday. Do I need to bring a chaperone?"
"No, I'm a perfect gentleman. Besides, the household staff will be there as well."
"Household staff? Okay, how do I get there?"
"Don't worry, I'll have my driver come and get you. What is your address?"
Darlene picked a pencil up off the coffee table and jotted down her address on a napkin, handing it to William. 
"Great, I'll have him come by and get you on Thursday, say 5:15?"

William did not have to do anything to prepare for a dinner guest other than to tell Frost "I'll be having a lady over for dinner Thursday night, six p.m., code yellow." Frost knew immediately that it would be a first time visit for the young lady and that William already held her in high regard. Spare no expense to please and impress her. While William went about his business of entertaining himself Frost went about his, preparing for the dinner in much the way the White House would prepare for a visiting head of  state, just more intimate.
Three wines were selected from the cellar, the ingredients ordered from as far away as New York and Chicago, flown in overnight to Memphis by a new outfit—that William discovered he now owned a piece of,  called Federal Express—that specialized in rapid air shipments. Frost called in two sous chefs  to assist William's personal chef and everything appeared set for an evening that, while ordinary for William, would be a dazzling experience for Darlene.
When Darlene arrived in the forty-foot long limousine, precisely at six o'clock, William was standing outside his front door waiting. He opened the door himself and took her arm, helping her out, shock and awe leaving her wide-eyed. 
"Nicole wasn't kidding," was all she could say.
The evening was pleasant and the ground dry so William took her arm and escorted her for a tour of the estate immediately adjacent to the mansion.  She spied the stables in the distance and professed a love for horses so William raised an arm and one of the shadowing groundskeepers was there in an instant with an electrified cart. After helping Darlene aboard he waved the man away, taking the wheel himself.  As was to be expected, William had the fastest, most expensive golf cart that existed and in a mad dash he raced over to the stables with Darlene holding on for her life.
William's casual interest in the workings of his stables and stud service had him consulting the placards hanging over the stall doors as they strolled down the two hundred foot alley.
"How many horses do you own?' Darlene asked, her eyes wide in astonishment.
"I have no idea," was the simple response. "Don't know where they come from or where they go, though I was invited to the Preakness last May, guess I had a horse running there."
"That's the extent of your interest?"
"It's another business, not much else. I ride them when I play polo, but other than that, not much. But will say, a beautiful horse is something to see."
"This one was sired by Secretariat?" Darlene asked as she stopped at one stall. The horse walked a few steps over and began examining her as she stroked the bridge of his nose.
"Yes. I'm pretty sure we have some descended from Man 'o War and Seabiscuit, too. All premium stock, that I can assure you."

Upon their return to the mansion Frost ushered them into the dining room where he had set the head of the table and the seat to William's immediate right for the couple. For the next two hours, as they engaged in small talk, which consisted mostly of Darlene's probing questions and William's evasive answers, the servants brought course after course of the finest foods, most of which Darlene had never tasted before. She commented that enough food had been served to feed a family of twenty, but was feeling so privileged by this display that she avoided voicing her true thoughts and the thoughtlessness of such waste in a time of hardship for so many.
"Shall we retire to the parlor room?" William asked as he wiped a remnant of the last mouthful of crème brûlée from his lips.
"That would be nice," Darlene said as a servant pulled her chair back from the table and she stood.
Arm in arm they walked to the seldom used parlor room, whose sole purpose lately had been to be where he received and opened the day's mail, and to showcase a collection of contemporary pop art. Much of the art was of little interest to either of the two, though they were both familiar with the names; Hockney, Warhol, Pollock, Rauschenberg, and others. He guided her towards a seat, supremely confident that he had sufficiently wowed her and that he could ask, and receive, as he pleased.
"I'll show you around after we’ve had a chance to talk a bit. But I must ask that the tour and the conversation remain confidential."
"Keeping that profile low?"
"Yes. Besides, the proposition I have for you is rather unusual."
"What proposition do you have for me?"
"I want you to have my child. I don’t want to get married though. I'll pay you $25,000 up front and $1,000 a month until the child turns eighteen."
"You're funny. That's the funniest proposition I have had yet."
"It’s not for fun. I'm absolutely serious." William was expressionless, almost appearing bored.
"You are serious, aren’t you?" she asked, incredulous.
"Dead serious."
"What kind of woman do you think I am?! A whore? That’s the rottenest suggestion I have ever heard in my life!" Darlene screamed at William in a genuine rage, throwing her drink in his face.
William sank down low in the sofa, shock and then annoyance showing on his face. "I take it that's a no then?" He knew he'd completely misread the situation and now just wanted to put the episode behind himself, even if it meant casting her out if she would not accommodate him by leaving of her own accord, and without delay.
Darlene stormed from the room, swinging the door open so forcefully it snapped off the stop and slammed up against the wall. William heard the front door slam shut and then shortly after Darlene screaming at the bewildered chauffeur to take her home immediately.
 He wiped his face dry with his handkerchief and removed his soaked shirt, all the while muttering "damn feminists." It was warm enough that he did not bother going upstairs to find a dry shirt, instead just leaning back and sighing, a newly lit cigarette in his hand.  "There has to be a better way," he said, continuing his growling to the empty room.
Lowering his head he spied the day's mail sitting in a bundle on the coffee table. Reaching over, he sorted it into stacks until coming across an obscure journal he had recently subscribed to, EUGENICS TODAY. Below the nameplate was a headline,  “Doctor Gephardt: Renegade at work, page 39.” 
Opening the journal to that page he saw a picture of a frail, but still somewhat youthful man in a white lab coat standing before a tin-roofed shack with an impoverished, brown-skinned family standing beside him. The large-type first paragraph continued: “Working out of a poorly-equipped Argentinean laboratory, German geneticist Doctor Günter Gephardt claims that he has discovered the key to genetic pre-determination that will, some day, allow life to evolve beyond the imperfections that random selection offers.” 
Absorbed, he began reading the article, but found a number of terms he did not understand and he moved on to the library where he kept a large leather bound dictionary on an ornate, mahogany bookstand. The bookstand had once graced Jefferson's Monticello library and when William's father bought it from a theological seminary in New York he turned down the opportunity to also purchase, for a quarter million dollars, the complete two volume copy of Gutenberg's Bible that sat on it. The two volume set sold for nearly ten times that a decade later, in 1978. The leather bound dictionary had been the property of Benjamin Franklin and William quickly found that all the terms he did not understand were also not to be found in a two hundred year old reference book. He summoned Frost to the library.
"Frost, I need a modern dictionary, do you have one?"
"Not in my possession, Master Adler."
"I need one now, see what you can do."
It was ten o'clock in the evening and all the stores had closed until morning. But Frost was nothing if not resourceful, and he had a copy from Nashville's Vanderbilt University library at William's doorstep within the hour. 
"Here is the most up-to-date, comprehensive dictionary to be had, Master Adler," he said, handing the seven pound volume to William.
"Thanks Frosty, see you tomorrow."
Frost took his leave and William was left by himself. Just him, his magazine, his dictionary and his depraved thoughts. Thoughts that were rapidly turning very, very evil.
William flipped back to the masthead to see who was publishing this disturbing, but intriguing journal. It was a group he had never heard of, dominated by men with Germanic names. William walked over to his desk, picked up the phone, and placed a call to his mechanic, Sid.
"Sid, it's William."
"Hi William. How'd the date with that gal from the theater go?"
"Oh that. Went okay, but have moved along already."
 "Sure, what can I do for you today?"
"There's a scientist down in Argentina named Doctor Günter Gephardt, in a small city called Rio Cuarto. I think that he's an ex-Nazi from Hitler's science ministry. In any case, just reading an article about him and I want to employ him here. You need to get on the next plane to Argentina and tell him he has a new job. All the funding he needs, and a free hand to pursue his research. He won't want for anything. Get him up here by next month if you can. He probably can't get a visa to enter, so smuggle him in if you need to; new identity, whatever it takes."
"Sounds urgent."
"It is. I'll have an errand boy bring by the magazine with the story about him in it, but I think that's all I can give you. Make sure you grab the right guy, I'll bet Argentina is still crawling with Nazis."
"I'm on it, I'll fly down there tomorrow."
"Okay, thanks. Keep me updated."
The next day William consulted his calendar and saw that he had a number of liaisons arranged for Aspen, with the first being the following day. He summoned Frost and had him arrange for the jet to be fueled and ready for the two hour flight up to the Rockies.

William's phone rang, he was sitting in the living room of his Aspen villa entertaining yet another in the long string of beautiful women that his agents were supplying him at the rate of very nearly one a day. The fatigue was clearly showing in his face, and in a more arduous performance when in bed with these lovely escorts.
He was glad to take the call from Sid. "Hi Sid. How's the weather down in Argentina?"
"Weather is fine, but it's slower going then we had hoped for. The location for your doctor, the city of Rio Cuarto, was a ruse, they've never heard of him here."
"What next then?"
"I have an associate back in the states trying to track down the reporter, but seems that the publisher and the publication, and just about everything associated with them, is really hot to touch."
"That's why I pay you the good money."
"I know, not making excuses, just sayin'. I'll need another day or two. Lemme call you tomorrow with hopefully some better news."
"Okay, if you need to break a few legs that's within your purview."
"Understood. Call you tomorrow, same time."  Sid hung up the phone.
"Sorry about that Ellen, but I'm done for the day now." 
"It's Eileen," she replied, though not at all annoyed.
"Eileen, of course, sorry. How was the trip to Aspen?"
"Wonderful, thanks. The flight was good, the taxi ride from the airport was a bit long, guess I was expecting you to pick me up."
"I  meant to, but just too much business to take care of. Nice weather though." William's boredom was showing through, so he suggested they get right to business. "Well, let's get to it, your flight out is tonight, shouldn't waste more time."
"You're my boss for the day, so whatever you say." She did smile, having already accepted the job for what it was, though the agency had thoroughly researched her and determined this was not her profession.
William lay listlessly in bed next to Eileen who was, by all accounts, drop-dead beautiful. But he couldn't get an erection, even as she caressed him, trying to get a rise. "I don't do anything for you?" she asked, a tinge of sadness in her voice.
"I dunno. You're beautiful, you smell great, taste great, everything about you is perfect. Guess I'm just running on empty."
"You have a wife that's running you down?" Eileen asked,  probingly.
"No, no wife, no girlfriend."
"You like boys?" she asked teasingly.
"Oh God, NO!" William shouted, genuinely offended. "I'm not a faggot."
"Of course not, I was just joking." She pressed her hand to his chest. "You're pretty rich, aren't you?"
"Fabulously wealthy, but that's all you get from me."
"That, plus the $25,000 and $1,000 a month."
"If you get pregnant, better hope it's your time of the month."
"Better hope that, and that you get a little harder," she said, squeezing on his penis. "I didn't see a clause in the contract in case this happened."
"It's never happened before."
"Then it is me, isn't it?"
"Maybe."

The following day, with Eileen safely gone and his lack of performance just a fleeting memory, William had his driver take him out to the executive airport just north of town. He was arriving unannounced and upon discovering that his pilot was entertaining a woman of his own aboard the Learjet he pulled him aside, instructing him to go to his hotel, have breakfast, take a shower and wait for a call.
"Yes sir, Mister Adler. Let me get Susan and we'll head into town immediately."
"That won't be necessary, Hank," William said while boarding the plane. "I'll send her into town with my driver in a little bit."
Hank stammered a protest but caught himself quick enough so as to only let forth with what sounded, at worst, like a burp. "Yes sir, I'll be back out here soon as I get the call."
William boarded the plane to find Hank's friend Susan sitting in the captain's chair, swiveling to the right, then left, then right again, already enjoying a drink of some sort from the bar, despite the early hour in the day.
"Just as I expected," William said. "My pilot Hank has always shown terrific taste in women, you appear to be no exception." She smiled coyly at William as he held his hand out.
"I'm William Adler, this is my Learjet, Hank is my pilot, and I want to make you my . . . friend."
It really was quite astonishing how the trappings of extraordinary wealth, without any apparent promise or hint that it was available for sharing, could open up any door William desired. Susan's response was a direct, unambiguous confirmation of this fact: "I'll be whatever you want me to be. I mean, anything you want."
"You like my jet?" he asked.
"Yes, it's very nice, maybe a little small." She laughed easily as she put her highball glass to her lips. "But much bigger than my jet," she started laughing uncontrollably, apparently Hank had been plying her with drinks for some time before he had arrived. There was also the unmistakable odor of burnt marijuana in the air.
"I'm making an offer right now on a Convair 880 that Delta Airlines has for sale, so next time you see me maybe it'll be in a real flying home, not just a flying car."
"I have no idea what a Corvette 880 is."
"A Corvette is a car, the Convair is a passenger jet that seats over 100 people. It's a used jet, they want a quarter million dollars for it. It'll be my mobile home."
"That's a lot of money. You could probably buy ten homes, with front and back yards, for that kind of money."
"Oh, some day in the not too distant future a quarter million won't even be enough to buy a modest, three bedroom suburban home in America." William walked over to the music console at the rear of the plane. "What would you like to listen to?" 
"Ummm, do you have Carly Simon's new album?"
William rummaged through a box of cassette tapes until he finally gave up. "Sorry, no Carly Simon."
"What about the Beatles?"
"I have that."
"Beatles'll do just fine."
William put the cassette tape in the deck and sat down across from Susan and smiled. "Tell me about yourself."
"Oh, heck," she said, surveying the interior of the airplane. "You wanna screw, or what?"
CHAPTER SEVEN

There was lots of work to be done before Doctor Gephardt arrived and not all of it could be entrusted to William's minions. William was anticipating that arrival with more and more excitement, and no apprehension at all. He was absolutely sure of himself and his grand plan.
Frost greeted him as he walked up to the front door of his home. "Welcome back Master Adler. It has been, I am happy to report, quite uneventful in your absence."  The butler ushered William into the house as his driver grabbed the bags from the trunk and piled them in front of the door.
"Good, good, just the way I like it. A scotch in the library." 
William followed the butler in and took a seat behind his desk. Frost set William's rare scotch down on a coaster in front of him and took his leave.  As he watched the butler close the door behind himself William spun a combination lock on the bottom drawer and pulled a tooled leather accountant's binder from the drawer and opened the cover. He examined the first page with its twenty-five entries, trying to instantly recall the details of each encounter as he ran his finger down the page, stopping only if he got momentarily stuck.  He turned the page and repeated the exercise, finally pulling his finger away when he got to a half-filled page seven. 
The phone rang. It was, as promised, Sid calling in with his 24-hour follow up call. "Hi William, caught a lucky break, one of the photos in the magazine showed the back end of a car and a license plate number. You want to guess how cheaply you can bribe a cop down here to run a plate number?"
"Not really, you know I don't care for details."
"Okay, sorry. That finally helped me to track him down, and spent all morning talking with him, just now getting him to take me seriously. He wants to wrap up a few loose ends here then he'll be on his way. He claims that he was acquitted at the Physician's Trials at Nuremberg and that he should have no more trouble than anyone else in getting a work visa."
"Wonderful news, so how much longer you figure until he's on his way?"
"I think before the end of the month we'll be winging north out of Buenos Aires. Mind if I stay down here 'til then on your dime? The trout fishing in the local rivers is pretty darn hot. Small trout, but with light line and the right fly, it's great."
"Isn't it winter down there right now?"
"It is, but I'm in far north Argentina, more like perpetual spring. I could make this home, with the fishing, the weather, and some pretty hot ladies too."
"You know how much use I have for fishing. Have at it, enjoy yourself, you're doing good work. And don't come back unless you have the doctor with you."
"Okay. See ya in a cupl'a weeks."
"Three weeks, tops. Grease the skids, even normal channels get sticky."
"Three weeks, tops."
William returned to the open ledger on his desk. Each line on the page had a hand written entry: Mother’s name, address, date of encounter, date of birth, male/female, child’s name. He walked over to his bulky fax machine and retrieved a small pile of curling thermal paper that had accumulated in his absence. Once they were smoothed out on his desk he began transcribing the information into his account book.  Samantha Jones, who had been a 'date' of his, sixty days earlier in New York, had her pregnancy confirmed to William's agent's satisfaction. The due date was January 2, 1978, a New Year's baby.
He looked at the next leaf of fax paper. Albert Warren Williams had been born to Jessica Kennedy on July 1st, a day earlier. "Number 100," he smiled to himself. He turned back a few pages towards the beginning of the book until he found the entry for Jessica, back in November. He entered the new data and tried desperately to recall Jessica's face, he could not. It didn't matter. None of this tired, old method of procreating mattered much anymore. He was soon to embark on a  brave new enterprise that would eliminate all the uncertainty, all the hazard, all the imperfections of an archaic process.
For the next month, and with a speed that only unlimited resources could allow, William set about preparing his facility for the imminent arrival of Doctor Günter Gephardt. He'd hired a crew to renovate a vacant building he'd found, and that he already owned, in a portfolio of facilities filling several ledgers. 
The company, the marquee, the public relations campaign; it was all a front, hopefully it would stir up little interest and quickly fade from the business pages and consciousness of the community. William wanted as much obscurity as a man with his wealth could possibly have. As he impatiently paced about the building while the crews did their work he would frequently retire to his spacious second floor office. The office had been appointed with furnishings pulled from yet another warehouse storing the vast collection his father had put together over his lifetime. He stood up and walked from behind his oversized desk and to the large picture window. Though he could easily have afforded the most remarkable of views in all Tennessee he instead chose this, a rundown, non-descript, two-story building sandwiched between a junkyard and a ready mix concrete plant. It was dull and uninviting, and just what William wanted.
With Sid going about his business in Argentina and feeling that he was just getting in the way as the Earth Sciences facility took shape under the best supervision money could buy, William decided to take one last exotic trip before he found himself committed to the new project. With his Learjet fueled, and his pilot already advised to pack for an extended trip, he took off for a European holiday and even managed to father a half dozen children during those travels.
CHAPTER EIGHT
William sat at his desk in the Earth Sciences building. With all the nervousness of a high school senior awaiting his prom date he spied a large black limousine moving down the driveway. It was his own limo, and he was soon to meet Doctor Gephardt. He watched as a somewhat hunched over older man opened his own door and pulled himself out of the car. From his vantage point all William could see was a startling shock of bright white hair. 
As the man came closer William studied his bent figure and could see that Doctor Gephardt was not, and never could have been, one of the strapping young Huns that were recruited into the Nazi war machine at the beginning of the war; men capable of driving fear and quick surrender before them as they steamrolled across borders, intimidating country after country into submission as the Third Reich reached its ascendancy. Rather, he looked more like the dregs that were drafted into the army as it breathed its last gasp resisting the allied onslaught. They had been the boys and old men; men who had early in life been relegated to the roles of baker, haberdasher and watch repairman; not the butchers, longshoremen and steel workers.
The old man looked around and made towards the front door. Once inside he walked up to the front desk, furtively looking around as he did so.
"Hello, Miss. I am here to see Herr Adler. I am sorry, Mister Adler."
"Your name please?" the receptionist asked.
"Doctor Günter Gephardt." He was displeased to see that she was chewing gum, and that she made no attempt to conceal that fact.
The receptionist picked up her phone and called William's office. "Mister Adler, there's a Doctor Gephardt here to see you."
"He's ready to see you," the receptionist said, standing and walking around to the front of the desk. "Please follow me Doctor Gephardt." 
They took the elevator up the single floor and then walked down a short hallway past a number of large plate glass windows, all with blinds lowered. She opened the door to William's office and ushered the doctor in, then took her leave.
"Mister Adler?" Doctor Gephardt asked.
"Yes, I am. Please, have a seat, Doctor Gephardt. I am really quite excited to finally meet you."
"That was a large sum of money your agent gave to me when he asked—no, demanded—that I visit with you."
"I was not about to take "no" for an answer."
"Very well. I am here now. Why did you want to see me?"
"Please, please, let's get to know each other a little first!  I learned a bit about you from the article in EUGENICS TODAY, then a little bit more when I finally tracked down the reporter who interviewed you in Argentina—but don't worry, he did not betray you. I offered him tremendous sums of money and still he would not tell me where you were. My agent, Sid, he's the one who tracked you down. I trust you two got along well? So you see, I already know a bit about you. So I'll tell you about me, alright?"
"Sounds like a good place to start."
"I'm a very wealthy man, and still young, very young. I have an entire lifetime to make good use of that fortune. That's what I plan on doing. I am also generous, but only when called for. I wish to be incredibly generous to you. I have a selection of ten homes in the area that you can take a look at. Pick one, any one, and it's yours. I have already purchased them so no need to wait. Someone will take you furniture shopping, clothes shopping, car shopping, whatever you desire. And it's all yours, free and clear, my gift to you."
"That is most generous, but my needs are simple. It is my science where I hope we can spare no expense."
"That too is taken care of. These facilities are state of the art for genetic research, more advanced than any company or government in the world. And no restrictions on wherever you think we should take this science."
"Most promising. Most promising." The doctor was nodding his head vigorously.
William stood and walked to the window. He stood gazing into the distance, adding a stony silence that would give emphasis to his next words, to set a dramatic mood to convince the doctor of his seriousness and commitment to the enterprise he was proposing.
"Look around you.  What do you see but a lot of miserable people leading miserable lives," William said, staring out his office window. "You have some experience with creating a superior race, don’t you?"
"Yes, there was a time I had unlimited resources, but we ran out of time. Now I have time, but no resources down in Argentina."
"I’m interested in your genetic research. I’m prepared to offer you unlimited resources and whatever salary you need for personal purposes if you’ll conduct your research out of my laboratory, and cancel any plans you might have to return to Argentina. I was informed by my agent that you're working with rather modest resources in Argentina."
"That may be the case, but if you are at all familiar with my research then you will know that Argentina supplies me with an unlimited number of subjects, also critical to my research."
"I'll supply that as well. Even though you had no access to computing machines in Germany, or Argentina for that matter, I've installed a Cray-1 supercomputer that cost me nearly nine million dollars. There is only one other in the world like it, and the government owns that one. I have a team hired that knows how to use it, so you don't need to learn the technology, just tell them what you want analyzed and they'll do it." William had returned to his chair and leaned back, lighting a cigarette before continuing. 
"I've spared no expense, you can take your research in any direction you want," William took a long, deliberate drag on his cigarette, exhaling slowly. "Just one small condition."
"And what is that?"
"You will concentrate on using the genetic material from a single subject."
"Who is that subject?"
"Myself."
"You?"
"Yes, myself. How many exact genetic duplicates of myself can you create?"
"It all depends, though they will not be exact duplicates, close, but not exact. How many wombs can you supply to serve as hosts for the little Adlers? This issue is being worked on in many places around the world, and success is imminent. But the research is carefully guarded, there is fear that it will be misused. Many would say your intentions are a terrible misuse of the technology."
"Do you consider it a misuse?"
"No, not at all. I presume that you have a sound collection of genes?"
"Never been sick a day in my life. I really think I am perfect in all respects. I know I am perfect in all respects."
"And wombs?"
"Would thousands of surrogate wombs suffice?"
"With your resources there is probably no limit to what we can accomplish. Do you have a goal?"
"As I just said, thousands."
"Then, by all means, let us get to work immediately." The doctor's face had lit up and a smile, that his countenance suggested was not possible, danced across his lips. "Will you tell me why you wish to undertake this wonderful  enterprise?" Doctor Gephardt asked.
"I—in fact, all of us—are the result of an unbroken chain of evolution. From the very beginning of life on this planet we are the ultimate result of an unbroken progression of procreation.  I happen to believe that my genetic code is one of  perfection. Look at all the losers around us, and then look at myself. There can be no doubt that this genetic code I am carrying is worth duplicating. The world will be a better place for it."
"I will be honored to carry out this mission.  I will need to prepare a lengthy list of supplies, materials and equipment.  As I said, the technology we are talking about is still rather theoretical and I will not have access to all of what is out there. The first test tube baby is still only in theory."
"I have been busy here. You will find the lab already stocked. I have the technicians, but they are not to know too much about what is going on. Can you construct a cover to deceive them? If the technology is out there I will buy it, I have the resources, I will accomplish it."
"Yes, I can. Meet me in the lab at nine tomorrow morning. And bring a sexy magazine with you."
William was ecstatic with his new venture and sure that Gephardt would prove to be everything he had hoped for, perfect in all ways. Except for his habit of pronouncing 'th-' as 'z-', and 'w-' as 'v-'. He was smart, erudite, and spoke the English language passably well. That he was evil, and not at all concerned with whatever direction the project might take, was a blessing. Since the doctor seemed quite helpless to avoid calling him 'Villiam,' and he hated that even more than a commoner's nickname, he gave him leave to do the one thing that he would permit no one else to do, to call him Bill.

William was up and dressed and out of the house the next morning before his accustomed time and taking Frost by surprise. "Sir, I see you are set to leave?" Frost asked.
"Yes, do as you like today, polish the silver if nothing else."
Frost smiled. "Perhaps I will take a nice walk through the gardens, lovely morning, make sure the groundsmen are doing their job properly."
"You do that, I'll be out all day."
Remembering Doctor Gephardt's advice from the day before he stopped at the local convenience store and asked to see the behind-the-counter selection of magazines. The cashier stood aside and pointed to a magazine stand showing several titles where only the nameplate was showing, the content being covered by a plain sheet of cardboard. He could see Playboy, Penthouse, Hustler—all of which he was familiar with—and an unfamiliar one, Chic.
"What's that one, Chic?" he asked.
"It's something new, published by the Hustler people, just a little more classy."
"Should be interesting to see how they make that trash classy, gimme a copy. How much?"
"Two and a quarter, mister."
William handed him three dollar bills, taking the magazine and telling him to keep the change.
"You want a bag for that?"
"Nah, this is fine, thanks."
At the Earth Science offices William found Doctor Gephardt quickly becoming familiar with the new wonderland fate had given him in which to practice his wicked science. When he saw William he greeted him with joy. "My dear friend Herr Adler.  I cannot tell you how wonderful it is to find you have given every thought to my needs. This is truly a world-class facility, unlike anything I ever dreamed or knew was possible. I think we should be able to proceed with your plan in very short order."
"It's important work we are doing, you deserve to have the best."
"You do know that most of the rest of the world will fail to appreciate what we are doing? They will frown on this. How will we avoid detection?"
"I have given that much thought. Tracking developments back to here will not be easy. And if anyone manages to do so, then I have a security team that knows no fear, and understands what is involved in silencing someone. I don't think you have any problems with silencing those who would stand in our way, do you?"
"None whatsoever."
"Good. Once we have gone through our selection process we will hire a routine fertility clinic in the mother's hometown to harvest an egg. That will be sent here, where you will fertilize it, or rather use my seed to fertilize it, grow it to a sufficient stage of development, and then we will fly the mother her for implantation. My agents around the country will keep us informed on the developments in the life cycle of our subjects. I suspect that you're more interested in the survival statistics, and don't care so much if they develop to become concert pianists, world class marathon runners, or common thieves."
"I am somewhat interested in the qualitative side, not just the quantitative side, but yes, I wish to perfect the science that allows this to be done, and then will leave it to others, perhaps you, to make good use of the science. I am expecting a very high success rate, however."
"I should hope so, I'm spending $3,000 per attempt, regardless of outcome. In any case, though, the surrogates will be evenly distributed around the country at first, then the world. So concentrations of subjects should be diluted within any population so as not to give rise to any suspicions. There are just over one billion people in the parts of the world I am interested in, and with an average birthrate of 11 per 1,000 there are­­—trust me, I've figured it out. I want to achieve a rate of 1 in each 10,000 of those births, so we need to process about three subjects per day when we're running on all eight cylinders."
"Running on eight cylinders?" Gephardt asked, puzzled.
"An expression, when we're in full production. Is that possible?"
"Within two years we will be there."
"Let's not waste any time."
"Then take that magazine and this cup and return me a sample immediately."
William took the tiny Dixie cup he had been offered and walked towards the bathroom, his rolled up magazine in his back pocket. As he opened the door and looked in at the bare white room and hard plastic seat he thought twice. "I'll be in my office, back down in half an hour."
Doctor Gephardt raised an eyebrow. "Half an hour? Takes you that long? Remember, it is a perishable product, don't diddly-daddly."
"I think you mean dilly-dally, but all the same, I'll do the best I can. How often do I need to give you a cupful?"
"Perhaps you overestimate your ability, you'll never supply me with a cupful. But an average sample, I can use that to fertilize perhaps twenty times."
"Once a week you need a sample? Wow. Maybe I'd better get myself some movies, or an assistant."
"Don't let anything contaminate the sample!"
William went to his office and sheepishly returned to Doctor Gephardt fifteen minutes later with a teaspoonful barely covering the bottom of his cup.  Doctor Gephardt smiled knowingly. "Try not to be so active between samples, you will be more productive."

William became obsessed with his project and fondly thought of Doctor Gephardt as his 'evil little Nazi doctor' and he found himself more and more isolated as he devoted his full attention to the project, and dared not share details with anyone other than the doctor.  His lawyers had their hands full and knew better than to question the use of the funds he was withdrawing from his accounts. Fortunately, there was a virtually unlimited supply of money and even the millions he was spending every month on research and annuities for his growing progeny could be covered by earnings and dividends from those investments. His fortune continued to grow despite the spending.
Project milestones and anniversaries were noted, though in a low-key manner. By the one-year anniversary of their collaboration they had been on first name terms for some time. 
"Well, Günter, it's been one-year now since we first met each other," William said, slapping his evil little Nazi doctor on the back.
"Yes, Bill, a year has gone quickly, I have achieved more than I could have hoped possible."
"Here, look at today's paper, the world of conventional medicine is still congratulating themselves on the birth of Louise Brown, and the first laboratory fertilization of an ovum. If they only knew what we had achieved. Over four hundred so far!" William sneered. 
"I could implant a pig embryo in an Adler, an eagle, and give the world its first flying pig."
"And the sanctimonious scientists would implant the embryo in an ostrich and explain that as why their pig won't fly," William added, grinning.
"Yes, and we are now on track for our desired goal of one thousand per year within two years of beginning the project. When can I try and implant twins?"
"Günter, now don't go there. This is not the Reich, and I'm not Adolf. Keep the evil side under wraps," William admonished.
"Yessir, I understand," the doctor replied meekly.
"And," William said, pulling out his binder and fanning the pages, we have given birth to over one hundred children, almost perfectly distributed too, fifty-three boys and forty-eight girls with only two miscarriages and no observed birth defects or abnormalities."  Since William claimed all the credit for himself, when he said "we" it was a nosism, the majestic plural.

The second year of their collaboration passed as quickly as the first and a month after that second anniversary they had achieved William's goal of running on all eight cylinders. They celebrated with a bottle of sparkling apple cider as the doctor had never been a drinker and William had resolved early on to give up all alcohol, and even his cigarettes, in order to present Günter with the most immaculate semen possible.
"Well, Günter, seems that today is truly a milestone. We have received confirmation of our five-hundredth birth, and we have one thousand more in gestation. Truly remarkable. You are to be congratulated," William said, clasping an arm warmly around his friend's shoulders. William no longer noticed as the seasons changed, and a bitter presidential campaign pitting an incumbent President Carter against a rapidly rising challenger, Ronald Reagan, was now underway.  International crises involving hostages in faraway lands, or even the day-to-day or quarter-to-quarter results of his far-flung business enterprises were of no interest, so completely the daily record of successful implantations and deliveries consumed him.
CHAPTER NINE

Despite Frosty's constant reminders, Christmas of 1980 came and went without any celebration or a single decoration adorning the estate.  Both William and Günter were equally consumed by the project, now well into its third year, but William was the first to suggest that perhaps the doctor needed to take some off.
"You haven't taken a day off since you've been here, do you want to go somewhere, do something?" William asked. 
"No, this is where I belong, there is nothing I would rather be doing. But you are starting to look a little run down, why don't you go to your Aspen home for a few days, before the weather turns, enjoy yourself, relax," the doctor encouraged. "I've also noticed the adequate supply you are giving me every week, have you gone celibate?"
"Yes, pretty much. I cannot bear the thought of wasting my precious seed on recreation."
William took the doctor's advice and flew to Aspen for the New Year's Eve weekend to relax. Nevertheless, he still spent most of the time on the phone with Sid, his lawyers, his agents and the many tentacles of his massively complex enterprise. He came home to Brentwood looking even worse than when he had left, four days earlier.
William made directly for the Earth Science complex from the airport upon returning. When Doctor Gephardt first saw him he was aghast. "Gott im Himmel, Villiam. You look terrible, something is not right. In the exam room, right away, strip down so I can examine you!"
"I'm sure it's nothing," William responded. "I'll agree, I don't look great with these circles around my eyes, but really, it's just the long hours. Promise, next time I'll relax more on vacation."
"Exam room, now!" Doctor Gephardt was able to channel some of his residual, inner Nazi and William knew better than to argue.
As William sat with a bemused grin on his face—he had refused to take his shirt off— Doctor Gephardt began writing, taking note of the perioptical tan, the trembling, slow heart rate and cold extremities despite a low grade fever. He took a step back when William finally gave in to his admonishments and removed his shirt. He had a large, crimson-colored, purpuric rash on his back.
"What is it doc?" William asked, now alarmed at the suddenness with which Gephardt had stepped back and the expression of horror on his face. "What is it?"
"All these symptoms, especially the purpura, I have seen them before, not individually, but in a group like this, all on the same patients."
"When where what did it mean what's a purpuric rash?" William rushed his questions into a single breathless sentence.
"At Berlin-Dahlem, when I was studying the Roma, I saw this many times. I spent a year studying it, and its variants. A purpura, it's a rash made up of numerous small hemorrhaging blood vessels, that is why it has such a deep color."
"What are the Roma?"
"They are the gypsies, Slavic. From the unforgiving badlands of Romania, the Balkans. They were troubled people, but good subjects for study. Lots of inbreeding, led to many physical and mental anomalies."
"But what of these symptoms? What was the disease?"
Doctor Gephardt was peering into William's ear, pushing his otoscope right up to his eardrum, looking for more signs. "We never gave a formal name to the disease. We had observed that it resembled some battlefield bacterial infections, but in this case it was endogenous, and it gave us a chance to experiment with some new ideas and directions in antibiotics. The indications are remarkably similar."
"What is endogenous? What does it all mean?"
"It means your body is attacking itself."	

For the next ten days Doctor Gephardt devoted himself to the task of saving William and what he represented, a groundbreaking, even if fiendish, science experiment. Convinced that he had seen this disease before he set about attempting to recreate the medicine that he had devised and tested with promising results before the Reich Science Ministry suspended his access to the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute in Heidelberg, so that those resources could be used solely for experiments in devising weapons of destruction. Sitting alone in his office at Earth Sciences—almost the entire staff had been given indefinite leaves of absence—he picked up the phone and called Sid. Gephardt knew of Sid and what his function in the organization was, but had never met or dealt directly with him.
"Mister DeWalt, this is Doctor Gephardt, I am sure you know of me," he said after Sid announced himself.
"Doctor Gephardt, of course, though surprised to be getting a call from you."
"Yes, would not be calling except Herr Adler is unable to do so himself. He was taken to the hospital two days ago, and it is not at all certain that he will survive his illness."
"Good God, what is?" Sid asked, suddenly alarmed; never in a million years thinking that his patron could be taken from him, at least before he'd had a chance to make certain that he would be taken care of himself.
"I need you to run one of your missions, it is very important, and could mean the difference between life and death for William."
"Of course, what is it?"
"I need you to buy something. It will be very expensive, and you will need to convince the right person to sell it to you. They are forbidden from doing so, under great pain, and you will be unable to steal it yourself. So you must be prepared to find the right person who can obtain a few ounces of this material, quickly, silently and knowing the risks."
"Whatever it takes. What am I stealing, or rather buying on the black market?"
Gephardt dropped his voice to a hush, even though he knew no one was nearby to eavesdrop. "Southeast of Augusta, Georgia, there is a facility owned by the United States Department of Energy. It is called the Savannah River Site."
* * *
Günter slowly shuffled down the sterile, darkened hallway, his shock of white hair mocking his gaunt features.  He approached the door secured by two uniformed guards.  The guards stood up from their chairs, one of them setting a newspaper down on the card table they were sitting at. 
"Good morning Doctor Gephardt," the taller of the two guards said.
"Good morning, is it alright for me to go in?"
"Just a minute, I'll check," he said, disappearing into the suite of rooms.
Günter picked up the newspaper and scanned the headlines. He read that the Iranian government appeared set to release the American hostages before Ronald Reagan was to be sworn in as the next president. Further down he read that a clinic had successfully implanted twins in a woman's womb. He cluck-clucked and smiled as the guard returned and gave him an update.
"Yes, you can go in," the guard said, holding the door open.
"Thank-you. How is Mr. Adler doing this morning?" Doctor Gephardt asked with a sleep-deprived slur.
"Not well.  He had several seizures during the night. There was a lot of commotion. He asked for you a number of times. Wanted to know if you had the serum for him. Whatever that is."
"Hmmm. It is too late for Mr. Adler now. He will die soon. I’m going in now."
Günter entered the room which was set up as a suite befitting William Adler's enormous wealth. He set his briefcase down on the sofa and walked over to the window, opening the drapes to let the sun shine in the room.  William, now a mere shadow of his former self,  lay motionless in the bed. His sunken cheeks, colorless lips, ashen complexion and dark circles around his eyes made him look much older.
"Günter? Is that you? I can’t see anything! Günter? Are you there Günter?" William called out desperately, using what little energy remained in his wracked body.
"Yes, Villiam, it’s me." Günter shined his pencil point flashlight in William’s eye, there was no reaction.
"What’s happening to me?  Is this the end?  I can barely breathe, I had seizures last night.  I’m going blind.  You said you knew a cure for me. Where is it?  I must have the cure now, before it's too late." William's panicked voice was barely audible as it competed with the wheezing ventilator and pinging monitors.
"I was in the lab all night and came straight here.  It’s not done yet, I don’t know if I can recreate the serum.  The whole project, I fear, may be a grand failure."
"All the work we’ve done for the last three years, for nothing?  I’ll die? What’s this pestilence that has struck me down?  It can’t be.  You must find the cure, and you must find it now."
"It’s been nearly four decades since I last saw this disease.  All the records were destroyed when we fled the camps. I escaped to Argentina with only what I could remember. It’s difficult for an old man to remember something so complex from such a long time ago."
"You must try harder.  Oh God, I feel another seizure coming! You must help me!"
William’s body began to shake as he struggled and tore at his breathing tube.  Günter pushed the call button and within seconds doctors and nurses came streaming into the room. 
"Doctor Ganz," he greeted the attending physician.
"Hello Doctor Gephardt," he returned. "Nurse, ten cc’s of adrenaline!"
The nurse handed him a hypodermic needle and he inserted it directly above the heart, emptying its contents,  and William stopped his violent shaking.
"We're losing him," Doctor Ganz said.
"He is lost. He was a very small man living a very large life," Doctor Gephardt sadly noted.
Günter left the room, shoulders slumped, knowing that he would never see William Adler again. He did not worry about his own future, that had been secured with numerous prepaid accounts for his support, health care, a residence, though his research would in all likelihood come to an end. He reached into his pocket and pulled out three small, glass vials. He had in fact come to the hospital that day with what he surely believed was the cure, a replica of the serum he had developed nearly a half century earlier. But it was of no use to William, his disease was too advanced, his body already destroyed, unable to survive much longer, even if disease-free.
The doctor had not had much in the way of conscience for most of his life, the early part as a mad scientist first at Birkenau, and then the Berlin-Dahlem Institute where Adolf Hitler's Nazi regime carried out many of its notorious experiments on Jews, gypsies, the mentally handicapped, homosexuals and sets of twins.
 Despite his internship under Doctor Mengele he was acquitted during the adjunct Physician's Trials at Nuremberg and allowed to emigrate to South America. It was in Argentina that he was able to access some of the gold his family had squirreled away when it appeared the Reich was failing. He lay low, working odd jobs and patching up injured field hands for a large Argentine beef packing operation until he resumed his work in genetics a few years before being tracked down by William's agent, Sid.
But in his waning years, and sensing his own impending mortality, or perhaps seeking some modest redemption, he would leave as his legacy the cure for the disease that had claimed his patron's life. An unnamed disease that was as lethal as it was sudden and certain.
Back at the science complex he and William had built he let himself in the side door. The facility had been vacant except for his coming and going over the last week, ever since William had suddenly taken ill. He had learned enough about the supercomputer that he could easily scrub the memory banks clean, but the paper files filled room after room. After grabbing all the notes and records he felt he needed, and stashing them in the trunk of his car, he resorted to the time-tested and always successful remedy: fire. He found plenty of highly combustible fuel among his supplies in the lab and dumped them on the linoleum, then used a pair of wire cutters to disable the fire warning system.
The doctor dropped a single, lit match on the floor and returned to his car, nervous at what he had set in motion, but confident it would lead all future inquiries to a dead end. He started his car and hurriedly exited the driveway, it was three in the morning and he expected that nobody would report the fire until the building was engulfed in flames. The roads were deserted and he sped up to escape the scene, looking back over his shoulder to make sure that he was not being followed. As he returned his attention to the road in front of him he saw that he was fully on the side of oncoming traffic. He jerked the wheel to the right, over correcting and putting the vehicle into a spin from which he could not recover, smashing head-on into a pine tree at sixty miles per hour. 
BOOK II
CHAPTER TEN
The Office of Vehicle Services in Springfield was crowded, a typical scene since the financially strapped Illinois secretary of state's office had begun eliminating field offices as part of their campaign to downsize and save funds.  Along one wall there was a long line of windows bearing the letters from A to P, sixteen windows in all, of which four were actually open that day. There was a loud hum as background conversations converged into a single din. A large, mechanical split-flap sign on the wall indicated the time, 11:15 am, the date, April 14th, 2003, and who was being called up, and to which window. Every time Patrick Williams heard the flapping of letters coming from the sign he looked up. He was surprised to see his number was being called to Window F already, he had only just pulled his queue number fifteen minutes earlier, and the waiting room was crowded with better than a hundred people.
As Patrick approached the window a pretty, young woman cut him off and announced to the clerk "Hi, I'm number thirty-seven."
Patrick pulled up alongside her. "Actually, I have number thirty-seven, right here," he said, holding out his ticket. The young woman and Pat exchanged glances, each raising a suspicious eyebrow towards the other.
The clerk, not at all amused, said "one of you is up now, the other is . . . ," she peered intently over the top of her reading glasses at the ticket stubs being pushed over the counter, " . . . back one hundred spaces in the line." She smiled smugly at Pat, "sorry honey, you're B-37 and we're on A-37, you've got about another two hours to wait. Go take a seat."
"Late with my registration," the young lady said to the woman behind the counter, before turning to Pat and smiling her approval of the tall, tanned and handsome man she had just sort-of-met. 
Patrick returned to his seat and a two-hour wait, looking up occasionally at the stunning blonde-haired green-eyed woman he had just sort-of-met.  It was between looks, when he was engrossed in writing on his steno pad, that the young lady finished paying for her registration, walked over, and sat next to him. 
"Hi there," she said.
Startled, Patrick dropped his pencil to the ground and half-stood, clumsily clutching his steno pad to his crotch. "Oh, hi again. I’m Patrick. But everyone calls me Pat . . . Williams. Pat Williams," he said, sitting down again.
"I'm Carly Starr. Nice to meet you," she said holding out a carefully manicured hand. "What do you do when you’re not sitting at the Office of Motor Vehicles?" she asked.
"I’m a reporter for the Trib. What do you do?" He took her hand in his and shook it gently.
"I’m finishing up my doctorate at State this year, in genetics. I also do some clerking down at the Superior Court, to pay my bills."
"Sounds like an intriguing combination, and I'm sure there's a connection . . . isn’t there?"
"I suppose so, genetics interests me a lot, but I'm also learning to like the law a lot. Gives me some options. I think that there'll be lots of controversy with genetic screenings for insurance, hiring, stuff like that. And we already know that there are plenty of ethical and legal issues with respect to stem cell research, and that is key to future genetics research."
"Sounds like a juggling act, trying to keep all those balls in the air at once."
"Or Spock's three dimensional chess board."
"Ah, a Trekkie."
"You too? I can thank my mom, she's a culture maven, for her generation. As far as she's concerned, culture came to a grinding halt about twenty-five years ago, so she's stuck in a time warp."
"Fraternity thing for me. Late nights of free-flowing, unlimited beer and Star Trek reruns." Pat caught the hint of a disapproving frown and added, "not every night of course. Just some nights. Not often at all. Rarely, for that matter."
"Uh, huh, keep going, I'll stop you when I believe you."
He thought perhaps a change of subject was the best strategy now. "I'm working on a story about career prospects for this summer’s graduates, can I interview you?"
"Sure . . . as long as you can accommodate my schedule."
"When are you available?"
Carly pulled out her palm pilot and tapped a few keys. "How about tomorrow at 3:00?"
Pat put his pencil back to the steno pad and made note of that. "Sounds great . . . where?"
"At the Campus Commons?"
"Great, I still have my college apartment, I can walk there."
"You like the place, or the rent control?"
"Actually, no rent control in Springfield, or Illinois. They passed a law preventing local jurisdictions from enacting it, so I see my rent go up every year."
"I wouldn't know, lived with my mom my whole life. But you seem to know a lot about the subject."
"I work in the capitol bureau of the state's biggest paper, I can tell you just about anything that happens that'll have an effect on your life."
"Not sure if that's good or bad," Carly smiled as she stood up.
 "See you then—and nice meeting you, Carly Starr."
"Nice to meet you, too, Pat Williams."
Pat watched as she walked towards the exit, turning one last time to wave as she disappeared. Looking around he became aware that he was not the only man in the room that had watched as this beautiful, tall, slim, blonde-haired woman had left the building. Then a few sets of those eyes made their way back to Pat, and Pat grinned back.
* * *
The lounge at the Tribune field office in Springfield was a tired looking room. Despite rules to the contrary, Ned Gibson was perched on a window sill, with the window open, taking long drags from his cigarette when Pat stuck his head in the room.
"Paddy, come here. How's your story on Lee Williams coming along?" Ned asked.
"Barely started yet. Still need to drive down to Metropolis to interview his mother."
"Have you had a chance to talk to the county coroner yet?"
"Yes, they wanted to be helpful, but it's still under review. The cause of death was a massive, unforgiving infection that just putrefied his entire body. The coroner seems pretty mystified, and the Baseball Commissioner is calling in all sorts of specialists, wants to make sure it's not related at all to the game. I watched and re-watched the tape of the last game he played, the season opener, not so much as a scratch or anything so I doubt that he got the infection there, besides, he only played five innings in that game. I was at the game, his speed and agility were uncanny. Huge loss to the team, and still had so much to prove, lots of records were within his reach, Hall of Fame someday a certainty, World Series rings, . . . "
"Yeah, the Cubs'll sure miss him.  The fans loved him . . . do you have any fan interviews scheduled?"
"Yes, his fan club has thousands of members and they all want to be interviewed and quoted."
"Good.  But try and wrap this story up by next Tuesday. I want to feature it in the Thursday Sports section and then move you on to another story."
"I'll do my best. There's no unusual angles, other than not knowing how he got the infection, and why it could not be controlled. So Tuesday should work."
"And the crack house story, how's that going?"
"I could write a book on that. There has to be a hundred crack houses in the greater Springfield area.  I've recruited an informant who swears he can give me a firsthand look at strung out druggies, deals going down, mules, runners in action, the whole works. I need a video crew, not a photographer."
"Remember, you’re a reporter, not a cop. No heroics, don’t try to bust anyone, and don’t start feeling sorry for anyone, you can’t afford to be out there rescuing strung out kids."
"I know, I know. Ned's Rules of Engagement. You’ve repeated that so many times I’ll never forget it: Don’t get involved with my stories’ characters, but report ‘em like they're my children."
"Get your readers to open their tear ducts. It sells papers and it furthers your career.  But don't make anything up. Only report facts, but go wild picking your adjectives and adverbs."
"I’ll do my best, Ned.  I’ll need some cash for my informant."
"Let's go back to my office," Ned said. 
As he sat behind his large desk Ned reached into a drawer and pulled out a small, antique strongbox. He opened it and counted out two hundred and fifty dollars. "Here’s two-fifty, you’ll get more as you need it. Spend it wisely, if you feel you're getting strung along stop giving him money. How did you meet him?"
"Through a college buddy. They don't know each other, but his brother, my buddy's brother, knows him. The snitch had an older sister that died, he's convinced at the hands of the gang. Wants revenge, says he's willing to rat them out."
"Revenge? That's an unpredictable motivator, be careful."
"I will."
"And finally, the story on this year's graduates' employment prospects, how's that going?"
"Just starting on that, I do have a young woman who is writing her doctoral dissertation on genetics, I have an interview lined up with her later today."
"Good, how young?" Ned asked.
"I would guess mid-twenties. And she clerks down at Superior Court to pay her expenses. And she's pretty. Gorgeous, actually."
"Sounds like an accomplished young woman.  If she's unattached I don’t expect you to stick with my don’t get involved rule, either!"
"I’d already discounted your advice there." 
"Good luck, and go to it, Paddy."
"I will, thanks."

Pat parked his car and leisurely made his way to the center of the campus and the Campus Commons. He was reminded how beautiful the college grounds were. Once inside he immediately spied Carly, sitting alone at a table, books spread around her and a nearly empty cup of coffee in her hand.
"Wow, that’s a big book. A really big book. They should make you a doctor just for reading the whole thing," Pat said as he walked up to her table.
"Actually, this entire book is a subset of a subset of the science of genetics. You could never hope to read all there is to know about genetics, even if you devoted your lifetime to it," Carly said, smiling.
"Can I get you a refill on your coffee?" he asked while reaching for the cup in her hand.
"Yes, thanks, but better make this one decaf, I'm already flying high."
Pat left the table to get himself a coffee and another for Carly. When he returned to the table she had closed the book and was leaning back in her chair.
"What's the book about?" he asked.
"Reverse engineering theory, in layman’s terms. How to take an answer and work it backwards, find out what the question was. When you finish—if successful—you should be able to move forwards and backwards without a problem. From finish to start or start to finish, mystery solved."
"Wow. I’m working on something like that. Ever hear of  Lee Williams, the shortstop for the Cubs?"
"Sure, a relation of yours?"
"Nope, no relation. But his death two weeks ago is a complete mystery. He played the season opener against the Mets—hit back to back home runs—got sick on Tuesday, checked into the hospital on Thursday and died ten days later. They have no idea why he died. Well, they know he died of a massive infection, but no idea what caused it, and they couldn't treat it."
"Idiopathic."
"Don't want to sound like a pathetic idiot, but huh?" Pat asked.
"Idiopathic. It means the cause is unknown. Have you seen the autopsy?"
"Just a non-conclusive preliminary. But it means nothing to me, other than the non-conclusive conclusion, he died, which sounds pretty conclusive to me. Since he's such a high profile celebrity though, I’m sure this will get more attention than your run of the mill mystery death."
"They'll have to look around for a pattern. Even one other similarity in another death and it’s no longer an anomaly. A commonality will give them an opportunity to develop a pattern theory and eliminate 99% of potential causes. They need a direction to go. Good luck with it."
"Thanks. So, why are you reading so hard on this? Exams coming up?"
"Dissertation, I'm nearing the end of this journey. The subject matter is disease etiology in genetics, which is a subset of epidemiology, which brings us back to . . . idiopathic! As a non-genetics 'for-instance', we know what causes the flu, in fact we're so good at determining that now, and knowing its source, we can predict it with near certainty well enough in advance to produce hundreds of millions of doses of vaccine. So we'll hopefully never again have anything like the Spanish Flu pandemic that swept the world in 1918, killing close to three percent of the world's population, maybe as many as fifty million people."
"And had we known that it would originate in Spain we could have done something to prevent it, or at least minimize it?"
"Well, World War One, which was raging at the time, did not help things at all because of the already weakened condition of the populace, poor hygiene and troops moving all over the world crossing booders, and the other stress that war brings. But the only reason it's called Spanish Flu is because Spain was neutral during the war and had no wartime media censorship, so the severity of the flu pandemic was widely reported in Spanish media as opposed to the allied media that was rigorously censored to prevent panic. Naturally, everyone at the time thought that the flu had a tighter hold on Spain and must, therefore, have started there. But to this day we still don't know it's origin."
"That would be the lead story in my profession. In yours, I guess it's just a footnote?"
"Pretty much."
"And what happens after you publish your dissertation?"
"Once my dissertation is written, accepted and published, hopefully in the next several months, I'm off to the Phillips Institute in Florida for a research fellowship, and see where that takes me."
"Gee, does all this leave you a chance for a social life?  And be careful, this is the interview you agreed to. Anything you say may be published . . . or otherwise used as I see fit."
Carly laughed. "My slow social life has nothing to do with my full calendar. And a lot more to do with finding the right guy. Reverse engineering doesn’t work with relationships."
"So, looking for your intellectual match? That really narrows the field."
"Don’t misunderstand the word intellectual, I don't need someone who knows as much about science as I do. But it would be nice to find someone who would understand the science the first time it’s explained to him."
"Analytical skills, cognitive understanding, deductive capabilities, that sort of stuff?"
"Exactly."
"You might find a lot of that in a newspaper reporter, you know."
"Possible."
"Would flattery help open the door a little wider?"
"Possible."
"You have beautiful eyes."
"Thank you."
"Would you like to have lunch?"
"I’m usually not available at lunchtime, except on rare occasions."
"Hate to be so presumptuous as to jump right to dinner, but how about it?"
Carly flipped open her palm pilot and consulted the calendar, muttering to herself about a crammed schedule. She tapped the screen several times as if flipping through the weeks, then laughed. "Okay, not that busy, how about Friday?"
"Tomorrow?"
"Sorry, a week from tomorrow."
"Hmmm. Okay. Can I pick you up?"
"Yes, here's my address," she said, jotting the information on a napkin and handing it to Pat. "But let me warn you, when you pick me up, allow a half hour for my mother to grill you."
"She protective?"
"Very much so. Actually, we protect each other. But on the plus side, you've never met a free spirit quite like her, I'm sure of that."
"I'm looking forward to it."
"You can walk me to class if you like."
 Pat picked up several of the books on the table and tucked them under his arm as Carly slung her backpack over a shoulder. They walked out of the building and started down a path.
"It's the science building just over there," Carly said, pointing to the building ahead of them.
"Six o’clock?"
"That'll be fine," she said, then adding "uhhhhm, Pat?"
Pat turned to her, "Yes?"
"That wasn’t much of an interview."
"I’ve got the ending, I’ll work it backwards. You can tell me how close I come to the truth. Maybe I can join you for coffee again tomorrow, same time, same place?" Pat asked, handing the books back to Carly.
"Sure, but make it half an hour later, different schedule on Friday's."
"See you tomorrow then," Pat said, watching as she disappeared into the building.

The following day Pat was at the commons first and had two hot coffees ready when Carly arrived. "You real thirsty or is one of those for me?" she asked, shaking the rain out of her hair.
"For you. Left home without an umbrella?"
"Don't own one."
"Living in the wrong part of the country for that."
"Well, it's been snow until just a few weeks ago, and an umbrella really doesn't last more than a season, so just haven't got around to buying my 2003 umbrella yet."
"Oh good, so it's not like you don't believe in them or anything. How're you doing otherwise?"
"Good, thanks," she said reaching into the backpack she had leaned against a leg of the table when she sat down. "Third coffee today," she added.
"Guess I shoulda gotten you decaf?"
"I'll be okay." She handed him a DVD case. "I brought this from home for you. Have you seen it? I cry my ducts dry every time I watch it."
Pat looked at the case cover. "Lorenzo's Oil," he said. "Thanks, and no, haven't watched it before, though I've heard of it." 
"It was, in part, inspiration for my research. A genetic illness with no known cure."
"I'm working on a story like that right now."
"And parents that were willing to do anything and everything to save their son from an illness with no known cure. Still don't know if he has been cured, but here it is two decades later and I'm pretty sure he's still alive."
"How did that inspire your decision to become a doctor?"
"I want to save people," Carly smiled. "Too many people dying too young."
"And genetics holds the key?"
"Genetics, and the DNA that defines genes. I'm absolutely convinced that DNA is more than just a set of instructions—I think it is more than just knowledge—it's intelligence. It can learn and adapt to meet changing circumstances."
"Sounds like evolution to me."
"Evolution is too time consuming. I want a revolution," Carly smiled.
"So you mean genes are smart?"
"Not so much smart, but have a decision making ability. Intelligence itself does not always lead to smart decisions. Take Congress, or any branch of government, any group of people. Collectively they frequently make bad decisions, sometimes based on bad information, or just simply because they are irrational. Genes are a system and should act the same I think, make collective decisions, and not always for the good of the host. That's what I want to prove."
"How do you go about proving that?"
"Don't know if I can actually prove it, at least not with the resources that a classroom project allows me."
"So what do you do?"
"Pile on as much circumstantial evidence as I can. Then, perhaps it leads to a fellowship or a research grant."
"Doesn't your thesis border on heresy, just a little bit?"
"Not really. Evolution is an ongoing study, nothing is definitive about it. Just a ton of circumstantial evidence, really. So I'm as far along as Darwin ever was," she smiled smugly. "You were talking evolution, weren't you?"
"Intelligent design wouldn't fly very far with you, would it?"
"Uhhm, about as far as an ostrich with clipped wings."
"And you'll go there with nothing but circumstantial evidence in your favor?"
"Okay, an ostrich with intact wings, but it still won't fly."
"Obviously you must be backing that up with science and not faith, or lack of faith."
"Intelligent design can mean many things. To some it means that the earth is just a few thousand years old, and Adam and Eve had two sons that didn't get along very well. To others it means that there is a force we don't understand, that evolution all by itself just isn't capable of creating such a wonderful and complex biologic phenomenon like DNA. Especially DNA that can make decisions."
"I'm a reporter, I'll be thinking long and hard about how and where I can trip you," Pat smiled.
"Still not gonna get an ostrich to fly."
"Maybe not today, but can it still evolve to fly?"
"If it could fly would it still be an ostrich?"
"Is writing a dissertation this difficult?"
"Much more so, but not nearly as much fun."
Pat looked out the window onto the wet lawn and walkway. "It's stopped raining, though by the looks of those clouds, only for a little bit. Maybe we had best make a mad dash for your classroom."
Carly looked out the window as well. "Yeah, if I can make it all the way across campus without stopping to pee.  Way too much coffee today."
"Can you manipulate genes to give you a larger bladder?"
"No, that's asking a bit much. I think only testosterone would do that trick. Lucky you."
The two gathered her belongings and Pat again accompanied her to the building where her class was that afternoon. When they arrived at the building she took her books from him and leaned in to his ear. "We can have coffee again . . . but not until after you've watched the movie, we can talk about it." She squeezed his arm and went inside. From the other side of the glass door she saw him smiling broadly.
Carly opened the door a foot and reached her hand towards Pat and his umbrella. "Let your smile be your umbrella," she said, grabbing the umbrella and letting the door close behind her.
Pat was overjoyed by this turn of events, what a chance meeting in a government waiting room could be leading to, but he had no one to share his elation with. It's not that he was a loner; he had friends, school buddies, a drinking partner or two and work colleagues. But he had no family and he had no confidant. If he was to tell any of his drinking buddies about Carly his first question would have been "did you get laid yet?" And he felt very differently about Carly. He was already thinking that she could be his dream come true.
Carly had it very different. Even though her friends were equally casual and she wasn't going to go running to them, breathless, to tell them she thought she might be in love, Carly did have a best friend, a confidant, someone she could share her darkest secrets and greatest hopes with. Someone who lived her own life as a support system for Carly. It was her mother, Susan.
She had told Susan about Pat after the chance encounter in the waiting room, and gave her a little bit more information about her new friend, and who he was, after their first coffee. It had been Susan who suggested that Carly give him the copy of Lorenzo's Oil, a movie that the two of them had watched together and cried over countless times. It was Susan who had drawn the connection, how that movie reflected Carly's vision for her life's work, and also reflected the stubborn mystery Pat had encountered in his investigation, and was a theme likely to be repeated in two careers that were still unfolding.
CHAPTER ELEVEN
Pat walked into the Trib offices and found Ned eagerly sticking his hand out, as if to be handed a story, despite the fact that all the stories were e-mailed from computer to computer and Pat had never handed him anything other than a purloined picture or other artifact turned up in his work.
"The story, let me see the story," Ned said, already expecting to be given some sort of run around.
"It's nowhere near done yet," Pat said, shrugging his shoulders.
"That's not what I wanted to hear. You know I had reservations about letting you do this story, after all you're a capitol bureau reporter, not a sports writer. I pulled strings, traded favors, put my neck on the line. There are better qualified writers who would've been happy to write this story."
"I know, I know, but they're just writers. There's a story here that needs investigating, and you know I come up aces over any of the sports writers when it comes to investigating. All they can do is quote people and statistics and complain about lousy plays and cheer on great plays."
"Yeah, that's called reporting. What's your point?"
"There's a mystery here, when I'm done it could end up on the front page,  not the sports section."
"Well, just keep in mind I'm watching you," Ned said, emphasizing the point with a two-finger I'm watching you gesture.
"I kinda figured that."
"Look, here's what I want you to do. Write a story, some back-story, some heartfelt tribute, but don't write the rest of it if it's not ready. You can keep it on the backburner, and you'll find the time to dig deeper, and you can revisit it down the road. But if you don't get me something there'll be a big hole on the front page of the Sporting Section come Thursday."
"Sounds like something that could cost me my job, a big hole on page one."
"Got that right. No later than tomorrow morning. I'm not giving you any choice here."
"Alright. I'm going back to my place, I have it spread out on my table, you'll have a tribute piece by morning."
"Better make it a darn good tribute too.  Remember, that's what McKay, and Sanderson, and Brown et al write every day. If they don't think it's good they'll chew you up and spit you out."
Pat returned to his apartment and didn't leave for the rest of the day. The following morning he had his article to Ned, despite the fact that the more he wrote, the more he knew that there was a far bigger story that was waiting to be told.
Though Pat had watched the movie Lorenzo's Oil the same day Carly had given it to him they were unable to meet again before their dinner date the following Friday. Carly found herself called in unexpectedly for extra duty at the courthouse in the midst of a sensational domestic violence criminal trial, and Pat was chasing leads in a half dozen stories he was investigating.
* * *
Pat had no trouble finding his date's home in a leafy suburb of Springfield. It was a tidy neighborhood of modest homes with children playing in front yards, a man working underneath his car in one driveway, and neighbors chatting over a property-line raised bed of roses in another yard. He approached the front door and rang the bell. It was answered by a tall, attractive woman who, Pat guessed, was in her mid-forties.
"Hello. I’m Carly’s mother, Susan. You must be Pat Williams," she laughed, grabbing his arm and pulling him inside, stepping over an excitable, black toy poodle that was determined not to be left out.
"Yes I am, pleased to meet you," Pat said, grinning back at her. 
Pat followed her into the living room and took a seat on the sofa as she motioned for him to sit down. The poodle was promptly in his lap despite Susan's scolding. "It's okay," Pat said, drawing his hand over the dog's head and down its back.
"As long as your fine with him," she said.
"It's fine. A him? And his name?"
"Ringo."
"I guess that makes perfect sense," he laughed
"It was easy, Susan Starr, Carly Starr and Ringo Starr."
"You like your music, I can see that," Pat said, taking in the room that was a museum of memorabilia with a single focus, the music and culture of the seventies and eighties.
"Can I get you a beer?" 
"Thank you."
As Susan left the room Carly entered wearing a slinky dress. The grin reappeared on Pat's face. He let out a wolf whistle as he said "wow, you look great!"
"That's a pretty pathetic whistle," she said, sitting down on the sofa.
"I dunno, must be a congenital defect with my lips, never could whistle worth a darn."
"That's funny. I shouldn't be critical because I can barely muster a whistle myself. So we both can't whistle. Wonder what else we find we have in common?"
 Susan reentered the room with a beer and handed it to Pat.  
"Carly tells me you're a reporter with the Tribune?" Susan said with just enough lilt for it to seem like she was unsure and asking a question.
"Yeah, I guess you'd call me a cub reporter. Even though I'm pushing thirty, this is a relatively new career for me, had my share of false starts after graduating from college. Still looking for my first truly big story, the kind that wins awards.  Right now I'm doing a follow-up story on the death of the Cubs' shortstop, Lee Williams, as well as a story on the crack cocaine epidemic in rural and suburban Illinois."
"Yes, I read about that ball player. Tragic to die at such a young age. Does your family live around here?"  
"Nobody but me. I have an aunt and uncle down in Florida who raised me, my mother died when I was seven."  
"Oh, I'm so sorry. What happened to your father?"
"Never knew him. Carly says you're raising her alone?" Pat asked, then turned to Carly. "Something else we have in common."
"Yes, I am.  She never knew her father either."
"Excuse me, I have to go to the bathroom, again," Carly sighed.
"What do you do for a living?" Pat asked Susan.
"I work for the state, analyzing statistics for the department of transportation. The results are used to determine what highway projects should get priority—for safety reasons."
"I thought those decisions were made based on what prominent citizens live nearby."
"There's a lot of truth to that. Much of what I do is for show only. The politicians all have pet projects and they vote the funds where they please.  I did a study on one intersection where seven people have died in the past two years.  It lost out to a repaving project on an expressway that passed in front of a shopping center owned by the local senator’s biggest contributor. Makes you pretty sick, what goes on."
"I know, I report on that garbage all the time.  Care to be an anonymous informant in the future?"
"Sure, with an emphasis on the anonymous."
Carly re-entered the room and Pat stood up, realizing that every time he saw her she took his breath away. "Ready to go?" he asked.
"Sure am."
"Susan, it was a pleasure meeting you.  I’ll be talking to you again soon, I’m sure," Pat said, extending his hand.
"Nice meeting you too, Pat. You take good care of my girl, okay?"
"You bet I will," Pat said, standing and extending his hand to Carly. She took his hand and they left the room together.
Pat had picked a romantic restaurant on the west side of Lake Springfield and it was just a short drive there from the house. The maître d' escorted them to the window table he had requested and they sat down for their meal.
"Nice restaurant. Come here often?" Carly asked.
"On a cub reporter’s salary? No."
"It has to be better than a starving student’s budget."
"Yeah. Been there too. So, what did you do this week?"
"Wrote another thirty pages of the rough draft for my paper, met with my coach, worked out at the gym, sat in on part of the Casey trial, and caught all of four hours sleep last night. What have you been doing?"
"Catching up on some leads in the Lee Williams mystery, wrote an article on a corrupt suburban town mayor, read fifty letters to the editor and discarded all but three of them, and changed the oil in my car. I’m leaving town on Monday, driving down to Metropolis to talk to Lee Williams’s mother."
Their waiter approached the table and recited the specials for the day, then asked "have you decided on dinner yet?"
"It all sounds so good. What was the salmon special again?" Carly asked.
"It's a grilled salmon steak with a beurre blanc sauce, garlic mashed potatoes and sautéed seasonal vegetables."
"I’ll have that."
"I’ll have the Chilean Sea Bass. And a bottle of the Fortezza Sangiovese," Pat said, gathering the menus and handing them to the waiter.
"Would you like the red wine as an aperitif, sir?" the waiter asked.
Pat thought he caught a sniff of disapproval, that maybe he was ordering a red wine to go with a fish dinner?
"No, you can serve it with the dinner."
"The Sangiovese, with the fish, sir?" the waiter sniffed again, confirming Pat's suspicion.
"Yes," Pat reaffirmed as the waiter left the table huffing. Carly and Pat broke out laughing.
"Did you hear him? Will you be drinking your red wine with your fish dinner?" Carly said, attempting to imitate the waiter's snooty tone.
"What a snob.  We’ll drink our red wine any way we darn well please, won’t we?"
"Got that right. Maybe if the white was the last bottle in the world, then I would consider drinking it."
"Well, I’m glad we got that out of the way. Establishing wine ground rules is an important first step in a friendship. And something else we have in common, it's red wine or no wine at all." Pat chose the word friendship carefully; leaving the suggestion of a relationship to perhaps the next date.
"Here’s to red wine, or no wine!" Carly said, raising her water glass.
"Cheers."
"The schedule you were telling me about, before the waiter took our order, you have a hectic schedule too. You asked me about my social life yesterday. What's yours like?" Carly asked.
"Work keeps me busy too.  As a junior reporter I get most of the assignments that the senior reporters already passed on. Makes it tough to find a runaway story that will break big. You want to earn the Nobel for your research, I want to win the Pulitzer for reporting."
"You're dodging the question. You been seeing anyone?"
"Not for several months now."
"What happened to the last one?"
"She left Springfield to be with her dying mother."
"And you abandoned her in her time of need?"
"No, not at all.  That wouldn’t be me. I’m very loyal, through thick and thin. She told me as she was packing that she needed the space.  If and when she came back to Springfield we could see about hooking back up."
"Have you talked to her since?"
"A couple of times.  What happened to your last flame?"
"He flamed out."
"That doesn’t sound good."
"He was threatened by my ambitions.  Does my ambition scare you at all?"
"Just the part about you moving to Florida."
"It’s a once in a lifetime opportunity."
"Oh, I know that.  But I guess six months would be just enough time to fall madly in love and then watch you leave."
"They do have newspapers in Florida."
"Where exactly in Florida will you be going?"
"The institute's in Miami, but if I don’t stay on there after the fellowship expires then Miami offers little other opportunity in the field."
"My mother was originally from Tampa, I have an aunt and an uncle down there. That's where I went when my mother died, then the aunt who took me in moved back to the Midwest and back I came."
"She must have been young when she died," Carly said, taking his hand.
"She had just turned twenty-eight the week before, then driving home from work she was broadsided by a drunk."
"That left just you?"
"No father, no brothers, no sisters. Just a childless aunt and uncle down in Tampa. And I'd never met them until I went down there after she died."
"I know, when it’s just you and your mom, you get very close. Have you ever tried to find out who your father is?"
"I tried briefly, but by then Mom had been dead for eleven years, there was no trail to pick up. My aunt had decided that most of her personal effects had little value and were sold, donated or thrown out after she died. Nothing, no clues, no mementoes, nothing but her memory."
"I might try to find out who my father is some day, but I'll have to start cold, too. Susan is no help, she won’t talk about him at all."

"That was a great dinner," Pat said as the waiter presented him with the check. "Do I cut the waiter some slack for the wine thing and give him the full tip?"
"He made up for it, but do what you think is right," Carly smiled at Pat. "Thank you, that was a wonderful dinner and you make great company."
"You're welcome, I’m having a great time too. It’s still early, care to take a walk along the waterfront, have a coffee at the Gazebo?"
"Would love to."
As they strolled along the beach front towards the bridge Pat took her arm in his and they paused at the railing and looked out over the placid water.
"The lake is beautiful in the moonlight," Carly said.
"The view is deceiving. This was my first story as a reporter. They had such high E. coli bacteria readings in the water they had to shut it down for much of that summer, never did figure out where the bacteria was coming from."
"Idiopathic," Carly smiled.
"Yeah, I'll definitely need to add that word to my vocabulary, since so much of what I dig up has no readily apparent cause,"  Pat said. "I like being near the water. You suppose that if you reverse engineered it you would find more than two parts hydrogen and one part oxygen in there?"
"Sure, you always will, unless you make the water yourself in a perfectly sterile lab environment. But to analyze this water would be a rather easy matter, there is a readily available registry of known contaminants.  It is the novel, unknown substance that is the true challenge.  That's how they discovered anti-freeze. They noticed that a part of the Kanawha River in West Virginia never froze.  They were mystified by this and examined the river water. They had no idea what the substance was. Then they broke it down and found that part of it was a by-product from a particular chemical manufacturing process.  They checked the factories upstream and found one that was dumping its waste at the bottom of the river two miles up.  It took two miles to rise to the surface of the river. Instead of fining the factory for polluting the river they gave them a patent for anti-freeze and they started selling their waste for three bucks a gallon."
"You fascinate me."
"Oh, shut up and kiss me."
Pat did as he was told and held her in a tender embrace while they studied the water, then each others' faces.
"I have a heavy school schedule tomorrow, three hours clerking at the court, and you have a field trip on Monday.  Better get me home," Carly said, breaking the silence, but not the mood.
"Of course, let's go," Pat said.

Carly's house was almost within walking distance of the lake and they were back home before they had a chance to trade more than a few complimentary words about the dinner and the wonderful time they seemed to be having together. Pat parked the car and walked around to the other side as Carly waited for him to open the door. He escorted her to the front door expecting to get a quick kiss and be on his way.
Ringo's yapping disrupted that plan when Susan appeared at the door to see what the commotion was. "You're home early kids," she said. "Come in for a coffee, Pat."
Pat and Carly looked at each other and he picked up immediately from her smile that he was supposed to say yes. "Thank you, I will."
They sat at the kitchen dinette table while Susan put three cups out. "How was the restaurant? Where did you go?"
"It was wonderful, we went to the old Papineau Inn. Delicious," Carly said.
"Good, I'm glad you had a wonderful time."
"I'm gonna go get changed and freshen up," Carly said, leaving the room.
Susan poured the coffee, which apparently had been brewed before they arrived, leading Pat to suspect a setup, and perhaps that last quick trip to the restroom before they left the restaurant was when Carly had tipped Susan, with a quick call, and the chance meeting at the front door was not really accidental. He wondered how long Carly would spend freshening up, and how thorough Susan would be in asking the questions Carly had not.
"How long have you been in Springfield?" Susan asked.
"Quite some time, my aunt, my mother's sister, was quite a bit younger then her husband, my uncle. He took a disability retirement shortly after they adopted me and returned to Illinois so I wouldn't have to leave my friends. Then when I went off to college and they returned to Florida, they had no use for our winters up here."
"Well, at least they were there for you, can't be easy to grow up without a mother or father. It's been tough enough for Carly not having a father, though we do have more of an extended family than you do, lots of cousins and aunts and uncles for Carly."
"Still, I guess that was tough financially, raising her all alone."
"It was, but I've had a few good breaks along the way, and always been a hard worker, have a good job now that takes good care of us. Carly's my treasure, I'd be lost without her."
"You're doing a great job. You have a very comfortable home for starters."
"I've had this home for as long as I've had Carly. I bought it with a windfall I came into when she was born. Figured a home, free and clear, was an unbeatable investment."
"Must've been a considerable windfall if it bought you a home."
"That was nearly twenty-five years ago, homes were cheaper back then."
"Well, in any case, you made a smart choice."
Carly returned to the room, suddenly professing to be very tired and with a full day of weekend research ahead of her. "Sorry I abandoned you with Mom for so long, I'm moving kinda slow now, been a long week."
"For me too, I'd better be going now, though."
"Let me walk you to the door."
"Susan, it was a real pleasure meeting you, now I know where Carly gets. . . well, everything, from."
"You're quite the charmer yourself. You know, not many men are lucky enough to get Carly to say yes to a date."
"Mom!" Carly exclaimed. "Let's go before she embarrasses me," Carly said, her jaw clenched, as she grabbed Pat's arm and guided him through the kitchen door.
Pat turned his head over his shoulder and waved, "bye!"
With the front door closed behind them Carly extended her arms towards Pat and he slipped his under hers and pulled her towards himself. "Keep an eye on the window curtain behind me, if she's gonna spy, that's where she'll do it," Carly said.
Pat smiled back. "I like her, got moxie, I can see her all over you."
"I'm flattered by that. She is the most remarkable woman I've ever known, and the most remarkable mother anyone could have ever hoped for." As she allowed her eyes to droop shut he put his mouth over hers and kissed her. It was not a first date, goodnight peck, it was a passionate, probing kiss.
Pat pulled away just a little bit to gaze on her face in the porch light. "I'm guessing you're gonna let me see you again?"
Carly responded by bringing her mouth back up to his, brushing her lips against his. "Oh, yes."
CHAPTER TWELVE
Pat was refocused on his work, though Carly still held his imagination, as he drove the freeway down to the town of Metropolis on the Illinois, Kentucky border.  He was still miles from the town limits when he saw the billboards and was reminded, he was visiting Superman's hometown. He reached for his steno pad and reviewed the address, 174 Maple Street. On another sheet he had his computer-mapped directions, it was just two turns and less than a mile off of Highway 24.
He pulled up to the curb in front of the house and was taken aback by the fine house the Cubs' star shortstop had bought his parents. Pat knew that Lee had bought the house for his long-suffering family with his first signing bonus. He just hoped that Lee had already paid it off before he passed.
He walked up to the front and knocked. The door was promptly answered by a tall, attractive, brunette woman who's long face and red-rimmed eyes still mirrored the pain of the past month. 
"Mrs. Horner? I’m Patrick Williams, with the Tribune, I called you the other day," Pat said.
"Yes, Patrick, please come in."
Pat and Mrs. Horner walked into the living room where her husband was watching the television. He didn't rise from his seat nor extend his hand. Pat sensed a brutishness about the man which was confirmed when he spoke in a mean growl, perhaps like someone who had just watched his gravy train drive off into the sunset without him.
"I’m Lee’s father—stepfather," the man said with just a brief glance in Pat's direction. 
"I'm so sorry about the death of your son.  He was a tremendous athlete, and would have helped take us to the World Series. A tragic loss for all us, and my sympathies to you," Pat opened his steno pad as he spoke.
"It’s been rough on us, especially his mother.  She raised him alone for five years until we met and married. But I loved him as if he was my own son, too," Mr. Horner said, softening up just a little bit.
"I’m sorry if some of my questions are difficult, but Lee had thousands of fans and they really want to know what happened, and that his family was by his side. Did you get a chance to talk to him very much before he passed away?"
"Yes, though barely. We went to Chicago soon as we heard that his condition was serious. He had already suffered several seizures by the time we got there. I talked to him before he fell into the coma," Mrs. Horner was weeping softly as she spoke.
"What is the last thing you were able to talk about before he went into the coma?"
"I’ll answer that," Mr. Horner said. "It was a very spiritual talk.  He knew that something was seriously wrong, but not that he was going to die. Still, he talked a great deal about the Lord and how he knew that if anything happened he would be welcomed into a place filled with joy. His last words were to his mother. He told her how much he loved her. And from that point on it was only the machinery that kept him going. But, even that was not enough to defeat whatever got him."
Pat stood as Mrs. Horner got up to leave the room. When she had left he sat back down. Mr. Horner hadn't moved and didn't seem to understand why Pat had stood then sat down again.
"I don’t know if she'll ever recover from this.  They were incredibly close.  And the future held so much promise."
"You said that you were his stepfather. Did his biological father know that Lee was dying, and was he there?"
"His biological father is a mystery to me, and was a mystery to Lee.  Only Jane knows who he was or where he is. And she has never told either of us anything about him. That last bit of information, that would best be left out, if you don’t mind."
"Not a problem.  Did Lee have any brothers or sisters?"
"Yes, he has one of each.  They're his half-sister and half-brother. I'm the father there.  It's kinda like a second family for him. Was a second family for him"
"They still live at home then?"
"Yes, they're in school today."
"What was their relationship to Lee?"
"They adored him, even before he became a star.  And he loved them too.  They're in therapy now to cope with the loss."
"Does Lee have a room here at this house?"
"Yes, he visited often, he bought this house for us. His mother is keeping it as a shrine. Goes in and dusts every day, even changes the sheets every week, even though nobody sleeps there."
"Can I see the room?"
"Sure, follow me, but no pictures."
Pat walked around the room taking in all the memorabilia, the shelves stacked high with awards, trophies and plaques. There was a neatly made double bed and dresser. He picked up an MVP trophy from the preceding year. "I'm surprised that he didn’t keep all these at his home in Chicago."
"Most of them were kept there, but he left them to his mother when he died.  I suppose in time she'll return them to the Cubs so they can be put them on display for the public to see."
"You said he visited often?"
"All the time, until recently. He was engaged to be married shortly before he died. The engagement was a secret up to his death."
"Who was the lady he was to marry?"
"His high school sweetheart, Joanne Smigh."
"How do you spell that?"
"S-m-i-g-h."
"Where is she?"
"With her parents here in town. As you can imagine, she's a wreck too."
"It couldn’t have been easy for anyone.  I can see that this interview is starting to wear on you as well. I’ll be on my way, and thanks very much for your help."
"You’re welcome. I hope that your story will carry the theme that he was a wonderful young man and that he was taken away much too soon."
"Don’t worry about that. He was worshipped up in Chicago and by baseball fans around the country."
Pat and Mr. Horner walked back down the stairs, stopping to look at the many framed family photos that hung on the walls of the stairwell. "Did Lee make any effort to find out who his father was?"
"Not that I know of, but as I asked earlier, prefer to leave that out of any reporting. As far as we are concerned, Lee was concerned, and the rest of his fans need to know, I was his father."
"I understand, and will respect that, even though I'm not sure where this story will end up going. Lots of mystery here, and not just his unexplained death."
"Thanks for stopping by, and I know you'll do his memory right in your reporting."
"I sure will, thanks again for your time. Please say good-bye to his mother for me." Pat shook the man's hand and left the home, headed back to Springfield.
CHAPTER THIRTEEN
Pat was leaning up against his car, parked on the curb, growing increasingly impatient. He no longer took his eyes off  the digital clock on the side of the bank across the street, having resolved to get back in his car and leave promptly at 10:15 if his snitch, LaVibora, did not show up by then, thirty minutes later than promised. Pat was just turning when a tall, Hispanic male walked by nervously, dropping a matchbook on the ground by his feet without breaking his stride. When he was thirty feet further down the sidewalk Pat stooped over to pick it up. Inside LaVibora had scrawled 'behind Club Octopussy in haf hour.' 
Pat questioned the need for this extreme cloak and dagger, but had been playing along so far, and saw no reason to change course. Chuckling, he got back in his car and drove around town observing the night life around him until the appointed time. At 10:45 he pulled up to the curb in front of the club, parked, and walked round back of the Latin hip-hop club. LaVibora was leaning against the back wall in the shadows. Close by Pat took note of  a couple engaged in frenetic necking. LaVibora snapped his fingers and Pat walked over.
"LaVibora?" Pat asked.
"Yeah it's me," the lanky, tattooed, gang-banger answered. Pat could not remember having ever been in the presence of someone so nervous. He also saw how this snitch got his name, as he constantly flicked his tongue out of his mouth, wetting his lips, just like a viper. If he got much more nervous surely he'd wet his pants next, Pat thought.
"You the newspaper man?" LaVibora said flatly, more as a statement than a question..
"Yes."
"We need, like, to set some rules, man."
"I understand. Carlos told me that you needed to be careful."
"Done with Carlos, don't talk to him again, okay? It's just me now, he's out of the game. Yeah, this is not a real good place for me to be.  And I wouldn’t be helping you, except I need to get out of here. You gonna help me get outta here?"
"There's just so much I can do. You'll be paid for the information, but it's not like I can give you a new identity or anything. You’ll have to go to the police for that."
"What does it cost to get a new identity? How much information do they want for a new identity?"
"It usually means testifying before they'll go that far."
"I’ll give them so much dirt on the boss that they won’t need me to testify."
"I’m not sure I know what’s going on here. Carlos told me you would show me some crack houses, introduce me to a few strung out kids, maybe tell me how a deal goes down.  Now you're talking about a sting to bring down a major dealer?"
"I told you, no more Carlos, besides if I bring the boss down,  Carlos comes down with him. I want to bring the boss man down. His drugs killed my sister, she meant everything to me.  She was always clean, never did anything.  Then three weeks ago they took her, made her take the junk and raped her. She fought them off, and they lost interest, but she died anyway.  The doctors said they don’t know why she died, but she did. I want to get even with them.  I have her picture." He pulled a wad of tattered pictures from his front pants pocket and began shuffling through them.
LaVibora handed Pat a picture of a young woman, though he could not make much out in the poor light. He motioned to the street where there was a streetlamp illuminating fifty feet of sidewalk. "Come on over there, nobody's gonna make anything of it."
 They were walking up to the other couple groping against the back wall of the building. As they approached the couple turned their heads, they were both men. As Pat and LaVibora got closer the one dropped to his knees in front of the other and began unbuckling his belt.
Pat was unfazed and began staring intently at the picture as he came under the light. "I’m so sorry. She looks young, what was her name? She's beautiful, astonishingly beautiful."
"Angela.  She was beautiful.  She was only twenty-five, everything was going right for her."
"LaVibora, I want this story, but we better bring the police in. They can help get you out of town, set you up somewhere else. And bring down this boss guy you're talking about.  How much crack are you talking about?"
"He does hundreds of kilos a month in Chicago.  There's a big deal going down in a coupla days.  I’ll call you soon as I know something.  You gonna protect my identity in the story you're writing?"
"You bet I will. But I want to work Angela into the story. Is this an extra picture of her?"
"Yeah."
"Can I take this picture with me?"
"Sure."
"Can I see the rest of the pictures you're holding?" Pat asked.
LaVibora handed them to Pat and he studied them one by one. He stopped at another picture of a woman who looked very much like Angela. The picture was well worn and the woman was standing in front of a brand new Corvette. It was a Silver Anniversary Pace Car Edition, and Pat was able to place the year as 1978 or later. The woman was very pregnant and smiling. "Who's this? Looks a lot like Angela" he said.
"That's Natalie, our mom."
"Who's she pregnant with?"
"Angela."
"What's the story there?"
"Angela and I are half brother and sister. Same mom, but Angela's dad was white, like Natalie. Then she met my dad, he was a gangster, Hispanic like me. He died young, two years after I was born, when he wrecked her ride on the interstate during a chase. So Natalie raised us both."
"It was her car?"
"Yeah, she talked about it a lot. Think she was sadder about losing it then losing my dad.  Natalie had money back then,  she did some modeling and stuff, and she blew it all on that car. Then my dad wrecked it and killed himself. Natalie's been on welfare and drugs ever since."
"She live around here?"
"East St. Louis."
"Do you think I could meet her?"
"What for?"
"Just for more background on the story. Don't worry, though, I'm not identifying anyone in this story, you are all nameless people, just telling the story, the hardship, how society has let you down."
"Guess if you brought her some dope she'd talk to you."
"I can't do that."
"Then bring her something else.  Give me your phone number, I’ll call you soon as I know more. You talk to your police connections and let them know I’ll need protection, okay?"
"Right away. You know, LaVibora, you’re doing the right thing.  I’ll do all I can to make sure that you’re safe.  And that the bastards who killed your sister pay."
"Thanks, man. "
In the light of the streetlamp Pat got a better look at his snitch. He was dressed in well worn jeans and was wearing a stained, white,  sleeveless tee shirt. It showed off his extensive tattooing well.  Pat, who  had foregone tattooing, was curious about this walking tapestry standing before him.  "Those tattoos, they all your own choice? Or were some of them required, or maybe recommended by your affiliations, clubs, gangs, that sort of thing?"
"This one is for my club, its Pueblo Moreno, we're darker than most of the other Mexicans here in town. But proud of it." LaVibora was pointing to a black widow caught in a web that covered his entire shoulder, a demonic, red Satan sitting on the spider's abdomen.
"Charming."
"Most are my own choosing, some show loyalties, who I belong too. This one here tells my ladies what I like," he said, pointing to a vulgar tattoo on his chest. "They tell my story, and nobody else's."
"I guess this is why they use tattoos instead of dental records to identify bodies now, so they know who to call to claim the body."
"Yeah, that too, I suppose. I'm not supposed to live much past thirty anyway. That's what the street says, at least."
"Could be worse, you could be in Chicago"
"Can you spot me some dinero, I'm skint, got nothing, I'm hungry."
"You a user?"
"No man, I keep my hands clean, never touch the dope."
"Okay, here's fifty, all I got right now, but will get more soon. You've got my number, call any time you have some info, or even if you need help, though can't promise I can always help. Some shit is best left to the police, not a reporter from the Trib."
"Yeah, I can dig that." LaVibora held out a fist and Pat assumed he was to do the same, which he did. LaVibora grinned and bumped his fist into Pat's. "You're alright, see you bro."
"Oh, one last question before I go," Pat said. "What's your real name? I'm sure your parents didn't anticipate your life in a gang, naming you the viper."
"It's Paul."
"Can I call you Paul? I prefer it to LaVibora. I'm really not an associate, or even a friend for that matter."
"Sure, no problema."
* * *
The next day was overcast with merciless high humidity and high temperatures. It smelled like rain was coming. Carly had been making good progress in writing her dissertation and called Pat, pleading to be rescued from her day-to-day to routine. They met at one of the many small Abraham Lincoln museums scattered throughout the region. This one claimed to have been his home briefly during the time between his serving a term in Congress and his presidency.  The museum shared a parking lot with a diner and a small picnic area.
They met out front, arriving at almost the exact same time.
"Punctual, I like that," Carly said.
"Punctual, I expected that." Pat returned the smile.
"I've got a picnic lunch in the cooler in my back seat, it'll keep fine for an hour if you'd like to walk the museum first?"
"Sounds good to me. Didn't even know this one was here, you been here before?"
"No, Mom told me about it. I guess they have a collection of stuff from his early childhood, after the log cabin in Kentucky and before he began studying in earnest."
They toured the museum. It was a somewhat disappointing collection, but one of the docents had done a good job of summarizing the idol's history without too much editorializing or patronizing. Pat appreciated the straightforward reporting. He felt a certain kinship to Lincoln when he read that a young Abe Lincoln lost his mother when he was just nine and she was 34.
The tour was over quick and Carly retrieved their lunch from her car. Together they spread a cloth over the picnic table and Carly began unloading the basket. Carly was smiling but saying little until she muttered "you never told me what you thought about Lorenzo's Oil, the movie I gave you. Did you watch it?"
"Uh, yes. Did watch it, the night you gave it to me, as a matter of fact." He ended the sentence somewhat abruptly, hinting that any opinion would require some more direct questioning.
Carly held both her hands out with the palms pointed up, plaintively suggesting that she was waiting for more. Pat sensed that, and wanted to avoid an impasse. "I thought Susan Sarandon's hair was unnaturally red."
Carly cocked her head to one side, a snicker on her lips.
"And Nick Nolte's Italian accent sounded pretty tortured." Getting no response he continued, "But that's not what you're looking for, is it?"
"No."
"Well, the movie raised all sorts of questions, and while it may give you some insight to how I think, what I feel, isn't it a bit early in our relationship to probe that deep?  Maybe we could wait until after the first few kids are born, or something?"
"Really, did I make a major miscalculation here?" Carly said, stone-faced. She watched as Pat stumbled.
"Oh, just fuckin' with ya, Pat," she said, leaning over to kiss him.
"The movie hit on everything that you've already told me about medicine: novel, outside-the-box thinking, ethics—a big dose of ethics there—and even law. Seems that fear of doing something that left you legally vulnerable was of more than passing interest to a number of players in that drama."
"But despite the odds, they did find an answer, an answer for hundreds, eventually thousands of afflicted boys."
"At what cost to Lorenzo though? I did an online search, he's in his mid-twenties now, still bedridden, still fed through a tube, still communicating yes and no with a blink of his eyes. Can't calculate his suffering, and can't really know if he thought it was worth it, for the life he has now."
"Some people have a drive, a resolve to live, that others never will. I think Lorenzo exhibited that. He had plenty of opportunities to give up the fight, but he never did, that makes me think that he wanted to go on despite his tortured state. Even at that young age I think he had an awareness that he could go on or he could stop it all."
"And what of women who come from families and are known carriers, should they be counseled against having children, or even forbidden to have children? Lots of tough questions."
"Nothing that Susan and I haven't already hashed out, believe me."
Carly and Pat finished their lunch without discussing the movie any more, instead diverting their attention to the threatening clouds, and then, as Carly was packing up the remnants in her picnic basket, Pat's work.
"It was very sad to watch Mrs. Horner talk about her son Lee. Another case of a single mother raising an only child, at least until she married, when Lee was young, and gave him a step-father and a couple half siblings. They were apparently very close, had a bond that she could not duplicate with her other two children."
"See, all those people talking about how bad it is for kids to have only one parent, we know better, don’t we?"
"We also know how much of a struggle it was for our mothers, too."
"I guess so, but look how we turned out.  You’re an ace reporter.  I’m a doctoral candidate, and Lee Williams was a baseball superstar. Our mothers didn’t do so badly."
"And none of us even knew who our father was. I tried to find out more about Lee Williams's birth father, but they clammed up when I started asking."
"Tsk, tsk. Need to be more persistent."
"Is that a cue?"
Carly slapped Pat’s knee then lifted his arm and placed it over her shoulder, nuzzling him. A strong wind had suddenly materialized and Carly looked up at the threatening sky. "Hold me closer, I'm cold."
"Maybe we should go to our cars before we get wet?"
"They're fifty feet away, I think we can make it in time, if it starts raining." Carly had no sooner finished her sentence then the sky lit up with a bright flash of lightning and an almost simultaneous thunderclap that opened Carly's eyes wide. "Ayyyyeeeiii!" she screamed, looking up and watching as a blanket of water fell from the sky towards them. "Run!"
Pat grabbed the basket while Carly pulled the tablecloth off the picnic bench and they made a mad dash towards her car. Halfway there, already soaking, she dropped her keys and came to a sliding stop, losing her balance and falling over in the mud. 
Pat was beside himself laughing as he bent over, extending a hand to help her up. She held onto the hand using it to pull herself up as she fixed her eyes on his. Then, muttering "what the hell," she jerked back on his hand, pulling him down into the mud alongside her. They grabbed each other there in the mud, holding tight, until she proclaimed "okay, this is silly, let's get out of the rain."
They stood and walked over to the awning that ran the length of the front of the diner, in no rush, letting the driving rain wash some of the mud off them. Once in front of the diner's large picture window they saw a family with small children. The kids were holding their hands over their mouths, pointing at them, and giggling.
Pat first dried Carly as best he could with the very damp tablecloth, and  Carly did the same for him. Then just as suddenly as it had started, the cloudburst was over and the rain stopped. They walked back over to Carly's car once again. He held her as they said good-bye, kissing like lovers and not new friends.
She repeated herself.  "I was saying, you need to be more persistent."
"I have a feeling that my reporting in this story is far from over," Pat said.
"You ever feel like you're getting obsessed with your work?"
"I dunno. Is obsessed the same as overwhelmed?"
"I guess your obsessed when it's by choice. Overwhelmed when it's not."
"Do you have a good word for when it's both?"
"Have to think about that a bit," Carly said, stroking her chin. "Passionate, maybe? Why, is that how you feel about work?"
"No. It’s how I feel about you. Overwhelmed and obsessed at the same time. Passionate."
* * *
Pat was approaching each morning with dread as he would saunter into the offices where his morning meetings with Ned were feeling more and more like a time-clock-punching exercise.  He was caught up in his stories, but handing over precious little editorial to fill the pages of the paper and its capitol section. He knew that he could whip together police wire stories and other news, but did not know how long Ned would put up with that, especially after Ned had confided his high hopes in him.  His preoccupation with Carly was not helping matters much.
"Paddy my boy, I've been expecting more from you, much more. Square with me, what's going on?"
"I'm working two big stories, the crack house piece is going off in a dozen different directions, and I'm still far from done with the Williams story. What I gave you last week was, I think, just the tip of an iceberg."
"Which one are you closer to cracking?" Ned grimaced, "no pun intended, of course."
"Probably the crack house story since I don't have to wait on a slow-as-molasses coroner to move forward again there."
"Give me one of the directions that you're considering there."
Pat fished in his pocket and pulled out the two pictures from Paul, the one of Angela he had been given and the one of their mother, Natalie, that he had stolen by sliding it behind Angela's picture right in front of Paul. He handed them to Ned. "This is my snitch's sister—half-sister—and their mother. The sister is dead, I think I already told you that. The mother is strung out on dope and living on welfare down in East St. Louis. I'm tempted to go down there and visit her, get the color I want for the story."
"East St. Louis isn't far, why haven't you gone yet?"
"Paul told me my best bet for getting an interview with her is to bring her some dope, don't think I can or should do that, so still trying to figure out how to get her attention."
"That's all you know about her? And, yes, you're right, don't even think about bringing her a present like that. Money? Food? Flowers?" Ned looked more closely at the picture of Natalie, then at Angela. "Wow, maybe I'll bring her some flowers, what a knockout. How old would the mother be now?"
"Maybe mid-forties?"
"But all you have is this old picture?"
"Yeah. And remember, you've got Clara at home."
"Wasn't gonna go to East St. Louis anyway. But I want you to. Have your snitch arrange it, you can give him money, and if he needs to he can buy her the dope I guess, keeps you at arm's-length, and even though I hate to see that."
"Okay. I sent over the article on the convenience store murder last night, you get it?"
"Yes, you're just barely earning your keep though, get me something good, and get it to me soon!"
"Yessir," Pat said, scurrying out of Ned's office.
Ned stuck his head out the door and shouted after the departing Pat, "still getting great feedback on the Williams story you gave me last week, congratulations! I want that follow-up, soon!"

Paul answered his phone on the first ring. "Paul, my editor is really on me to get some color in this story, and I know that you're gonna have some good shit for me pretty soon, but I need something now. I've got something easy, though, can you help me out?"
"Last time we met you said we weren't friends."
"Yes, I did, and I'm sorry," Pat said, regretting his attempt to maintain that arm's-length from his story's characters.
"I want to talk to Natalie."
"She lives in East St. Louis, in an apartment over the Wiggle Room Strip Club on State Street. You don't need an introduction, buy a lap dance and you can probably get all you need from her.  Don't like telling you that, but hell, I lost her a long time ago."
"Thanks Paul, I appreciate it."
"What you gonna do for me?"
"I'll have some more scratch for you when I see you next, you still gonna call me when you have something, right?"
"Yeah, I will."
"Okay, it's a slow day, gonna go see her now, you want me to say anything?"
"Don’t tell her anything about knowing me."
CHAPTER FOURTEEN
Pat started his car, pulled a u-turn and drove the three blocks to get onto Interstate 55 and the two hour trip to East St. Louis. He was lost in thought for much of the trip, dreaming of Carly and stressing over his need to get a winning story in print.  Still half an hour out of East St. Louis he pulled off the freeway when he spied a sign advertising a diner. He pulled into the potholed parking lot of Oury's, a dilapidated but nevertheless inviting eatery.  There were a half dozen patrons and plenty of tables, but it was Pat's habit to sit at the bar where he could engage the waitress, and maybe even the cook, in friendly conversation.
Sure enough, as the waitress was pouring him a cup of hot coffee out of her Chemex carafe she addressed him in the sweetest southern twang he'd heard in ages. "Hi hun, wanna see a menu?"
"No, just the coffee and a danish, thanks," Pat said.
"You sure? Oury, back there," she was jerking her thumb over her shoulder, "not only makes the best grilled meatloaf sandwich you've ever had, well, he gets a little ornery when people don't try his cookin'. This danish? It came wrapped in cellophane from some bakery up Chicago way."
"Guess I've been warned, I'll take the meatloaf. Can you pass me that paper over there?" Pat asked, pointing to the counter space three seats down from himself.
"Sure, here ya go," she said, sliding the paper over. "I'll be right over with that sandwich."
Pat picked up the newspaper, it was the St. Louis Post-Dispatch. It was quarter-folded and he open it up so he could read above the fold. An update on the newly raging war in Iraq, the launch of Apple's iTunes service, and the march across of the world of the deadly SARS virus crowded the front page. He turned the paper to follow the war story down the page but was distracted by a smaller headline in the bottom corner. A chill went through his body as he read 'Mystery Illness Claims Jacob Williams of Dorchester: SARS?'
Jacob was a young man, just getting set to graduate from college when he mysteriously died. Though the headline asked if SARS was  involved Pat could see it was just a ploy to cause anxiety and sell more newspapers. It was obvious from the story itself that SARS had been dismissed as a possible cause.
"Where's Dorchester?" he called over to the waitress.
"Other side of the Interstate, 'bout ten miles back north, blink and ya'll 'll miss it."
"You know anything about this Jacob Williams who died a few days ago?"
"Oh yes, poor boy, he was only twenty-one years old. Bright kid, too. Was gonna graduate from Washington University in St. Louis this month, studied there on a full scholarship for the last four years. My boy went to high school with him. Fit as a fiddle, then just died with no warnin'. Sure shook up this town. And his ma too. He was everythin' to her. She raised him all alone too, since the day he was born. Never even knew who his father was."
"Where would someone go to get medical treatment in these parts?"
"For somethin' as serious as he had? Have to go to St. Louis."
"What did he have?"
"Dunno. But it was serious enough to kill him."
"Okay, thanks. That meatloaf was delicious, thanks Oury!" Pat shouted towards the back. Oury held up his thumb in appreciation for the compliment. "How much do I owe you, and I'd like to keep this," he said holding up the paper.
"Four and seventy-five cents. Paper's free, long as you leave the sports section, that's what gets read 'round here," the waitress said.
Pat pulled a five and a one out of his wallet and laid it on the counter, then waved good-bye.
Back in the car he resumed his trip to East St. Louis and Paul's mother, Natalie, though he was now half tempted to go to St. Louis, find the medical center and see if Jacob Williams was a coincidence or in any way a key to removing the anomaly aspect of Lee Williams's death.
Pat had only been to East St. Louis once before, but he didn't remember it as being this rundown. He had no trouble finding the Wiggle Room once he was on State Street. At one in the afternoon there were only a few cars parked nearby and he found a spot right in front of the door. The door was ajar and he peered into a dimly lit interior and a stench of week old beer that had him gagging. He held his breath and walked in.  The carpet was threadbare and stained, and the music was a tinny Bee Gees coming from a pair of small speakers on a wood stage, bare but for three shiny, brass poles. There was nobody performing so he took a seat in the front and sat down. An overweight, fearsomely large man walked up and gave him a once over. "Waddya want to drink?" he growled.
"A Bud," Pat replied. He was left alone until the man returned with the beer and demanded twenty dollars. Pat handed it over. 
"Lap dances are thirty, but keep your hands by your side, or it'll get expensive real quick," the man said before disappearing and leaving Pat alone in the large, dark, smelly room with the tinny Bee Gees playing in the background.
Pat nursed his twenty-dollar beer, determined to make it last for as long as he needed, to find out if Natalie was there, and if she would talk to him. On the catwalk leading to the side of the stage, coming from the end of the room opposite to Pat, he spotted a woman in a bikini walking over, approaching him and the pole. He had estimated Natalie's height at five foot nine from the picture and this woman fit the bill, but he could not make out her other features until she moved into the spotlight.  
If it was Natalie her dope habit had aged her beyond the forty-three years Paul had told him. Now at the pole, she languidly grabbed it with one hand and slowly slipped to the wooden stage floor as she twirled around, bringing her face just a few yards from Pat's. It was Natalie, though much of  her beauty had been erased.
She still had enough elasticity in her limbs to magically pull herself upright using her hands, one over another on the pole; twisting, then sliding back down, pushing her buttocks to within reach of Pat, giving a little wiggle, soliciting a tip. Pat obliged,  reaching in his pocket for a ten dollar bill, though rather than stuffing it in her g-string he simply threw it onto the stage floor. She dipped her head down between her legs looking at him, upside down and pouting. " 'Fraid to touch?" she asked.
"No, not really. Sore pitching arm, tough softball game yesterday. Look, can hardly lift it over my head," he said, feigning pain as he lifted his arm to shoulder height.
"Well, that's fine. Just leave your arms at your side and I'll come over there." In one fluid motion she had slid her oiled body off the stage and was straddling Pat's lap. "The ten bucks you threw up there was a down payment, the next fifteen minutes'll cost you another twenty."
"I'll give you fifty if you tell me a little about yourself."
"And why would you want to know anything about me?" she asked, pushing herself off Pat and screwing her face into a scowl. Pat thought it actually made her look a little more attractive. Off to his side he noticed that a group of three boisterous, young men in Greek-lettered tee shirts and ball caps were selecting a stagefront table.
"I'm not the heat," Pat said, trying to assimilate better by using his best street talk, even if it was tortured, and learned in the movie theater, and not as part of his day-to-day survival. "I'm a reporter, an out-of-town reporter, and I'm writing a story. I want your story, but I won't use any pictures, or a name, or anything."
"You want my story?"
"Yes, I do."
"I'm touched.  But unless you can pay me about two hundred dollars, which is what I'll earn over the next three hours, then you're outta  luck."
"Can't afford that."
"Then sit back and drink beer for three hours, I'll talk to you later, when I'm done, okay?"
"At twenty bucks a pop, three hours of drinking beer will set me back almost the same. Can I come back? I have some other business I'd like to take care of while I'm in town."
"Okay, I'm off at four-thirty. Use the stairs round back, I live over top of here. The stairs look like they're gonna fall off the wall, but it's okay, they won't."
"Thanks, I'll be back at four-thirty."
Pat got up and walked to the door he had come in through as Natalie resumed her routine at the pole, and the three men jeered and cheered her on.

There were enough bridges connecting the multiple, urbanized neighborhoods of the St. Louis metro area that Pat did not have to fight traffic getting over the Mississippi, and then to the St. Louis Regional Medical Center. It was a massive campus that housed administrative offices, a medical teaching center, an emergency room that alone was the size of most other hospitals, and then the hospital itself. Pat was hoping that he could get to where he needed to be, let alone spend the time sweet-talking someone into giving him the info he wanted, before Natalie might give up on his returning for their meeting.
Pat parked and was pleased to find on the directory an office dedicated just to medical records, and it was next to the parking structure. He put his hands over his head to straighten his hair, blew once into his cupped hands, and quickly fished in his pocket for a mint to hide the beer odor that was still lingering on his breath. The sun was beating down mercilessly. Combined with the extraordinary humidity it felt like he was in a steam bath, and he drew his finger along the inside of his shirt collar to sweep away the sweat. He pulled another button out of its hole and spread his shirt open a few inches, showing more of his chest hair.
Once inside the health records office he looked around, happy to see he was the only customer, and the counter was staffed by a lone, young woman. Just perfect, he thought. He was quite used to, and quite successful at, charming the young women with limited education who were so frequently recruited for these desk jobs.
"Hi there, sweetheart," he said, standing right up against the waist high counter, putting his elbows down on the countertop and leaning in towards the young woman. She blushed deeply as she regarded Pat.
"Hello, sir . . . , " she stammered.
"I'm with the Distel Funeral Agency, and we're going to be managing the funeral service for that unfortunate boy, Jacob Williams, who passed away here just the other day.   But you know, his family has requested an open casket, and they couldn't tell me if it was an infectious disease that led to his most unfortunate demise, and we must protect the family and friends from contracting the terrible malady this young boy suffered. I do so hope you can help me out there as the family is in such deep mourning and the funeral is scheduled for first thing tomorrow morning."
The young woman tilted her head sideways just a bit, as if taking in and pondering the story she had just been given. She relented just a bit and asked, "the name again, please?"
"Would that be mine or the poor departed's name?" he asked, winking, and thinking, first base, so far so good.
"I suppose I would need both."
"Well, his name is Jacob Williams, from Dorchester, just over the state border in Illinois. And mine is William Distler, of the Distler Funeral Agency."
"Didn't you say Distel the first time?" she asked, suddenly sounding suspicious.
"Did you hear Distel the first time? You know I have an annoying habit of dropping my r's when I'm flustered, and let me tell you, you've got me just a little bit flustered, sweetheart." The young woman smiled again. Second base.
"Jacob Williams . . . here he is. Oh dear.  Checked in on Monday and he died on Sunday, that was quick."
"That's why I need to make sure it wasn't something communicable, usually it is something infectious, if it happens that quick. Certainly not a coronary, in such a young man."
"No, absolutely not."
"Should I seal the casket, in your professional opinion?"
"Uhhm, I'm not really qualified to say. Are you?" she asked.
"I do this all day long, and my daddy for fifty years before me."
"It's rather a long report, can I just print it out and give it to you?"
"You're an angel."
With a click of her mouse the young woman sent the file to a printer and Pat could hear his home run being printed. His heart began to race as heard a second, then a third, fourth—twenty-two pages in all—printing out.
"Here you go Mr. Distler," she said, putting an emphasis on the r.
"Thank you so much sweetheart," Pat replied, taking the papers and strutting out the door.
Pat still had time before his meeting with Natalie so he drove over to the Gateway Arch, parked and walked to a nearby bench. He pulled the papers that the kind, if gullible, young woman had given him and began reading. He did not have to go far to conclude that he did, indeed, have a virtual carbon copy of Lee Williams's death. As he continued reading he realized that he had been given far more information after his little charade than he had ever been given on Lee. In the case of the Cubs' shortstop it was only the non-conclusive conclusion. But here in his hands he had everything that Jacob Williams's doctors had observed, suspected or determined during the course of his hospitalization and death. It was a treasure trove.
Pat knew a run of good luck when he saw one so he fought an urge to head home and see Carly, instead returning to the strip club. As instructed he parked in the rear and walked up the rickety wooden staircase leading to a lone second floor door. He looked for a doorbell, and finding none, he rapped on the faded green door with his knuckles.
Natalie answered the door, no longer dressed in her pole dancing bikini, but in faded blue jean cut-offs and a pink, low cut tee shirt. She had a cigarette in one hand and a drink in the other, and when she beckoned him in with one of her sleeveless arms, he was relieved to see that there were no visible needle track marks. The skin was smooth and unblemished. She was smiling, and in the daylight he realized that he had judged her too harshly earlier, she still had much of the good looks of her youth.
"Come on in," she said, taking a step back from the open door. Pat followed her into the stifling hot apartment, closing the door behind himself. He had walked into a single, large room that consisted of a simple kitchen to the right and a living space to the left.
"Can I get you a drink?" she asked, standing bare-footed on the cracked and faded linoleum floor.
"Sure, something cold, maybe," he said, taking in the spare kitchen with its three wall-mounted cabinets, one of which was missing its door, a small sink, a shoulder-high, single door Philco refrigerator and a countertop microwave.
"Sure is hot in here, isn't it? Air's been broken since last summer, so go sit over by the fan." In the close confines of the apartment, they were standing no more than a half dozen feet from each other and  he could breath in her musky scent.
Pat walked over to the well-worn couch, over the same carpet he had seen downstairs. 
"Want what I'm drinking?" she asked.
"What are you drinking?"
"Vodka on ice. Usually without the ice, but in this heat, it gets warm before I can drink it. And it's comin' from the freezer too. It's that friggin' hot. Miserable hot. What am I doin' in East St. Louis hot."
"I like the ice, and maybe just a little vodka, and a mixer if you've got one."
She grabbed the oversized, chromed refrigerator door-latch and pulled it open. From his vantage point Pat could see the open refrigerator, but there was no light and it was dark inside and Pat imagined it to be a  massive petri dish. Natalie reached her arm in and pulled out a bottle, examining it in the light. "Got a little ginger ale, might be flat though."
"That'll do, thanks," Pat said from his place on the sofa. He saw an overflowing ashtray by the recliner and assumed that was where she was sitting. She brought his drink over and sat down on the sofa next to him, pulling her legs up and folding her feet beneath herself. Pat studied her for a moment in the more flattering sunlight streaming in through a picture window. She was perspiring a bit from the heat,  and perhaps the alcohol as well. While her hair looked as though it had not been recently styled, it was thick and glowed, shining a bright auburn where the sun glanced off it. Her green eyes were large and somewhat glazed, with  noticeable bags underneath them.
She was already high, Pat saw that in her dreamy expression, but figured she was a professional and this was just how she functioned, and that they would likely be able to have a lucid conversation. 
"What do you want to know about me?" Natalie asked in a demur voice
"Your past, how you ended up here, if this is what you planned, or if fate dealt you a bad hand. Do you have dreams that go beyond this, or is this it? That sort of thing." Pat had noted her tone, but assured himself that she was not going to be shy or modest, that it was just part of her act, and he was not going to be at all hesitant in his questioning or worried where it might lead.
"Why don't you start by telling me what you've already assumed about me."
"That you're intelligent, perhaps you had different aspirations in your youth, and perhaps some bad luck, maybe bad decisions, led to here. I'm not judging you, but I assume most people would want functioning air conditioning in the summer, and it's not your preference to sit in front of a fan circulating stale air all evening."
"You're good. What paper did you say you're with?"
"I didn't say, but it’s the Chicago Tribune."
"And what's the story you're writing?"
"It started as a story on the crack epidemic in Illinois, and has just sort of evolved from there."
"You're assuming I'm a junkie?"
"Not assuming, and I can see that you aren't . . . at least now. I'm writing about the culture that revolves around junk and the people who use it. You might not be a user, but you are in the thick of the culture here where you live, where you work, where you shop . . ."
"You wanna find users then go back downstairs. They should start showing up around seven o'clock, that's when they start waking up, get their fix on, then look to find something to occupy their evening. Just passing time until . . ."
"Until what?"
"The end. Doesn't end good for most of them. All of them. It's a rotten life, addiction. You've thrown it all away, just waiting. Sometimes hoping."
"Hoping for salvation? I noticed a few churches scattered around the neighborhood. Rundown, most of them, but I imagine they are here to offer hope."
"I think more of the junkies are hoping for something else. Hoping for an end to the misery. The junk eases the pain less and for a shorter time each day. At  the beginning you shoot, or snort, or smoke it for the high. Then it's to take the edge off life when you're not on a fix. Then it's so you can breathe. Then it's so you can die. It's a cycle. For some it’s a short cycle. For others, they just hang on a little too long, and it gets so hellish when you get close to the end, when you've reached terminal velocity."
"What's the extent of your education?"
Natalie laughed. "College dropout. Was doing well, then started giving in to temptation. Weak I suppose. Guess I blew it, I was supposed to go places. A one bedroom over a strip club probably not where most people thought I'd end up."
"You have secrets. Maybe dark secrets."
"Well, my secrets wouldn't shock anybody in this neighborhood, we all got secrets. They'd probably shock some of your readers in their God-fearing, lily-white suburbs, a long way from here. Won't find too many people who even read the paper around here."
"You seem to know where I want to go with this."
"I think you're already there, honey. You don't even need to interview me, just write the story, you've got it figured out already," she said, leaning in towards Pat.
"Are you a loner?"
"Now, maybe somewhat. Mind you, I pole dance, and I lap dance, but I don't turn tricks. Never have, and never will. Well, not entirely true, I did once. It was an offer I couldn't say no to."
"Oh, what was that?"
"Long time ago, I was just eighteen, and God, was I gorgeous. I could turn heads like you wouldn't believe. Am I still pretty, or have I lost it?"
"You're still pretty. Much prettier than I thought when I first saw you downstairs. That lighting doesn't do much for you."
"Thank you, honey." She smiled. A really sweet smile, Pat thought. 
"Yeah, I know. I keep getting on Carl to, ooppps, didn't mean it that way, I don't actually get on Carl, oh God no," she was laughing heartily at her misstatement now.
"I understood that," Pat laughed back.
"So, I keep telling him, get better lighting, fewer shadows that way. But he says I'm the exception, and that the other girls, well, lights'll scare the customers away. And lots of times they don't want to see too well through the shadows, what's really sitting in their lap."
"You were saying about an offer you couldn't turn down, a long time ago?"
Natalie was about to answer when there was a rap at the door. "Oh honey," she said as she swung her legs out from under herself, "that's Chinese delivery. Be a sweetheart and pay for it while I refresh my drink." She stumbled into the kitchen while Pat answered the door, paid for the food and returned to set it on the kitchen table.
"Best Chinese food in all East St. Louis," she slurred, and Pat realized he might have misjudged her ability to hold her alcohol. "Grab a box," she said as she picked one up herself and returned to the sofa. She took a bite and set the rest down on the coffee table while Pat sat down next to her.
"Where were we?" she asked.
"An offer you couldn't refuse."
"Oh, yeah, strangest of things, I gotta tell you. I was approached one day by a guy in a fancy suit told me he had a propsit . .  proposi . . . oh shit, a pro—"
"A proposition?" Pat offered.
"Yeah, one of those," she was sliding quickly into drunkenness. "He said that if I was willing to be impren . . . impereg . . .  oh shit I just can't talk anymore." She was crying now.
"Impregnated."
"Yup, if I was willing to carry and raise a baby for a donor I'd get paid a bunch of money, more money than I'd ever imagined having, and then a check every month after that. So I did it. I bought a beautiful Stingray, and then had a beautiful baby girl nine months later. Everything was wonderful."
"What happened after that?"
"After that? The checks stopped after a cupl'a years. Then my boyfriend wrecked my car and killed hisself . . . " Natalie was drifting off and let go of her glass. It fell to the carpet, spilling its contents. Pat leaned over, put the ice back in the glass and set it on the coffee table.
"And then?" Pat asked.
"And then?" Pat repeated.
"And then, two weeks ago, my beautiful baby girl . . . she died . . . I couldn't protect her." Natalie was curled into a ball on the sofa, sobbing. Pat sat next to her, stroking her hair as the sobbing subsided.
"Natalie?" Pat called out softly.
There was no response. Natalie was breathing softly between sniffles, but the conversation was over. Pat kissed her on the forehead and said "bye, Natalie." He stood and pulled his wallet out, emptying all the money he had, except five dollars, onto the coffee table, knowing full well he was violating Ned's terms of engagement. He stole down the rickety staircase to his car and drove home to Springfield.

When he got back to the apartment he found that Carly had let herself in with the key he had given her, made a sandwich, leaving the second half carefully wrapped in cellophane in the refrigerator, and put a note on the table. It said: 'let myself in, made a sandwich, left half for you, going home to Susan. We still on for dinner tomorrow at Brimley's? Love ya.'
Pat called her cell phone and left a message on her voice mail saying that, yes, they were still on for dinner at Brimley's, a diner they had both frequented in the past, but never been to together. 
The apartment Pat had been renting for the past eight years felt as much like home to him as any place he had ever lived. It was not fancy by any means, but he'd done a good job arranging it so it was comfortable, reflecting his personality and making a distinct statement who he was. It was more than just a two hour drive from East St. Louis, it was a world apart from that city; from Natalie's apartment.
The drive home had been with red-rimmed eyes. In the short few hours he'd spent with Natalie he'd developed a strong attraction to her. It was a strange attraction; an Oedipal conflict of sorts, for a woman who was very near his mother's age. But in the throes of that conflict he genuinely wanted most for her to be happy. To find a happiness that she never would find in a one bedroom apartment over a strip club in East St. Louis.
 Before falling into a restless sleep Pat thought about the  two new and  troubling pieces to his puzzles. Was there more than a coincidental connection between Lee Williams and Jacob Williams? They had both died of mysterious infections at a young age, and everything said that they should not have died. Was it crack that destroyed Natalie's life, or did she turn to crack to find solace in an already destroyed life? Had she found a parachute and escaped before reaching the terminal velocity of addiction that she warned about? Or was she, too, hoping for a relief that only death could someday bring?
 CHAPTER FIFTEEN
Pat awoke early the next morning, grateful it was a Saturday morning and he didn't have to report in to Ned for two days. He spent most of the day tidying up his apartment, then washed his car and otherwise tried to find ways to kill time before he would see, hold, and kiss Carly. Anxious to close the distance, he left early for Brimley's and took a booth. He ordered a cup of coffee, pulled out his steno pad and began filling in what he had discovered on his trip down south the day before; carefully keeping his two stories separate, but easily moving from one to the other as inspiration and unfolding paragraphs struck him. As was his habit he had written the skeleton for his story in black and white during breaks in the active stage of the investigation. He would now double his word count, filling in the story, turning it from black and white to color.
Pat did not notice as Carly walked into the diner. She spotted him and walked over to the table. He was still unaware as he scribbled furiously.  
She stood over the table, arching an eyebrow, "ya know, they make these little computers called laptops now, about as thick as a book and the size of a twice folded newspaper, you should get one. What are you going to do when the pencil goes the way of the buggy whip?"
Pat smiled and stood up, leaning forward to kiss Carly. "Wise ass. Nice to see you too."
"Chasing down rabbit holes, or getting closer to solving the mystery?"
"A little of both. How's school?"
"Fine. Been in the lab all day working on the actual implementation of the theory behind my thesis. Pretty exciting, I might be onto something."
"So happy for you," Pat said, lost in her deep eyes. "Hungry?"
"Starving."
Pat slid a menu over and they ordered their dinner. 
"I remember the challenge of getting a degree. Not with much fondness, either."
"What have you been up to? Didn't know you were gonna be gone all day yesterday."
"Took a trip down to East St. Louis."
"Oh, what for?"
Pat spent the next forty-five minutes recounting his trip and what he found out about Jacob Williams and his meeting with Paul's mother, Natalie, as they ate their dinner.
Carly made few interruptions as he went through the whole story, then she said, "I could've stopped you a hundred times during that story, but didn't, so now I have lots of questions, you know."
"Can't we set business aside for a few hours?" he pleaded.
Carly slid around the booth coming up next to Pat and put her arms around his neck and her forehead up against his. "Sure, why not." She kissed him on the mouth, not letting go until there was an "ahem" from a table nearby. She pulled back and giggled. "Let's get outta here."
Outside the diner they walked over to a picnic bench under a large, spreading elm tree. Carly sat on the edge of the table as Pat nuzzled up against her. She wrapped her legs around his waist pulling him in tight. "You know, this is the worst possible time for this to happen to me," she said.
"What’s that?"
"Meeting you.  I spent far too much time thinking about you today, and not enough time working on my thesis.  I think that I might be breaking new ground with my thesis research in intelligent DNA."
"I don’t mind if you find time to learn more about me."
"How about tomorrow?"
"Why don’t you stop by my place. We can pull an all-nighter together. You can work on your thesis and I can start writing my next article on Lee Williams."
"Okay, I gotta skedaddle now, lots to do before tomorrow night. I'll be over around seven o'clock, make sure you got some Chinese for me, I'll be hungry."
Pat kissed her again, "see ya tomorrow honey."
CHAPTER SIXTEEN
Pat sat at his dinette with papers spread all around him, as well as the laptop that he neglected to bring with him the other day—and for which Carly had heaped so much abuse on him—and a few empty beer cans. He ran his fingers through his hair in frustration. He'd been so wrapped up in his two stories of the past week, both the Lee Williams story and the crack house story, that he had nothing to turn in, and wasn't likely to have anything for maybe weeks to come.  But when they did come together, he knew he'd have prize winning stuff. Hopefully his boss, Ned, would see it that way too.
He picked up his cell phone and autodialed Susan's number. "Hi Susan, it's Pat."
"Hello Pat, how are you? Carly told me she's been having a wonderful time with you lately," Susan answered.
"Me too. You have a wonderful daughter.  Has she left to meet me yet?"
"Yes, she just finished for the day, working on her thesis. And none too soon. She's looking dreadfully tired and run down. I have never seen her like this before, and I'm getting worried."
"I noticed that a bit the other day too.  Maybe I can talk her into going up to Carlyle Lake this weekend, unwind a bit. Do I have your permission?"
"That would be great for her. Please do ask her."
"I will."
"She said she was on her way over to your place."
"Okay, thank you, and —," Pat was getting ready to say good-bye when his door bell rang. "Dunno if that's Chow Young Fun To Go or your daughter, but I'll talk soon, okay?"
"Sure thing, thanks Pat, bye-bye."
"Bye Susan."
Pat went over to the door, it was the Chow Young Fun Food Factory with his order. He handed the delivery guy a twenty dollar bill and told him to keep the change. As he was closing the door Carly appeared with a sagging backpack filled with books. She was looking run down, but probably no more than any other mid-thesis doctoral candidate.
"Boy, that's a grueling mill they put you through, isn't it?"
"Separates the girls from the women," she replied.
"Still, you don't look too hot right now."
"You really know how to flatter a girl, thanks. It's called fatigue." 
"I'm sorry, didn't mean it that way, just concerned. Come and sit down."
Pat and Carly sat down closely on the sofa. She leaned back against the arm and crossed her legs over his lap, grabbing one of his hands in hers and pulling it towards herself.
"Can’t you get your professor to give you an extension to finish the thesis?" he asked.
"I’ve heard that from your deathbed is the only place he'll grant you an extension.  He says that science can’t afford to wait for the weary, and things are happening so fast in science that the sooner I get it down and published the better the chances someone else won't beat me to it.  He also says that what I am doing is unmatched by even the best-funded labs out there. He's very bullish on my research."
"Does he have other interests in you?"
"Doctor Wilson? Harold? Not likely. He’s married, has seven kids, and would never even look at a woman with the slightest bit of interest, outside of science."
"Can’t you get away for even a few days next weekend? My editor has a cabin at Lake Carlyle that is mine to use anytime I like.  A nice romantic weekend could do wonders to refocus your attention. You could even bring a little work with you."
"Sounds great, let’s say maybe. See how much we can get done tonight.  So don’t start with any kissing now."
Carly pushed Pat’s hand off her stomach, swung her legs off the couch and walked over to the table with her bag. She began pulling her materials out as Pat watched. She picked up a large book with the number 6 printed on the cover, and nothing else. She sat down at the dinette and opened the book.
"You still have questions from our talk last night?"
"Yeah, but I've forgotten them. Let me get started on my work, see how much I get done, then maybe I can help you with your work," Carly snickered.
"Okay,  just quickly then, my snitch wants to be more than just an anonymous story in the Sunday edition, he wants to bring his gang down.  Says they poisoned his sister with drugs, that she was clean until one day they kidnapped her and shot her full of drugs. She died just a few weeks later and he's convinced the drugs did it and wants to get even. That's Angela, his half-sister, the daughter of Natalie, that I told you about yesterday."
"God, that’s awful.  Do you believe him? I’m telling you, the world really sucks out there.  Makes you want to stay in the cocoon of youth and innocence forever."
"That’s easy for you and me to say. But youth and innocence don’t go hand in hand everywhere.  I saw some drug runners who know more about life on the street than I’ll ever know. And they were only eleven years old. Here, he gave me a picture of his sister. Present company excluded, of course, probably the most stunningly beautiful woman I've ever seen. Which is not surprising, her mother still has it, she must've been a knockout too, when she was young."
Pat walked over and handed the picture to Carly. Carly studied it while he returned to the sofa and opened his laptop.
"Wow, she is gorgeous." Carly turned the picture over and gasped. "Did you look at the backside of the picture?"
"Not too closely, why?"
"There was a name written in pencil on the back, then erased. But if you hold it up at an angle you can read it from the impression the pencil made."
"What did it say?"
"Angela Williams."
Pat leaned back on the sofa, tilting his head, and staring at the ceiling. "Wow," was all he said.
"So you've got three dead Williamses now, under somewhat similar circumstances. You're getting a pattern. The probability for coincidence is still there, but diminishing."
"Where do I go with it next?"
"Flow chart, dummy. Didn't you learn anything in college?" Carly teased.
"In humanities? I majored in anthropology."
"Well then, leave good notes for future generations of anthropologists. You know, what kind of beer you drank, that sort of thing."
"I get it. I'll also surprise you," Pat said as he walked over to the dinette, pulled out a sheet of tabloid paper, and began charting what he knew about his three subjects.
He listed his three, Lee, Jacob and Angela, putting each name in a box at the top of the sheet. Then he made a series of boxes that he could connect all three names to: Dead . . . mid-twenties . . . single mother . . . unknown biological father . . . unexpected death . . . He then connected Lee and Jacob to a box that indicated actual cause of death, an uncontrolled infection, wondering now, what really did kill Angela?
Carly leaned over the dinette towards Pat and commented, "I guess it’s a given that all three were named Williams, so you don't need that on the list, right?"
"Right."
"None of the mothers had the surname Williams, so that was given to them at birth, can you condense that down to a two word phrase?"
"Good point, see anything else?"
Carly stared at the sheet, tapping a finger of her one hand on the tabletop while stroking her chin with the other hand, a sign that Pat already recognized as meaning she was deep in thought. "Yeah, actually. They're all pretty accomplished. I mean, one was an MVP shortstop in the major leagues, one was going to be valedictorian at Washington University, and the third, well, you said yourself, drop dead gorgeous."
"Drop dead gorgeous is an accomplishment? For who? The gorgeous one or the guy who gets her?" Pat asked in his best, lewd tone of voice.
"Hey, honey, it takes a lot of work to look this good, to answer the first question. The second question, you ain't too bad yourself," Carly laughed.
"Oh, it comes easy to you."

Later that evening, and thousands of scribbled, scratched out words later, Pat was sitting on the sofa again, watching a Miami Vice rerun when Carly came over and snuggled next to him.  
"If the hours are this long and the work so demanding, so early in our careers, will it only get worse with time?"
"I dunno, always a new challenge around the corner to deal with, I suppose."
"I guess in that respect things have changed.  Could you imagine your mother, or me with my mother, trying to raise a child as a single parent and pursue a career like the ones we've picked for ourselves?"
"No, couldn't even begin to imagine. But then, I have no plans to go it alone.  Maybe I've found someone to join me on my journey through this life."
"May you live long and prosper," Carly said, holding her hand out in a perfect Vulcan salute.
"Something else we have in common, we're both part Vulcan," Pat said as he held his hand up, also giving a perfect Vulcan salute.
"I'm impressed," Carly said. "I've rarely met anybody who can spread their ring and middle fingers apart that well without using their other hand to help. Mom couldn't do it worth a darn, and she tried through all those endless Star Trek episodes we watched together."
Pat grabbed Carly in his arms and pulled her close, his lips finding hers.
"You sure are hitting all the right buttons with me, I could think of lots of chemical terms to describe how I feel. Though maybe it's physics, I think electricity is physics, not chemistry," Carly murmured.
"I know what you're saying, I feel like I'm holding a real live wire in my hands. But they’ve written a million songs about love being a potion."
"Your kisses are sweet."
"I love you," he said.
"I love you more," she said.
They were caught in a tight embrace, their hands exploring places they had not yet been, when Pat's cell phone chimed.  He was ignoring it, but Carly pulled away and sternly admonished "could be Paul, he's supposed to call you. Go answer it."
"Oh, c'mon, wouldn't be Paul this late at night, I'm sure it's a wrong number," Pat answered, pulling Carly back into his embrace
"Could be important, please answer it."
"No."
From the sofa Pat could hear his recorded voicemail message than an anxious voice, "hey, Pat, this is Paul, where are you?  I have the scoop on the deal I was telling you about, but I’m real scared."
Pat released his grip, pulling his hands back to his sides. He vaulted from the sofa and was at the table picking up his phone in two bounds. "Paul, Paul, it’s me, Pat, what’s going on?"
"Hi Pat, its Paul."
"I know, I know. What's up? It's kinda late."
"It’s going down on Monday, tonight."
"What's going down?"
"The big deal I told you about."
"I talked to a friend in the Springfield PD, they want to talk to you. Since you're my source you'll get adequate protection. They respect the media's part in solving crime."
"They don't know that I know about the shipment coming in, but usually I would have been told, so I could get my cholos in place, pick up our cut of the bag. They didn't say anything to me, something isn't right."
"You want protective custody now? I can try and arrange it right away."
"I can lay low until this afternoon, but don't get far from your phone, in case I need something before then."
"Well, I'll at least tell them you're coming in, see what they suggest. Paul, I saw Natalie yesterday, had a long talk with her."
"Oh."
"You need to reconnect with her, she's a lost, lonely woman. And a good woman too, I think."
"I don't think so."
"I'm pretty sure she's clean. Well, I mean not doing dope, but drinking heavily. I learned a lot from her, I think Angela's death might have hit her harder than you think."
"So?"
"Are you holding her responsible?"
"Yes. For Angela, for me, for all the mess we're in."
"You had a troubled childhood, no question, but just because you didn't escape does that mean you aren't responsible? It's someone else's fault? Your mother's fault?"
"Maybe."
"She didn't have it easy either. That was a difficult time to be growing up, back in the seventies, especially since she didn't have much direction either. And she made mistakes, and she knows that."
"So what?"
"Well, just think about it. Maybe give her a chance. Maybe you both need each other now."
"I'll think about it. We'll talk later when I find out more."
"Alright, good night." Pat shut his flip phone and returned to the living room where Carly was stretched out on the sofa. "Carly, honey, you awake?" he asked.
Carly was sound asleep curled up on half the sofa, snoring gently. Pat placed a blanket over her, curling up himself on the other end. Soon he was also snoring as they both drifted off into a deep sleep.

Pat was the first to awaken the next morning. It was already well past time to shower and get to the newspaper office so he rushed through a quick French bath and gently nuzzled Carly awake. She smiled. 
"So this is what it'll be like to wake up next to you in the morning. Looking forward to it."
"I can't wait either," Pat smiled back.
"Sorry I fell asleep on you . . . did we . . ." Carly locked her hands together in a convoluted grasp.
"Ha, ha. No, you would've remembered, I'll make sure of that," Pat laughed back. "But now that I know you don't remember what happens in your sleep . . ."
Carly playfully slapped him on the chest.
"I know you don't have class until afternoon, but I gotta get into the office right away. Ned's gonna need to know what's going on with the crack story, and he's gonna let me have it for nothing new on Lee Williams yet."
"Well you get going then, and good luck. I'll let myself out and lock up after I've had coffee."
"I see why they call it beauty sleep. You sure look better this morning, you know what I mean, not that you looked, oh hell, never mind."
"That's right, stop while you're ahead."
"Okay, I love you so much," Pat said, kissing her on the forehead.
"I love you too."
Though Pat's apartment was within comfortable walking distance of the Tribune's capitol office he chose to drive that morning, and parking was never an issue.  He purposefully walked the stairs up to the top floor reporter's lounge and, looking in the glass door, saw Ned waiting on his arrival, as the first thing he did upon spying Pat was to glance at his watch and then return a reproachful glare to Pat.
Pat walked up to Ned and smiled, he hoped it was a confidant smile.
"Paddy! Did you make it to East St. Louis?"	
"Yes, I did.  And found something interesting, it may be that the crack house story and the Lee Williams story are converging."
"How's that?"
"Well, I met with Natalie, that was an adventure all in itself, I'll tell you more in a minute. But first, since I started investigating this story I have come across two more people who have the last name of Williams, and all were raised by their mothers, no father." 
"Single motherhood is not all that unusual, neither is the surname Williams." Ned reached for a Chicago phone book on the table and opened it from the back, shuffling a few pages until he reached Williams.
"Look here," he ran a finger down a column, "probably one hundred entries per column, four columns to a page, that's four hundred per page." He then counted off the pages until he came to Aaron Williams. "Eleven pages at four hundred each, that's forty-four hundred Williamses, just in Chicago. What else is going on?"
"All three of them died of mysterious, unexplained illnesses in the last month."
"That's odd, perhaps a coincidence . . . care to finish my sentence."
"Yes, Ned. A coincidence to anyone except a great journalist."
"Well, at least my patience with you is not being wasted. Who're the other two, besides Lee?"
Pat proceeded to tell Ned about his chance discovery of Jacob Williams while having lunch at the diner, and told the story of his fruitful trip to the medical center without embellishment, as it needed none to earn Ned's high praise. He also spared no details when he told of his encounter with Natalie, and how he discovered the night before that her dead daughter had been born a Williams.
"Is that it for the pattern, all named Williams, no fathers, raised by single mothers, all died suddenly and mysteriously?"
"Two other keys I came up with. One is that all three were in their mid-twenties. One was a Hall of Fame bound shortstop, one was set to give the valedictorian speech at Washington University next week, and the third was the most astonishingly beautiful woman you could imagine. So each, in their own way, was incredibly accomplished."
"You're right, more here than meets the eye." Ned was quickly becoming more interested.
"And then there's me, of course. I'm a Williams." Pat continued, showing Ned his flow chart and the similarities that he knew of in each instance.
"But you're not dead, and a few years past this supposed sudden death penalty box."
"And I'm not an MLB player, never got anywhere near the valedictorian's robe in college, or ever been called drop dead gorgeous. Maybe I'm the black sheep in the family."
"Or you’re the coincidence, sharing the last name and nothing else. Just need to find the door that all these keys fit in."
"That's what I'm trying to do. I need time though."
"Okay, next story, back to the crack house story and your informant. Status?"
"LaVibora, means the viper in Spanish, his real name is Paul, well—"
Ned quickly cut him off, "love it, great color, LaVibora, can you use a photographer? We can shoot from behind, or the side, and obscure his features."
"You'd have to obscure his entire body, his tattoos will identify him as easily as his features. In any case this story is getting hot fast. He's giving me the scoop on a huge deal going down tonight in Chicago, from there the drugs are getting split up and sent to a dozen different places. He was supposed to get a share, but they seem to have cut him from the loop. He thinks they may have the drop on him and me, he's worried, wants protective custody."
"Tonight, that's pretty tight, let's go down to see Captain Ripley. Your informant, he knows you have to go to the police with this info, doesn't he?"
"Yeah, he does."
"But we'll get the exclusive on the story, probably should get a camcorder there as well. Not much time to pull all this together, why didn't you tell me sooner? We'll call in the Chicago desk too."
"Just found out at one o'clock this morning."
"Well, that was eight hours ago."
"And you were going to wake up Captain Ripley at two?"
Ned grabbed his coffee off the table. "Let's go, we'll talk more about Williams after we see the captain."
Ned and Captain Ripley had a friendship that went back a long time, when Ned was himself a cub reporter for the Springfield paper, and Riley a uniformed officer walking a beat. Since then Ned had become capitol bureau chief for a major paper, the Chicago Tribune, and Ripley the Chief of Police for the city of 120,000 people. 
While Ned and Pat were still in his office the chief put in calls to both the Chicago division of the federal Drug Enforcement Agency and the Chicago Police Department, Narcotics and Gang Division. In both cases he was thanked for the info, but told to otherwise stand down.
"I understand that it's not your jurisdiction, but why are they being so dismissive of what we have?" Ned asked the captain.
"I'm assuming they already know about it, but won't give me any info on whether it's a sting, or they're gonna let it go down without interference and use it to nab dealers further down the line, or even to give their snitches more street cred in the gang. Sometimes these plans work, sometimes they end up going horribly bad.  In any case, they told me to go enjoy a nice dinner with my wife tonight and for you to go to a ball game or something, and don't even think about getting anywhere near Chicago tonight."
They took their leave of Captain Riley and went for a stroll in the gardens adjacent to the police building. "Well, Ned, what's your call on this one?"
"I really don't know, really don't know. Could be an amazing story, some risk to health, but more than anything else, what about LaVibora? Can't leave him hanging out to dry, but have no idea what the feds handling this know or think about him, if they would even give him protection or just lock him up. Maybe he's already fingered."
"Am I making the call?" Pat asked. "Or are you?  Wish it was still just a crack house story, and not a major drug transshipment on Lake Michigan."
"You've suddenly got a full plate, Paddy. This is all getting interesting, maybe even bizarre, which is better. I want to put Metzger on this story with you, I think you need an experienced, senior reporter working with you.  You will, of course, get full credit for the story."
"Oh God, no, not the butcher! This is my story, you can’t pull it from under me."
"I repeat, you will, of course, get full credit for the story. It’s just that your leads are multiplying like crazy. Without help it could take you weeks to find the truth here. And don't call him the butcher, you know I don't like that, it was just an unfortunate coincidence with the botched slaughterhouse story."
"Give me three more days by myself, its personal now."
"Okay. Today is Monday, keep me informed and be prepared to brief Metzger on Wednesday."
"Thursday afternoon. Late afternoon, just one extra day."
"Friday morning. Good luck, Paddy."
"Oh, and Ned, can I have the cabin at Lake Carlyle this weekend?"
"I'm pretty sure it's not being used, so let me give you a qualified probably."
"Thanks."
* * *
Pat arrived early for his lunch with Carly and sat nervously at the sidewalk table, a thousand thoughts racing through his mind. He was performing a triage of sorts, trying to put the facts in some sort of order. Even though he prided himself on keeping a level head when confronted with so many issues at once, he was confused as to what his immediate priority was, and wondering what would come up next to further complicate the balancing act. His answer tapped him on the shoulder and he spun around to see Carly, looking much more worn down than just a few hours earlier when he took his leave of her to go to work.
"Carly, what happened to you? Did you get hit in the face?" he asked, alarmed.
"Gee, thanks, you look great too."
"No, really, you look like you have two black eyes!"
"I might start agreeing with you, something isn’t right. I don’t feel too hot, either."
"Something I meant to ask you the other day, in your medical studies, have you come across the term perioptical tan, and do you know what it means?"
"Never heard it before, but I can deduce that it means darkness around the eyes. Peri meaning surrounding, optical being the eyes, and tan meaning darkness. Why?"
"Just a term I read the other day, and I kinda was deducing the same as you were, that it had something to do with circles around the eye, because I'm sure that nobody punched you."
"Where did you read the term, the other day," Carly asked a suspicious scowl on her face.
"Can't remember now."
"Bullshit, where did you read it?"
"That was something I read in the notes from Jacob Williams's doctors."
"You have a wild imagination, don’t you?" Carly said, laughing.
"Yeah, I guess so."
"I was surprised that you had time to meet me again today."
"Can't stop thinking about you. Lucky you, huh? I’m not working on my thesis tonight, so after my one o'clock seminar I'm done for the day. And wouldn't  you know, I want to spend it with you."
"Lucky is right. What you want to do?"
"I'll meet you at your place again."
"What time?"
"Seminar's over at four, run home, shower . . . seven o'clock again, that work?"
"Sure does."
"Oh, but wait, what about Paul? The whole drug thing that you got called about early this morning?"
"Ned and I went down and met with the chief of police and he placed a few calls, seems the feds are already all over this thing and they told us to lie low, forget about this one."
"Is Paul going to be okay?"
"Calling him soon as you leave for class."
"That would be now, see you tonight sweetie." Carly gave him a kiss on the lips and disappeared down the sidewalk.

"Paul, its Pat." Paul picked up on the first ring, but the connection was poor. Pat could see full bars on his phone, meaning it was Paul who was in a remote, poor reception area.
"Hi bro."
"Are you still in Springfield or headed up to Chicago?"
"I'm leaving town, disappearing for a while. Sorry I can't help you with your story anymore, I'm all alone now, nobody to turn to."
"I talked to the police, not sure now how much help they can be in protecting you," Pat said, being carefully not to tip his hand, or that of the police or DEA. There was still a chance that LaVibora could turn once again, and seek redemption with the gang he recently turned on.
"Going to Arizona, I have a cousin there."
"Can I meet you right now?"
"Don't know if I can. Gotta get out of here."
"For you that is probably the best thing to do, but I still need your help, one more time, it's about your sister, Angela."
"What about her?" 
"This is important, I'll make it worth your while."
"Okay."
"I'll pick you up at Octopussy, need for you to ride over to the coroner's office with me, say in an hour?"
"See you then, bring my scratch."
Whether he wanted to be helpful or just needed the money, Paul was at the nightclub as promised when Pat pulled up an hour later.
"Why we going to the coroner's office?" Paul asked.
"Want your help in getting some records about Angela's death. I'm not convinced it was evil-doing by the bangers, it could be something else, related to another story I'm working on," Pat felt comfortable giving Paul some limited information since he guessed that Paul had probably never picked up a paper, was leaving town soon, and, as he himself predicted, probably wouldn't live to see the other side of thirty.
"You got my money?" was Paul's second question.
"Here's another two hundred," Pat said, handing him the remainder of the grease money Ned had given him. "The coroner's office is just a few blocks away."
"Why you think it wasn't drugs that killed her?"
"Did you talk to the doctors at all when Angela was in the hospital?"
"No, she went there one day, I was doing some business, and it didn't seem like she was dying so I didn't get back right away. Then I got a call saying she was dead. Only drugs kill you that quickly."
Pat pulled into the parking lot of the coroner's office and they walked together up the stairs to the front counter. "You're her next of kin, tell 'em you want to see her autopsy report, okay?"
"Okay." Paul said as they approached the lone receptionist. 
"Hi. I'm Paul Varganzas, I'm Angela Williams brother, she died at Memorial Hospital a couple weeks ago, can I see the autopsy report?"
"Let me see your identification while I look it up on our computer," she said as Paul pulled his wallet from his pocket and gave her his driver's license.
After she pulled the report up she lifted her head and looked at Paul, "I'm sorry, but the coroner has the complete autopsy still under review, there's nothing to see yet."
"How about a preliminary, is there a preliminary from the attending physician at her death?" Pat chimed in.
"And who are you?"
"A family friend."
"Sorry, cannot release that information to you," the girl smugly offered.
Pat sighed and turned to Paul, "Paul, ask her the same question."
Paul did, and the girl, turning away from Pat to look at Paul, responded with "doctor's preliminary says that she died of a cytokine storm that originated in her colon and spread from there. It has been given an R-1 classification, which means the CDC in Atlanta is being asked to assist in the investigation. That's all you're getting from me, already stuck my neck out far enough."
Paul looked at Pat with complete bewilderment showing on his face. "Thanks," Pat said and pulled Paul by the arm away from the desk and towards the door.
"What's all that mean?" Paul asked.
"Not sure yet, but I'm pretty certain now that Morales had nothing to do with her death, not that his intent wasn't evil, but something else beat him to it. I have to run on some other errands now, where can I drop you off?"
"Don't leave me hanging on this, you got me wondering what's going on now," Paul warned.
"I won't, but you'll need to keep in contact with me if you're leaving town."
"Okay, take me back to Octopussy."
Pat pulled up behind the nightclub and looked directly at Paul. "Paul, on your way to Arizona, why don't you stop in East St. Louis, pick up someone to share the driving."
"Natalie?"
"Yeah. It's more than just that she's your mom, maybe you need someone from the outside to tell you, she really is a remarkable lady. Maybe you can salvage something from this life by leaning on each other. Try looking at her as someone other than a mom that let you down."
"She let me down, she let Angela down."
"She has a troubled past, she means well, but she's weak. And she's worth saving, she just might help you save yourself."
"She's a junkie."
"I don't think so, or at least not any more. An alcoholic, maybe, but my instincts told me she's done with the junk. You can help her stay away from it. Paul, you two need each other, even if it won't be easy at first. Can't blame each other for your own troubles."
"I'll think about it, okay?"
"Thanks, please do that."
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
Back at his apartment, Pat cleared his dinette tabletop and spread  his flowchart out, smoothing the folds from having carried it in his pocket. He took the stack of papers from the crack house story and set that on the bookshelf, happy that it was now a non-story and he could concentrate fully on the Williams mystery. He drew a line connecting the box with Angela's name in it to the box indicating massive infection as the cause of death. All three—Lee, Jacob and Angela— now had that in common as well.
An e-mail chime sounded on his laptop and he turned his head over to the open computer and scrolled down to his inbox, it was a news alert from one of the many services he subscribed to. This one came from the news desk of the Atlanta Journal-Constitution. It was an update from the Center for Disease Control concerning the SARS virus. Reading through the article he was tempted to peg his mystery to the SARS epidemic, but something about that seemed like he was seeking an easy way out. On his screen, in a scrolling side menu, was a button for the Atlanta area's recent obituaries. He clicked on the button and began scrolling down the list, past the B's, then to the L's, then slowing down as the U's appeared. He stopped at Sheila Williams and clicked on the link.
Sheila Williams had passed away the previous week. Reading further he saw that she was survived by her mother, Alice Grayson, a half-brother, Bill Grayson, and her stepfather Andrew Grayson. She was twenty-six years old when she died. The family asked that in lieu of flowers donations be made to the St. Jude Medical Foundation. There was no mention of what illness or tragedy claimed her life.
* * *
Carly arrived promptly as promised, at seven o'clock. She was still looking exhausted, causing Pat a great deal of concern. They greeted each other at the door with a long hug and passionate kiss. He had a good feeling about tonight, that perhaps they would consummate their growing love for each other.
"Hi honey," she finally had a chance to say when he released her from his arms and she walked into the apartment, throwing her bulging backpack onto the sofa. 
"How was the seminar?"
"Confusing, but fascinating. I'm getting a better understanding for your work. Mine isn't really all that different from yours. Chasing leads, eliminating possibilities. Sticking your head down rabbit holes like you said the other day."
"I got my head stuck in one right now, maybe you can help me out. This whole Lee Williams thing is turning into a bit of a medical thriller.  I went down to the coroner's office with Paul today, couldn't get the autopsy for Angela yet, it's still in review and classified, but the attending physician's report I think points to something other than the drug overdose that Paul suspects. Something about a cytokine storm, which I looked up, and I know it's a massive infection, but not much more. What can you tell me?"
"Sort of like an overreaction by the body to an infection, almost like an autoimmune reaction. Your body detects an invader and overreacts to the invader, so that rather than fighting the infection your immune system starts overproducing infection fighting agents. Could be fatal.  That's what the doctor said? Seems odd that she could arrive at that conclusion before an autopsy is concluded."
"Maybe it's just an observance, speculation."
"Maybe you need to interview the doctor?"
"Possible, but don't know what kind of roadblocks HIPAA would throw up. But we might have to speed around those roadblocks, there could be many more people in danger now."
"What do you mean by that?"
"Come take a look at my chart over here," Pat said, pulling Carly over to the dinette table. He stood her in front of himself, draping his arms over her shoulders and pointing to the chart. "I have three Williamses so far, and all of them are dead." 
"Now look at this," he turned over another sheet of paper with a list of four names; the first was Sheila Williams. "I spent a few hours this afternoon on the internet searching the obit sections of a bunch of newspapers . . . Atlanta, Nashville, Birmingham, and more. In three hours I came up with four more youths named Williams, all under 26, all dead in the last four months."
"Any more details besides that?"
"Can get just so much from an obit, but none listed a biological father, one had a step-father listed, and nobody else in the family had the name Williams."
"No cause of death?"
"Don't see that too often in an obit, unless it's cancer and donations are requested to a cancer research group, or a drunk driver and donations go to Mothers Against Drunk Driving."
"What next?"
"I'll try and contact some of the families. But first, since I know where she lives, I'll try and contact Jacob Williams's mother, plus its only an hour and half drive from here, so I can do that this week."
"You can pick up the phone and call the others."
"I'll do that next, if I think that I have good cause to do that. Sure that my phone call and my questions won't exactly be uplifting for the survivors."
"That's true."
The doorbell rang and Carly looked at Pat, "Not Chinese again, I hope."
"Nah, pizza tonight, and a beer maybe?"
"Ya know, I could use a nice cold beer," Carly called after Pat as he went to answer the door.
With a hot pizza spread before them on the coffee table, and a cold beer in hand, they turned the conversation to more mundane subjects, those that did not need to be pondered. The weather, of course. The report of a campus rape the night before. Wars that were being fought half a world away, but nothing about the fact that Pat was a Williams, raised by a single mother, and he had no clue who his father was. Before too long there was a six-pack worth of empty beer cans alongside the empty pizza carton on the table.

They had been sitting close most of the evening, flipping through the channels on the television, drinking the beer, stealing kisses, touching each other, cuddling. Pat shifted his body forward on the sofa while turning to face Carly more directly. She smiled at him, reaching a hand up to touch his face.
"It’s great to be intimate with someone again. It’s great to be intimate with you. I get so wrapped up in my work that I forget about living life.  That’s bad, and it’s why I am getting so run down," she said as he leaned in to kiss her again.
"Good thing this relationship was so easy to fall into. For both of us. It's rotten when these feelings are one-sided, when both don't feel it. And somebody gets hurt." 
"Oh, I do love you so much. It’s frightening how quickly that happened," Carly said.
"Not frightening, it’s wonderful. I felt it the other night when you fell asleep here on the sofa," Pat said.
"I’m sorry about that."
"Don’t be. It was wonderful just being near you."
Pat took Carly more fully in his embrace and they began kissing with a passion they had not known yet, gently caressing each other's bodies. They pulled apart from each other, looking at their faces in the glow from the television, both knowing that the sofa was not the place to be; where this was going.
"I brought along something special. Go to the bedroom, I’ll meet you there in a minute," Carly said.
"A minute. I’ll hold you to that," Pat said, sliding over the back of the sofa and running the few steps to the bedroom door. Once he was in the room he debated whether to undress before getting in bed, or just removing his pants and shoes, maybe Carly would want to help with the rest. He kicked his shoes off, undid his belt and let his pants slip off, then he was under the covers.
Pat could hear Carly humming a tune that he recognized but could not place. It was an older, psychedelic era tune, one that he could remember his mother singing to him while she feed him and rocked him to bed as a child; that he imagined Susan sang to Carly when she was an infant, as well.  But that was a long time ago, and when Carly entered the room dressed in a sheer negligee Pat saw only a grown woman, and he was a grown man, and he knew he desperately wanted to hold, to love, and to never lose this woman.
"This is a lot like what I dreamed," Carly said as she slid under the covers next to him, sliding one hand over his chest, then his ribcage then round to his back. She brought the hand back to the front, pulling, then slipping his unbuttoned shirt over his shoulder and down his arm. Then she did the same on the other side, and she lay there dressed only in her negligee, and Pat in his boxer shorts.
"It doesn't get any better than living out your dreams, your fantasies." 
They began kissing passionately again, exploring, and he quickly figured out how the negligee was designed to come off without fumbling a button or unknotting a tie-string. He felt a snap and pulled it apart between his thumb and index finger. He assisted Carly in getting his boxers off by pulling his knees up to his waist and like that they were both naked, squeezing themselves against each other, moaning in the simple joy of feeling the other's naked form, the warmth of the bodies pushed up against one another.
It had been some time for both since they were last in bed with someone for the purpose of lovemaking, but they could sense in each other, and knew without speaking a word, that his was different, far different from anything they had ever known before. They had transcended mere lust and their lovemaking had a purity of sensory pleasure, of emotional pleasure, that grew in intensity as they touched, breathed, tasted, and joined one another. 
They never really stopped making love that night. Just as their experience rose, climaxed and then gently floated down, in unison, they also drifted off to sleep together, nodding, mumbling "I love you," holding tight, until awaking the next morning, arms and legs still intertwined, not letting go.
Carly awoke first, though by not much more than a few seconds, when she watched as Pat's eyes fluttered open. 
"I feel like a new woman."
"I hope she's not that different, I kinda fell in love with the one I knew last night."
"Don’t worry, it'll only get better," Carly said, pulling away a little bit. "Just couldn't have imagined, a month ago, sleeping an entire night wrapped in someone's arms, not pulling away and stretching out while I slept."
Pat gazed at her face, moving his eyes down her neck and to her breasts, suddenly pushing her further away from himself.
"Hey, what's that?" Carly laughed.
Pat's eyes had grown large as he stared below her right breast. "Carly, what's that rash?" he asked, pointing to a four inch long crimson red mark, about the width of a belt.
Carly propped herself up on an elbow, using her other hand to pull her breast to the side, seeing the rash herself. "Oh, my God! I don’t know, I didn’t have that yesterday!"
"I think you should see a doctor. I don't think this is just fatigue that's got you feeling down."
"Let's just go straight to the ER, Mom's insurance will cover me. Won't have to wait as long there, and I'll be assured of getting a blood test, even though the ER doctor will probably just say 'take two of these and call me in the morning.'"
"You don't have a doctor?"
"Never needed one. I had strep throat once, twelve years ago, but other than that, never seen a doctor, not even the girly doctor."
"Okay, get dressed and we'll go."
"Let me take a quick shower, then we'll go. I love you."
"I love you too."

Carly and Pat walked into a nearly empty emergency room and made their way to the registration counter.  The nurse slid Carly's ID card through a reader, took her blood pressure and she was immediately taken to an examination room. Pat made sure Carly was comfortable in her bed before he pulled out his cell phone.
"Carly, I'd better call Susan and tell her what's going on, okay?"
"In a few minutes, let's see what the doctor has to say first." 
As if on cue, a doctor walked into the room, grabbing a clip board from the end of her bed.
"Carly Starr, I'm Doctor Stanton," he said, holding out this hand.
Carly shook his hand. "Nice to meet you, this is my friend, Pat Williams," she said, gesturing towards Pat.
The doctor nodded towards Pat. "What seems to be bothering you Carly?"
"Well, been feeling somewhat fatigued lately, very run down. And, as Pat pointed out the other day, this perioptical tan," she drew a finger around one of her eyes, "is new, never had anything like that before."
"Not sure that means anything other than being run down. You also have a low grade fever and somewhat low blood pressure. Any fainting or pain anywhere?"
"No. But we came in when I noticed this rash, or bruise, here," she said, pulling her gown over to the side and exposing the belt-shaped bruise.
The doctor studied it for a moment and turned to Pat. "Would you mind leaving the room for a moment? I'd like to speak to Carly alone."
"Now would be a good time to call Susan," Carly said.
Pat nodded his head and left the room, walking through the department to the lobby and outside into the muggy morning air. He autodialed Susan's number.
"Hi, Susan? It's Pat."
"Oh, hi Pat, what's up?"
"Actually, I'm at the ER with Carly right now, but don't get alarmed, she's gonna be okay. It's the fatigue I think, they want to monitor her for a bit."
"Oh, no. What hospital are you at?"
"St. Timothy's"
"Oh rats, clear up there. I want to see her, but my car is in the shop with a broken transmission, been tele-commuting all week."
"I'll come and get you; but really, it's nothing urgent, she'll be just fine."
"Do come and get me."
"Okay, let me tell Carly. I'll be there in half an hour."

Doctor Stanton had turned to the mobile computer cart and was entering his password when Pat left to call Susan. He turned back to Carly when he was sure Pat was out of earshot. "Carly, I'm concerned about this bruise here. Is there any violence in your house—" 
Carly cut him off. "I know where this questioning is going. No one has ever laid a hand on me, my boyfriend doesn't beat me. I guess the bruise looks like someone slapped me with a belt, but I can assure you that's not the case."
"Okay, just had to ask that."
"I understand."
"I'll return in a little bit when we have the results of the blood tests back, doesn't take long at all. Just make yourself comfortable."
"Sure thing, doctor."

Pat returned to Carly's room to tell her he was going to go and get Susan. She told him to wait a few minutes, they were expecting the blood test results any minute.
"I'll wait. What did Doctor Stanton ask you? If I've been beating you?"
"Uh-huh. He had no choice, if you look at the bruise. I don't think our love making last night was rough, was it?"
"No, not at all," Pat laughed. "It was . . . well, it was just perfect."
"Yes it was."
Doctor Stanton returned to the room and brought the computer screen back to life. "Right, then. We have your results back in with a number of things that cause me some concern, but nothing to get over-excited about. I think we'll keep you here in the ER for the time being and make a decision later this evening as to whether we admit you or not. You do have a low grade fever, so we'll be continuing with IV hydration. You do have a somewhat elevated serum creatinine level, along with low blood pressure and that is causing us to be on the watch for sepsis. We don't know the source of the infection at this time, but normally would suspect urinary tract, and I did feel some enlargement in your kidneys during my exam."
"Which all means?"
"We watch and keep monitoring you. If you have any more questions I'll be making rounds, call a nurse and I'll be here right away."
"Thank you doctor," Pat said as Carly sighed.
"Rotten time for something like this to happen," she said after Doctor Stanton had left.
"What does it mean?" Pat asked.
"An inconclusive conclusion. I'm sick, but don't know why yet. Go get Susan. Thanks." Carly pursed her lips and Pat leaned in to kiss them.

Ringo began his barking the minute Pat put his foot on the wooden steps leading to the front door. Susan was already waiting with a sweater draped over her arm.
"Don't think you'll need the sweater, it's pretty warm outside," Pat said.
It was a mostly silent drive back up to St. Timothy's once Susan realized that with two questions she knew as much as Pat did. 
Back in Carly's room Susan rushed over to her bedside and grabbed her hand. "Hi honey, how are you?"
"I'm going to be okay, no need to worry about me, Mom," she said.
"Has the doctor been back in?" Pat asked.
"Yes, he has." Carly didn't appear to want to add anything to that.
"Well, what did he say?"
"My fever is inching up a little bit, my blood pressure continues to be lower than they want, and waiting on the results from another round of blood tests."
"Are you spending the night in the hospital?"
"They said to plan on it. At least until they can determine the source of my infection. I doubt either of you have eaten, why don't you go to the cafeteria—they already brought me food—while we wait on the results."
"All right honey," Susan said.
Pat and Susan sat down in the cafeteria and began eating their cold sandwiches. Susan kept a steely-eyed gaze on Pat. "You two aren't hiding anything from me, are you?" she asked.
"Nope, nothing. This is a complete surprise except that we both noticed she's been run down a little lately. But this isn't fatigue, it's an infection of some sort."
"How'd she get it?"
"We can't really know until we know what kind of infection it is. You can pick these things up just about anywhere. No cuts on her anywhere, so don't think it got into her bloodstream that way."
"Is it SARS?"
"No, that was the first thing they checked."
"Puzzling. Funny, though, Carly is probably the first one who'd want to figure it out."
"That had crossed my mind as well." Patrick put his half-eaten sandwich on the plate. "I'm done with my sandwich, ready to go back any time you are."
"I don't have much appetite, let's go," Susan said.
Back in the room they found the admitting nurse asking Carly a few questions as an orderly placed her belongings on the gurney between her legs. They wheeled her out and a short elevator ride later the three of them were in her room for the night. It was a quarantine room as a precaution. Susan and Pat were given face masks and spent the next few hours sitting on either side of the bed, making small talk until the discomfort of the mask became too much for Pat.
Fortunately for Pat, Carly began nodding and he sensed it would be a good time to let her sleep through the evening and night. "Shall we go?"
Susan looked over at Pat. "Since she doesn't seem to be in any great danger I suppose you could take me back home, I'll bet Ringo's teeth are floating by now."
"Carly, I'm taking Susan home, okay?"
Carly was drifting in and out of sleep and simply nodded her approval.
"I'm going home myself after I take Susan. Since you're quarantined here they probably won't let me spend the night with you anyway."

Back at her home Susan once again asked Pat to come in for a cup of coffee. 
"I hope she sleeps well. I don't think she's in any danger, the only thing that bothers me is that we have no idea what's going on. I'm a reporter by profession, and by nature also, and I like answers to my questions." Pat smiled, taking the coffee.
Susan led him back into the living room and he stopped to study a gilt-framed poster of the 1977 James Bond movie, The Spy Who Loved Me. "Can't say that I've seen many gilt-framed movie posters in my time. Does this one have particular value?" he asked.
"Only to me. My two favorite performers of all time," she said. "Roger Moore was so dashing, and nobody could sing like Carly Simon."  
Pat read further down the poster noting that Carly Simon sang the title song, Nobody Does It Better, nodding his head. "Is that your Carly's namesake? Not a common given name."
Susan smiled sheepishly. "I guess I lack some originality, named my daughter after a singer and my dog after a drummer."
"Yes, the dog. I meant to ask, has Carly ever had any kind of allergy to him, or to anything else for that matter?"
"None whatsoever."
"Could Ringo have picked something up, does he get out much?"
"Hasn't left the house or backyard or met another dog in over a year, and that was only at the vet's office."
"Ever have that feeling, that feeling that the answer is staring you in the face, but you don't see it, kind of a tip-of-the-tongue thing?"
"I know what you're saying, but I'm drawing a complete blank. I have no idea where to start looking for answers."
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
Pat was grateful to wake in his own bed the next day. He had taken a few pain relievers laced with a sleep aid and he had slept well. But his concern immediately turned to Carly and he decided rather than calling to find out how the night had gone he would take a quick shower and be there in person, within forty-five minutes.
"Hi honey," Pat said, leaning in to give Carly a kiss.
"Hi," she smiled back.
"Been anything new developing?"
"Unchanged since yesterday. Fever, low blood pressure, headache, and still no idea what's going on. But I'll be fine, you need to get back to work. What are you doing today?"
"Want to head back over to Dorchester, I have an interview with Jacob Williams's mother in two hours."
"You'd better get going, you'll be late. And don't worry about me, got plenty here to keep me busy," she said, patting her laptop. "I'm researching my condition, maybe I'll find an answer before the doctors."
"Keep me posted, I'll be back here in the afternoon, after Dorchester, okay?"
"Okay, bye sweetheart." Carly pursed her lips and closed her eyes. Pat leaned in and kissed the lips.

Pat pulled up to Jacob Williams's home at the precise time he said he would. He looked around the neat home set on a small suburban-sized lot in the midst of a neighborhood filled with ten- to thirty-acre farms. The home was modest, though there were several cars parked out front. The door opened as he was raising his hand to knock.
A tall, attractive woman opened the door. "Hi, Pat, I'm Emily, Emily Cranston," she said extending her hand. "Please do come in."
As Pat entered he saw two couples stand and walk over to Emily. They nodded towards Pat and one of the men, an elderly, gray-haired man leaned over and kissed Emily on the cheek. "Bye honey, were leaving now, but we'll be back for dinner later."
"Okay Dad," she said, then kissed the woman who's arm the elderly man was holding. Their eyes were ringed red, it was obvious they were wrapping up a melancholy session.
When the four had left and the door was shut Emily took Pat's arm and guided him towards the sofa. "Still have hot coffee, care for a cup?"
"Yes, thanks."
Emily brought in a cup and sat down in an easy chair across from Pat. "I appreciate that you're doing a story on Jacob, he was an extraordinary young man. My hope is that we can educate people about early intervention when the first signs of illness show up. He had been at school and when he first took sick he was shuffled back and forth between the school infirmary and his dorm room. Fatigue was the likely explanation until he was serious enough to be taken directly to the ICU, which he never left. He passed away there, seven days later."
"I've been able to glean some information about his condition, though I guess it's still a mystery, even to the health authorities who are investigating it."
"A complete mystery, don't know that he ever had a sick day in his life. He graduated from high school with a perfect attendance record for twelve years, first student to ever do that in the history of our district. He missed only one day of college, that was for his grandma's funeral, last year. That was my stepmother with Dad, who just left. Jacob did get a mild case of the flu earlier this year, but seemed to weather that just fine."
"So that was his maternal grandma? She must've passed away somewhat young, any history of that, dying young, on either side of the family?"
"Auto accident, drunk hit her. She was only sixty-one."
"I'm truly sorry, I lost my mother to a drunk when I was seven. Didn't have a father in my life, so in the blink of an eye, at the hand of a drunk driver, I was suddenly an orphan."
"You wonder if they'll ever do anything to fight that, the thousands who die every year because of drunk drivers."
"So they've eliminated anything with respect to an inherited condition?"
"At least on my side they were able to. But we don't know anything about his father's side, and didn't have enough time to try and find out."
"Does his father even know that he's gone now?"
"No, his father never knew Jacob. Jacob never knew him."
"There's never been any contact on the father's side during Jacob's youth, or since he passed away?"
"No, none, but that's a long story, don't know that it would be relevant to the story, or if I even want to get into it."
"If I told you it could be important would you?"
"I do have a secret, one I've kept to myself for nearly twenty-three years now. Maybe it's time to tell it."
"Would you tell it to me?"
"When you called yesterday to ask for the interview I did some research online, read dozens of your stories. I like the way you write, the stories you tell, and how you tell them. So you're probably the right one to tell my story to. And I don't have all that much time to tell it."
"I don't understand."
"You know how bad news comes in threes?"
"Sure."
"I lost my mother a year ago. I lost Jacob a week ago. And about a month ago I got my own diagnosis, that I have a terminal cancer, one that can't be treated. I have maybe another six months, at best." Emily was recounting her sad story with an odd calmness.
"I'm at a loss. I don't know what to say," Pat said, feeling a great sadness for this woman welling up inside himself.
"I've come to terms with it, and now that I've lost Jacob I have, sadly, lost a good deal of the will to fight and to continue, to maybe beat the odds."
"Well, that puts me at an even greater loss for words."
"Don't worry about it, and don't feel at all uncomfortable. I'm not. Uncomfortable that is. I find a lot of peace in my choice and don't dread the future, as close as it is. I trust you still want to hear my story now?"
"Yes, of course."
"My house here, it sits on a small plot carved out of the larger farm, my dad's farm. Back in the great recession of the late seventies I got an offer that under any other circumstance I never would have considered."
"I'm guessing it had something to do with the farm?"
"Yes," Emily whispered.
"Are you having reservations about sharing this story?"
"No, just sucking up a little, to build the courage, to tell the story."
Pat nodded his head, then leaned over to pick up his coffee cup and took a gulp. 
"I had been, like any other twenty year old woman in 1979, having the time of my life. I had left home to find my place in the world, moved around a little but never too far from home. It was an era all to itself. We meant no harm. But it was carefree, maybe irresponsible, but still harmless. Perhaps there was some disapproval of my lifestyle, my parents were pretty straight-laced, regular church-goers, community participants, but they turned a blind eye. One day I was sitting at a park minding my own business when a man approached me, asked me a few questions, that I answered, but why I don't know, they were rather personal. He was persistent and persuasive, then asked me if I would participate in an experiment. He wanted me to carry and raise a child from a donor who would always remain anonymous, and there would be great pay involved. I laughed and told him to get lost, but he gave me his card and told me to call him if I changed my mind." Emily paused and peered into Pat's coffee cup. "More coffee?"
"Yes, thank you," Pat said, handing her the cup.
Emily returned with a full cup and resumed her story. "The next day I came home to visit and found my mother bawling, and my dad, well I think he was contemplating suicide so that the insurance money could save the farm. I called the man back that evening and said, yes, I'll be a part of the experiment."
"I got $10,000 up front and another $15,000 nine months later when I delivered Jacob, and another $1000 a month that I was supposed to get until Jacob turned eighteen, along with a fully paid college scholarship. But the $1,000 stopped after just one year and the college money never materialized. Fortunately Jacob was a brilliant student and got the scholarship on his own."
Pat just sat, numb, as Emily told her story.
"Some story, huh? You look like you've seen a ghost," she added.
"I've heard this story before," Pat mumbled.
"How similar?"
"The money thing, having a donor's baby, around the same time."
"Hey it was that era, lots of strange stuff was going on."
"That's not the half of it. The woman who had a daughter under similar circumstances, well the daughter just died a few weeks ago, as well."
Emily let out a subdued gasp, but said nothing.
"And the daughter's name was Angela . . . Williams. How did Jacob get the name Williams?"
Emily was now the one who looked as if she had seen a ghost. "It was one of the conditions." There was silence again until Emily broke it. "What does this mean?"
"I have no idea, Emily, no idea. But I sure want to find out."
"You said your mother died when you were seven, and then you were an orphan, who was your father?  How did you get the last name Williams?" Emily asked, barely in a whisper.
"I really don't know, my mother's name was Brown, but after she died nobody has been able to tell me anything about my father, who he might have been, if she even knew him for that matter. But I was born four years earlier than either Angela or Jacob, and, as my editor already pointed out to me, Williams is not really all that uncommon a name."
"Maybe your need to find out is more than just as a reporter?"
"Could be. Do you have anything at all that could be a clue as to who was behind the experiment? Do you know where the money came from?"
"The last check I received from the trust fund, the one that bounced,  I still have it."
"Can I see the check?" Pat asked.
"Sure, just a minute, " Emily said, standing and leaving the room. She returned with the check and handed it to Pat who studied it. 
"Benton...isn’t that in South State? Can I borrow this check, Emily?  Maybe I can find out some more information." 
"I already talked to the law firm, they wouldn’t tell me anything."
"When was that?"
"Back in 1982."
"Have you tried anything since?"
"No, I haven’t."
"I need to get going, I have a friend in the hospital right now that I need to visit, and I need to think about what's going on, get my head around this."
"Keep me in the loop, will you? I'm just as anxious to know what is going on as you are."
"Yes, I sure will, Emily. Thank you for opening up to me,  could be what breaks my investigation wide open. I'm grateful that you put your trust in me." Pat stood as Emily sat, lost in thought.
"Oh," she said standing. She walked over and gave Pat a hug. "Don't forget me here, please."
Pat drove home to Springfield in a daze, so lost in thought he passed by the exit for the hospital and exited at his regular interchange, just a few blocks from his apartment. Realizing his mistake he doubled back onto the interstate and headed to the hospital.

Pat found Susan sitting by Carly's bedside, and Carly sitting up in bed, alert and saying she felt much better, that perhaps the saline IV hydration was all she needed, and that she would need to be more careful as she pursued her unforgiving schedule for producing an award-winning dissertation. The quarantine rules had been lifted, and they were no longer required to wear face masks.
"Well, this a big relief," Pat said. "Have they said when you can be released?"
"Should be tomorrow."
"Do you want me to stay here overnight with you?" Pat asked.
"I'm staying here, taking the day off from work tomorrow," Susan said.
"Good, guess you can then just take her straight home?"
"Yes, that's the plan."
"How was your day, honey?" Carly asked Pat.
"Incredible day, too much to get into right now, and now I have to head down south again first thing in the morning." Pat knew he was teasing Carly by not telling her what he knew, and that her knowledge could provide him valuable additional clues. 
"After tomorrow I'll know a lot more, then I want to sit and brainstorm it with you. Okay if I stop by the house tomorrow night after I get back?"
"Of course, can you make it for dinner? I haven't cooked for more than just Carly and me in ages, it would be fun," Susan said.
"Let's make it a date then, though I guess since this isn't your deathbed ole Doc Wilson isn't gonna give you any kind of extension, huh?" Pat said.
Carly smiled up at Pat from her bed. "Nope, no such luck."
"Then spend the day working on your stuff, so you can help me with mine in the evening, okay?"
"Okay," Carly said.
CHAPTER NINETEEN
Pat knew exactly where he was going, he had driven this road often enough, many times in just the last month.  He knew that around the next bend in the freeway he would see the exit sign for Benton. Though he had never been in Benton before he wasn't expecting much more than a time-worn Main Street town—despite it being the county seat—as most of the businesses had been driven into the ground by the WalMart in neighboring Marion.
Benton was no more than a mile off the freeway and sure enough, when he got there he found that he was right about Main Street, with just a few businesses hanging on, alternating between shuttered doors and grimy windows. The whole commercial district was clustered on a few blocks, and Main Street wrapped itself around a small courthouse plaza. Pat parked in front, assuming the law office he was looking for would be within sight of the court. 
He found the address he had taken from the check, it was an older, brick-faced, three-story building that had not seen maintenance in decades. When he entered he was mugged by a strong, musty odor of decay and dereliction.  In no more than a half dozen strides he had passed through the shabby reception area, peering over a counter at a desk chair with a year's accumulation of dust on it. On the wall there was a directory and he found the law office he was looking for, on the third floor, of course. There was no elevator so he walked up a rickety staircase passing the second landing and then arriving at the third floor.  He walked down the short corridor to an open door. Sitting at a desk, with his feet up, was a stubby, balding man, writhing in his chair at each punch that was thrown in a boxing match he was watching on the small table top set perched on the corner of the desk.
Pat watched the bout for a few moments from the doorway. Somewhat of a boxing aficionado himself he sensed something wasn't right about the fight he was watching. Then it dawned on him. One of the boxers, Hector Castro, hadn't fought in nearly eight years, after a career-ending concussion. Pat tapped on the door. The gnomish man, so startled that he nearly fell out of his chair, turned and grasped both chair arms so that if he went over, the chair would go with him.
"What is it? You been injured?" The compact, but very animated man jumped up, planted his knuckles on the desktop, leaned over, and stared at Pat with his mouth agape. 
"No, I haven’t. But I’m looking for some help. Looking for the Lenape and Son Law Firm."
"The e is silent, don't use it to pronounce it like ape. It's app. The Lenapp and Son Law Firm. Got that? Lenapp. Not Lenape. Do I look like an ape?" The man was genuinely offended, though the spiel sounded so well rehearsed that he must have been frequently offended in the past. And he did have big, bushy eyebrows, a heavy day's growth of beard and clumps of hair sprouting from his ears and nostrils.
"I'm sorry." Pat stood silently, waiting for the man to answer.
"Can I help you?" the man asked again.
Pat caught on and asked again, "looking for the Lenapp and Son Law Firm."
"This is the place, have a seat, please," he rushed over to the other side of his desk and dusted off an antique leather chair.
Pat took the seat then leaned forward and passed Emily's check over the desk to the man. "Can you tell me anything about this? Are you Lenapp or the son?"
"I'm the son, dad retired early, twenty some years ago. Been enjoying sunny Florida ever since."
"What about the check," Pat prodded.
"Sorry, client privilege prevents me from telling you anything about this matter," Lenapp said.
Pat pulled a fifty-dollar bill from his pocket and dropped it on the desk. "That check is over twenty years old, is that even still a client?"
"For fifty dollars I can tell you it came from a man named Adler and he's been dead over twenty years. I will tell you that the Adler family has a mausoleum at Greenwood Memorial Park over the Kentucky border in Tennessee, outside Nashville, about two hours down the road. That's the only address where you'll find anyone from the family now. Dead, all of them. Every last one."
"I know where that is, I'm very familiar with it, thanks. You told me about the check. What about the law firm? It looks kinda deserted here. Where're the other attorneys?"
"You’ve already got more than fifty dollars worth of information."
"I'm not asking for privileged information anymore."
"I told you, this is it. Just me.  Dad retired back in the early-eighties, let the other attorney go and moved to Florida.  I was a clerk here. Dad gave me the keys before he left and I’ve been here ever since."
"Just up and left? That sounds odd. Are you even an attorney?"
"Taking the bar exam again next month. Hope this try is a charm."
"Kinda old to be taking the bar, aren't ya? You look to be around what, maybe fifty?"
"Like I said, you already got your fifty bucks worth."
"Yeah. Well, you get back to your boxing match. Carlson wins it with a KO in the eighth round. Have a nice day."
"Here's your check back."
Pat looked at his watch. It was one-thirty in the afternoon, a two hour drive would put him outside Nashville before four o'clock, so the memorial park would still be open, though he wouldn't get home until very late. He decided to go and got back on the freeway headed south to Tennessee.
Lost in thought, and driving a road he knew very well, Pat had time to think about the mystery that was unfolding before him. He realized that even as he found answers to his questions, they also created many more questions. It was a crazy jigsaw puzzle, and so far all he had accomplished was piecing together the frame, the easy part, because all those pieces had one straight edge. 

Pat went right to the large, covered kiosk with its map of the cemetery grounds. The Adler Mausoleum was very prominently placed in the center of the park.  He stopped inside the office and bought a bouquet of flowers from the kindly auxiliary services lady tending the front desk.
Pat walked along the winding, paved road that snaked through the cemetery. It was a gorgeous day with a brilliant navy blue sky and bright white clouds behind which the sun was coming and going. The mausoleum dominated the center of the cemetery, taller than all but a handful of the trees, certainly the most audacious burial monument he had ever seen. Though he had walked the grounds of that cemetery many times in the past, he was amazed that he did not stop to take in its grandeur in the past.  It was fit for a modern-day pharaoh.
On the outside wall of the Adler Mausoleum there were two bronze plaques and a less-weathered space between them, where one had apparently been removed. They read:

John Stewart Adler  1891-1970

William S. Adler 1954-1981

Pat gasped and took a half step backwards before moving forward and placing his hand over the  bottom plaque. "William S.? Williams?" he blurted out in disbelief. He stood there for a good long time, more of those questions filling his head, without an answer in sight. He walked the perimeter of the Adler plot, it was surrounded by a foot-high, white plastered masonry wall that had recently been repainted. The plot was immaculately kept with the tall oak in the middle pruned of dead branches, the grass uniformly green and recently cut. Over in one corner he found a pair of simple plot markers, two foot-long headstones, side by side. The first had the name Ilyana Adler and the dates 1-19-1935 to 11-11-1956. And next to that, Gloria Adler, 5-5-1903 to 5-2-1975.  He pulled out his digital camera and snapped pictures of both the headstones and returned to the side of the mausoleum where he took a picture of the two plaques, before picking up the flowers that he had leaned against the wall. Lost in thought and speculation, he walked down the hill, looking over his shoulder in bewilderment, until arriving at a spot he knew well, that he had visited so many times before.
"Hi Mom. Happy belated birthday. Sorry I didn't make it down last week." He stooped to place the flowers at the base of a simple headstone that read Abigail Brown 1954-1982. As he transformed his stoop to a crouch he reached for a bloom from another bouquet flowers resting against the marker. Holding it between his thumb and forefinger he studied it; not sure what kind of flower it was, or who had left it there.  The blooms ranged in size from a silver dollar to as large as a salad plate. He pinched a smaller one from its stem and placed it in his pocket.
"Mom, I've met a terrific lady, you would love her. I know I do. I so wish you could meet her. I so wish you were still in my life. I miss you so much." Though he was speaking very softly, his sobbing overcame him and he couldn't verbalize his thoughts any longer.
Once his grief had ebbed he dried his tears with his sleeve and headed back to his car, pulling the bloom he'd taken from the mysterious bouquet left at his mother's grave site, thinking perhaps the kindly lady at the front office counter could cast some light on what it was and where it came from.
The office was empty when he entered so he patted the call bell with the palm of his hand and the grey-haired lady reappeared as if out of thin air.  Pat was a bit taken aback and looked around trying to ascertain the source of this magic as she peered at him through her thick glasses.
"Uhhm . . . hi.  I found this bloom on my mother's grave site in the southeast quadrant, do you have any idea what it is and who may have put it there?" Pat asked.
The lady took the bloom and turned it over in her hands. "I can tell you that this is probably some sort of dahlia, they have so many varieties and hobbyists are creating new hybrids all the time. Very popular pastime around here. But can't be any more specific than that."
"Would you have any idea who left it?"
"No, can't say that I would know."
"Looks like it has been here several days, do you keep a register of visitors?"
"Did you sign a register when you came in here?"
"No."
"That answer your question?" She asked in such a sweet 'gotcha' tone that he knew she meant no harm, and he could keep mining her for information.
"So no idea who might have left this?"
"We have an annual dahlia festival, coming up next weekend. I'd say this is one-of-a-kind, and whoever grew it will most likely be at the festival."
"Great, thanks! You've been a great help."
As he was turning from the desk the lady gave a gentle nudge to a pint-sized, lidded tin can with a slit in the top. It had a small sign on the front reading 'Auxiliary Volunteers Donations'.  Pat smiled and dropped his pocket change into the can.

A few blocks further down the road in a small, dilapidated strip mall he spied a dusty storefront with a faded sign in front, it read Clarksville Messenger. He parked and stepped through the doorway. 
"Hello, can I help you?" the man behind the counter asked. If Pat were ever to wonder what an elderly Tom Cruise would look like, proof was standing before him. Like the actor, he was short and had a beaked nose. His build was slight and his dark brown hair was thick. 
"Yes, my name is Patrick Williams, I'm a reporter with the Chicago Tribune. I’m writing a story that has led me to Clarksville and the Adler Mausoleum. Can you tell me anything about William Adler?"
"Sure, but mostly what I know as a citizen of these parts, not as a journalist. Your Chicago Tribune has more editorial in one day than the Clarksville Messenger has had in the thirty years we've been publishing. We never have had any reporters. Just whatever stories walk in the front door."
"Who was Adler?"
"The older Adler, John Stewart, was a tremendously wealthy man. Very secretive, kept how great his fortune was a secret.  He married a Romanian girl, couldn’t have been more than 16 when he married her.  They had one child, William, then she died. He remarried ten years later; a woman his own age, then he died shortly after.  The son, William, did not inherit the fortune until she died sometime in the mid-seventies. Then he died six or seven years later. No one ever found out what happened to the fortune after he died.  People suspect that the lawyers made off with the money."
"Do you know how he died? William, that is?"
"No idea.  But I seem to recall it was an illness, so probably at the county hospital, about ten miles from here, closer to Nashville. You might ask over there."
"Thanks. Just stay on the county road, or get back on the freeway?"
"Six o' one, half dozen the other. You'll see signs either way."

It was getting close to time for most public access front desks to begin closing for the day, and Pat just barely made it to the county hospital in time. He approached the receptionist who was engaged in a heated phone call with a persistent customer. He waited patiently until it was past five o'clock and he became concerned that she would pull out her 'window closed' sign and place it on the countertop before concluding her conversation. She looked over at Pat and rolled her eyes, moving the headset back and forth from her ear to an arm's-length away.
She finally put an abrupt and decisive end to the call. "Good-bye," she said, hanging up.
Pat smiled his approval. "Hello, my name is Patrick Williams. I'm researching a story on William Adler who was admitted and died here twenty-two years ago. Where would I find records on that case?"
"Really now, mister, if you're a reporter you should know better than to come here. First of all, we only have records back fifteen years,  that’s when the hospital burned to the ground and all records before that were lost in the fire, so I cannot even tell you if he was a patient here. And beyond that, we have laws now that mean I can tell you just about . . .  nothing."  There was an undue emphasis on nothing and it was very apparent this young woman did not suffer fools gladly, and Pat felt terribly foolish. He was well aware of the HIPAA laws and patient confidentiality, though they were in a constant state of revision.
"Damn.  Can't you tell me anything?"
"The last person sitting in this seat, before me, she broke that rule, for a real cute guy she pleaded at her hearing. Anyway she's gone, collecting unemployment last I heard.  So, cute as you are, my job is really, really important to me."
"Didn't' you just break some employment confidentiality rules, telling me that?"
The girl's eyes opened wide and she put her hand to her mouth. Though he apparently had broken right through her rock-like facade he was not pleased with himself as she now appeared to be on the verge of tears.
She motioned Pat to lean in closer. "Go to the county coroner's office, and ask for Jorge Hedgecock, tell him Cecilia Gaston sent you and he'll help you.  But beware, he likes cute boys too," she smiled.
Pat smiled back, pleased with the broken ice. "Where's his office?"
"Conveniently located, just two miles from this hospital." Cecilia broke out laughing at her own joke.
"Thanks," Pat said, turning on his heel and leaving.

Pat had forgotten to ask Cecilia when the coroner's office closed, but since it was just a mile or two away he thought he'd give it a try anyway.  It was housed in a renovated Victorian home, which Pat thought odd for a bustling metropolitan area like Nashville. He saw lights on inside so he went to the front and opened the door despite the Closed sign hanging in the window.
Inside the office it was very tidy, with the drawing room converted into a reception area. There was a man standing with his back to Pat.  He whirled around, startled, when Pat cleared his throat. Cecilia's assessment of the man had been correct, that much was immediately obvious to Pat.
"Well! The office is closed, didn't you see the sign in the window?" he asked in a mild huff.
"Yeah, but you didn't lock the door, so I thought I'd give it a try," Pat smiled.
The man seemed to be giving Pat the once over, and appeared to approve of what he saw with first a "hmmm . . . ," then, "well, make it snappy, what can I do for you?"
"My name is Patrick Williams. I'm a reporter for the Chicago Tribune and I'm looking for some information on a William Adler who died at County Hospital, about twenty-two years ago."
"My, my, that is some time ago. I'm sure that we do have some records, let me run a quick search," he said, sliding into the seat behind a large computer monitor. 
"My name is Jorge Hedgecock, I am very pleased to meet you," he said, holding out a delicate, perfectly manicured hand and without taking his eyes off the monitor.
Pat put out his hand though they were fifteen feet apart, on opposite sides of the counter. 
"Oh come over here, you don't need to stand that far away," Jorge said, continuing to hold his hand out.
Pat came over and shook Jorge's hand, being careful not to squeeze too hard, but not copying Jorge's very gentle grasp. Pat went into his accommodation mode; not enough to mislead Jorge, just enough to secure his assistance.
"Here we go," Jorge said as he pulled up the record. "So, so sorry. The coroner never closed the case, too many questions. So technically it's still an ongoing investigation, which means the records are sealed. Tsk, tsk."
"Sealed in concrete, or just under lock and key," Pat asked in a measured tone.
"Oh, you are a sneaky one aren't you? Must be why you're a reporter, I suppose." Jorge paused to see what Pat would come back with, but Pat was silent. 
"Okay," Jorge continued, "they're around back and under lock and key. If I show you, you won't tell anyone where you found this out, will you?"
"I never, ever, reveal my sources."
"Well, it's been ages since anyone looked. Maybe we can get a quick lookey at them if you promise not to tell anyone you were here." Jorge placed a finger over his lips and winked at Pat. "Follow me."  
He held up his hand and motioned to Pat with a 'come hither' curl of his finger, leading him to a back room which he unlocked with a key from his ring.
"This old Victorian, seems like an odd location for the coroner's office in a metro area like Nashville," Pat said.
"Oh, this was supposed to be temporary until the new county offices were built, been two years overdue. Something about the windows not being the right type and they all had to be removed and replaced, then there was a strong wind and rain storm that blew the tarps off the openings and rain soaked the place and then there were fears of black mold, and on and on. What a disaster it's been."
Jorge was shining his pencil flashlight over the boxes on floor to ceiling shelving, despite the bright lights in the room. 
"Here we go, Adler, William S. Now I recognize that name. He was very, very famous in these parts a quarter century ago. Rumor was that he was fabulously wealthy. Died very young, and very mysteriously." Jorge was struggling with the box that was a foot higher than his head. 
Pat grabbed the box and pulled it off the shelf. 
"Thank you so much," Jorge said, taking the box over to a table and setting it down. "I need to finish closing the office, so you go ahead and take a look around the box. I'll be back in a jiff," Jorge said.
Pat began pulling folders and loose papers from the box. There was a picture of an emaciated man lying in bed. It was a color picture and appeared to have been taken by a professional photographer. The patient looked to be in his late sixties or early seventies Pat guessed, though his hair was still full and without a streak of gray. His face was ashen with a number of silver dollar-sized cranberry rashes or markings of some sort and very pronounced dark circles around his eyes, as if he'd been in a bruising fight. He turned the picture over and found that the name William Adler had been written on it with the date 1/9/1981. He recalled the date of death from the gravesite, and that this was just before his death. He pulled out his digital camera and scanned through the stored pictures until he came to the one he had snapped of the two plaques on the side of mausoleum. William Adler had not yet turned twenty-seven when that picture was taken. What kind of horrible disease had overtaken him? 
Pat picked up a picture of what he presumed was a healthy William Adler. He was a handsome, strapping man. The back of that picture also had a date, just a month before he died.
Jorge returned to the room. "That was quick," Pat said.
"Really not that much to do, 'cept to shut off the computer, but I really can't let you stay too much longer. They have a security guard who makes rounds of the administration offices spread all over town, and he will stop to investigate if he sees that we're still open here, and I'm forbidden to lock the door while I'm here."
"Okay, very quickly then, maybe you can sift through here better than me. Who was his doctor?"
"There should be a lavender folder in there. That would contain his medical records and related information." Jorge began flipping through the files until he came to the lavender one, opening it and reporting, "He had his own private physician, a Doctor Günter Gephardt." Jorge flipped through a few more pages. "Oh dear, seems he was in an accident shortly after Adler's death. Also admitted to county hospital, but then transferred to Lander Hills Nursing Home. He was unresponsive following the accident, not comatose or anything, but with severe injuries. That was a quarter century ago, long dead I'm sure."
"I'm getting used to my leads turning to dust in this investigation. Is there a Lander Hills Nursing Home still around?"
"Yes, but way on the other side of town, towards Brentwood."
"You have been wonderful, how can I th—.  Thanks very much."
"It will be our little secret. Eh?"
"Eh," Pat said, catching himself and realizing that Jorge might make another offer if he were to ask him for a recommendation for a place to spend the night. "Well, I'd better get going, long drive back to Springfield still tonight."
"Oh, do be careful," Jorge said. "It has certainly been my pleasure. Here is my card, if you would like any more help, or if you'll be in town and would like some company, please call me."
"Uhhh, thanks. I’ll keep that in mind."
Jorge escorted Pat to the front door and watched him intently as he got in his car and drove off, waving his hand out the open window.
Pat pulled his cell phone from his pocket and dialed Susan's number, she answered it on the first ring, asking him where he was, dinner was almost ready.
"Susan, so sorry I didn't call earlier, I'm turning up some interesting and unexpected things down here in Tennessee . . . " Pat stopped himself, realizing they knew nothing about his discoveries that were chasing him over the border, two states away. "I'm sorry, a lead in Benton sent me down here. First to a cemetery, which happens to be the one where my mom is buried, then to the coroner's office in Nashville, and now to a nursing home, but I missed visiting hours."
"So you'll be down there overnight by the sound of it," Susan said.
"Yeah, that's pretty much the story. How's Carly doing?"
"She's actually sound asleep here at home. Says she feels much better, so it was gonna be just the two of us for dinner anyway."
"I would still have enjoyed that."
"Thanks, it would have been my pleasure as well. Carly has a minor fever and some aching, but nothing a good night's sleep shouldn't fix right up."
"I guess she'll be home tomorrow afternoon?"
"Should be."
"Give her my love, I'll stop by on my way back."
"Alright Pat. Be safe, drive carefully."
"I will."
"And Pat."
"Yes?"
"My daughter adores you, don't do anything to hurt her, please." It was a plaintive request, the tone of voice spoke volumes more than the words themselves. 
"I won't, because I'm madly in love with her."
Pat found an inexpensive hotel and collapsed on the bed, drifting off while the television played reruns of The Rifleman. He awoke at nearly eleven that evening and after running out for a quick burger and fries he returned to bed and slept through the night.

Lander Hills Nursing Home was housed in an ancient, rundown building. It had been calling out for a paint job for at least ten years. There was an inch of moss covering most of the broken slate roof, and a registered historical marker in the parking lot. That marker probably explained the disrepair; it could only be renovated if certain conditions were observed, which probably made it prohibitively expensive. So it would continue its decline until it was condemned and then razed. 
The receptionist inside looked almost as worn down and tired as the building she worked in. Pat approached her asking "Hi, can you give me any information on a former patient here? His name was Doctor Günter Gerhardt. Anything about next of kin, where he might be buried, that sort of stuff?"
The receptionist looked at Pat, somewhat puzzled. "Who are you?"
"Patrick Williams. I'm with the Chicago Tribune, investigating an article that I'm writing."
"Hmm, okay. Mr. Gephardt has no next kin, ain't never had a visitor."
"Where's he buried?"
"Not buried. Still lives here."
"He's still alive?"
"Yup, just a shell of a man, sits 'n a wheelchair or lies in bed all day mutterin'. Can't weigh much more than 'bout seventy pound. Dunno if'n he'll make it to end of the month, but we been sayin' that every month fer ever now. He must be . . . wait a minute! I can't tell you no more!"
"HIPAA?"
"Yup."
"Can I see him?"
"Notten less y'all 'r kin, and I already knows ya ain't, so no. Can't. Sorry." The receptionist spoke in a very deliberate tone, then lowered her head and went back to her work while Pat returned to the parking lot.  He looked at his watch, it was already late morning. He decided to take a walk around the grounds then return around half past eleven, and wait for the receptionist to leave for her lunch.
Pat did not have to wait long. At a quarter to noon he saw the woman hurry down the front steps to her car and drive off. Pat walked into the reception area with his new story ready. 
"Hello Miss." He also laid on some charm, as that usually helped any contrived story sound more convincing, "I just found out the other day that my elderly second uncle, Doctor Günter Gephardt, is a resident here. We thought that he had been gone for a long, long time, and we are most anxious to resume our relationship with dear Günter."
"Well, you're the first kin for Mr. Gephardt for as long as I've worked here. He's never had a visitor, the last time anybody came by was a state social worker, maybe two years ago, and they all just threw up their hands and said just let him die . . . Oh I'm sorry, that's right, he's your kin, sorry about that last comment. But in any case the bad news is he's completely unresponsive to everything. Eats a tiny bit every day and just stares into the distance. Some brain injury I think, in the accident that sent him here." 
The receptionist was breathless as she finished her speed talking. Had Pat been transcribing her statement he wouldn't have had a single place to put a comma. "Oh, I was so hopeful to find out what had happened to some other relatives, maybe a familiar face would wake him up a little bit?"
"Sure worth a try. Here's a pass to get you back to the west wing, that's where we keep the brain injury residents." She handed Pat the pass and called for an orderly to escort him across the campus. Pat tried to start a conversation with the orderly but he would have none of that. He walked swiftly and silently to the west wing building, let Pat in, then just as suddenly disappeared.
The assembly room was filled with the old and infirm, many mumbling to themselves; a couple arguing in black comedy. Another orderly approached and asked if he could be of assistance. When Pat told him who he was looking for he pointed to a frail man, overcome by a ragged shawl, sitting alone in a corner in an oversized wheelchair staring at the empty wall. There was a chair nearby and Pat pulled it up directly across from Doctor Gephardt. 
"Doctor Gephardt?" he asked.
Doctor Gephardt did not respond. He sat motionless in his wheelchair, his right hand clutching a glass vial, the top protruding through the circle formed by his thumb and forefinger.
"Doctor Gephardt?  My name is Patrick Williams. What can you tell me about William Adler, you were the attending physician at his death.  Do you remember?" Pat pushed, speaking louder, assuming the old man was hard of hearing.
Doctor Gephardt continued staring into space, spittle leaking from the corner of his mouth.
"William Adler. Does that name a ring a bell at all? You worked with him before your accident. He died about twenty-two years ago."
Doctor Gephardt was still unresponsive.  Another patient, a middle-aged woman with wild hair and impossibly contorted legs, shuffled towards them, pushing her walker. When she was alongside the two of them she twisted the walker and her body at the same time and in a deft, practiced move, was sitting on the seat between the handle bars.
"Won't get nuthin’ outta him.  Looney as they come.  Just stares into space.  Won’t let go of that little bottle, neither." The woman taunted  Doctor Gephardt by trying to grab the vial in his hand. He had enough presence to respond by pulling the clenched, colorless hand closer to himself, out of her reach.  
"See what I mean. That little bottle means more to him than anything else in this world."
"How long have you known him?" Pat asked.
"He was already here when I came, 'bout ten years ago. Yeah, ten years ago. Never spoken a word. Just gets wheeled in here in the morning, eats a little soup in the afternoon, then gets wheeled back to his room."
"Do you know anything else about him?"
The woman motioned for Pat to draw near to her. He leaned his head in, putting his ear over towards her face, and she whispered to him, "he’s a Nahtsee."
"A what?"
"A Nahtsee," she squealed, oblivious to her advice on being subtle.
"A Nazi?" Pat guessed.
"Shhhh!  You want everybody to know?  He probably has Gay-stapp-o agents watching us.  Don’t trust Nahtsees. They’re bad."
"Thank you. And I’ll watch out for the Nahtsees."
"You do that."
Pat stood up to leave, saddened that he'd turned up yet another dead end, another lead turned to dust. With Pat's back towards the old doctor and the woman visitor, Doctor Gephardt turned his head slightly and attempted to mouth a few words, extending his arm, and the vial it held, towards Pat’s turned back.
Pat made his way back to the front office, walking across the grassy quad deep in thought. He forgot about his earlier subterfuge as he approached the receptionist, back from lunch, sitting at her desk with a scowl on her face as she regarded Pat. He smiled and she wagged her finger as he passed by, returning to his car and the long drive back to Springfield.
* * *
Pat got back on the freeway headed north at one that afternoon. With three hours of freeway ahead of him he figured he'd be in Springfield well before dinner. He was halfway home, his mind wandering, when he suddenly came upon an exit for a county road that would take him to Metropolis. Though he had only a hundred feet until the exit ramp would give way to a grassy knoll, he swerved his car across two lanes and onto the ramp. He was going to Metropolis to ask Mrs. Horner,  point blank, if she had been a part of this diabolic experiment conducted over twenty years ago.
He remembered from the prior visit how to get to the home and was happy to see only one car in the driveway, he didn't want the gruff Mr. Horner around when he asked his question. Mrs. Horner answered just a moment after he had knocked.
"Hi Mrs. Horner, it's me again, Patrick Williams, from the Chicago Tribune. I said I might have another question or two, do you mind?"
"No, not at all, do come in," she said very pleasantly.  Pat knew that his line of questioning was bound to upend the good mood she was in, but knew he had to ask.
"Is Mr. Horner in?"
"No. Has his bowling league today, he'll be out 'til after dinner. What did you forget to ask me the other day?  Or were you simply too intimidated to ask me in front of John?" she smiled.
"Well, yes I would not want to ask this in front of John, but I also didn't have the information to ask this question last week. It's not the easiest question to ask, and I'm not even sure how to ask it. But with what I've uncovered, I really have no choice but to ask. I also promise you that I won't be using this in my story, but there is the possibility that this could become part of a story that is big, huge, and pretty much unbelievable."
"Well, that's certainly a lead up to whatever your question is."
"Can we sit down?"
"Yes, over here."
"Mrs. Horner —"
"Jane," she interrupted.
"Jane. Back when Lee was born, or before he was born, really . . . uhhm, uh."
"Spit it out Pat."
"I've come across a number of other people, kids really, much like Lee, still in their twenties, who have died mysteriously. They all have the same given surname, and it's Williams. For each, their father is a mystery, and their mothers have told me . . . that they were paid to conceive and give birth to the children, in an experiment of sorts."
Pat had his response before Jane spoke a word as her face went pale, drained of color in an instant. She said nothing, she just stared blankly at Pat. Then her stare moved off his face and into space. Pat could see that she had lost her focus. She had not fixed her gaze on a painting on the wall, or the door, or the piano in the corner; just off into space, with no apparent focal point.
She did not react when he walked over to her, put his arm over her shoulder and whispered, "I'm sorry if I've reawakened something you wished to leave behind in your past. I don't need to ask you anything more, right now. The other questions I have, I 'm finding the answers elsewhere. But, like last time, I hope I can return if I need too, I have no idea where this trail will ultimately lead to."
Jane gently nodded her head and turned back to Pat, there were tears streaming down her cheeks.
"Thank you Jane, will you be alright? I can let myself out."
Jane nodded her head again and Pat left, getting in his car and leaving with the same haste as when making the decision to visit Metropolis that afternoon.
CHAPTER TWENTY
It was a surprisingly cool, windy day back up in Springfield and when Pat finally walked into  Susan's home he found Carly curled up in a recliner with a blanket over her and an enormous, ten-pound book open in her lap. She had a notebook balanced on the left arm of the chair and a laptop on the other. She had found time to brush her hair and put on some basic make up in anticipation of seeing Pat.  Though he was glad to see her and said so effusively when he walked in, she could tell his mind was elsewhere.
"You look troubled. But I can assure you, I'm on the mend, feeling much better, and in fighting form."
"I know you are sweetheart, I'm so happy for that, just that it's been an amazing thirty-six hours since I saw you last. I have a feeling I've grabbed a tiger by its tail. I'd be excited if this whole thing wasn't so bizarre, and now troubling."
Susan walked into the room with a sweater over her arm. "Hi kids," she said, taking great delight in calling the twenty-five year olds 'kids'. "I'm going on a date, and won't be back 'til late. What are your plans Pat? You want the guest room? The bed's made and the sheets are clean. Keep in mind Carly is sick."
Pat smiled. "Won't be staying the night, I have so much work to do, just gonna pick our doctor's brain here for a while. My story has turned into a medical mystery, and that's her specialty."
"Alright, have fun, see you soon." As an afterthought, with the door halfway closed behind her, she said "If you change your mind and stay, remember I made up the guest room, and Carly's still sick."
After the door closed behind Susan, Carly smiled up at Pat. "So, what's new in your investigation?"
For the next half hour Pat filled her in on what he'd learned about Jacob's mother, and the now common thread between Jacob, Angela and Lee. How all three had been conceived under identical circumstances, how all three had succumbed at about the same age from an uncontrollable infection.
Carly was very silent as she looked anxiously at Pat. "And what about the elephant in the room?"
Pat knew what she meant. It had been on his mind all day, moving forward to the front of the line, bringing with it a heady mix of fear, doubt, and curiosity. "I don't know, I just don't know where to turn to for answers about my past. Mom is dead. There are no records. My aunt and uncle haven't been able, or willing, to tell me anything. I just don't know, am I the fourth Williams on my list?"
"I couldn't stand it if anything happened to you. I've only known you a month, but something was just right from the very beginning. Falling in love with you was as easy as putting on a raincoat," Carly said.
"I'm not going anywhere. You've given my life a purpose it never had before, so don't worry."
"I do worry. I'm calling Doctor Wilson tomorrow, telling him he has two choices: Give me an extension, or risk losing me as a doctor, for good."
"Why postpone it? You're getting better, it's only been a two-day setback."
"Your project is now my project, I'm on this case fulltime now, partner."
Pat smiled, tightening the grip of his arm over her shoulders, his hand grasping her upper arm. "I love you so much, darling."
"I love you so much too. Now go home. We're both tired, and we need to attack this thing with eyes wide open, first thing tomorrow, okay?"
"Okay."

Pat collapsed on his couch when he got back home to his apartment. He had found a beer in the refrigerator and opened it as he leaned back. His collection of Williamses was growing. On the back of an envelope he wrote William Adler at the top, underlining the name in red, signifying he was dead.  Under that he wrote Lee Williams, Jacob Williams, and Angela Williams, underlining those three names in red as well. Then he added the names he'd culled from the online obituaries a few days earlier. Then he added his name,  placing his head down into his hands and rubbing his face, wondering, "what does it all mean?" Maybe Carly would have some answers tomorrow.
CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
It was as if God had been sending, or perhaps awaiting a signal. It had been less than twenty-four hours since Doctor Günter Gephardt had received his first visitor in his twenty-two years as a state's ward resident at Lander Hills Nursing Home. The day before the receptionist at the front desk had reaffirmed the consensus opinion of the day shift staff when she told Pat they'd be surprised if he lasted through the month.
"Never thought I'd see the day, my, my, my," Louise said as she stripped the bed of its top sheet and blanket.
"The good Lord sho kep' watchin' afta him all dees years, he must sho 'nuf been at least nine'y if'n he was a day," Gladys added.
"How long you been here cleanin' up messes, girl?" Louise continued.
"Twen'y years now, he was here when I git here, and didn' look that much bedder than he did when he met his maker yesterday."
"I heard talk that he was a Nazi, a scientist that did some of the sperimentin' on them poh people over there in Polin long time ago."
"You mean them Jews?"
"Yeah, them, and they didn' much care for us black folk neither, ya know."
"Yeah, I know," Gladys said as she wheeled her biohazard hamper over to the bedside and began picking through the items Doctor Gephardt had left behind on his nightstand. "I guess we best just throw all this shit in this here bag, huh, Louise?"
Louise was pulling the fitted sheet off the bed when she heard something hit the floor, and stooped over to pick it up. She held the little glass vial in her hand up to Gladys. "Well, well, well, here's that liddle bottle thingy that he never let go of, always held it tight in his hand. Wonder what's in it? There's somethin'," she said as she held it up to the light and swirled the contents.
"Sho 'nuf, that goes straight in here," Gladys sternly ordered, pushing the biohazard hamper towards Louise. "Don' wanna fuck around wit no shit like that."
CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
Pat turned to Carly, his expression one of weariness more than worry. "Just too many details, they seem to be converging, but still not sure what to make of this."
"Perhaps for the simple reason that the conclusion you want to draw, it's just a little too surreal?"
"That, sweetheart, nails it on the head. I don't want to believe where this seems to be leading."
"Then let's go get some dinner, what do you feel like?"
"Something new. Something hot and spicy. Something spicy enough to peel my eyeballs."
Carly turned her nose up. "I think I could have done without that simile. But I get the idea, as long as they have a choice on the heat option."
"Let's try the Indian restaurant down off the south side of campus. We can walk there, and curry comes in an endless variety of heat options."
"But you said someplace you've never been before."
"Never been there. Lived here eight years, and never been there."
"Let's go then," Carly said, jumping up off the sofa. She grabbed the arm of the sofa to balance herself.
"You okay?" Pat asked.
"Yeah, just felt a little faint for a moment, must've stood up too quick, but I'm alright now."
"Good, here's your sweater, actually a little chilly tonight," he said, opening the door with one hand and holding the sweater out with the other.
They walked the half mile to the restaurant, first hand in hand then with Pat pulling her close to himself with an arm over her shoulder. They paused at a few shop windows to comment on the merchandise on display, but did not linger. The restaurant was empty save for a single extended family of three generations sitting at a long table set for ten. The waiter took note of their tight hold on each other and with a wink led them to a table in a dark, secluded corner where they sat next to each other rather than across the table from each other.
By the time their dinner arrived Carly had lost her appetite, and not even the rich scent of curry was able to revive it. She looked sadly at Pat, "I'm sorry. I seem to have lost my appetite. Can you get mine to go?"
"Of course, I'll have them put both in a container, we can go home and eat them when we feel more like it."
"Absolutely not. I'll be okay, you eat yours while it's still hot," Carly said, clamping her mouth shut with lips tightly together. Pat already knew that was a command to obey.
Still, he had his fun, going on about the rich curry flavor and the nasal decongesting chili in each mouthful, goading her in order to test her sincerity in qualifying her condition as 'fine'. Though not totally satisfied, he ate at a leisurely pace, paid the bill, and they left to walk back  home.
"Sure you're all right? Don't want a cab ride back?"
"No, I'm all right," she said as they paused on the street corner, "just let me put my sweater on, I'm freezing."
Pat reached around to help her and grabbed her shoulder. He could feel her shaking. "Carly!" he exclaimed, holding the back of his hand up to her forehead.
She frowned at him, "You'll never get my temperature that way, let's go into the drugstore." She was gesturing towards the doorstep ten feet away.
Pat approached the counter to ask where thermometers were, but before he could ask he saw a display on the countertop. He pulled one from the display, ripped open the packaging and handed it to Carly. She stuck it in her mouth while Pat handed a five dollar bill to the clerk.
They were back outside the door on the sidewalk when the instrument pinged and Pat removed it from her mouth "one hundred and three!" he exclaimed. "Back to the ER, right now."
Carly said nothing, just hanging onto Pat, letting him call the shots. He walked to the curb looking for a cab, but spying a police cruiser instead he flagged it down. He quickly explained to the officer what the problem was and the cop ordered them into the car and sped to the hospital.
It was evening and the emergency room was much more crowded this time. Fortunately, the police officer who escorted them in helped get them to the front of the line. Once the nurse read her temperature, now approaching one hundred and four, and her dropping blood pressure, she was taken immediately to the ICU room with Pat by her side. One nurse took a smear sample of her blood and ran it through a shoebox size machine that gave an instantaneous creatine reading. Another hooked up an IV for liquids, while a third found a vein and drew several vials of blood. A fourth nurse strapped a blood pressure cuff to her arm and began pressurizing it with squeezes on the bulb.
A bewildered Pat stood back in the corner, studying a chart on the wall headlined 'The Golden Hour', that explained the steps to stabilize a patient suffering from septic shock. The poster plainly stated the next hour could mean the difference between life and death for Carly.
Within that 'Golden Hour' Carly's medical team, that had grown to five nurses and two doctors, stabilized her, and the immediate danger appeared to have passed. She was wheeled into a standard care room still with the saline solution, not so much dripping, as being forced into her vein at the rate of a liter every half hour. She had been conscious throughout the ordeal, tears forming in the corners of her eyes and rolling down her cheeks as Pat held and squeezed her hand.
"I guess this was a close one, huh?" she asked Pat.
He smiled back and was about to say something when the doctor came into the room, it was Doctor Stanton once again. "Hello Carly. I guess you should've stayed with us a while longer on your last visit. I reviewed the charts and notes from your prior visit and everything showed you to be on the mend. Have to say, you have us just a little puzzled by your condition. Tests don't seem to be answering our questions so I guess it's gonna be continued observation. You're checking into the hospital again I'm afraid, and likely for more than an overnight stay."
Carly nodded her head and turned to Pat. "Have you tried reaching Susan?"
"I tried just a few minutes ago, no answer."
"What time is it?"
Pat looked at his watch. "Eight o'clock."
"She's taking a bath. Just head over there, she'll be done by the time you get there."
"Car still in the shop?"
"Yep. I'll be fine, go get her. No gory details."
Pat leaned over the rail and kissed her. "See you in about two hours, get some rest, okay?"

Ringo announce Pat's arrival at Susan's home, though the dog must've been busy with something else as he didn't start with his yapping until Pat was on the porch itself. Susan called out without opening the door. Pat assumed she must have gotten into her night clothes after the bath.
"It's Pat."
Susan opened the door and looked at Pat and then past him. "Where's Carly?"
"Back at St. Timothy's."
"Oh no, what is it this time? Come inside."
"The doctor thinks she shouldn't have gone home the other day, whatever she had, it's back." Pat said as he walked in, reaching a hand down for Ringo to sniff.
"What made you decide to go back?"
"High fever, she just started shaking like a leaf."
"Did they check her for sepsis again?"
"Oh yes, they spent the better part of an hour stabilizing her, bringing her temperature down and her blood pressure up. Then they gave her a broad spectrum antibiotic, they can't be more specific until they know what's going on."
"Have a seat while I get changed, you know where the coffee is, there's a pot still hot, probably. There's some travel cups in the cupboard to the right of the sink, pour me one too."
Susan had a neighbor stop by and pick up Ringo and take him for the night as she was not expecting to be back until the morning. They hurried down the steps to Pat's car with coffees in hand and set out for what they expected to be a long night.
"They asked the standard questions of any hospital admittance again, I missed the first round when she was admitted the other day, but she had to say she knew nothing when they asked about a medical history on her father's side."
"You know, this is the first time she's ever been to a doctor other than for juvenile check-ups and her wisdom teeth, so it's never come up before," Susan said, looking evasively out the window.
"Well it's up now. She needs to know, the doctors need to know. It might be time to break your silence, to tell us, or her at least, more about her background."
"I've been dreading this day, if this is the day."
"It is, you have to tell her all you can."
"It's actually kinda embarrassing, maybe I need to tell you and have you tell her?"
"I'm okay with that, I'm thinking of you as family, almost the family I never had. But don't get me wrong, I love your daughter for all the right reasons, and not to fill a void in my life."
"Okay, here goes. You understand that I was young once, don't you?"
"I still think of you as young. Carly had warned me that you are, and always have been, a free spirit."
"Well, a long time ago, twenty-five years ago in fact, when I was eighteen, I was carefree, you've heard about the seventies, free love and all that?"
"You started a revolution back then. And to be honest it was much more innocent than today and, while not necessary harmless, it is was less harmful back then, than what it has become today."
"You're spot on there, even if you said it in a confusing way. It was fun and daring, and mischievous, and anti-establishment. I suppose that was a big part of it," Susan laughed as she became more at ease, reliving the past and telling her story to Pat. "But what it has become today seems more mean, more competitive, more crude, disrespectful."
"What's your story?"
"Back in the mid-70's, summer of '77 to be exact, I was eighteen, had just graduated high school and got a job as a summertime nanny for a prominent family in Aspen. Well, one day I had taken their teenage daughter to the Aspen airport and was given the day off since the rest of the family was taking a drive down to Denver for the weekend. And I was hanging out at the airport and met a dashing young private pilot. He invited me to party on board his employer's Learjet parked by the terminal. We were having fun until the owner of the airplane showed up, sent my new pilot friend into town for the day, and before I knew it I was sitting on the airplane with this very handsome and incredibly wealthy young man who couldn't have been much older than me."
"Sounds like you're leading up to telling me this guy is Carly's father?"
"He is. All it took was that one roll on the floor of the Learjet and a month later I found out I was pregnant, and I contacted him and told him he was the father. He said he would do the right thing and help me out with financial support; very insistent that I not get an abortion, for which I am grateful, as you know I just adore Carly."
"I can understand that. Can you contact him now, all these years later, and find out if he has a family medical history that can shed some light?"
"No, not really."
"Can you contact the rest of his family to find anything out?"
"Best I could tell he was an only child. His father had died before I met him, so he was just some rich young kid. All I knew was his name and that he was from the South."
Pat stopped for a red light and looked over at Susan. "It's a wild story, but then that's all I've been hearing about the seventies, is wild stories. I'm just glad that Carly's last name isn't Williams."
Susan had been looking out the windshield as the wipers intermittently cleared the light drizzle from the glass. She placed her hand on Pat's arm as she turned her head and stonily asked Pat "how did you know her name at birth was Williams?"
Now it was Pat's turn to go stonily silent. The light had turned green but he did not move. The car behind began honking its horn furiously. "Let me pull over," he said, trembling as he guided the car over to the curb.
"How did you know?" she demanded again.
"I . . . I . . . I'm still trying to make some sense of this. Was his name William Adler?"
"How do you know all this?" Susan was in a fit, alternately angry then terrified.
"Carly is one of them . . . one of us?"
"You're not making sense, what do mean one of them, one of us?" Susan demanded.
Pat leaned foreward, his forehead coming down hard on the steering wheel. "Carly's my sister," he whispered in an anguished mumble.
"What are you saying?"
"It's the Williams name, Carly, Lee Williams, Jacob Williams, Angela Williams, and dozens and dozens of others. And me, I'm one too. It's like a madman was creating an army of clones, for what purpose I have no idea."
Susan began crying, quickly becoming hysterical, pounding on Pat's shoulder with her fist. "How can you be so sure! What kind of twisted nightmare are you imagining?" She stopped pounding on his shoulder and leaned her face into the door window, trying to catch her breath between sobs.
"This illness she has, what you just told me, it's the link that puts this chain together. Oh God, she can't be my sister, that's not how I love her. She can't have this disease, I can't lose her!"
Pat lifted his head and stared forward through bleary, tear-filled eyes. "We have to calm down, think rationally about this, what we're going to do."
"Let's get back to the hospital, right away, now," Susan barked it like the order it was.
"Of course, of course," Pat said as he put the car into gear and tore away from the curb, cutting off a car coming up from behind him. "What do we tell Carly when we get there?"
"The truth. What happened. What is happening right now. We can do nothing but concentrate on saving her."
"Of course, of course. I should tell her, I guess. She knows about me, that my life could be at risk, but of course she has no idea that hers could be as well. She'll go into shock when I tell her that she's fallen in love with . . . her brother . . . her half-brother."
"Half-brother doesn't make it any more acceptable," Susan said.
Pat could hear a previously unknown hostility in her voice, like she was finding fault with him, blaming the messenger for the bad news. When, in fact, it was Susan who had been holding the secret, who had inadvertently made this untenable situation possible. They were both so confused that they did not know what to do, where to turn, who to blame, how to think it out rationally. They only knew the when, and that it was now.
As they approached the front entrance of the hospital Pat touched Susan's arm. She stopped and turned towards him. "Susan, if she was born Carly Williams, why is her name Starr now?"
"Her father gave me a big chunk of money when she was born, and then promised me a thousand a month until she turned eighteen. Those checks stopped when she was around four, so I said a deal's a deal, and he broke the deal. So I changed her name to mine, Starr."
When Pat and Susan walked out of the elevator they quietly approached the nurses' station to get an update before going into the room. The nurse reassured them that Carly was still stabilized and while she had not improved, her condition had not worsened either, and they were free to enter the room and visit with her. The doctors had determined that the infection troubling her was not airborne and there was no need for face masks.
"Hi sweetheart," Susan called out gently as she took Carly's hand in her own.
Carly was in a state somewhere between full awareness and deep sleep, but her mother's touch seemed to bring her out of that. "Hi Mom. Don't worry, everything's gonna be alright," she said dreamily.
"Yes, everything will be fine, we'll get you the best medical care available, don't you worry about that."
Though Susan meant to be reassuring with her promise, it seemed to alarm Carly who, wondering why she would need extraordinary care, opened her eyes wide. "Isn't this care enough? Is there something else going on that I should know about?"
"No, no, it's all fine. Pat wants to talk to you. Here Pat," she smiled over at him. "I have to go to the bathroom anyway, I'll be back in ten minutes." She felt she had given him fair warning not to waste time, and use his best efforts to tell Carly, simply and forthrightly, what was going on.
Pat pulled a chair up to Carly's side, taking her hand in his. She could tell immediately that he was very troubled; it was all over his face. 
"What's going on Pat? How serious is this? If you know something you better tell me what it is," she said quietly.
"Honey . . . Carly, I should start calling you Carly." He paused, tears welling in his eyes as he watched her, as she began crying.
"It's serious, isn't it?"
"It's serious on both ends."
"Both ends of what?"
"Serious with respect to your health, and serious with respect to us, our relationship."
"Oh. I'm sick, so you're gonna dump me?" She feigned a smile, trying to lighten the moment, but to no avail.
Pat so wanted to tell her while he was looking into her eyes but found himself uncontrollably lowering his eyes, shifting his gaze to their locked hands. "I had a long talk with your mom on the way over here, made her tell me the secret, the one she would never tell you, who your father was."
"Oh, that's all? What was he, a serial killer?"
"No . . . your father, your father is William Adler. You were born a Williams, not a Starr."
The silence prompted Pat to lift his head again, to look at Carly, wondering what would sink in first, that she had a fatal illness, or that he was her brother, that she had made love to, and fallen in love with, her brother.
She lifted her hand to her forehead; all she could say was "oh God."
"I'm gonna die?" she asked.
"No, Carly. We know what's going on, we can check the records for dozens of other people who had this, whatever it is, see what the doctors did that didn't work, what we can do different, how we can hold it off, you will survive. We're not going to lose you. And you need the same resolve you showed when we thought it was just me in danger, because we need your help to solve this mystery."
"You're gonna die too. Oh God, you're my brother." She closed her eyes, tilting her head back, putting her hand back up to her forehead, breaking out in a heart-rending wail.
Pat said nothing, just continued holding her hand until the gasping for breath subsided and she was once again taking measured breaths.
"Half-brother," Pat offered, hopefully.
"Half-brother doesn't make what happened any more acceptable," Carly frowned at Pat.
"That's what Susan said, word for word."
"I guess she knows too, now?"
"Yeah."
"God hates me. He hates us."
"I know, can't stand the thought of losing you. Now knowing that I cannot love you the way I loved you, even just a day before, even if I did gain a sister I never knew I had, not a fair deal any way you look at it." Pat grimaced at the jumble of thoughts he'd poured out in his anguish, not sure how to say he'd lost someone, without implying that it would be a life, also, that would be lost.
"What do you mean losing? You don't see any hope, do you?"
"No, I meant losing you as someone I could hold tight the rest of my life. Knowing that someday, someone else will have the joy of holding you in his arms. It's an unbearable pain."
"I know it is. I don't know if I can stand losing you, either, I've fallen so deeply in love with you. I just wish we could reset this whole thing, go back to a week ago, even two days ago."
"We can't. We'll come to terms with it. Somehow. I still love you, but can't handle the burden of wanting to still think of you the way I did, before this evening."
"What a double whammy. I'm dying, and I'm my lover's sister." Carly's voice cracked as she finished the sentence. Susan returned and walked up to the other side of the bed and looked over at Pat, taking hold of Carly's other hand as she brought it down from her forehead.
"Hi Mom. What're we going to do?"
CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE
Pat and Susan had persuaded the shift doctor to contact the chief internist at St. Timothy's to call a meeting, still that evening, of a number of specialists at both the hospital and the nearby university medical center with its own researchers. Once word got out what was afoot several more specialists volunteered themselves and showed up as well. Further breaking protocol, they agreed to meet in Carly's room where she could also be an active participant on the panel.
Carly was given the opportunity to discuss her doctoral work after it was quickly agreed that a genetic disorder seemed to be at the root of the illness. Pat's testimony on his ongoing Williams investigation had also given support to that theory.
The meeting went on until the early hours of the morning and the majority of the team planned to reassign their existing workloads to colleagues and, as Pat had promised Carly, they now had a team of specialists single-mindedly pursuing her cure. They were even successful in making a midnight call to the lead epidemiologist at the CDC in Atlanta, who was already familiar with Angela Williams's case, and she promised to fly up to Springfield by dinner time that day.
The team broke at three o'clock with everyone urging a bleary-eyed Pat to go home for what was left of the night while Susan stayed in Carly's room with her. Quarantine orders were re-issued, and no one was to enter the room without proper clothing and masks in order to protect her haywired immune system from further assault. Pat was forbidden by both the medical team, and the new reality, to kiss her goodnight as he left to return home.

For the entire drive home, and a first restless hour lying in bed, his mind, numb with grief and disbelief, revisited every fact that he had garnered over the course of a month. He tried desperately to find a loophole, a crack that could be widened enough to provide an escape from this nightmare. But even on waking the next day he quickly realized that he was living in a nonsensical Escher- or Dali-like impossible distortion of reality.
Upon awakening Pat first called the hospital and when told that her condition was not deteriorating, but holding steady, he felt secure enough to stop and have a late breakfast before heading over to visit and get an update from the medical team's adjunct. From a diner booth—he did not desire the conversation of either a waitress or the cook today—he called his boss Ned, giving him a brief rundown on where things stood, and stating that he had no choice but to take an indefinite leave of absence. Ned readily agreed, while reminding Pat to keep good notes; his Pulitzer could be lurking in the shadows of the next few weeks.
It was lunch time when Pat arrived at the hospital and he made straight for Carly's room. Several of the team doctors were by her bedside, deep in conversation, respectful of her research and sparing no details of what they knew, thought, and were willing to try. Pat joined in, telling them more about the mystery. He'd remembered to bring over the records he'd found on Jacob Williams and gave those to the doctor for reference.
Though they were tending more towards seeing themselves as a team of equals, Doctor Swenson, from the university, was  moving out in front as the final arbiter in decisions affecting her treatment. He was ordering a new biopsy, blood, or vital function test with virtually every sentence uttered by a team member.
He finally turned to Pat, asking him if there were still any unturned stones down in Tennessee that he could investigate, that could shed more light on the mysterious nature of Carly's disease. "There's no question now that this is a genetic issue, that it was inherited, but we know precious little of her father's side. Is it possible to discover more?"
"If that's where I can be most helpful, I can be on my way in five minutes."
"Probably. Don't want you flying blind, but you've done amazing work already. So if you can bear being away, then that's probably best."
"I'm on my way," he said to the doctor, then turned to Carly. "Hun­—, Carly, I, ummm," he looked at the faces all around, and even though he knew that they knew of the unspeakable things that had happened between them, he fumbled for the words. "I'll call when I get down there. Bye-bye."­

Pat was driving faster than his usual 'speed limit plus ten' for most of the way down and had passed the border into Kentucky when he was distracted by flashing red and blue lights in his rearview mirror. He slowed down to let the highway patrolman pass. When he didn't, and Pat saw the patrol car's headlights flashing on and off, he realized that he was the prey and pulled over;  hoping that the speed was below a reckless endangerment misdemeanor, and that he would get a quick citation and be on his way, losing at most fifteen minutes. He pulled his registration from the center console and his license from his wallet and held them in his hands, both of which were gripping the top of the steering wheel.
"You know how fast you were going?" the officer asked.
"Yes, I was speeding. Here's my license and registration, can you please write the ticket as quickly as possible so I can be on my way, and I do promise to drive the limit for the rest of the way," he said as he stared forward.
"In a hurry to get somewhere?"
"Yes."
"You don't have drugs in the car, do you?"
"No sir."
"Can I search the car, or do I need to get a warrant first? You know your back taillight is busted out?"
"No, I didn't know. But I'm assuming that a search will go much quicker than having me sit out getting a warrant."
"That's correct, sir."
"Search away, trunk first?"
"Naw, I'm just messin' with you. Why in such a hurry?"
"This probably won't make much sense, but I'll try and condense a long story down to sixty seconds." Pat managed to finish in just shy of two minutes.
"That's a pretty extraordinary story," the officer said.
Past looked up at him, his eyes fixing on the name badge over his breast pocket. T. Williams, it read.
"Hmm. When you write the final story be sure to speak kindly of the great state of Kentucky. Have a good day," the officer said, tipping his campaign hat and returning to his car, slapping the roof of Pat's car on his way back.  
"Oh, I'll be in touch," Pat murmured as he resumed his ride south, having already decided that the Landers Hills Nursing Home, and another attempt to get something out of the old German doctor, would be his first task. 
As he approached the office where he'd had his run in with the receptionist the prior week he was more observant of his surroundings. Off in the distance he noticed as a black column of smoke wafted into the sky from a chimney that was far too tall and awkward to be a fireplace, but he didn't think twice about it.
He walked in the front and smiled as he saw his erstwhile friend at her station. "Hi, remember me? Pat Williams? I need to speak to Doctor Gephardt again, I met with him just a few days ago. Only this time it's really, really urgent, and I just can't take no for an answer." He hoped his self-assurance would intimidate her into saying yes. And if not, well he could just double round back of the building and make his own way to the recreation hall where he had met the doctor a few days ago.
"I'm sorry, Mr. Williams," the receptionist said softly, "but Doc Gephardt done passed away yesterday."
Pat raised his eyes to the ceiling, slumped his shoulders and sighed. Looking back at the receptionist he asked "what about his personal effects, where are they and can I look through them?"
"Sorry, but you can't have access to 'em. 'Sides, if'n they ain't been burned yet they will be shortly. We do'n save no personal effects 'less next o' kin ask for 'em, and our records show no next o' kin for Doc Gephardt. 'Cept'n for one guy who tried to pass hisself off as kin jus' the other day," she said, admonishing Pat.
"Everything he had, gone?"
"There's a chance some o' the stuff he had when he was admitted are still in storage."
"Where would they be stored?"
"In the property room at the end o' the hall."
"Surely if they are simply going to be incinerated as well, then what would the harm be in my looking through them? I'm speaking honestly when I say many lives could be hanging in the balance."
"Well, in any case, y'all can't git in there today. The door's locked and the custodian's gone fer the day already. Maybe if ya'll come back tomorrow," she frowned at Pat, looking over the top of her half moon glasses, "around lunch time I'd suggest, they might let y'all in."
"I see," Pat said, thinking it might just be best to take matters into his own hands as he surveyed the small lobby, looking down the short distance towards the door with the opaque, wire-glass window and sign clearly stating Property Room. He noted there was a locking door knob, but no deadbolt.
"Visitor's hours'll be over shortly, anythin' else I can do fer y'all?"
"No, thanks," Pat said, walking over to a window overlooking the front yard. He looked down, guessing it was  six feet from the ground to the broad window ledge. Looking back over his shoulder he saw that the receptionist's back was turned to him as she searched a file drawer in her credenza. He quickly slipped the lock on the window just enough that he would be able to force it open from the outside, but not enough so that it would be noticeable from inside.
"Goodbye, thanks again," Pat said, leaving through the front door.
Sitting out in his car Pat called St. Timothy's and spoke once again to the adjunct. She informed him that they were rapidly developing theories and proposed treatments, and also that her condition had deteriorated somewhat during the day. He then asked to be transferred to Susan, and he told her of the day's events, and that it would be necessary for him to stay overnight in Clarksville so he could get the access he was being denied to Doctor Gephardt's possessions.
"Can't you get at it sooner? Go to the police, a judge, something like that? Tell them it's an emergency."
"Unlikely to turn anything up any quicker that way. Besides if they don't cooperate and they grow suspicious of me, it could be that much more difficult to get access. It's a pretty fantastic tale, though I did get a Kentucky Highway Patrolman to buy it. So I'm going to break in tonight when the front part of the building is closed and dark."
"Alright, do what's best. But she's slipping away, don't know how much more time we have. If it follows the pattern we already know, well, the doctors said without the cure, it's days at best."
Pat could tell that Susan was not at all impressed by his highway story, but then she had much weightier matters on her mind. "You know I'm trying my hardest. I won't be wasting any time getting what I need and getting back."
"Find something, anything, please."
"I will, I promise you, I promise Carly, I will. Give her my . . . give my sister my love, please."
"I will."
 
Pat found a regional department store that was open in the evening and went in to buy a flashlight, a few yards of light-blocking fabric, a pair of dark sneakers, pants and tee shirt, a four-foot stepladder, scissors, duct tape,  and a large, black tote bag. He looked at the collection in his shopping cart and smiled, thinking, if this doesn't raise eyebrows than who knows what will around here. So he watched the checkout lanes, only two of which were open, and chose the one with the younger female clerk. His charm worked and he was out the door without suspicion.
He returned to his seedy hotel room and donned his thief's uniform, standing in front of the mirror and giving himself a satisfied smile and thumbs up.
At midnight he finished the rest of the coffee he had brewed on the countertop of his motel bathroom, grabbed his black tote bag filled with the tools of his new trade, and stole out the door to his car. He was at the nursing home in fifteen minutes and parked on the street at the end of the two hundred foot driveway. Silently, though purposefully, he walked in the shadows of the tall magnolias up to the side of the administration building. There was no movement anywhere; it was a dark, moonless, and still night. He set up his stepladder under the window he'd unlatched and was able to lift a knee up onto the wide ledge after looking through and seeing the reception area was vacant. As he had hoped, all it took was a nudge and the window burst open. Then he was inside with his bag of tools, shutting the window behind himself and making his way to the property room door. He slipped a credit card under the latch and pulled it up. The door opened and he was inside.
Holding his pencil flashlight in his clenched teeth Pat opened his tool bag and removed the blackout fabric, the roll of duct tape and the scissors. First he cut a two foot square piece and taped it to the inside of the wire glass window in the door. Then he cut another, larger piece, and taped it to the one small window in the wall that looked out over the courtyard, taking the remaining fabric and forcing it into the crack between the door and threshold. Satisfied that light would not be visible outside the room he turned on the overhead light and surveyed the room. It was filled with floor to ceiling metal storage racks with uniformly sized boxes lining the shelves. He walked down the first row and was relieved to find the box labels were alphabetized. He made for the 'G's' and groaned when he saw that there was no box labeled 'Gephardt.' 
He looked around the room again and saw a single shelf attached to the wall by the door. He walked over and looked inside the only box on the shelf. The first thing he saw was a dot matrix printout on large format greenbar paper. The type was faded with age and he pulled it out, squinting as he tried to read what time had slowly erased. Across the top of the page he could barely make out column headers that read:
Name
Date of Conception
Mother
Date of Birth
Address
He looked at the first line and gasped as he read his name, followed by a date that he quickly calculated to be ten months prior to his birth, then his mother's name, his birth date, and a Nashville address that he did not recognize. It was unequivocal confirmation of his parentage, of his dilemma. He set the continuous feed sheath of paper down and staggered two feet to the wall, leaning against it and looking up at the ceiling, trying to comprehend what he had just held in his hands. After steadying himself he went back over to the paper and lifted the fan-folded edge of the form and thumbed through it, counting fifty folds, one hundred pages, thirty-five entries per page . . .  nearly thirty-five hundred half-brothers and half-sisters. The pages inside were more legible than the faded first page so he ran a finger down the birth date column until he came to an entry that matched Carly's birth date. Reading left he first saw the name Susan Starr, and then in the far left of the row, Carly Anne Williams. His hands trembling, Pat placed the printout in his black tote bag and looked back inside the box.
The next item he pulled out was a journal, it measured about an inch thick and had a ribbed spine. There was no title on the embossed hard cover. Starting at the back he thumbed through the pages, finding that only the first three pages had writing on them. He began reading the few entries that were written in a hard to decipher script with poor, phonetic spelling: 

January 8, 1981.  William is showing signs of extrem fatik, including a pronounced peri-optical tan, I am observing his condition. 
January 9, 1981. William's pupura rash over his chest, is getting worse, it is a deep cranberry color, though he does not complain of an itching.  I observed this progression of symptoms in Roma subjects at Berlin-Dahlem during the war.  None survived the condition. 
January 15, 1981. Sent Sid on a mission to Savannah River Site.
January 16, 1981. William suffered seizures, I am convinced that it is an autoimmune disease, he has Grauger Syndrome, passed on from his mother who died at the age of 21 from not specifik causes. 
January 17, 1981. William is in a delirious state with many organ failures.  
January 18, 1981. I have successfully created six doses of Serum 6 T-T, two doses of 15 ml each in three different vials. I must write my notes and the formulary and will give them to the authorities tomorrow, but it is too late for  William Adler he died today.  I must destroy evidense of the project tonight.

There were no other entries in the journal. There were no notes that gave any clue what Serum 6 T-T was, how it had been created, what it had been created from. Pat pulled a yellow slip of paper from the box which showed Doctor Gephardt's admittance to The Nashville County Hospital. It was dated January 19, 1981, early a.m.,  and listed severe trauma and brain injury from an auto accident as the reason for admittance.  Further down in the bottom of the box he found an empty vial with a loose seal laying on its side. It was resting on top of a stained piece of paper. The hand written label indicated it had been 30 ml's of Serum 6 T-T, twenty-two years ago. 
He remembered seeing a similar vial in the clutch of the old doctor just a week ago and assumed that one was gone, and the contents of the vial he now held had long ago evaporated. "Damn. Two vials gone," he muttered out loud, placing the journal, dot-matrix printout, and empty vial in his tote bag. 
Peering back inside he saw a pair of black driving gloves, a key chain with three keys on it and a fountain pen. As he pushed the box away he noticed a dull glint under one of the cardboard flaps that enclosed the bottom of the box. Reaching down he pulled out a tarnished brass amulet of sorts. He had seen the design before, it was constructed of three ovals with one end of each oval pointed towards an angle of an imaginary equilateral triangle that could be drawn to enclose the shape, and then the three oval shapes all shared a common end in the middle of the design. Pat seemed to think that he recalled the symbol being used in pagan idolatry.
With the overhead light turned off he retrieved his blackout fabric from under the door and over the windows, stuffing them into his tote bag as well. He peered out the small window in the door and seeing nobody in the hall he hastily left the room, making for the window leading outside. He caught his breath once he was back in his car and sat still until the excitement and fear of his first burglary had subsided.
Pat knew that he did not have enough information, and that there must be at least one more vial of serum 6 T-T out there somewhere, but where he did not know. As much as he wanted to return to Springfield with this new information he knew that there was more to learn there, in Tennessee, so he returned to his motel room at one in the morning, once again trying to fall into a fitful sleep despite the caffeine coursing through his system, and uncertainty through his mind.

The next day was dull and overcast, but a quick scan of the skyline allowed Pat to conclude that while it would be warm and muggy, the rain would likely hold off. He settled up at the front desk and checked out of his motel with only one more, wild, off the beaten path chance left to take before heading home. 
The Clarksville Memorial Garden was not far from the motel and he arrived there before he could even finish his coffee. He pulled into the gravel parking lot of the cemetery and parked by the front door. He got out of the car and looked in the direction of his mother's grave, mouthing "sorry Ma, in a rush today, can't stop and say hi." He bounded up the steps and walked into the reception room. His friend, the elderly lady with the gray hair, was standing by the cash register. She smiled when she saw Pat.
"Hello," Pat said hurriedly, but friendly.
"Hello. You seem to be in a bit of a hurry today."
"Yes, I'm running up against some deadlines, very urgent business."
"Well then, what can I help you with today?" she asked with a very disarming smile, leading Pat to believe that he could get her assistance with little trouble.
"I need to know what you can tell me about the Adler Mausoleum, who visits it, who pays to maintain it, that sort of thing."
"Oh, that plot has no visitors, at least not that I can recall in the last ten years I've been helping here. And maintenance is paid through the endowment, which was fully funded by Mr. Adler himself."
"There are two Adlers buried there. A senior and a junior I presume?"
"It was the senior who bought the whole cemetery a long time ago. He created and funded the foundation that runs it to this day."
"And what about the junior one, the one that died in 1981?"
"He was just put here after he died, but as I said, no visitors since I've been here."
"Can you tell me who made the final arrangements for junior when he died, do you have records for that?"
"Oh, I'm sure we do, we have records going back to when it was a Civil War Memorial Garden. But I don't know if I'm able to reveal that information," she said, still smiling sweetly.
"Please," Pat said, pouting in a way he assumed a grandmother would appreciate, though he wouldn't  have known, never having known grandparents of his own.
The grey-haired lady drummed her fingers on a book on the counter before her as she considered his request. She looked up somewhat askance at Pat and gently slid the book so that the corner touched her contribution can and pushed it a little closer towards Pat. Pat did not catch the hint immediately and continued to stare her down, turning the corners of his mouth down just a little bit more. The old lady pushed the book a little harder, the can edged closer to Pat.
Pat smiled and pulled a ten dollar bill from his pocket, placing it in the can.
"The records are in the back room, let me go get the journal, what year did you say it was?"
"1981."
"I'll be right back," the lady said, turning and leaving. When she returned she was already leafing through the first few pages of the book, spread open in one hand, running a finger from her other hand down the column. 
"Here we go," she said. "That would have been Jack Frost of Pleasant View, 15 Shepherd Circle."
"Where's Pleasant View?"
"Maybe twenty-five miles down Highway 24, towards Nashville."
"You’re a sweetheart," Pat said, tapping his finger on the counter, turning and leaving.

Pleasant View was a small town with its own city hall, and an older downtown neighborhood, and lots of freshly turned soil on the outskirts as developers began turning it into another bedroom community for Nashville's growing population. He easily found Shepherd Circle and drove down the tree-canopied road, looking at numbers on homes. He parked in front of the bungalow with the gray mailbox on the curb that bore the number fifteen. There was no name on the mailbox nor at the front door. Not seeing a doorbell either, he rapped on the door with his knuckles.
Pat waited for a while but no one was coming to the door. He turned to leave when a man approached from the side of the house.
"Hello, my name is Patrick Williams, with the Chicago Tribune. I'm looking for Jack Frost, does he live here?" Pat asked.
The tall man, wearing stained leather gardening gloves, was walking towards him. He climbed the two steps up to the porch and Pat could look him in the eye, though the stocky, broad-shouldered man could stand sideways and completely hide Pat from view. His jowls sagged from never exercising his facial muscles. The lines suggested a perpetual scowl. 
"Jack Frost died twenty years ago."
"Oh, I see. Do you know where I might find his kin?"
"That would be me,  I’m his son, John. What can I help you with?" He did not remove his gloves, did not extend his hand.
"I’m sorry to hear that.  Would you mind answering a few questions for me?"
"Why're you interested in my father?"
"It's not so much your father I'm interested in, but rather his relationship to William Adler. I understand he made the interment arrangements for him at the cemetery up in Clarksville."
"Not too much I can tell you there. My father was his butler, the perfect butler. He was committed to his employer, no matter who it may have been, with all the devotion of a marine to his sergeant, or a pope to his church. Suppose it was the German in him. Adler was German too, so much Teutonic brass in this story it'll make your head spin. But he never talked about his boss, even after Adler died, he took any secrets with him to the grave."
"Living in the same town with William Adler, you surely must have known something about him . . . ?"
"Only that he was incredibly rich. But you wouldn't know who he was. The source and size of his fortune was a more closely guarded secret than the combination to Fort Knox."
"Did you know a Doctor Gephardt?"
"He worked for Adler too.  He was some sort of genetics doctor, from Argentina I think. But I suspect he got there by way of Nazi Germany. I never met him. I have no idea what he did for Adler."
"Did your dad leave anything in the way of notes, or letters, or a journal perhaps?"
"No, like I said, Dad was as close-lipped as they come. Besides, I left town for most of the ten years from 1975 until well after Adler died in 1981.  Come inside," John said, pushing the front door open, warming up just a bit. As he walked by Pat caught an unmistakable and very strong odor of alcohol.
Inside the house John pulled off his gloves, placing them on a console table underneath the entryway mirror. He picked up a large gold and onyx ring, slipping it on his pinky.
"Would you like some coffee? You're driving so that's all I'm gonna offer you."
"Sure, thanks." Pat was not at all thirsty or wanting a coffee, but he knew that would give him some more time with John, if he drank the coffee slowly.
"Have a seat in the drawing room," John said, "while I get you your coffee. Black or with anything?"
"Black is fine," Pat said, walking into the room John had motioned towards. There was lots to take in. The drawing room itself was quite large with a wet bar on one side. There were two cases of Wild Turkey sitting on the floor next to the bar, and a half empty bottle on the bar itself. A wall-to-wall, built-in, glass-covered bookcase lined another wall and a sofa and two club chairs were arranged around a coffee table in the middle. An enormous Persian carpet covered most of the wood-planked floor. The walls were filled with framed pictures, documents and other memorabilia.
"Whose collection of memorabilia on the walls, the antiques?" Pat asked as John walked in with his coffee. He stood to take the coffee from John's outstretched hand, saying "thank you."
"My dad's. Adler had no heirs when he died, no will in fact. So he left nothing to take care of Dad in his old age, despite numerous promises to do so. So Dad acted on those promises and helped himself to a few items when Adler died, and before the lawyers, or whoever it was, made off with the fortune. Even the government felt at the end they got short-changed in the deal, not much was left after the dust settled. But nobody really knew the extent of the fortune anyways." John walked over to the bar and filled a tumbler full of the Wild Turkey, drinking it warm and neat.
"A secretive man, Adler?"
"Very much. I grew up with him, then served some time in Vietnam, was wounded pretty badly," he held up his hand displaying a time-faded but still obvious scar running clear over the back of the hand from the base of his thumb to the second pinky knuckle. "I might have been one of the last casualties before we evacuated Saigon. I was discharged and returned home just four weeks before that happened."
"Thank you for your service to our country," Pat said, not taking his eyes off the hand with its ugly scar and the large gold and onyx pinky ring he wore.
"See that book stand over there?" John asked, pointing to one corner of the room.
"Yes."
"That was in James Madison's home at one time. Or was it Thomas Jefferson? I'm not sure. Who owned Monticello?"
"Jefferson."
"Okay, his home. See that globe in front of the bookcase over there?" He was now pointing towards the glass bookcase Pat had admired earlier.
Pat stood and walked over to the bookcase and studied the globe. It was set on a metal tripod stand and consisted of a large, circular outer glass shell filled with a perfectly clear liquid. Suspended in the liquid filling the outer globe was another smaller, and obviously antique globe, as both Europe and Africa were well defined as known today, but the Americas were still somewhat of a mystical, amorphous mass.
"From the mid-1600's, said to have been owned at one time by Benjamin Franklin, but no idea who created it. Uses magnets to keep the inner globe perfectly suspended in the middle, but move the outer magnets and you can watch as a day spins by."
"Pretty fascinating. Was Adler the collector, or his dad?"
"His dad. Unless it was something to glorify his existence Adler had little interest. An ego the size of China."
"But you only knew him in your youth?"
"Yeah, first it was Vietnam, then I left these parts until after Adler died, and Dad died not more than two years after him, heart attack."
"You were your dad's sole heir, no siblings?"
"Yeah, and I probably wasn't intended either. Jack was the consummate butler. If it was not in his employer's best interest then he wouldn't have an interest in it himself. And a butler with a kid didn't interest the senior Adler."
Pat perused the treasures behind the glass of the bookcase. "He collected antique glass?"
"Yes, again not sure why, or where it came from. Lots of that stuff I simply haven't touched since I returned and took control of Jack's possessions."
Pat continued scanning the items on display until he got to the bottom shelf, then his heart skipped a beat. Sitting there, behind some cobalt glass, was a small, three inch tall vial with a glass topper. On the outside of the bottle there was a small sticker with faded hand writing on it. It read 'Serum 6 T-T.' Pat could feel John's stare on his back as he raised his eyes, looking for an object that would warrant closer inspection and give him a reason to ask John to open the glass case.
"This here gold orb, what is it?"
"That, my dad's records say, is the orb of Stanislaus II August of Poland. Technically I guess that would make it part of Poland's crown jewels, though they have been missing since they were looted by the Germans in the early 1800's."
"Can I get a closer look at it?" Pat asked, drinking the last of his coffee and setting his cup down on the narrow sill of the lower bookcase.
"Sure," John said, fishing in his pocket for a key ring as he approached Pat and the display case. He held the ring up and sorted through the keys, settling on one and saying "I think this is it." 
The key worked and John reached in for the orb, pulling it out and placing it in Pat's hands. John's eyes never left Pat or the orb, until Pat turned, bumping his coffee cup and knocking it to the floor with a crash.
John jumped back a step and rushed towards the wet bar saying "hold on a second, let me get a rag." In the instant that his back was turned Pat reached in the cabinet, grabbing the vial of Serum 6 and quickly dropping it in his pocket, satisfied the hole it left was small enough not to be noticed in this dazzling display of cobalt blues, gold, and antiquity.
"I'm so, so, sorry," Pat exclaimed in a genuinely pained voice.
"Not to worry, at least the cup was empty, so no spill," John said, as he stooped to pick up the pieces and place them on the rag he had spread on the floor.
Satisfied he'd gotten all the shards from the shattered cup John stood, holding the clumped rag in his hand. With the other he reached for the orb, taking it out of Pat's hand and replacing it in the cabinet. "Why are you investigating Adler anyway?" he asked, returning to the sofa.
"You follow baseball at all?"
"Some."
"Lee Williams was a shortstop with Chicago. He died suddenly two months ago, and I’m doing a story on his death."
"What’s that got to do with William Adler?"
"He has a shadowy paternity, and some of my investigating has led me to William Adler, wondering if Adler could be his father…?"
"I suppose that's possible, rumor had it that William fathered a number of children. But I never knew for sure. That would be something, though. What leads you to William?"
"Part of it is the name Williams, and I know that, by itself, is tenuous; but his mother admitted to me the other day that she had been paid to conceive and have a child, and the checks appeared to have come from William Adler."
"I knew nothing about his finances, so can't help much there. But William could very well have been up to no good, that doesn't require any stretch of the imagination."
"Do you know any more than I've been able to find out about how he died, which isn't much?"
"Not really. As I said, I was gone from here pretty much since I got drafted until after he died, so we were mostly adolescent friends. I did two tours, came back briefly, then was gone again for a number of years."
"Well, I do appreciate the help you've given me, and for the chance to admire your collection. You know much of this belongs in a museum, don't you?"
John shrugged his shoulders. "I guess, and I'm sure Poland would love to have part of their crown jewels back, too. Maybe someday, just not been much of a charitable person, got dealt a lot of my own low cards in this life."
"Thank you so much, but I really have to get going. I appreciate your help."
"Don’t mention it, glad I could help."
John began escorting Pat to the front door when Pat stopped at a framed photo of John and another man. "Is that Booth Benson you’re posing with in this picture?"
"Yes. You know about him?"
"I know of him.  He's been on death row for a murder he insists he didn't commit. It was that heiress, what was her name? Doris something?"
"Doris Pinchley. He didn’t do it."
"Oh? How can you be so sure?"
"I’ll answer that question, and tell the story, if you can assure me that this is now off  the record. Actually, I hope all this has been off the record."
"You have my assurance."
"Then we'd better go back inside and sit down."
Pat was at first hesitant, getting ready to suggest that a quick summary would be sufficient. The stolen vial was burning a hole in his pocket and Carly was anxiously awaiting his return, perhaps with her life in the balance. But still, he felt a tug, as if from a spirit, telling him to go back in. "Okay, sure, tell me."
They returned to the drawing room sofa and chairs, sat down, and John began to tell his tale. The man grew very quiet, almost timid, as he told of his life in the shadows, a mother that gave birth then quickly disappeared, never to reappear; and how his father accepted his fatherhood, but never much desired for this additional title. Pat took closer notice when John's story at last approached his frame of interest, the mid 70's.
"When I said I was gone from 1975 to the mid-eighties, it's because I was doing ten-to-life at the Tennessee State Penitentiary for a barroom brawl that, unfortunately, led to a man’s death. Booth was my cellmate for a while.  He's still in prison for a crime he didn't commit. I was let go after ten years, for a crime I didn't commit.  I had to leave everything behind. When I got out Adler had been dead four years, my dad dead for two years, and he left this house for me all boarded up. Guess my only bit of luck is that it was intact when I got out."
"And you didn't kill the man in the bar?"
"No, it wasn’t me.  I took the rap for William Adler. He had a guy that was kinda like his mechanic, trying to think of his name, Sid something. He set it up so that I'd take the fall whether I wanted to or not." 
"I’m sorry. It’s a sad story."
"Two tours in Vietnam, ten years in the pen for a crime I didn't commit, see what I mean by being dealt a hand of low cards?"
"Yes, I do. Sorry it's been so rough. I hope that you find more peace in the years ahead."
"Thanks. Now that you know all that . . . that's not the worst of it."
"There's more?"
"Yeah. I had a girl friend, wonderful woman, we were both pretty young, though she was five years younger than me. I hadn't been back from Vietnam long when we reconnected, last I had seen her she was just a kid. In any case she got pregnant, then I went to prison. Never saw her again, never have met my child, should be about your age. I hope he's leading a better life than I did."
"Have you made any effort to find out about him?"
"Nah. If nothing else, I'm at least considerate enough to not want to complicate his life. She died a long time ago herself, so we really would have no connection. I'd be intruding on what might otherwise be a fulfilling life for him. I did at least find out it was a boy."
"You should reconsider trying to find him. At least you have a trail you can follow."
"Maybe someday. Maybe when I have a need to find someone to leave these treasures to."
They both made for the front door in silence. They shook hands without saying another word and Pat slowly walked down the path to the curb and his car. 
CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR
Pat knew he had at least a four-hour drive back to Springfield, if he kept a heavy foot on the pedal and avoided any of those pesky, even if forgiving, Kentucky state troopers. He expected to be there before dinner time and called Susan when he was still an hour out of Springfield.
"Hi Susan, it's Pat. Is Carly there?"
"Oh, Pat, it's been up and down all day, it's down again now. Please get back here just as soon as you can!"
"I'm on my way back, about an hour away from St. Timothy's." Pat hung up the phone and continued inching forward as the cars merged down, one at a time, into the single open lane; all the while muttering "damn. Damn. Damn." He held up the vial of serum, thinking, "two doses of the cure, if it's even a cure at all. What am I going to do?"
He pounded his hands on the steering wheel, saying out loud, to himself, "Carly needs a dose. Will I need a dose? What about the thousands of others who will need the cure. And their children?"

Pat was back in town, though again battling frustratingly slow traffic. At last the light changed and as it turned yellow on the car in front of him, and fully expecting that car to speed up and not jam on its brakes, he also accelerated. He stopped at the end of his thirty-foot marks of black rubber on pavement, just inches off the preceding car's bumper. He wiped his brow, cursed the driver and looked around himself. On a billboard across the street he saw the familiar ad featuring Fred Thompson with its five-foot tall lettering, Reverse Mortgage. As he studied the Godzilla-proportioned visage of Thompson with a puzzled smile on his face, a large semi-truck pulled in front of the billboard obscuring all but the word Reverse. Lined up perfectly with the visible portion of the billboard was the side of the truck's trailer, and its corporate name, Engineered Products. Pat read the line, Reverse Engineered Products. He grabbed his cell phone and punched in 411.
"Springfield, University of Illinois, School of Science, Department of Genetics," he trailed off a little at the end as he was now guessing as to where his inquiry should be directed on the vast campus.
A voice on the other end asked him for a specific name in that department. "Yes, I need to speak with Doctor Wilson." He was offered a choice of two Doctor Wilsons.
"Yes, Harold Wilson, connect me, thank you."
It was just two short rings and he was talking to Doctor Harold Wilson, Carly's dissertation advisor and project counselor. "Doctor Wilson? This is Pat Williams calling, I'm Carly’s friend."
"Oh, sure, hello. Wait a minute, Carly has made mention of a friend, she's used you as an excuse for delay as much as any other reason."
"It’s a long story. But I have been watching closely as she's been developing her thesis and reverse engineering seems to be a recurring theme. Are you a specialist at all in that technology?"
"I know as much about it as anybody you're likely to talk to. So yes, you could call me that."
"If I wanted to have a substance reproduced, a serum or something, how much would you need in order to determine its composition and make more?" Pat put his cell phone on speaker as he dodged other cars making their way home after the workday. 
"First, I cannot guarantee it can be duplicated, but assuming it could be, a minimum of fifteen milliliters would be ideal. About half a fluid ounce. Carly’s thesis, though, assumes only a trace amount is sufficient, perhaps what would be left in a bottle after its contents are emptied."
Pat peered at the vial in his hand, it bore the marking 30 ml. "How long would it take?"
"Depends on the resources you throw at it, and if you need time for cultures to grow, probably several months at minimum, why?"
"That would never work, could it be done in days?"
"Doubtful. But hey, ask Carly, she’s the expert." 
"I dunno if I can, she’s at St. Timothy's in the ICU, and slipping fast."
"Oh, Lord. What happened?"
"We just found out that she has an inherited genetic disease. Prior victims show that it comes on in a matter of days and is fatal within about ten."
"Do you know any more about its pathology?"
"Huh?"
"What more is known about the disease, surely it has prior case records?"
"Apparently very little is known because it has been previously unknown in this country. It seems that it is a genetic disorder carried by a single family of  Romanian extraction.  Carly had no idea that she was descended from a carrier who emigrated to this country in the '50s, her paternal grandmother."
"She’s at St. Timothy's?"
"Yes"
"Is that where you are right now?"
"I'm headed there."
"I’ll meet you."
"Thank you."

Back at St. Timothy's Pat walked into Carly's room after donning his quarantine garb and stood by Carly's side.
"Hi Carly, how are you feeling? Sorry I was gone all day."
"Everything hurts. What kind of day is it today?"
"It’s a nice day. But it’ll turn cloudy and rain later this evening."
"It’s nearing the end, isn’t it?  Hold my hand, will you."
Pat took her hand and ran his other hand over the top of her head.
"I guess now we don’t have to worry about our relationship. You can choose to mourn me as your sister or as your lover."
"Don’t talk like that, all is not lost. And, we don’t have time to sort that out now. Your life is hanging in the balance.  Adler had a rare genetic defect he inherited from his mother, and apparently passed along to all his offspring."
"So I, and you, and hundreds of others all have this death sentence hanging over our heads?"
"Thousands. Thirty-five hundred I think. Yes, and all I have is this single vial of serum, two doses, that rely on nothing other than a demented old doctor’s notes that it is, in fact, a cure.  Two doses.  The doctors here would never allow me to give it to you in time to save your life—maybe save your life—but it may be all that we have."
"You’re forgetting one thing. You’re going to need a dose yourself, and I won’t deny you that single dose. The other dose will need to be used to come up with a replica, so those other thirty-five hundred can be saved."
"But I’m not sick."
"I wasn’t sick a week ago either."
Doctor Petersen walked into the room, greeting Carly and her coterie. "I’m going to run a series of tests, could I ask you all to leave for about half an hour?" he asked.
Susan and Pat left the room in silence and returned to the waiting room where the friends and families of other patients in the ward were biding their time. A couple of thuggish teenagers were playing with the remote control, flipping back and forth between reality programs and music channels.
Pat paced nervously until he saw a gray-haired, middle-aged man enter the waiting room. He had a typical, rumpled, professorial look about him; as if when he awoke every morning he spent a good deal of time pondering the mysteries of his work, and very little time dwelling on his appearance. Pat was so sure it was Doctor Wilson that he approached with his hand outstretched. "Doctor Wilson?"
The man smiled and took Pat's hand. "Harold. You must be Patrick."
"Pat."
"Susan?" Pat turned to Carly's mother. "Do you mind if I take a walk with Doctor Wilson, I need to tell him a few things, ask him a few questions, and I know you've had a long day."
"Sure, go ahead, I'll just get myself a coffee and read a magazine, the wait shouldn't be long."
"Let me get the coffee," Pat said, fishing in his pocket for some change. He brought the cup over and gave it to Susan, then jerked his head in the direction of the hallway. Harold followed and together they walked out of the waiting room and down one of the endless-loop corridors.
 "When you called me earlier you said there was a long story that you cut short.  What's the story?" Harold asked.
"In researching a story on Lee Williams, the Cubs shortstop who died seven weeks ago, I uncovered what could only be called a diabolic plot by a man named William Adler, from Nashville. Back in the late seventies he was working with a German geneticist to clone himself—actually it was through artificial insemination—thousands of times.  It seems to have worked; best I can tell he may have created as many as thirty-five hundred offspring through this means. He was tremendously wealthy, and he bribed the women to bear his children, sworn to a secrecy that, through carefully constructed subterfuges, somehow has survived all these years."
"That’s a fantastic tale. And not really believable. But don’t get me wrong, I’m not calling you a liar, it’s just pretty far out there."
Pat stopped as they reached a bend in the corridor, stopping to look at Harold. "Oh, it happened. There's no doubt about that.  And, Carly is one of those offspring. So was Lee Williams, the Cubs' pitcher who died. So was a young man named Jacob Williams, here's his obituary," Pat said, pulling a sheet from his pocket and unfolding it. "And Angela Williams, a beautiful young woman who died several weeks ago. I've uncovered obituaries from as far away as Phoenix for young adults with the last name Williams, and they fit the pattern. Perfectly. Here they are, if you want to read them."
"No need, I believe that."
Pat hung his head, not quite sure he could get past his shame, and looked into Harold's eyes as he said "I discovered last night that . . . I, too, am one of his offspring."
"You? But aren’t you her . . ."
"Yes."
"Oh boy."
"I discovered the journals that the geneticist kept, and it seems that William Adler’s mother carried something he called Grauger’s Syndrome that he had observed in Romanian prisoners in a Nazi camp. It's a genetic defect that inescapably leads to an early death.  She died when she was twenty-one, and William himself died at twenty-seven, and I saw both their markers at the cemetery. Lee Williams was twenty-six when he died, Jacob Williams was twenty-two.  And everyone had the same symptoms preceding death.  A perioptical tan, a cranberry rash somewhere on the body, organ failure, seizures, cardiac arrest, then death.  And in all cases the first symptom and death occur within two weeks."
"This is amazing."
"In his journals the doctor says that he found the cure, or rather rediscovered the cure because it had already been developed back at the Nazi camp as part of their experimentation.  And all I have is this lonely vial of the serum, and the doctor’s notes that say it will work."
Harold took the vial and studied it.
"Harold, you have to help me, Carly's life is in the balance, she won't take the drug, insists I'll need it, and we need to save some so we can replicate it."
"I'm afraid I can't help you much. The one you need is in that room over there, fighting for her life."
"What do you mean by that?"
"I'm not the brilliant scientist that Carly makes me out to be. I'm really much more of a historian. You see I have a learning disability, a rare and unusual form of autism, or at least that's the closest you can come to desribing it."
"Still not following you."
"I function perfectly well in social settings; married, kids, balance my check book, can converse perfectly well. But my mind doesn't put things together well. Show me that two plus two equals four, or that the square root of 8,382 is 91.55326 and I can say yes, that is correct. But give me just the question without the answer and my brain freezes over."
"Still don't get it."
"Okay, look at it this way. See that computer over there?" Harold asked, pointing at the nurses' station, "it has two critical components. One is the memory, where you save and store all the data.  The second is a microprocessor, it has the ability to process that data, and give you an answer. I'm the data bank, I remember everything I've ever read or seen; a walking encyclopedia, a whole dang library. Carly, she's a microprocessor; feed her the data and she'll give you the answer in an instant. But I just can't do that. I throw my arms up. I shrug my shoulders. I apologize for my shortcomings."

Susan, Pat and Harold returned to Carly's room, though it would be for only a brief visit. Carly closed her eyes as Pat stood, holding her hand in panic, knowing he would never change her mind, and just as sure that she would feel betrayed if he were to slip her the drug without her knowledge or consent. A member of her medical team returned and motioned for the three of them to leave the room again.
 Back in the waiting room they silently plopped down on the sofa in front of the television. The same bratty teenager who had been there earlier had returned and was sitting in a chair with the remote control, flipping through the channels. For just an instant he stopped on a home and garden channel, and in that brief moment Pat caught the banner on the bottom of the screen before the kid changed the channel again. He was certain that the banner had said 'Live at the Centerville Annual Dahlia Festival.'
Pat jumped up and walked over to the kid with the remote. "Can I see that for a minute?" he asked.
The kid scowled and, looking away, muttered "no."
"No, I mean it, give me that remote right now," Pat demanded.
The kid stuck it between his leg and the seat cushion and ignored Pat. Pat looked around, then swooped down, grabbing the kid by his collar and yanking him clear out of his seat, sending him sprawling on the floor. Pat picked up the remote as the kid scampered away, shouting for a security guard.
Pat found the back button and pushed it, returning the channel to the dahlia festival. He listened as a smiling reporter swung her arm in a broad semi-circle, talking about the great diversity and skill of the hobbyists who were exhibiting their prize dahlias at the festival.
"And now, let's go talk to one of these hometown artists," she said as the video man tagged alongside her and they approached a table set with dozens of bright dahlias in pots. Pat immediately recognized the salad plate sized bloom as the dahlia he had seen at his mother's graveside. There was nobody standing at the booth, but a large table tent provided the information on the owner. 
"This has to be the biggest dahlia bloom I've ever seen in my life," she said as she placed her open palm behind the flower. "Unfortunately, the horticulturist who created this beautiful hybrid is not here right now, but it is Duke Nuckolls of Pleasant View," she read from the table tent. "Maybe we can talk to him when we pass back this way." The reporter smiled for the camera as she set the table tent down and made for the next booth, continuing, "and over here . . . "
Pat pulled out his cell phone and dialed directory assistance.
"City and name, please," the operator on the other end asked.
"Nashville, Tennessee area, last name is Nuckolls, N-u-c-k-o-l-l-s, first name Duke, or John, shouldn't be too many of them."
"Okay, I have the number, it's (615) 555-0099, would you like to be connected?"
"Yes, please," Pat answered. The phone rang, but was not picked up. There was no answering machine.
"Damn."
"What's going on?" Harold asked.
Pat told Harold the story about finding the plate sized dahlia bloom at his mother's grave, then seeing the same bloom on display at the festival just being reviewed on the television. "You didn't happen to read the Nashville phone book, did you? And can tell me the address that goes with the number?"
Harold smiled. "No, but I think you can call 411 back and ask if there is an address."
Pat called back and got the address this time. He closed his phone and dropped down on the sofa, utter bewilderment on his face.
"I take it that was a clue, but looking at your face, you're not sure where this piece goes?"
"I'm pretty sure, but it's a keystone, and before I use it to hold the arch up, I need to confirm it."
"Rather cryptic, but go on."
"The address she gave me, I was there yesterday. It's the son of Adler's butler. He told me that he had a child that he never met, on account of being in the state pen when the child was born, back in 1975. And he's been leaving flowers at my mother's grave. He was still locked up when my mother died, which would explain why he never saw her again. I think I met my father yesterday."
"How'll you confirm that? He's not answering his phone, and Nashville is a four hour drive."
"I dunno, let me think." Pat sat silently, then ripped out his cell phone and began scrolling through his contacts. He stopped at Jorge Hedgecock and placed a call.
"Hello, this is Jorge, who's calling, please?"
"Jorge, this is Pat. We met the other day, you took me back to the records room at your office, you remember?"
"Of course I do, Pat. Let me turn down the TV, so I can talk better." 
Pat listened as he heard the background conversation dim, then disappear altogether.
"What a pleasant surprise, and to what do I owe the pleasure of this call?"
"Jorge, I need you to do a favor for me, a huge favor, can you do that?"
"Perhaps I can, tell me more."
"It's a matter of life and death, I don't know how far you are from Pleasant View, but it's a four hour drive for me; I'm up in Springfield right now."
"Hmmm. I'm very curious, but do carry on."
Pat decided that he had to nip any belief on Jorge's part that his fantasy could become reality, that it needed to stay just that, a fantasy. So he chose his words deliberately. "My fiancée is deathly ill, and there is a man in Pleasant View who can answer some questions that could have a bearing on her survival."
There was a long silence, and then in a grieving voice Jorge asked "did you say fiancée? As in you are to be married?"
"Yes."
"Oh."
"Please Jorge, you have to do this for me, you can be a true hero if you do this."
"Well, if you put it that way, I can't really say no, now can I?"
"I hope not. I need you to stop by and ask this guy, his name is Duke, a few questions."
"You can't call him?"
"No, he's not answering his phone, likely because," Pat looked at his watch, "it's nine o'clock and he has a bottle of Wild Turkey inside him, and he's already sleeping it off."
"Oh dear. Is he a vicious drunk?"
"No, he's a kitten," Pat guessed, hoping he was right.
"Well . . . but if things don't work out with her, then you'll keep me in mind?"
"You mean if she dies?"
"Oops, my bad. I forgot that part. I'm so, so sorry. Where am I going?"
Pat rattled off the address and a short list of questions that he needed to ask John, or if he wasn't up to it, to just get him on the phone and Pat would ask him the questions. "And, Jorge?"
"Yes?"
"Can you drop what you're doing and go right now?"
"Just let me freshen up a little first."
"How long does that take?"
"Well, if I was meeting . . . oh never mind, I'm leaving now."
"Thanks Jorge. Thanks a million." Pat turned to Doctor Wilson. "Hope to get a call in the next hour confirming what I'm hoping for, that Nuckolls is my dad, and Carly isn't my sister."
"Maybe you've traded in a defective gene and got a con for a father in return."
"A trade I'd take any day."
CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE
Jorge was practicing his delivery as he pulled onto Shepherd Circle, watching the mailboxes for the number Pat had given him. He was undecided between the clipped, domineering tone of Humphrey Bogart's Sam Spade and the meek, persistent rambling of Peter Falk's Columbo. He settled on the latter. In the rearview mirror he carefully examined his reflection, drawing a damp finger over both eyebrows and smacking his lips, trying to draw some more color into them.
Satisfied, he made his way up the path to the front door. Not finding a doorbell he knocked gently. There was no response so he knocked harder. When he still had no response he pulled his collar up and around his neck and walked back down the steps and around the side of the house. He gasped and put his hand to his mouth as he saw a potting bench in the glow of a nearby porch light. It was filled with the most beautiful potted dahlias he had ever seen in his life. 
"Oh. My. God," he said, taking the hand from his mouth and cupping one of the blooms in his two hands, much like a grandmother would take tender hold of her infant grandchild.
Jorge continued around the side of the house until he came to a window. The window was set high off the ground as the house had a look-out basement and the basement windows were already at knee-level to Jorge. He found a large, empty pot, and standing it upside down was able to raise himself high enough to peer in through the window. He saw, and heard, a man snoring in a deep sleep on a sofa. Jorge's initial reaction was that he now wanted no part of this. Until he looked around the room a bit more, and began to take in the relics that graced the walls, the bookcases, and he wondered what he had stumbled upon.
He went back to the front door and tried turning the knob, the door swung open. The house was quiet save for the thunderous snoring coming through the arched, doorless entryway to his left. There were no dogs or cats to greet him, for which he was grateful. He followed the snoring and found himself in the drawing room. The empty bottle of Wild Turkey stood on the coffee table and an overturned tumbler was on the carpet. Duke was out cold. He held a bright, chrome-plated revolver in his hand. As Jorge walked closer he could see that Duke did not have his fingers wrapped around the pistol, it was simply laying on his stomach with his hand on top of it. Jorge was able to slip the pistol away without waking Duke. Taking the gun in his own hand he sat down in one of the club chairs and began calling out Duke's name, louder each time he got no response.
Eventually Duke rustled, shifting his body on the sofa and the snoring stopped. His bleary, bloodshot eyes opened a crack and with a start he half sat up, putting an elbow underneath himself. "Whadda fuck, who are you?" he asked, moving to a sitting position, then attempting to stand. Jorge raised the pistol, not pointing it at Duke, but enough so that Duke could see that he had it.
"You robbin' me?" Duke asked, rubbing his hands over his face.
"No. Just here to ask a few questions, for a friend of mine."
"Who's your friend?"
"Pat Williams."
"The kid that stopped by here this morning?"
"Could be."
"What does he want that he couldn' call?"
"He tried calling, but you're so drunk you couldn't answer the phone."
"What couldn' wait until tomorrow?"
"It's a matter of life and death."
"That's what they all say. I should come over there and break your neck, holding a gun on me. Holding my gun on me."
Jorge set the gun down on the table, satisfied that Duke would not pick it up and shoot him. "He needs to know who the mother of your child was."
"And if I don't tell you?"
"You don't have to tell me, just answer yes or no. Was it Abigail Brown?"
Duke was silent for a long while, his neck arched so the back of his head rested on the sofa cushion, his eyes trying to focus on the tin plate ceiling. "Pat's my son, isn't he?"
"Yes, he is."
Duke raised his hand to his face and pushed his thumb and forefinger hard into the corners of his eyes.
CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Pat and Harold returned to the waiting room and sat, each deep in their own thoughts. Then Pat's cell phone rang. He hurriedly flipped it open and took Jorge's call while Harold watched attentively. A big smile broke over Pat's face as he flipped the phone shut. 
"Let's roll," he said.
Susan had fallen asleep in her chair and Pat went over, gently nudging her awake, "Susan, we can go back in."
Susan had, in just that short half an hour, fallen into a deep if restless sleep and took a few seconds to gain her bearing, realize where she was, and what the dire situation was. "Of course, of course," she said, pushing herself up out of the chair. The coffee was sitting untouched on the table, cold now.
Pat put his hands on her shoulders, and looked her in the eyes. "I just got a phone call. The man who I met this morning, down in Tennessee, I just confirmed, he's my father. I'm not Carly's brother."
Susan shuddered under Pat's hands then reached for the arms of the chair and sat back down. "This news should help revive Carly's spirits, both that she can have the serum, and that she can have you too, if she has the will to survive. Will has so much to do with it," she said.
Pat was pulling his hands through his hair as he looked at Susan's bowed head, a pained look on his face, wanting to help, but not knowing what to do next.
Doctor Peterson walked up to them in the waiting room and simply said, "you can go back in and see her again. We're doing all we can, and hoping it will be enough. But it has us stumped, we're looking over some of those medical reports you gave us for the other youths with the similar symptoms, and they're virtually identical. But I feel like I'm still just as much in the dark as they were."
Susan stood and left the waiting room, headed to Carly's bedside.
"Do we need a plan, or just go in and tell her and inject the serum?" Pat asked, turning to Harold.
"Not that easy. We have a real dilemma. First, the doctors would never allow us to inject the Serum 6 into her IV line. Second, if the serum is viable and we gave it to Carly would one dose be enough? Would we be denying the 3,500 others who are afflicted of a potential cure by using up the only known specimen? Ethically I could never consent to participating in this."
"You may have the doctor in front of your name, but that's because you have a Ph.D. You never took the Hippocratic oath."
"That’s a stretch, and you're playing dirty pool now."
"Put yourself in my shoes. I love Carly more than I thought possible."
"But what of her 3,500 brothers and sisters who are sure to suffer the same fate?"
"But you said if we had a head start trace amounts might suffice. Your exact words were "What might be left in a bottle after you empty the contents.""
"You reduce the chances of success in determining the components by a huge factor when compared to the methodical strategy of working with a quantity of the substance. And I said that before I knew that we were dealing with genetics, do you want to take a wild guess at the possible number of gene combinations that need to be eliminated?"
"I get it. I also need to take the chance."
"Well, before we do anything we need to talk to Carly. Need to get her input, her consent. And who knows, maybe we can get more from that microprocessor mind of hers."
"Okay. Lets go in."
"There is one other factor that we have not considered."
"What is that?"
"If Serum 6 is a biological compound then it is certain that it would not have survived intact for twenty-five years, especially in the absence of freezing, let alone any refrigeration.  You say you found it sitting on a bookshelf?"
"Shit. Yeah, it was sitting on a bookshelf."
"On the other hand, if it is a chemical compound then the chances are somewhat improved that it would have survived, as it would have far greater stability without any cellular organisms in it.  Unfortunately, given the nature of the illness and pathology in general, it greatly favors it being biological. Cannot say that I am at all thrilled with either choice."
"How could we possibly find out which it is?"
"So many ways . . . chromatography, scanning electron microscope, dozens of alternatives.  Worst case, take a specimen and create a culture."
"And how long would that take?"
"Anywhere from several days to weeks."
"Obviously that won’t do."
Pat and Harold sat silently in the waiting room.
"Wait a minute.  You said that Doctor Gephardt was a German scientist?"
"Yes, he was."
"If he worked in the Nazi camps he must have been educated before the war."
"I believe he was born around 1910."
"Let me see the vial."
Pat pulled the vial out of his pocket and handed it to Harold.
Harold studied the vial for a moment, reading everything the vial had written on it, "Serum 6 T-T, 30 ml. Yes, yes. I do think that it is a chemical compound."
"How do you know that?"
"See the cap on the vial?"
"Yes."
"It was the convention, particularly in the Reich laboratories, between the wars, to put chemical compounds in bottles with squared stoppers, and to put biological compounds—actually samples since biological agents were virtually unknown then—in bottles with round stoppers.  We could make the assumption that he was following the protocol that was taught to him when he was a student."
"Then what's next?"
"We go in and talk to Carly."
CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN
Carly was awake and mustered a pleasant smile when they walked back into the room. It didn't happen very often, but when Pat and Harold entered Carly's room they found her alone with her mother, absent a single member of her growing medical team. Pat walked over to the bed and firmly kissed her on the mouth through his face mask.  It was not a sisterly kiss and Carly was surprised, speechless. 
"Honey," Pat said, "I found something out just now."
"What's that?" she whispered, hoarse from a bout of convulsive coughing earlier.
"Yesterday, when I was down in Tennessee, I met my father. He's alive. Adler's not my father."
The statement seemed to bring Carly back from the edge of delusion where she had been teetering the last few hours. "You're not my brother?"
"Nope. I'm not. But when we get you through this, and we will, I want to be something else to you altogether.  I want to be the one who walks into the sunset with you, sixty years from now."
Carly lifted an arm and Pat leaned into her so she could wrap the arm around his neck and she pulled him closer. They kissed again, through Pat's surgical mask. "I love you," she whispered. "How am I going to pull through this? For the others, well, I'm maybe 72 hours from the end, aren't I?"
Pat leaned in close so that the nurse standing to the side could not hear him, whispering in her ear, "will you take the serum?  It's your only hope."
"Yes, I will," she whispered back.
Pat straightened his back, turning his head and nodding to Harold.
"Go to it, ace," Harold said, sounding just a little awkward, trying to be hip with his language.
Carly was clearly shell-shocked. "Get me off this roller coaster," she cried, squeezing his hand hard. "What does all this mean now?"
"You have to understand, we have no assurance that the serum will work, that it won't kill you quicker than the disease itself. You're continuing to slide downhill, not as quick as most of your siblings, because we know what to do to slow it, but we just don't have the tools to stop it."
"Where did you find the serum? If that's what it is."
"Of three bottles, only one seems to exist and I stole that from . . . my father." Pat then gave her a hasty recounting of his past thirty-six hours.
"That's an amazing story. You have the serum?"
"Yes. You know as much as anyone what your chances are, and if you can survive this with what the team is suggesting, or do you take a chance with a bottle of liquid called Serum 6 T-T that was brewed by some unknown Nazi scientist, and has been sitting on a bookshelf in Tennessee for the past quarter century. Here's his notes, and a good luck charm I found in the box," he said giving her the journal and the amulet he'd found in the box.
"Oh, interesting, a triquetra," she said, taking the brass amulet. "Hand me my notebook, the doctor's journal, a pen and the three of you leave me alone for an hour, go to the cafeteria, have something to eat."
"We aren't hungry."
"Oh, get lost, go have dinner. Leave me alone, I need to do some thinking, I might be on to something."
Pat and Harold stood to leave the room but Susan did not stand, she just smiled at them. Carly looked over at her. "Mom, you too."
So the three left the room and made their way to the cafeteria, pouring three cups of coffee and sitting down at a table in the brightly lit but nearly vacant dining hall. Susan was the first to break the silence. "They can't save her, can they? Nobody else has survived, have they?"
"No, not that we know of. And even though we know more than they did about what is going on, we're still in the dark, we don't know what is causing it." Pat pulled the vial of Serum 6 from his pocket and turned it in his hand. "This could be our only hope, but we have no idea what it is. I say she should take it. What about you Susan?"
"Are we there yet, where there is no hope, and we take a shot in the dark? Can't we wait?"
"We're there now, if we wait much longer than even this wouldn't help. The damage to her organs, to her body would be irreparable. She'd need transplants of virtually everything in her body. She is on the verge of kidney failure now, then the liver, then the lungs, then her heart, brain. All turning into infected, broken, dying and dead cells."
Susan began sniffling and gave her head the slightest of nods, in assent. 
"Harold?"
"I don't think we have much to lose. She seemed very aware when we were in her room half an hour ago, maybe it’s a second wind . . . ," he trailed off. "I'm reassured that she is aware enough to make her own logical decision if she will take it, the serum."
"I'm gonna take a walk," Susan said, standing and silently moving away from the table.
Harold took a sip of his coffee and looked at Pat. "Can I see that vial?"
Pat reached back in his pocket, pulling out the vial and handing it to Harold.  He studied it a minute. A smile spread over his face. "Pat, do you believe in God?"
"Now would probably be the wrong time to say no."
"What about intelligent design, do you have much use for that?"
"Interesting, Carly and I had that discussion a few weeks ago. We brainstormed it and arrived at a conclusion that we were both satisfied with. Yes, there is a process called evolution, and we have worked our way up from the mud puddle, just too much evidence to deny that. But still, the process itself is an incredibly beautiful design, and perhaps there is a greater being behind it."
"It's a way to explain that which we don't understand."
"Believe me, there are some things, which if I think about them too long, well, I think my head would explode. Take the universe itself. The fact, or at least the purported fact, that it has no end and that it has always existed, that there is no beginning, the matter has always existed, I can't get my brain around that."
"Too much mystery, too much without explanation. There has to be a God?"
"Yes, there does have to be a God. And he, or she, is apparently an accomplished biologist."
"Either that, or she has a wicked sense of humor. That's why I call God a she," Harold smiled.
"Where's this going?"
"When Flash Gordon was first published as a comic strip and featured space travel it was pure fantasy and science fiction to the masses. Others knew, though, it was just a matter of time. And sure enough 35 years later we put a man on the moon. Same goes for just about anything we take for granted today, at one time it was in the mind of a science fiction writer, today it is reality. The same is happening with medicine. We are at the dawn of a new age. Our knowledge, and the tools we have to process it, are growing at a breathtaking pace."
"If only our intelligence was growing in step with our knowledge."
"Yes, that will be our downfall. But right now we have a mission that is ours, and ours alone. It's Carly."
"Of course. And where are you going with this?"
"This bottle of serum, the label contains an extraordinary amount of information, and Carly is figuring it out right now as we speak. I can guarantee you, when we go back up there she'll give us a thumbs up."
"That Nazi doctor with a dark ages education figured it out? I mean when he was learning medicine they still had operating theaters with doctors dressed in coats and tails and a viewing gallery."
"You're off by a few decades, but close. And that brings me back to my original question, that perhaps there is the hand of God at play here."
"Don't stop."
"The name on the bottle tells it all. We understand and had identified chromosomes some time ago, and the first number here, chromosome six, it contains much of the DNA that instructs our body how to fight intruders.  It manages our immune system. But the first human genome sequencing, that identified the complete map of human DNA did not occur until twenty years after he created this, the second time. But the T-T, not sure what that means."
"So it's a gene within chromosome 6 that has gone haywire?"
"I'm thinking so, but not sure what's in this vial, and how it would help."
"I remember now, one of her textbooks, all it had on the cover was lots of brightly-colored, connected dots, and the number 6, very large."
"Yes, that's her dissertation, teaching chromosome 6 how to adapt to new, or changing conditions. Much cancer research these days is based on developing a single injection cure, one that trains our own immune system to seek out and destroy cancer cells."
"Except in Carly's case. We need her DNA to unlearn that behavior, kind of  like a false flag?"
"In some ways, perhaps. We know that her immune system is detecting an intruder, and it seems to have originated in her colon, in the gut. We know that the gut is home to over 100 trillion microorganisms, that's ten times the number of cells that make up the entire human body. I suspect that her immune system is viewing the naturally occurring e. coli in her colon as invaders. As her body sends macrophages—the soldiers of the immune system—to the colon they send out cytokines—the messengers—that call for more help. More macrophages form, sending out more cytokines, and we have the cytokine storm that is the recurrent theme."
"So does this serum train her system to ignore the warnings or does it destroy the e. coli so that she stops sending reinforcements?"
"The only way to destroy e. coli is with heat, an intense enough heat that it would, unfortunately, destroy more than just the bacteria, so I still don't know."
As Harold pondered the situation in silence Pat picked up his pencil and began doodling on the napkin on the table. Looking up he saw one of the members of Carly's team standing at the entry to the cafeteria scanning the faces inside. Pat raised his hand and caught her attention. She walked over and extended a hand in which she was holding a piece of paper. Pat took it and she left.
Carly had drawn a variation of the triquetra; she had moved the oblong shapes so that rather than having the three ends overlap, the middles overlapped.
"What is that?" Harold asked, a smirk on his face.
"I dunno."
Harold took the pencil and placed a heavy dot in a random spot on each of the three oblong bands. "Now, what do you see?"
"The atomic symbol?" Pat replied haltingly.
"Yes! I am holding a vial of tritium here, in a water soluble format. Also known as tritiated water. This is nuclear medicine!"
"How can you be sure?"
"The symbol, T-T, that is the German translation for what in English we would label T2O. It's radioactive. I'm not sure if it will change her DNA structure or destroy the e. coli in her system, thereby shutting down the uncontrolled reaction she is experiencing."
"So either way, it’s a cure?"
"I like to think so. You know that evolution loves symmetry?"
"You mean like identical vertical halves of the body, that sort of thing?"
"As an example, yes. But also DNA, it is typically formed of a double helix. We get two sets of chromosomes from our parents, and it is often an extra chromosome, or lack of one, that causes problems. But the e. coli bacteria, that is a rare exception, it has a triple helix form. It's possible that the offending gene in Carly's body has a triple helix format. And this vial here, it is super heavy water, each atom contains one proton and two neutrons, three particles altogether." 
Patrick was confused by the science and simply muttered "Seems pretty improbable to me."
"Tell me something, anything, about our very existence that isn't improbable. The odds of a planet having the right conditions to sustain life. That our planet had the right combination of matter, that it was the required distance from a sun, a sun that was of the right size and in the right stage of life."
"And how DNA functions is entirely improbable. Evolution . . . it all makes the odds of winning a lottery seem good."
"But there is a problem."
"And that is?"
"Tritium has a half life of just over twelve years."
"So?"
"So this here has decayed over the last twenty-two years, it is no longer two doses, not even quite one dose any longer."
"But better than nothing?"
"Yes, and though it is rare, tritium is readily available as a byproduct of nuclear fission, so we can get more, for the others."
"If it works on Carly."
"Yes. She's the guinea pig."
They sat in silence again until Pat looked at his watch. "She's had her hour, let's go back."
When they returned to her room Carly had fallen asleep once again, with her notebook and the journal, laying on the blanket covering her body. She had an eerie smile on her face. 
"Carly," Pat was gently rocking her shoulder. "Carly, you awake?"
She opened her eyes ever so slightly, the smile intensifying. "That nutty German doctor, he knew exactly what he was doing. Give me the serum, don't waste any time." Her eyes closed again as she drifted off.
"So what do we do now?" Pat asked Harold.
"We need to find a syringe and get everyone out of her room for five minutes. God, you have no idea how much I am putting on the line here. Fortunately the excitement that comes with a possible, breathtaking advancement in science, easily overwhelms any second thoughts."
"Let’s go."
Pat and Harold left Carly's room, reading the door plaques as they moved down the hall.
"Patient room."
"Patient room."
"Restroom.  Here, supply room."
Doctor Wilson looked around the hallway, which was crowded with hospital staff and visiting relatives. "I need a diversion, can you cause a commotion?" he asked Pat
Pat nodded his head and walked over towards the nurses’ station. As he neared the station he walked into an IV stand, knocking it over. Pat fell to the ground with the stand.  As the nurses rushed around him Doctor Wilson slipped into the supply room. 
A nurse held Pat's head in her hand and gently slapped his cheeks. "Mister, mister, are you all right?"
Pat did not respond.
"Jane! Hannah! Come over here, he’s out cold!"
Several other nurses rushed over to Pat, who opened his eyes, but said nothing. The nurses continued to work him over. Harold peered over the crowd at Pat, giving him a wink.
"Is everything all right?" the nurse repeated
"Yes, I'm all right. How clumsy of me, I'm sorry if I broke anything."
Pat stood up and grabbed a hold of Harold's arm. Harold nodded his head.
"You sure you’re all right?" a nurse asked.
"Yes, I am, thank you."
Pat and Harold returned to Carly's bedside.
"Can we be alone with her for a moment?" he asked, addressing the medical staff.
"She's in critical condition, I’m afraid we can’t leave the room," Doctor Swenson replied.
Pat looked around the room. "Do you mind if Doctor Wilson and I hold a prayer vigil for her?"
"That'll do more good than anything else we can do now, go ahead."
Pat and Harold walked over to the other side of her bed where the IV was hanging from a metal stand.  The plastic tube feeding the saline solution into a vein in Carly's arm was hanging below the bed, out of the view of the assembled doctors and nurses. They knelt beside the bed.  Pat looked up at the nurse and doctor  and they backed away from the bed, turning their backs and discussing the chart.  As Pat prayed out loud Doctor Wilson took the syringe from his pocket and filled it with serum from the vial.  He inserted it into the IV tubing and injected the serum into the line.
"Lord, you are probably wondering who I am.  I know it is wrong to wait and ask for your help without having ever thanked you for what I've already been given. But now, now that I have been given what I want, don’t let it be taken away from me. Don't fail me. Don't fail us. It's in your hands now."
EPILOG

Pat was sitting in the living room with his omnipresent laptop open, plinking the keys while Carly held Abby in her lap, cooing to her. "Ohhh, honey, you're so sweet. Nana is gonna take such good care of you while we're away." She turned to face Pat, "are you done with that yet? We have to get going soon."
"I’m sorry, but just a minute," Pat replied, his eyes glued to the screen. "This just doesn’t add up.  I have it from one source the fortune was worth seven billion back in 1975 when Adler inherited it. He had 3,456 contracts with women to have his children. They each got $25,000 up front, that’s roughly eighty-six million.  Over the course of six years I figure he wrote out about 100,000 checks for one thousand each, before the money dried up following his death, that’s one hundred million over six years.  Hell, that’s not even close to just the interest income on seven billion invested in lousy bonds. He never came close to touching the principal, and it could easily have doubled twice, or even three times over twenty-five years."
"So what?"
"What happened to all those billions and billions? Your share could be four, five, maybe ten million dollars."
"That money disappeared a quarter century ago."
"It may have disappeared but it’s not gone. It just needs to be found."
"Oh brother." Carly returned her attention to the baby in her lap. "Mommy and Daddy are going away for a week, honey-pie. We're flying away to a very special event in a place called Stockholm." She buried her nose in the baby's stomach and made her cooing sound again.
Susan walked into the room. "Come on kids, your cab is here, he's loaded the luggage, and you need to get going. Abby and I will be just fine while you're gone, don'cha worry about a thing."
"Okay, Mom. Thanks so much for watching her while we're gone," Carly said.
"I wouldn’t have it any other way," Susan said taking the baby from Carly. "Now get going."
"Shall we darling?" Pat asked, snapping his laptop shut and tucking it under his arm. Carly took his other arm and they walked up the two wide steps from the living room to the broad foyer. "Here, hold this a minute," he said, handing her the laptop as he walked over to a lit display case hanging prominently on the wall. 
He opened the glass door and blew a speck of dust off the gold medallion that was resting on a blue velvet easel. "Sorry Ben," he said, moving the shiny Pulitzer Prize medallion with Benjamin Franklin's profile cast in gold over to one side of the shelf.
"There, now we have room for Alfred, when we return from Sweden," he said, smiling at his prize winning wife.
