

SMOOTH CALL

By

Ken Kelly



Copyright 2013 Ken Kelly

Published on Smashwords

Formatted by eBooksMade4You



* * *

All rights reserved. Without limiting the rights under copyright reserved above, no part of this publication may be reproduced, stored in or introduced into a retrieval system, or transmitted, in any form, or by any means (electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise) without the prior written permission of both the copyright owner and the above publisher of this book.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, brands, media, and incidents are either the product of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously. The author acknowledges the trademarked status and trademark owners of various products referenced in this work of fiction, which have been used without permission. The publication/use of these trademarks is not authorized, associated with, or sponsored by the trademark owners.

Smashwords Edition License Notes

This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

* * *



CONTENTS

Prologue
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Glossary


* * *



Prologue


The door of the Metropolitan Correctional Institute, the downtown federal prison on Union Street in San Diego, swung open and Frank Salucci stepped into the morning sun. He was wearing the clothes he’d arrived in: a charcoal suit, black shoes, grey shirt, no tie and a pair of wrap around Oakley sunglasses.  He walked 18 or 20 yards, stopped, looked up at the sky and breathed deeply.  He’d been in prison for 30 months but it seemed like that many years.  Well, he was out now, and he planned to make the most of it.
Frank spotted Bobby Greco waiting on a sidewalk 50 yards further on.  Bobby waved and motioned Frank to walk over.  When he reached him the two friends shook hands and Frank thanked him for coming.  Then Frank said, “What are you doing way the hell over here, why didn’t you wait at the door?”
“A scruffy little guy in jeans and what looked like a uniform shirt came out and told me it was a restricted area and I couldn’t be there.”
“Yeah? People are milling around out there all the time, the guy was yanking your chain.  You should have put him on the deck.”
“I could have done that Frank,” said Bobby like he was instructing a school boy, “but then I wouldn’t be here to pick you up would I?    I’d be fleeing arrest and you’d be taking a cab. You’ve got to pick your battles Frankie.”

“What did I tell you about calling me Frankie?  Has your brain gone soft since I’ve been away at Club Fed?”
“No Frank, I was just running a test to see if you still had your edge.”
“Lose your edge in that joint and you’re dog meat.  You’re right about that little weasel though, no sense getting involved in his head games.”
Bobby waited a moment and then said, “You want to do anything in particular?”
“Yeah, I want to walk.  I thought about walking every day since I’ve been in.”
Bobby had no doubts that Frank held his own in prison.  He was a big guy and he was tough.  He was also smart.  After a couple of weeks inside he’d probably let it be known that he was connected.  He wouldn’t say what he did for the Mob, let people think the worst.  Everyone knew he was in for income tax evasion, the fall back charge the government used when they couldn’t prove what they really wanted to prove.
The truth was Frank was no more Mob connected than Justin Beaver.  He did have a distant relative who was rising through the ranks of organized crime but he and Frank didn’t get along.  Bobby met the guy at a wedding once and after the meal the guy pulled him aside.  As they stood watching Frank cut a rug with one of the bridesmaids, the man said, “I know you and Frank are partners – you’ve got some car washes, right?  If I were you, I’d shoot Frank or I’d shoot myself. Either way the partnership would be dissolved, and you’d be way ahead.”
Frank and Bobby walked up C Street to 5th Ave. then down 5th toward Harbor Boulevard, neither of them saying a thing.  Finally Bobby, tired of the silence, asked the question.
“How was it Frank?  Not much fun, I’d imagine.”
When Frank paused longer than needed Bobby knew he shouldn’t have asked.
“You imagined right,” said Frank as he stared straight ahead, not looking around much now.  “They showed movies in prison, every couple of weeks.  Not new releases, of course, but any movie was better than sitting in your cell.  One of the last ones I saw was “Vanilla Sky.”  You ever seen it?”
“I think so,” said Bobby, feeling the conversation was going somewhere beyond movies.  “With Tom Cruise and Carmen Diaz right?”
“Yeah, and Penelope Cruz.  The movie was a bit too surreal for me but there was a great line where Tom Cruise quotes his deceased father who said, ‘The answer to 49 out of 50 questions is money.’  You remember that?”
“No, not really. It’s been a long time since I’ve seen the movie.”
“I don’t know if I believe that or not but one thing I know is true, in prison the answer to 50 out of 50 questions is: like shit.  So if you have any questions about my little vacation you know the answer and you won’t have to ask.”
“Yeah alright Frank, I get it and, by the way, fuck you.  You don’t want me to ask about it just say so. ”
“I thought that’s what I just did.”
“Yeah, well next time spare me the parable.”
They walked in silence some more, this time Bobby was thankful for it.  Prison must have been worse then he thought.  He thought Frank would tell him how he’d handled things, how he took care of business and did his time.  But all he said was, “it’s like shit” and don’t bring it up.  Well, no worries there, he wouldn’t bring it up again and hoped no one else would either.
When they got close to where Bobby had parked he said, “I’m parked up here.”
Frank said, “Did you bring the Cadillac?”
“Yeah, I brought it.”


* * *



Chapter 1


Rick Mills drove up to the second floor of the Pechanga Casino’s North Parking Garage in a tow truck with “Ed’s Towing” painted on the doors. He parked in a spot with empty spaces on either side hoping for a smooth exit when he returned.  On the way to the stairs he noticed a blue Cadillac backed into a parking space ten or twelve cars down from his truck.  The plates read COOLCAD.   A cool Cadillac, Rick thought.  The owner must be a cool dude himself, or at least think so.
He walked down the stairs to the casino entrance and, once inside, past the slot machines, the customer assist windows, the box office, the high limit area, and the table games then up the escalator to the poker room.
The poker room doors opened automatically and he approached a high desk with a slanted top where two women sent players to the various poker games, or put them on an electronic board if there were no seats and they wanted to wait.
“Can I help you?” asked the older of the two women.
“Yes, do you have a two, five no limit hold ‘em game available?
“I think we do,” she said as he picked up a small microphone.  She twisted around so she could see the floor and spoke into the microphone, “Gary do you still have a seat open?”
A dealer nodded and the lady turned back around and said, ”Table 28.”
“Thanks,” said Rick as he headed toward the middle of the large room.  Table 28 was in an area slightly raised with brass railings to separate it from the rest of the floor.  This was where the larger games were played and even though 2,5 no limit was the smallest of the large games and Rick usually bought in for the minimum it still made him feel like a high roller every time he sat up there.
He got to the table and took the only seat available, number one next to the dealer, who had just finished dealing the first two cards of a new hand.  The first player to bet was Frank Salucci who had his car keys on the table.  Connected to the keys was a silver rectangle with COOLCAD spelled out in sequins and fake diamonds.  COOLCAD vanity plates, a piece of COOLCAD phony bling on his keys, the guy certainly wanted people to know what he rolled in, Rick thought.
Frank came in for a raise and the guy next to him called.  Then Gloria Hesselgrave, an attractive woman who worked as a nurse and played a lot of Texas hold’em, raised again.  Frank called as did the guy next to him.  The dealer dealt the burn card down, and then the flop which he turned over and spread out in front of him – 2 of hearts, 3 of spades, 6 of clubs – three to a straight.
Frank, and the guy next to him, checked.  Gloria  thought for a moment and bet.  Salucci called without hesitation and the guy next to him folded.  The dealer burned one and turned one, the ace of spades.  Somebody had to have a straight, Rick thought.  He hoped it was the lady.  This time Frank bet $100 and the lady raised him his last $55.  Frank called.
The last card was the four of diamonds.  Since there would be no more betting the dealer told the players to flip over their cards.
The lady turned over two red aces.  The ace on the board gave her a set of aces.
“I’ve got a straight!” Salucci yelled excitedly as he flipped over the 7 and 8 of hearts. “I’ve got a straight!
It normally takes a few seconds for people to react and it was momentarily quiet while the whole table contemplated the hands.  The dealer slowly turned the lady’s aces face down and started pushing the pot toward Salucci who scooped it up like a greedy child.  He began stacking his chips in the two racks before him as the dealer turned over the board cards.  That’s when everyone started talking at once.
“That wasn’t a straight, you were missing a 5.”
“You had nothing, she had 3 aces, she beat you.”
“Give her the money, it’s not your pot.”
But by this time Salucci had the chips racked and was headed for the cashiers cage.  A couple of floormen were trying to talk to him but his answer to all their questions was, “No, no, no!”
Gloria realized she’d been cheated the same time everyone at the table did, seven to ten seconds after it happened.  She realized that Salucci had acted fast, raking in her chips, stacking them in racks, and heading for the cashiers cage  because all though the hand he’d been planning his sly sneaky move.  If he made his inside straight he would have won but only an idiot would put that much money into a pot in hope that a five would fall. And Salucci wasn’t an idiot, that was obvious, he was a cheat.
Most of the floor men were gathered around Salucci listening to him proclaim his innocence, how he’d had the winning hand blah, blah, blah.  Gloria saw a large Indian watching the commotion from a distance.  He was a floor man, his grey suit and brass nameplate gave him away.
“Deal me out,” said Gloria as she stood up and walked toward him, her hands at her sides, balled into fists. “You know what that’s about?” she said, motioning with her chin at Salucci and the crowd around him.  “It’s about that guy stealing a five hundred dollar pot right out from under the nose of your dealer.  Of course no one else caught it either but no one else is being paid to catch it.  Isn’t that one of the reasons people come to play poker here, because the management keeps the games fair?  Keeps cheaters out?”
The floor man nodded his head but didn’t say anything. “We’ll isn’t it?”  Gloria was fighting to keep her voice down but her last comment turned a few heads.  “They’re not going to do anything about this are they?”
“Probably not.”
“Why?”
“Look at him.  He’s not going to voluntarily give up those chips.  The only way to get them would be to hold him down and take them and there are a lot of problems with that.  They might talk to him; tell him if he ever does it again they’ll ban him from the casino.  We’ll keep an eye on him from now one but that will probably be the extent of it.”
Gloria squeezed her fist tighter and said, “I feel like going over there and punching his lights out.”
“I know how you feel.  I might have come over the table right when he did it.  But what good would that do?  I’d be the one led off by security and turned over to the cops for starting a fight in a casino.  The same would happen to you if you were fast enough to give him a black eye and a bloody nose before he had a chance to put his chips down.  You’d spend a night in jail and he’d sue you for the injuries you inflicted on him and in the end it would cost you a lot more than the five hundred he stole from you.”
“I guess you’re right. It just pisses me off that he planned it, he did it to me, and he’s getting away with it.”
“Yeah, it’s a bummer, there’s no way of getting around that.”
“Well thanks for listening and letting me blow off some steam.”
“Happy to do it,” the big Indian said.  “It comes with the territory.”

Rick, who hadn’t bought any chips yet, made a decision and walked away from the table and out of the poker room.  He walked to the escalator, took it down to the ground floor and walked until he reached the exit near the north parking garage. Once outside he started a slow jog toward the parking garage.  He took the steps two at a time to the second floor and walked to the tow truck, passing the COOLCAD as he went.
He opened the truck’s door and quickly threw on his brown work jacket that said “Ed’s Towing” on the back and “Rick” in cursive writing over the left breast. He was pretty sure the card cheat wouldn’t recognize him. He hadn’t played a hand and was only at the table for five minutes or less.  He pulled on a San Diego Padres baseball cap and drove to where the Cadillac waited.
His cousin Ed, who was the owner of Ed’s Towing, always told all his drivers to get the vehicle hooked up first thing.  If you want to talk to the cop or pour a coffee from your thermos fine, but hook up first because once you got them hooked you know you’re getting paid.
Good advice, Rick thought.  He lined up in front of the Cadillac, got out of the cab and pulled the lever that tilted the bed down toward the front bumper of the car.  Another lever slid the bed toward the front wheels.  When the truck was in position Rick took the two hooks that were attached to the winch and hooked one under each side of the front axle.  Then he started to winch the car up.  When the car was on the bed and the bed was still tilted Salucci arrived.  He wasn’t happy.
“Hey, what the hell’s going on here?  What are you doing with my car?”
“Apparently you missed some payments sir.  Your car’s being repossessed.”
“What are you talking about, the car’s paid off.”
“You can work that out with the parties concerned but I still have to tow it.”
“Is that right?” said Salucci as he used his electronic key to unlock all four doors and the trunk.  Rick knew he’d head for the trunk and sadly Salucci didn’t disappoint him.
Rick knew from experience that using a fake gun could be dangerous.  When he was in college he’d pulled a lifelike toy gun on some other students who were hassling him outside a movie theater. The hassling stopped but later that night one of the students, who was half drunk and pissed off, walked into his dorm room with a real gun, put it to his head and roared, “no one pulls a gun on me!”
Fortunately, another student, a basketball player, heard the shouting and intervened.  He talked the gun away from Rick’s head and maybe kept him from becoming a corpse.
Still, it could be more dangerous to let this guy go to his trunk and pull out God knows what kind of weapon, so Rick reached into his jacket pocket and produced a good sized, heavy, businesslike pistol that could have been a Glock, or Beretta, or a Sig Saur but was, in reality, a pellet gun with the barrel bored out to make it look like a 9 mm or a .45 might come out of it.
“Back away from the car.”
Scalateri  saw the gun and stopped advancing , keeping a hard stare on Rick.
“Hey, tough guy, put away the evil eye and we can talk about your options.”
“Yeah, we can do that, ah…..Rick is it?  That’s what’s written on your jacket?  Let’s talk about my options and your future.  You don’t have much future left, Rick.”
“Why don’t you let me worry about my future. Now, do you want your car dropped here or do you want to pick it up in San Diego?  That’s what you need to concern yourself with now.
Salucci  stared and remained silent but Rick could tell his blood was boiling, probably because he was coming to the conclusion that it was going to cost him to get the car back.
“Alright, I’ll drop the car right here for the non-negotiable price of $600.  Or you can pick it up in San Diego.”
“So you want $600 to not tow my car.”
“That’s right.”
“It seems like the ‘not towing’ business is more lucrative than the towing business.”
“Sometimes.”
Salucci reached into his pocket and came out with a roll of bills.  He peeled off six one hundred dollar bills and handed them to Rick.
Rick walked over to the truck, pushed a lever, and watched as the Cadillac started a slow roll off the bed of the truck.   When it reached the floor and the cable was slack Rick said, “Move back twenty yards and keep in my line of sight.”
Salucci moved and Rick unhooked the cables from the front axle.  Salucci walked to his car, got in, and with a curse, a threat, and an obscene gesture, screeched out of the parking lot,
Rick finished securing the truck and headed for the top floor despite the fact that there were plenty of  parking spots on the floor he was on.  It was a long shot that Salucci would come looking for the truck but if he did Mills didn’t want to make it easy for him.
He walked down the wide open-air stairs and back into the north entrance of the casino.  Inside he walked by the rows of slot machines, with their lights and beeps, and dozens of customers, some casual gamblers, others slot machine zombies. He walked until he reached the escalator and then stepped on.
The minute he started up the escalator he saw her coming down.  She was beautiful, twice as beautiful standing up as she was sitting down.  Maybe because he could see more of her, as dumb as that sounded.   When they were almost eye to eye, he said, a little too loud, “Excuse me, can I talk to you?”
She gave him a cold stare. “About?”
“It’s very important,” he said as they passed each other, “just wait for me, I’ll be right down.”
When he got to the top of the top he made a quick U-turn and headed back down.  When the escalator reached the bottom she was nowhere in sight.  He felt a slight panic and then realized it wasn’t really a problem.  If she skipped out the $500 was his.  He certainly wasn’t going to try and track her down if she wasn’t interested in talking to him.
He heard a whistle and then another one.  He looked around and saw her sitting at one of the tables that surrounded the circular bar next the escalators.  She didn’t wave him over, which would have been nice, he thought.  But she had to be the whistler since there was no one else around, so he walked to her table.
She motioned with her hand to the chair across from her.
He sat down and she said, “I hope this doesn’t sound rude but I don’t know you and I don’t normally meet men on escalators so I talked to the bartender. He’s a friend of mine and he’s going to keep an eye on me.”
Rick looked up at the bar where a tall, bald, broad shouldered man in a white shirt and black tie was drying glasses.  He looked at Rick gave a slight smile and nodded.  Rick nodded back.  The guy seemed pleasant enough but was not someone you’d like to see come over the bar with malice in his eyes. “I don’t think it’s rude,” said Rick.  “I think it’s smart.  Prudent.”
“Good.  So, what can I do for you?”
Rick took the five hundred dollars out of his pocket and laid it on the table between them.  “I came to give you this money. I…” Rick stopped talking because the woman was staring at him like he’d thrown a dead fish on the table.
She said, “You think I’m a hooker?”
“What? No, why would I think that?  Why would you ask me that?”
“What am I supposed to think when a man I’ve only seen twice lays $500 on a table in a bar and says it’s for me?”
“You’ve seen me twice?”
“On the escalator just now and at that two, five game when that creep ripped me off.  You left without playing a hand.”
“You’re observant.  I didn’t think you’d remember me with all that was going on.”
“You can’t play winning poker if you’re not observant.  So what about the $500?”
“Well, believe it or not the card cheat willingly handed it over.” Rick then told her the rest of his north garage adventure.
When he finished Gloria waited a few seconds and then said, “It couldn’t have befallen on a nicer guy.”
“He’s a bit of a pill isn’t he?”
“Oh, yeah,” she said, “he’s the whole bottle.”
“It sounds like you know him.”
“Just from playing cards.  His name is Frank Salucci.  He’s a better than average card player who likes to irritate people.  Sometimes I think it’s the main reason he plays.  That’s the first time I’ve ever seen him cheat.”
Rick looked around the bar. “Why hasn’t anyone come to take a drink order?”
“Because I asked them not to.”
“Didn’t want to drink with the Escalator Stalker huh?”
“Something like that.  But I think I could make an exception if you want something.”
“No, I’m okay.”
“Look, can I take you out to dinner?  I owe you one.”
“You can take me out to dinner, but you don’t owe me anything.  I would have done the same thing for any hot female in your age bracket that wasn’t wearing a wedding ring.”
“Well I’m glad I made the cut.”
“You did, convincingly.”  Rick paused for a moment. “Actually I might have done it for the sheer pleasure of it.  I hate to see loud mouth tough guys trying to bully their way over people.  I’m just glad that this time I was lucky enough to be in a position to do something about it.”
“I’m glad too.”
Rick reached his hand across the table, “My name is Rick Mills.”
Gloria shook his hand and said, “Gloria Hesselgrave.”
They both smiled and then Gloria said, “When should we have our dinner?”
“Tomorrow night?”
“Okay.  What time?  Is seven good for you?”
“Perfect.”
“Alright.  Where?”
“Do you have any ideas?”
“Well I’ll be here tomorrow afternoon and then I’ll drive to San Diego.  I know a nice place in Escondido if you want to meet there. It breaks up the drive for me.”
“That works.”
”Alright, it’s Joe’s Garden Cuisine.  It’s on Grand Street.  You need directions?”
“No, I’ll Google it.”
“Okay, see you there at seven.”
“Deal.”


* * *



Chapter 2


The next morning Rick called his mechanic.
“Jet’s  Automotive.”
“Hey Jet, this is Rick Mills.  Tell me the good news.”
“You already know the good news dude, your car is totally fixable.  The bad news is that it won’t be ready until tomorrow at five.”
“Jett I’m disappointed, man.”
“I hear you but I have two mechanics out – one sick and one at a funeral in San Francisco.  But I can guarantee tomorrow at five – if the mechanics I have left show up.”
Rick called his cousin Ed who told him there was no problem with him keeping the truck for another couple of days.   Then he made himself some lunch and watched the news.

Gloria got to the Pechanga Casino at 1pm and got a seat in the two, five game.  By 5pm she was ahead $460 and was thinking about her dinner with Rick.  The thought was interrupted when she saw Salucci headed for an open seat at the table.  She thought about getting up but didn’t want to give him the satisfaction.  She looked at her watch and decided to leave by ten to six.  That would give her more than enough time to get to the restaurant.
Gloria had determined that she wouldn’t mention Frank’s semi-successful swindle.  Semi-successful because although Frank got the money it was hardly a secret, everyone knew he was cheating.  And he didn’t have the money for long, Gloria thought.  Thinking of that made her smile.
Gloria mucked the next ten hands in a row, including when she was the small and big blind, because she had nothing and most of the hands were raised.  Salucci played two hands: he saw the flop and folded the on first one, and bet all the way through on the second with a big bet on the river.  The guy he was up against, a solid player named Bill, believed he was beat and threw away his hand whereupon Salucci turned over his two cards showing four to a straight.  He gave a little grimace, looked at Bill, and said, “I guess you should have called, heh?”
“Good bluff, you win the money.  And even more important you impressed everyone with how clever and tough you are.  Wasn’t that impressive?” Bill said to the table.
A few of Bill’s friends answered sarcastically:
“Very impressive.”
“Really cool.”
“Macho move, macho man.”
“I’m sorry you feel that way,” said Salucci, but everyone knew he wasn’t.  He got up and talked to a floor man for five minutes.
“Don’t let that guy get to you,” said a man next to Bill.  “That’s his M.O. – he’s always looking to get under people’s skin.”
“Yeah, well, he’s good at it,” said Bill.
At a quarter to six Gloria got an ace, deuce of spades and called behind the opener.  When the action reached Salucci  he put in a small raise.  The opener and Gloria both called and the dealer burned a card and turned over a queen, five and eight, all spades.  Gloria had the best flush possible, and unless a full house or better turned up, she’d finish with the best hand.
The opener checked.  Gloria knew her best play was to bet but decided to check and put it in Salucci’s court.  Salucci bet sixty dollars, the opener folded and Gloria smooth called.  The dealer turned the king of hearts.  With the opener gone Gloria was first to act.  Time to bet, she pushed out one hundred and twenty.  Salucci thought for a minute and called.  The dealer turned over the last card, the four of spades.
Gloria bet another one hundred and twenty quickly hoping Salucci would read it as a bluff.  She really didn’t think he’d call and he didn’t but before he tossed in his cards he turned over the nine of spades, showing the table that he was folding a nine high flush because he knew Gloria had a higher flush.  Gloria thought for a second and decided to twist the knife.  It wasn’t professional and it wasn’t her style but the temptation overwhelmed her.
As the dealer pushed her the pot she flipped over the two of spades, put it on the face down ace and put a dollar chip on top for the dealer.  She grimaced, looked at Salucci and said, “I guess you should have called, heh?”
There were a couple of laughs, one of them from Bill.  “That’s sad,” he said while he shook his head.  “Throwing away the best hand like that, and even worse, letting the whole table know about it.  Trying to show everyone how smart and disciplined you are, able to lay down a good hand to a better hand only to find out that there was no better hand.  Your hand was the winner, or would have been if you called.  Wow, that’s got to hurt!”
Bill was looking at Salucci and could see he was getting to him.  “And, if that wasn’t enough, it’s the lady that you ripped off yesterday with that bogus straight who pushes you off the pot.  Unreal isn’t it?  It could have come right out of a movie script.”
Salucci, past his breaking point, jumped out of his seat and would have been on Bill in a matter of seconds if the man seated next to him hadn’t grabbed his belt and trousers and yanked him back into his seat.  “Take it easy,” he said to Salucci in a soft voice.  “He’s not doing anything to you that you haven’t done to him.”
Salucci sat back in his chair and stared at Bill as the dealer dealt the next hand.
“Deal me out,” Gloria told the dealer as she racked her chips.
Bill laughed and looked at the Salucci.  “Bummer,” he said as Gloria and her chips left for the cashier’s cage.  “You’re money’s gone.”
“I can always get yours.”
Bill reflected on this for a minute and then said, “Maybe, but I don’t think so.  I don’t think this is your day.”
Bill got up, exited the poker room, and walked down to the men’s room.  When he was finished he walked out and saw Gloria coming towards him, and in that moment made a decision.  When she was a couple of feet away he asked her if he could talk to her.
She stopped walking and said, “Sure.”
“Let’s walk over by the night club,” said Bill.
They walked around to “Silk,” which was closed until nightclubs come alive, and leaned against a rail with their backs toward the poker room door.
“This won’t take long,” said Bill.  “I retired from the San Diego Police Department eighteen months ago.  When I was on the force it was widely believed that Frank Salucci was a contract killer, a hit man.  Of course we couldn’t prove it so we could arrest him.  He was in federal prison for something like three years for tax evasion and he’s been out six months.  A friend in the department told me they believe he’s back in business.
“He’s not a movie assassin who offs people with a high powered rifle from the top of a skyscraper.  He just finds out where the target will be, usually leaving home in the morning or coming home at night, and shoots them.  Also he’s a weekend warrior – he’s not doing it full time.
“In any case my advice is to be careful.  I wouldn’t give him any more grief at the table, although that was funny as hell.”
“What about you, it seems to me you gave him more grief than I did.”
“I don’t think he’d try and kill an ex-cop because he knows the homicide detectives would work extra hard to find the killer.  And because of our history here he’d be a suspect.”

Two hands later Salucci lost $240 when the man who had pulled him back into his seat hit a flush on the river and beat Salucci’s queen high straight that he’d held from the flop.  Salucci threw his cards at the dealer, picked up his chips and left.  He was pissed off and he didn’t like it.  He pissed other people off, they didn’t piss him off.  Not when things went according to plan.
On the way down the escalator he saw Gloria sitting at the bar talking to the tall, bald bartender.   They talked like they knew each other well, friendly but not like lovers was Salucci’s guess.  He was curious so he took a table as far away from the bar as he could.  When a cocktail waitress showed up he gave her ten dollars and ordered a bourbon and coke.

Rick Mills rolled by Joe’s Italian Cuisine at 6:30pm and continued up Grand Avenue looking for a parking space, all of which seemed to be filled up with pre-1970 classic cars.  They were parked down the side streets as well, the streets blocked to regular traffic so the hot rods filled the whole street.
On the sidewalks some of the owners of the classic cars sat in folding chairs and talked about the days when men were men and cars were made in America.
Mills found a parking spot on Second Street and walked back to Grand.  A restaurant called Vinz seemed to be doing well, serving lots of guests seated outside at tables separated from the pedestrians by a waist high  iron fence.  Behind them, doing a brisk business, was a stand selling piazza by the slice.  There were food stands here and there on Grand and lots of people out to see the cars.   It was fun, Mills thought.  Everyone seemed happy.
Rick drifted down Grand toward Joe’s Italian Cuisine.  He checked his watch, fifteen minutes to seven, still plenty of time.  He stopped and asked one of the car owners why all the classic cars were in downtown Escondido.
“It’s called ‘Cruzin’ Grand’ and it happens every Friday night during the summer.”
“Are people trying to sell them?”
“A few, maybe.  Most people are just talking to the other owners and showing their cars. It’s no fun having a cherry ‘57 Chevy if it just sits in the garage.”
It was a couple of minutes before seven when Rick got to Joe’s.  Ten yards further down the block a car pulled out of a parking space and seconds later a white Pries pulled up and backed into the spot.  Gloria got out and stepped up to the side walk.
“Gloria Hesselgrave” Rick said when he saw her.
“Rick Mills,” said Gloria as she stepped forward and shook Rick’s hand, “my kept man for the evening.” Her eyes widened and her face got red.  She put her hand over her mouth and when she removed it she said, “Oh my God, I can’t believe I said that.”
“Whatever you said didn’t sound that bad.  Actually I didn’t really hear it.”
Gloria thought about lying but figured he’d catch it somehow.  “I said you were my kept man for the evening.”
Rick nodded.  “Okay,” he said.
“You know what a kept man is right? It’s a man that a woman takes care of financially and has sex with on a regular basis. Men have mistresses, women have kept men.”
“Sounds like a good gig.  When do we start?”
“Let’s keep it in the realm of the imaginary for now.  A girl can entertain a harmless fantasy can’t she?”
“Sure, if she wants to,” said Rick with a long face. “But I was getting interested, inspired even.”
Gloria looked at him and thought, he can’t be serious even though he looks serious.  Finally Rick grinned at her and she laughed.  “I don’t know if you bluff much when you play poker but you should.  You could make a believer out of anyone not holding a monster.”

The restaurant was small, four or five tables on each side and a few in the middle.  The waiter asked them if they’d like some wine and Gloria had a Chardonnay, Rick a glass of Merlot.
While they looked over the menus Gloria asked, “What do you do for a living Rick?”
“The short answer is I recently finished law school and I’ll take the bar exam the last week of July.  If I pass I’ll be a lawyer and then I’ll see if I can make a living at it.  In the meantime I drive a tow truck for Ed’s Towing.”
“That’s right, you told me that already.  You used the tow truck to extort that money from Frank Salucci.”
“I didn’t extort it, exactly.”
“I know, but it makes me feel good to say it.  He stole money from me and you extorted it back.”
“Glad to be a help.”
“How old are you, Rick?”
“Twenty five.  How about you?”
“A year younger.”
They sipped their wine until the waiter came and took their order: steak for Rick, salmon for Gloria.  They each ordered another glass of wine.
“Oh, I wanted to tell you, I had another run in today with our friend Salucci.”
“Oh really?   What happened?”
“I was playing in the same game at the Pechanga this afternoon and about fifteen minutes before I was going to leave he showed up and joined the game.  He irritated a few people and won a little but I didn’t get involved in any pots because I had nothing.  Then, on the last hand I was going to play, I got an Ace, deuce of spades.  There was a little raising and then the flop came, all spades, so I had the ace high flush.”
“Nice.”
“The opener bet sixty and I just called.  Salucci called behind me.  The next card was a small diamond that couldn’t help anyone.  The opener bet sixty again and I raised one hundred and twenty.  Salucci thought for a minute and then called.  The opener went away.  The last card was the queen of spades meaning anyone with a spade had a flush, a good hand that I had beat.  I bet one twenty again, trying to make it look like a bluff, but Salucci didn’t call.  When he folded he turned over the nine of spades, letting everyone know that he had a flush, but thought I had a higher flush.”
“And you turned over the deuce of spades?”
“Yeah, I couldn’t resist.  After that this guy named Bill really got on him to the point where Salucci tried to go after him over the table but this guy next to him, a retired NFL lineman I’ve heard, yanked him back into his seat.  I left but it was quite a scene.”
“I can imagine.”
“After I cashed out and left Bill stopped me on the way to the escalator and told me he was retired from the San Diego Police Department.  He said it was widely believed throughout the department that Salucci was a contract killer. They couldn’t prove it but during the time that Salucci was in federal prison the type of murders that might be hits went way down.”
“Wow, you think it’s true?”
“Yeah, I do.  Bill didn’t strike me as the type to make up stories.  On the other hand how could you be a hit man with a car that has ‘Cool Cad’ on the license plates?”
“Good question.”
The food came and the waiter left after telling them to call if they needed anything.  The steak and the fish were both good and they spent a few minutes enjoying their food.  Gloria was about to say something to Rick when the front door of the restaurant opened.  “Oh my God,” she gasped, “I can’t believe it.”
Rather than ask Gloria what she couldn’t believe, Rick turned to see Salucci stride into the restaurant and take a quick scan of the patrons. When he saw Gloria and Rick he waved, came to their table, and took a chair next to Gloria.   The waiter approached and Rick held up his hand.  “We won’t be needing anything, he’s not staying.”
“Not staying long,” Salucci clarified, “but I would like a bourbon and coke.”
“Any particular bourbon?”
“Knob Creek.”
“Make it Jim Beam,” said Rick, “and put it on a separate bill.”
The waiter nodded and walked off.
Salucci, with a self-satisfied look, said, “I knew you two were working together since the beginning.  Everything was too convenient, too many coincidences. I knew it but I didn’t know for sure, you know what I mean?  Until I followed little girlie girl here and found her having dinner with the shake down artist.”
“What’s your point, Salucci?” said Rick.  “What do you want?”
“Money.  I want money back from you and I want my money back from girlie girl here.  So we don’t have to do a lot of math, let’s call it $1000 each.”
“And when you don’t get it?”said Gloria.
“Oh, I’ll get it, there’s no doubt about that.  But if I don’t get it within three days from the both of you, well, there’ll be some grave consequences.”
“There could be grave consequences for you Frank,” Gloria said through her teeth.  “You ever think of that?”
Frank’s eyes widened.  He never imagined a woman turning a threat back on him like that.  Gloria reached over and picked up Rick’s steak knife with her left hand.  With her right she grabbed Salucci’s left leg and pulled it toward her until it hit the side of her chair.  In an instant Gloria had the serrated edge of the knife on Salucci’s upper thigh. She pressed down and pulled.
Salucci gasped when the blade cut through his pants leg and skin.  Gloria rested the knife flat on his leg near the cut.  She kept her palm on the handle, and said, “Do you know the difference between a vein and an artery, Salucci?”
Salucci looked down at the knife on his leg.  “I’m bleeding, damn it!”
“It’s not serious, not yet anyway.  Now pay attention and this will be over soon, one way or another.  A vein is a tubular vessel that carries blood from the capillaries to the heart.  An artery carries blood from the heart.  The heart pumps that blood out so it moves fast.  This knife is right over your femoral artery.  If I cut down into your leg, or even stab you in the leg, I’ll cut the femoral artery and your heart will pump out enough blood to kill you in five minutes.  Palomar hospital is right up the road.  You can just about see it from here but they couldn’t save you.  You’ll die right here on the floor of this restaurant.”
From across the table Rick watched Salucci’s face.  It was drained of color, as white as aspirin.
“So here is what we’re going to do.  We’re not going to pay you any money, not the money you stole and not the money you paid to not have your car towed.  You’re not ever going to sit down in a poker game that either of us is playing in, and you will never again call me girlie girl.  Now, does that work for you?”
“Yes,” said Salucci just as the waiter put down the bourbon and coke in front of him.  He picked it up and drained half of it, waited a second and finished it off.
“I think we’re through here,” said Gloria.
“Yeah,” said Salucci as he took a cloth napkin from the table and pressed it on the cut in his leg.  Rick noticed that some of the color had come back to his face and wondered if maybe bourbon and coke did that for you. Salucci looked at Gloria and Rick with cold eyes, trying to burn their features permanently into his memory.  “Thanks for the drink.  I’m not 100% sure, but I think it was Knob Creek,” he said, before he got up and walked out.
“Well, you’ve got to hand it to him,” said Rick.  “Cut, bleeding, worried about his femoral artery, and he still manages to stick us for his drink.”


* * *



Chapter 3


They sat in silence for a minute and then Rick asked for the knife.  Gloria passed it to him, her hand shaking slightly.  Rick pulled a crumpled paper napkin from his pocket and wiped the blade clean.  He put the knife on the table near the edge and a moment later moved his hand and knocked it to the floor.  A waiter moved quickly to pick it up and told Rick he’d bring him a new one right away.
“Wow,” said Rick, after a moment.
“Yeah,” said Gloria.
“You handled that pretty…decisively.”
“ I suppose. I didn’t know what else to do.  I hate people like that...bullies, creepy bastards.  I’d rather be dead than be pushed around by people like him.”
“Was that true what you said about the femoral artery?”
“Yes.”
“How did you know that?”
“I saw it on ‘NCIS’ or maybe ‘Law and Order’.”
“Come on.”
“It’s true.”
“How do you know about tubular vessels, arteries and capillaries?”
“I’m a nurse but I’ve never had to deal with anyone bleeding from severing a femoral artery.  I know it does happen though, in real life and in ‘Law and Order’.”
“You’re   a nurse?  I assumed you were a professional poker player.”
“I do play a lot of poker but I don’t consider myself a professional.”
“But you win money at it, right?”
“Yes.”
“A lot?”
“Enough to make it worthwhile.”
“Back to the femoral artery - what were the circumstances? In ‘Law and Order,’ not real life.
Gloria leaned forward and said, “I don’t remember the circumstances Rick, it was a TV show.  Now let me ask a question.  Did anyone ever tell you that it can be exasperating being asked question after question?”
“No, you’re the first.”
“Seriously?” she said, her eyebrows lifting.
“No, I’ve heard it before. After the first couple of hundred times I started to believe it might be true but it’s a hard habit to break.”
She laughed, “Well you’re not in denial, that’s a start.”
“Here’s a question on another subject.”
“Okay.”
“Did you talk to the casino when Salucci pulled his stunt?”
“I talked to one of the floor men and he explained why there was nothing they could do.  What he said made sense and besides it’s a moot point because this cool guy got the money back for me.”
Rick smiled.  “It worked out well for me too.  This beautiful woman took me out for dinner which was great except that she had to cut the leg of a suspected assassin and we’ll have to pay for his drink.”
“Oh well.”
“Want to go out on Grand and look at the cars?”
When the bill came Rick tried to take it, explaining that he’d charged Salucci an extra hundred because he was acting like a jerk.  “Jerk tax” he called it. But Gloria insisted and paid the bill.
“You can use that hundred for the second date, if you want,” she said.
“Deal.”

Out on Grand Avenue there were still plenty of classic cars.  They walked up and down the street looking at the cars and keeping an eye out for Salucci.  It was a natural thing to do but unnerving.  When they came to a bar called O. Sullivan’s Gloria said, “You want to go in for a beer?”
“Sure.”
They walked in, found a table, and sat across from each other.  Soon they each had a pint of Bass Ale in front of them.  Gloria took a long pull at her beer.  “I don’t mind telling you,” she said, “that shook me up.  I’m still shook up, I can’t believe it.”
“Yeah, it was pretty scary.  Especially for Salucci, I’d imagine, thinking he might be dead in five minutes.”
“I wasn’t really going to cut him a second time.”
“He didn’t know that though.  I think he thought you would and that’s why he didn’t struggle and why his face turned so white.”
“Did it?  That’s good.”
“When we were walking out there I found myself looking over my shoulder for Salucci or his car...”
“Me to, I...”
“It’s natural when something like this happens.  He might come after us but it won’t be tonight.  He’ll want to get that cut looked at and change his clothes.  And he won’t figure us to hang around once we’ve finished eating.”
“But we are hanging around.”
“Yes, but he won’t figure us to so he won’t be looking for us here.  He won’t be looking for us at all, he’ll be taking care of the cut. That’s my theory anyway.”
“Rick, I’m going to have another beer.  If I drink too much will you take care of me?”
“Sure, but how much is too much, on top of the wine at the restaurant and the beer you just had?”
“One more pint ought to do it.”
Another pint of “The World’s Finest Pale Ale,” and Rick concluded Gloria was a good judge of how much she could drink.  When they left O. Sullivan’s she took his upper arm in both her hands and leaned her head against his shoulder.
“I think I drank too much,” she said.
“I think you’re right.”
“I’m not worried about Salucci anymore.”
“That’s good.”
“He might come later though.”
“He might.”
“What are we going to do if he comes later?”
“I’ve got a couple of ideas.  Let’s talk about it tomorrow.”
“Okay.”
“There’s my truck, we have to cross the street.”
Rick helped Gloria into the passenger side then went around and got behind the wheel.  He drove over to Valley Parkway and down to City Center Drive, then up Grand to Gloria’s Prius.  Gloria was leaning back in her seat, her eyes closed.  “I’m going to hook up your car so I can drive you both home.”  Gloria didn’t respond so Rick said, “I’ll take that as a yes.”
“Yes, it’s a yes.”
Rick got out of the truck and started the process.  When he was just about done a policeman rolled up in his black and white.  “Everything all right?” he asked.
“Yeah,” said Rick. “A lady had a little too much to drink so called a towing service to get her home.”
“Wise lady,” said the cop as he drove off.
When the car was secure on the bed of the truck Rick climbed into the cab and pulled out.  He looked over at Gloria, smiled and said, “Where to?”
“I live in San Diego, can you take me there?”
“Of course, where else would I take you?”
“I don’t know.  You could drop me off in the middle of the Mojave Deseret and make me walk back.”  Gloria sighed and then started to cry softly.
Rick gave Gloria a quick look and then brought his eyes back to the road.  He said, “I don’t think that would work too well with the price of gas the way it is.  I could pull over here, let you out, and then meet you at your house.”
Gloria laughed.  “Probably shouldn’t do that either. I probably should just let you drive me home.”
“That sounds like the best choice.”
“I’m so sorry Rick for causing all this trouble.  For getting involved with Salucci, for letting him follow me to the restaurant, for getting him pissed off this afternoon.”
“Gloria, come on.  You’re not a special agent who’s trained to detect someone shadowing you.  It could have just as easily been me and I know I wouldn’t have noticed.  And remember, he’s   the one who got things started by cheeting you out of that pot.  Then I got him for $600 which I didn’t have to do, so maybe I’m second at fault behind him.  I don’t see where you’re responsible for all that much.”
“I cut through his clothes and skin in the restaurant and threatened his life.”
Rick raised his eyebrows and nodded.  “Yeah, well, there is that.”

Once Gloria gave him her address Rick punched it into the GPS and thirty five minutes later they were in front of her house.  He touched her shoulder, shook her lightly, and said, “We’re here.”
She woke up, yawned, and looked around like she was in a new place.  Finally everything came together.  “We’re here,” she said.
Rick smiled then looked behind him.  There was plenty of room to drop the Prius and he wondered if he should do it right away.
“I’m going to make a tea or a hot chocolate or something.  You want one?”
“Sure.  I’ll come up as soon as I drop your car.”
“Come on,” she said, and waved him in.  “You can do that later.”
Gloria took Rick’s arm, like she had before, and led him up the cement path to the house.  She opened the front door, reached in to turn on the lights, and guided Rick into the room.  “Nice,” he said as he looked around.  The house had a good sized living room and dining room.  The kitchen, right off the dining room, was good sized as well and had a dining room table with six chairs. The ceiling and all the walls were an off white and the carpet a light brown.
“You want to see the rest?”
“Sure,” said Rick, wanting to be polite.  He didn’t always want to tour people’s houses but always tried to look interested.  Then he thought maybe Gloria didn’t especially enjoy showing her house but was just being polite.  He knew it wasn’t impolite to not offer to show your house, at least he thought so. It’s probably alright either way.  So what was he worried about?  Let her show you the house.
The tour was quick, two and a half bathrooms, four bedrooms - hers, her roommate’s and a guest room and an office/workout room with a pull out couch for visitors.
Just then there was a screech outside that made Rick cringe.  Gloria pulled back the shade and looked out the window.  “It’s Fran my roommate.  Don’t say anything about me cutting Salucci, alright?”
Rick mimed pulling a zipper across his lips just as Fran made her entrance.   “Hi Gloria,” she said with a glance at Rick.”
She’s a looker, Rick thought.  Tall, about 5’10’, with a worked out body, her muscles strong but subtle – she wasn’t a bulk builder.  She had a pretty face and thick long blonde hair that fell from a pony tail on the top of her head.
“Rick, I’d like you to meet my roommate, Fran. Fran this is my friend Rick Mills.”
“Nice to meet you too Fran.”
“Nice to meet you to,” said Fran.  She looked in Rick’s eyes and it made him feel she meant it.  “Gloria, what is your car doing on the back of a tow truck?”
“I was just giving her a ride home,” said Rick.
“Well that’s one way to do it.”
Rick laughed. “I should get going,” he said.
Gloria came with him while he dropped the car and then gave him a hug.  “Here’s some gas money,” she said and handed him a twenty and a five.
Rick thought about refusing the money but he figured Gloria wasn’t going to have that.  Might as well save his breath and get some gas.

When Salucci left the restaurant he drove up Grand to the Palomar Hospital. He pulled up a ramp to the emergency room, drove past it and into the parking structure.  It was free parking, thank God.  Salucci hated to pay for parking.  At least once a year he took a group of people to a Chargers game and paid a bundle for tickets.  He’d spend at least $100 for beers and hotdogs but wait, first he had to pay too park.  Teen-aged mall crawlers could spend all day at the mall and buy nothing.  When they left they’d drive away in daddy’s car right out to the freeway without having to wait for the arm that goes up only after you pay. But go to a sporting event you’re going to pay to park. If you don’t like it, go to the mall.  It pissed Frank off, no end.
He parked and took the elevator to the emergency room.  The blood had run down his leg but you couldn’t see much because of his dark slacks.  The white cloth napkin was a totally different story; bright red blood was in abundance.  Salucci looked around and to his surprise the room was relatively unpopulated.  He limped up to the desk where a nurse, who looked to be about 40, sat behind a grey gun metal desk.  One look at her and Salucci knew she wasn’t someone you’d want to try to put one over on.
She stood up and looked at Salucci’s leg.  “How did that happen?”
That’s when Salucci realized he didn’t have a story. “I got cut,” he managed.
Salucci sensed that the nurse was going to catch him in a lie if he didn’t think of something.  The nurse squinted ever so slightly. “I can see that you’re cut but I want to know how you got cut.”
Salucci was in a spot that the truth would get him of, but if he told how the girl cut him the nurse would inform the police and the police would investigate, and he didn’t want that.
“It’s kind of embarrassing,” he said, trying to win a little sympathy.  “I was at my sister’s house for a family dinner and was showing my nephew the correct way to carve a stake from a limb. He’s a Boy Scout and everyone in his troop was supposed to make a lean to.  I don’t know what kind of wood the limb was but it was difficult to whittle.  I really had to push hard and the knife slipped off the wood and cut my leg.”
Frank gave the nurse the most sincere look he could muster and thought, that was my best shot babe, believe it or do what you have to do.  The nurse must have believed it because she gave him a form to fill out.  He showed his insurance card, sat in the waiting room fifteen minutes, and then got called back to see the doctor, a young guy in a lab coat and red tie.  The doctor had him take off his pants and looked at the wound.  “It’s not too deep,” he said, “and it looks like its stopped bleeding.  I’ll clean it up, stitch it, and you’ll be out of here.”
The doctor left and fifteen minutes later returned rolling a metal tray with the tools he’d need for the job.  “This is going to sting a little,” the doctor said right before cleaning the wound.
Sting a little? It stings like hell, Salucci thought.  The doctor gave him a shot for pain and disappeared again.  When he returned he put a dozen stitches and a bandage across the cut and told Salucci he was good to go.
“When do I have to return to have the stitches taken out?”
“You don’t, they’ll dissolve by themselves.”
Salucci shook his head and said, “What do you think of that?”  Then he walked tenderly to the elevator which took him up to his car.  He gingerly got in and headed home.  On the way he thought about what he was going to do to Rick the tow truck driver and his girlie-girl, girl friend.

A week after Gloria cut Salucci at Joe’s Garden Cuisine Rick and two of his longtime friends were having a few beers together in a place just outside the gas lamp district .  Rick Mills, Carl “Fast Eddie” Felson, and Jerry Hays had been friends since grade school and tried to get together every few weeks or so.  Hays was teasing Felson about his nick-name which came from the movie “The Hustler” where Paul Newman played a small time pool hustler named Fast Eddie Felson.
“Hey Jerry, give it a rest will you?  That movie was made at least twenty years before I was born.  I can’t help it if I have the same last name as some fictional character of the 1960’s.”
“Come on Carl, you have to admit that ‘Fast Eddie’ is a pretty cool handle.”
“You think so?”  Carl waited a few long seconds and then started his tale.  “I’ve got a cousin, who’s married to a Canadian girl and lives in Vancouver. Like a few others I could name,” Carl looked at Jerry who managed to keep a straight face, “he likes to call me ‘Fast Eddie,’ which is odd seeing his name is also Felson.
“I was up there a couple of summers ago and we were in some bar having a few beers.  Of course he’s calling me ‘Fast Eddie’ like he always did, and there are plenty of drunk Canuks around, some of them probably not all that friendly toward American’s.  There were four guys at a table near us who kept looking our way.  Three of them were about our age, and one looked to be in his fifties, old enough to be familiar with the ‘The Hustler.’
“When my cousin got up to use the can the three young guys come up, called me ‘Fast Eddie’ and told me they were going to take me outside and break my thumbs just like in the movie – a life imitates art situation.”
Carl knew how to get a lot of mileage out of a good story so he paused and let the silence build suspense.  Finally Jerry said, “So what happened?  Did they break your thumbs?”
Carl held up his hands, moved his thumbs rapidly, and said, “No.  Two of the guys pulled me up and started walking me toward the door.  The third guy was leading the way, walking right in front of me.  I’d just bought a pair of cowboy boots, the kind that come to a point, and I kicked the guy in front hard right between the legs, a direct hit.  He howled, grabbed his nuts and fell forward into a fetal position, eyes closed, crying and moaning, taking deep breaths.”
“One of the other guys went to help the fallen comrade and the third guy let go of my arm and just stood there like he didn’t know what to do.  My cousin came out of the john so I told the guy that he was a badass and warned him that the four of them should make themselves scarce.  It wasn’t really necessary though, I could tell that there was no fight left in them.”
“Is your cousin really a badass?” said Rick.
“No, not really, but they didn’t know that. And after what happened to their home boy they didn’t want to find out. But something really good came out of the incident – you know what it was?”
“Tell us,” said Jerry.
“From that day on my cousin calls me Carl, no more Fast Eddie which is appropriate since I’m not that fast at anything and I don’t have anything in common with Fast Eddie Felson, except a last name.  I don’t even play pool.”

They ordered another beer and talked some more. When Rick was half finished with his beer he said, “I’ve got to go, I have to work tomorrow.”
“Practicing law?”
“Driving a tow truck.  I’ve graduated from law school but I haven’t taken the bar.”
“When are you going to take it?” said Carl.
“End of July.  If I pass I’ll be a lawyer and might even get a job.”
“You’re a smart guy,” said Jerry.  “You’ll pass.”
“I hope so, but it’s a tough test.  It took Jerry Brown two tries, and Pete Wilson four.”
“How about Arnold Schwarzenegger, the Governator?  He defeated Wilson, right?” said Jerry.
Carl rubbed his chin like he was deep in thought.  “As I recall he took it once but failed.  At the time he said, ‘I’ll be back,’ but then he became Governor, and when that was over it was back to the movies.”
“I’m sure it was something like that. Hey, I’ll catch you guys later.”
Carl and Jerry raised their glasses.  “Yo,” they said as Rick walked out.
When he exited the bar Rick noticed a guy leaning against the wall, smoking a cigarette.  Another man, thirty yards down the street, pushed off a parked car and walked toward him.  At about ten yards the guy heading his way said, in a surprisingly polite and pleasant voice, “Excuse me, do you have the time?”
Rick kept walking, looked at his watch, and said, “Ten forty five.”
The man, who was a little taller and heavier than Rick, could see he had no intention of stopping so he stepped in front of him and pushed hard against his shoulders.  They timed it perfectly and as soon as Rick went back the man behind him wrapped his arms around him, pinning Rick’s arms to his sides.  His partner, who was wearing padded, fingerless gloves, went to work.
The first punch hit Rick in the right eye.  The guy was not only polite, thought Rick, he could punch.  Rick knew if he was going to yell now was the time, before his mouth began taking hits.  He let out a blood curdling cry for help and took a couple of punches while he waited to see if anyone had heard.  Right before the forth punch Carl, Jerry and a bartender came flying out of the bar.  Jerry had brought a bar stool and the bartender was carrying the thick end of a sawed off pool cue.
Seeing the situation change the assailants released Rick and ran.  Carl grabbed the shortened pool cue from the bartender’s hand and threw it at the fleeing men.  The cue traveled end over end like a tomahawk and hit the puncher in his upper back causing him to veer into a parking meter and crash to the ground.  It appeared that he and his partner didn’t have a no-man-left-behind policy because the cigarette smoker kept running and never looked back.  Carl ran over and picked up the pool cue.  He stood over the downed assailant and told him to stay where he was.
Jerry and the bartender helped Rick up, and the bartender picked up the stool. He called out to Carl, “Bring back that cue when you’re done and make sure it’s clean.”
“You got it Boss,” said Carl, his eyes never leaving the man stretched out on the sidewalk.
Jerry helped Rick walk to where the puncher laid on his back looking up.
“Who are you working for?” asked Rick.  “Who wanted me beat up?”
The puncher looked up at the three men and decided there were more good reasons to talk than not to, but first he’d test their resolve.  “I’ve got nothing to say.  I’m taking the fifth.”
“The fifth amendment is for the courtroom not for the street.  If you don’t want to talk we can’t make you but my friend here can go to work on your legs and ribs with his pool cue.  You up to that?” said Rick, with a nod toward Carl.
“Absolutely,” said Carl as he tapped the cue on the palm of his hand.
“Alright, “said the puncher, holding his hands up to let Carl know he wasn’t going to need the pool cue.  The guy who paid us was tall, about 6’ 3,” dark hair, brown eyes, wearing a light suit, no tie.  He didn’t give his name, which is not unusual in this type of work.  But he was driving a blue Cadillac with vanity plates that read COOLCAD.”
“Frank Salucci,” said Rick, to no one in particular.
“Whose Frank Salucci?” said Jerry.
“I’ll tell you later.”
“Can I get up?”
“Yeah, go ahead, but don’t go anywhere or…”
“Don’t worry, I got the picture.”
When the puncher was up, he said, “Something else you’ll want to know is that the guy, Salucci or whatever his name is, wanted us to beat up a girl named Gloria.  I told him we didn’t do girls but he probably hired someone else to do it.”
“Thanks,” said Rick. “Tell me, why are you volunteering this information?”
“I don’t like to see girls hurt. It might be too late but maybe you can do something for her.  I didn’t like the guy and his Cadillac. He struck me as a pompous, probably dangerous, jerk.  And I’d appreciate it if you let me walk without calling the cops.”
“I hadn’t thought that far ahead.  What do you guys think?”
“It’s your call,” said Jerry.  “He wasn’t pounding on our heads.”
“Okay dude, off you go.  You get a free pass this time.”
“Thanks man, I owe you one,” he said as he fished a scrap of paper and a pen out of his pocket, wrote his name and phone number, and handed it to Rick.
“If there’s ever anything I can help you with give me a call. Any type of work at all, not just mashing people. I appreciate that you’re not calling the cops, most people would.”
Rick looked at the scrap of paper.  “All right Earl Riely, I call if I need you.  What kind of work do you do?”
“I’m an actor, in a manner of speaking.  I’ve had enough work so I could join the Screen Actors Guild and pay dues.  I collected a little unemployment after I worked in a couple of commercials and a TV show.  I can do handyman work, yard work, car maintenance.”
“By the way, how did you know who you were supposed to work over?”
“The Caddy man showed us a picture.”
Rick scratched his head, “How did he get a picture of me?  I was never around him for very long.”
“Maybe he got one with his phone.  Maybe he lifted it off Facebook.  Maybe he hired someone to take a long range shot.  There are a lot of ways to get a picture these days.  And if you’re wondering how we knew where you were, he told us that too.”
Rick and Earl took off in different directions and Carl and Jerry went back into the bar where their beers waited.  When they were seated Jerry said, “That was quite a throw with the sawed off pool cue.”
“Lucky shot.”
“I don’t know.  Maybe ‘Fast Eddie’ is not such an inappropriate moniker after all.”
Carl did his deep thought routine.  Finally he said, “You could be right, Jerry, you could be right.”
Jerry laughed and then Carl started laughing.  They laughed until it was hard to stop.

Rick called Gloria from the tow truck.
“Hello.”
“Hi Gloria, it’s me Rick.  Sorry to call so late.”
“That’s alright, what’s up?”
Rick explained what happened and what Earl had said about Salucci’s plans for Gloria.
“Well first off, are you alright?”
“Yeah, my boys rescued me before any real damage occurred.”
“That’s good, and we’ll be on the lookout.”
“You might want to have your phone set to speed dial 911.”
“I will.  Thanks for the heads up.”


* * *



Chapter 4


Rick called in sick the next morning.  The day after he decided he was feeling good enough to drive up to Pechanga to play poker for a couple of hours.  Rick was a once in awhile player and had never been at a table where there was a jackpot.  In most card rooms four of a kind or better had to beat Aces full of tens or better to qualify for a jackpot.  Pechanga had this type of jackpot but also had one that required four jacks or better to be beaten. This, of course, was harder to do and so the jackpot size tended to be a lot bigger.
After an hour of non-playable hands Rick got pocket kings and the flop – king of spades, and the 9 and 10 of hearts - gave him three kings. The turn card was a rag and Rick bet his three kings and got two callers.  The last card was the king of hearts giving Rick four kings but also making a straight flush for a player who held the queen, and jack or hearts.  Rick lost $357, all his chips, in the hand, and didn’t realize he’d won the jackpot until the guy next to him said, “you just won 30% of $229,189.”
“I guess I shouldn’t feel quite so bad about a $357 loss then.”
“No.  I’d say you should feel extremely good about it and lucky as hell.”
Rick played a few more hands then cashed out and went down to the bar and sat at the same table where he’d met Gloria and given her the $500.  He called her up and told her he’d just had 4 kings beat by a straight flush and his share of the jackpot was $68,756.  He asked her if she’d like to go out and celebrate and she said she had planned to cook at home, how about if they celebrated there.  That sounded good to Rick.
It took him just under an hour to get the tow truck to Gloria’s house.  On the way he thought about how Salucci was responsible for his big win.  If Frank hadn’t hired Earl the actor to work him over he’d have been driving a tow truck instead of playing poker at Pechanga and wouldn’t have won the jackpot.   So without Frank he wouldn’t have won almost $70,000 and would have never met Gloria.  Right before turning onto Gloria’s street Rick pumped his fist and said, “Frank, you’re the man!”
Rick parked, walked to the door, and rang the bell.  Fran opened the door and Rick walked in.  She gave him a hug.  “Congratulations,” she said, ”Gloria told me you won a bad beat jackpot of almost $70,000.”
“Yeah, $68,756.”
“Well good for you, I’m happy for you.”
“Thanks, I’m happy too I must admit.  It makes the near future look a little brighter.”
“Come in,” said Fran and led him into the living room.  Gloria was in the kitchen working on something.  Rick walked in, put his arms around her from behind, and kissed her neck.
“That feels nice,” she said as her hands kept busy at the stove.  “Go in and have a seat, I’ll be in soon.”
Rick walked back into the living room and took a seat on the other end of the couch from Fran.  “How long have you and Gloria been roommates Fran?”
“Housemates actually, we each have our own room.”
Rick gave her a slight smile and said, “Right.  How long have you been housemates?  That’s what I meant to say.”
“A little over a year.”
“Gloria’s told me a bit about you and it’s all been good.”
“It’s probably true then.”
“It sounded true when she told me and you haven’t given me any reason to disbelieve her, at least not yet.”
Fran raised her eyebrows slightly.  She noticed Rick was still wearing the same understated smile.  She looked toward the kitchen, raised her voice and said, “Gloria, do you realize you’ve left me in here with a cheeky sort?”
“Sorry, you want to trade places?”
“No, I think I can handle it.”
“I have no doubt you can,” said Rick.  “And I’m sorry I sounded like a cheeky sort.”
“No worries.  Anyway I was just kidding, sort of.”
Fran and Rick both smiled this time and Rick let out an inaudible sigh of relief.  He didn’t want to get on the wrong side of Gloria’s housemate, especially one who might be capable of tossing him out of the house.”
Still smiling, Fran said, “I’m going to get a beer, do you want one?”
“Yes, thanks.”
“Do you want a beer, Gloria?” Fran asked as she walked into the kitchen.
“Later.”
Fran got two bottles of beer from the refrigerator and opened them.  She brought them out and set one on the coffee table in front of Rick.  “Sierra Nevada,” he said, “one of my all time favorite beers.”
“Me too,” said Fran as she tilted her head and took a drink.
Gloria came out and set celery sticks and little carrots and a bowl full of dip.  She put it on the coffee table and went to the refrigerator and got a beer.  Then she came and sat across from Rick.  “Did Fran tell you about the little excitement we had early this morning?”
“No,” said Fran, “I was saving it for you.”
Rick looked at Gloria and waited.
“Those guys you said might show up? They showed up.  They parked down the street and while one tried to get in the back door, the other worked on the front.    The dogs barking woke us up and we saw the guy in back through a window.  He couldn’t get in so he went around the front to help the other guy.  Fran got a base ball bat, and I picked up a cast iron frying pan.  We went out the back and let Rocky out of his cage.”
“The chow?”
“Yeah.  I put him on a long leash and we came around the corner and got behind them. Before they realized what was happening Rocky had a leg in his mouth and Fran wacked the other thug hard across his butt.  I pulled Rocky off the first guy and yelled for them to sit down which they did.  The guy that got bit was crying and blubbering and Rocky kept barking at both of them like he wanted to rip out their throats.  I forgot how scary that dog can be.”
“Did they tell you who sent them.”
“They wouldn’t at first but then Fran started her crazy act.”
Fran said, “Last night I put on a lot of black eye makeup.  By the time the jerks arrived at 4am I had two black eyes and black streaks running down my face.”
“She looked frightening,” said Gloria. “Then she started yelling for me to break some bones with the frying pans, saying it was self defense.  Every time she’d yell she’d fake a swing with the bat.  Then she said to give her the pan, and she’d start breaking knees.  When I handed her the frying pan they started talking.”
“Don’t tell me, it was Frank Salucci.”
“The guy in a blue Cadillac with the COOLCAD plates,” said Gloria.  “That Salucci had got to be crazy.  Does all this criminal stuff, doesn’t give his name, but let’s everyone see his COOLCAD plates.  He reminds me of Zorro, carving a Z everywhere he goes.”
“Did you tell the cops about Frank?”
“Yeah, we told them everything.”
“What happened to the would be attackers?”
“The cops took them down to the station.  We might have to go down and press charges.”
“Once that’s done you want to come with me to Vegas?”
“Hummm.  It sounds appealing.”
“Well, let me state the advantages.”
“Alright councilor.”
“Okay, I got a call from my cousin who wants me to tow a classic car out to Las Vegas.  He said I could keep the tow truck out there for up to five days if I wanted.  So the gas and one night at a hotel will be paid for.  Now, as you know I just won a bundle due to my world class poker skills…”
Gloria laughed, “I imagine you’ll be on the next cover of ‘Card Player Magazine’.”
“Yeah, I’ve set an appointment with them for a photo shoot.  They want to do it in Vegas.  Anyway I budgeted most of the money I won in a responsible manner and set aside a few thousand for irresponsible use.  My theory is if you come into a bunch of money you’ll enjoy it more if you blow a little of it.
“Also I think we’d be wise to get out of San Diego while the police investigate Frank Salucci.  And since I’m towing a car to Las Vegas, which can be a pretty fun place, I think it would be nice if you came too.”
“That’s nice of you to ask me,” said Gloria.
“What do you think?  Do you think you can go?”
“If I can get off work, which I should be able to.”
“Great.”
“I’m going in this afternoon so I’ll find out then.  I’ll call you tomorrow and  let you know.”
“Great,” said Rick.

When she got into work that afternoon Gloria asked about getting the days off.
“You’ve got vacation days right?” said her supervisor.
“Yes, about 15 or 18 days.”
“Shouldn’t be a problem then, have fun.”

The next morning Gloria called Rick with the news.  “I’ve got the time off – when do we go?”
“Tomorrow.  I’m scheduled to pick up the car in Escondido at 10;30.  I can pick you up at 9:30.”
“You could, unless you’d like to spend the night.”
“Now that’s an idea!”
“Come at seven and we can have dinner together.”
“I’ll be there.  Can I bring some wine?”
“That would be nice.”

At 6:55 Gloria looked out the kitchen window when she heard the tow truck rumble up to the curb.  Rick cut the engine and jumped out of the truck and headed toward the house carrying a medium sized roller bag in one hand and a bottle of wine in the other.  He was dressed casual but nice, Gloria noticed, in a pressed shirt, green Dockers and reddish brown penny loafers.
Gloria opened the door before he could ring the bell.  “Come in,” she said and closed the door behind her.  She stepped back and looked at him. “You look nice.”
“Thank you. I was going for nice, but not too nice to drive a tow truck.  You look gorgeous.  Every time I’ve seen you Gloria, you look great, beautiful, stunning, drop dead gorgeous.”
“You haven’t seen me that many times.”
“I’ve seen enough to know that you look fantastic and probably will for at least the next 50 years.”
“Okay, I’ll take your word for it.  Would you like a glass of wine before dinner?”
“Yes.”

While Gloria opened and poured the wine Rick studied the framed photos hanging on the hallway wall, just inside the front door.  There was what looked like a family shot, probably a few years old, with Gloria and her parents and a younger brother and sister.  Then there were single shots of each of them and group shots with others.  Gloria looked like her mother who had a big smile and long hair with braids entwined with ribbons here and there.
“Come and help me set the table,” said Gloria as she draped a white linen cloth over the kitchen table.  She handed Rick a glass of wine and directed him to the proper cupboards and drawers and he brought out the plates, knives, forks and spoons.  Finally Gloria set out the food: pork chops, baked potatoes, snap peas and carrots.
When the food was served Rick cut a cross on top of his potato, pressed the  sides and then the ends and used a knife to push in a large slab of butter.  Then he took a fork full, put it in his mouth, closed his eyes, chewed and swallowed.  He opened his eyes, looked at Gloria and said, “Baked potatoes are one of my all time favorite foods and this one is a great one.”
Gloria smiled and said, “I’m glad you like it.  I could tell you did when you closed your eyes.  I thought you might have had a spiritual experience.”
“Close,” said Rick.  “As close as I’ve ever gotten from the first bite of a baked potato.”
They ate in silence for awhile and then Rick asked, “Are the pictures on the wall mostly of your family.”
“Yes.  The guy and the girl that look about the same age are my brother and sister.  They’re twins and they live with my dad in New York City.  My dad’s the guy sitting with all his instruments and with us in the family photos.  My mom’s the one with the big smile and the hippie outfits.  She died of cancer three years ago.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I don’t think she was.  She had a great attitude through it all.  I hope I can do as well when it’s my time to go.  On her last day she laughed and said, “It’s really not a big deal, it happens to everybody.”
“She sounds like a character.”
“She was.  She was a real non-conformist but not the ‘in your face’ kind.  She did a lot of crazy stuff but usually just to entertain people or herself.  Like her clothes.  She just liked the hippy look and style.  If there was a black tie affair she had clothes that made her look like an elegant gypsy and she’d fit right in with the tuxes and gowns.
“She never touched dope, smoked weed, or did psychedelics, at least not after college.    She tried some then, she told me, but that was the end of it for her.  Her stance was, ‘Most drugs are bad for you and all of them are illegal, so try to find something else that’s fun and legal.’  Sometimes she’d add...’like sex!’
“She was a great mom and I loved her a lot and I miss her, but life goes on.”
“Did the rest of your family move to New York after she died?”
“Yes, six months later. My dad was from New York originally and he found a good job there.  He’s a musician and the job was long term, which can be rare in the music business.  The twins could have stayed with me but they went to New York, which I think was a good thing.  Kids have to listen to their parents but not necessarily their older sister.
“They’re in college now.  They’ve got partial scholarships and my poker money helps them.  I didn’t want them to get to into student loans, with anybody but me that is, if they don’t have to.”
“Those student loans can be a bear,” said Rick, “especially the paying off part.  I’ve got my college loans paid off, thanks to a lot of hours behind the wheel of a tow truck, but I still have law school loans to work on.  That bad beat jack pot will put a big dent in it.”
“Good for you.  I knew you were a smart guy.”
“What’s your student loan situation?” asked Rick.  “If you don’t mind me asking.  If you do just tell me to buzz off – I won’t mind.”
Gloria smiled.  “No need to buzz off yet.  It took a couple of years but I got it paid off.  It’s interesting about those student loans, I think they kept me in college.  A couple of times I almost dropped out but I knew if I did I’d have to start paying the loan.  So I stuck it out and I’m glad I did.  You want some desert?”
“Sure.”
“Aren’t you going to ask what it is?”
“I’ve got faith in you baby.”
Gloria smiled, went to the refrigerator, and returned with two Champaign glasses filled with a chocolate pudding-like substance.  She set one in front of Rick and said, “It’s chocolate mousse – I hope you like it.”
“I will, it’s one of my favorites.”
“Like baked potatoes?”
“Yes, but in a different category.”
“When the twins graduate and start paying me back I’ll probably use the money to start and IRA for them.  Of course they don’t know that but they do know that if they drop out of college they have to start paying back the loan so hopefully they’ll stick with it.”
“Do they like college?”
“I think so.  The both get mostly A’s with a few B’s.”
“How did you do when you were in college?”
“I was a wiz kid, I got all A’s.”
“All A’s, that’s something.”
“There was one professor who was going to give me a B but one of his colleagues talked him out of it.  He told him, ‘Listen, she doesn’t do B’s.  You give her a B and everybody’s going to know it’s because you don’t like her, or she wasn’t interested in your sexual advances, or the list goes on.  She could go to that new disciplinary board, the one with professors and students, and show them the work from your class, work that no doubt warrants an A, and tell them you gave her a B because…and she could choose any one of a dozen reasons, all of which would spell disaster for you.  Believe me, you’ll rue the day you became the first professor to give that girl something other than an A.’  Anyway the other professor laid in on pretty heavy and the guy saw the light. “
“Was that the reason he was going to give you a B, because you wouldn’t...”
“No.  I wouldn’t have if he ever asked me but he never did.  The school was watching him, I found out, because he had a history of that sort of thing.  He actually married one of his students, probably one he used the sex for grades formula on.”
“I guess she didn’t mind,” said Rick.
“Apparently not, but he’ll be in a compromised position for as long as he’s teaching.  Any female student can tell the disciplinary board that he tried to use grades to get sex and they’d most likely believe her, and then the professor would have more time to spend with his young wife because he’d be fired.”
“Do you think he’s still running the same scheme?”
“No.  His overseers are watching him like spies in the cold war and his wife is probably keeping him on a tight leash.  From what I understand she’s quite the hottie and likely to stay that way for a while.  He’s got a hot wife, a cushy job – why risk it?
“That makes sense.  But why did he want to give you a B?”
“I corrected him in class.  He said something that was wrong and I pointed it out.  I think when I did he suspected I was right but instead of just admitting it and moving on he said real sarcastically, ‘I guess we’ll have to look that up, Ms. Hesselgrave.’

“So then Greg Wheeler, this redheaded guy I think had the hots for me – I kind of liked him too – pulled up the answer on his laptop and read it to the class.  If the professor had been the King of England he probably would have had both of us beheaded immediately.
“What if he had given you the B, what would you have done?”
“Nothing.  It wouldn’t have made a difference to me.  The reason I got all A’s was because I was interested in the classes and I applied myself.  I enjoyed the work, the grades were just a byproduct.  Now you tell me, what were your grades like?”
“B’s and C’s.  Actually I should say C’s and B’s – more C’s then B’s.  I think I got two A’s in the four years I was there, and one D which was a bummer because I had to take the class over.”
“If you had to do it over again would you do it differently?”
“Well, I wouldn’t have gotten a D in that course.  I’d like to say I would study harder but I probably wouldn’t.  I’ve heard the theory that corporations and businesses use college as a screening process.  They figure if someone got through college they have enough brains and stick-to-itiveness for them to take a chance on.  When the recruiters came around toward the end of our senior year they hired a number of people, some with really high grades and some with okay grades.  As far as I know they all started at the same pay scale.
“How about you, would you do anything differently?”
“I think I would have partied a little more, had some more fun, and got a few B’s.”
“Getting all A’s for four years is quite and an accomplishment though.  Impressive.”
“You’re the only person I’ve told that to since I graduated.”
“Really? Why?”
“Nobody wants to know.  Why would they?  Besides me who was the last person you talked to about your grade point average since you graduated from college?”
“I think I had to show my transcripts when I applied for law school.”
“And they let you in right?”
“I wasn’t applying to Harvard Law but, yeah, they let me in.  And you’re right, besides filling out law school applications I’ve never told anyone since I graduated from college.”


* * *



Chapter 5


When dinner was done and they were just getting started on the dishes the front door opened and Fran stepped into the room.  She was wearing brown boots, blue jeans and a yellow and blue blouse with spaghetti straps, and she was carrying a Trader Joe’s bag in each hand.  She looked over her shoulder, put her foot on the door, and pushed it just hard enough to close it
“Hi,” she said, ”how’s everything?”
“Okay,” Rick and Gloria said simultaneously
“Gloria, I hate to ask you this but do you have any dinner left?”
“Sure, help yourself.”
Fran got a plate and filled it up.  “Can I sit here?”
“It’s all yours,” said Gloria, “we’re finished.  What’s the matter, you seem kind of wound up.”
“I had a problem at work.”
“And?” said Gloria, spreading her hands and raising her eyebrows.
“And I might lose my job over it.”  Fran cut off a piece of pork chop and started chewing.
“What happened? Did it involve Finch?”
“Who else?”  Fran said around the food in her mouth.
Gloria, and then Rick, pulled up a seat at the table.  “Randolph Finch is the chief resident at the hospital where we work,” said Fran.  Rick nodded like he knew what a chief resident was.
“And to my chagrin,” said Fran, “before I knew much about him I brought him here for a night of very non-blissful sex.  That was six months ago and, like a high school sophomore who got laid for the first time, he can’t stop talking about it.  Anyway, today was my ‘I can’t take it anymore’ day.  If you’d have been there Gloria, maybe you could have talked me out of it, but it was going to happen sooner or later.”
“What was going to happen?  What did you do?”
“When I went into the cafeteria for lunch Finch and a couple of his resident buddies were already there.  When they saw me they started smirking and laughing I lost it.  I thought hey I’m a grown woman, I’m a nurse,  I’m trying to help people here.  I don’t have to put up with this.  I’m going to give the dear doctor something to think about.
“So I bought two bowls of chili and crumpled a bunch of crackers in them.  Then I poured in a little Mountain Dew - I didn’t want to burn the bastard - and filled up a large glass of Coke.  I put it all on a tray I walked up to his table and pretended, probably not too convincingly, to trip.  The chili and the coke hit him chest high.  Some of it splattered up in his face but most ran down to his lap and down his legs.
“He was horrified.  I don’t think he ever considered there might be consequences to his smirks and stories.  He was real upset and started to get up.  I told him to stay down or I’d hit him so hard he’d weep and piss his pants at the same time.  He didn’t listen and kept coming so I hit him hard in the solar plexus and he collapsed back into the chair and didn’t get back up again.  I told his buddies that it would be good to keep it quiet.  Dr. Finch, I told them, is not going to want it spread around that he got his ass kicked by a woman and that it only took one punch.”
“That’s true,” said Gloria, “so probably nothing more is going to come of it.  Finch will probably let it die a peaceful death.”
“Hopefully.  But he knows I’ve been taking kickboxing classes and he could say I sucker punched him, embarrassed him in front of his friends, ruined his clothes, and threatened him, all of which is more or less true.  Plus he could throw in a few lies and have his disciples swear they’re true.”
“Fran is this guy married?” said Rick.
“I didn’t know it when I had him over here but, yeah, he is.”
“How did you find out?”
“One of the administrators told me about it.  He pulled the same thing on her and is still talking about it when he’s not talking about me.”
Rick said, “You should have your lawyer talk to him right away.  Tell him something along the lines of he can expect to be sued for sexual harassment, libel and defamation of character.  Tell him that there are two plaintiffs at present but there are probably more and it might turn into a class action suit.  His friends will be put on the stand, and after a warning about the punishment administered to perjurers, they’ll be asked if Dr. Finch made it a habit to brag about his sexual conquests of women who worked at the hospital.  He’ll be asked if he informed the women he had sex with that he was married.  What will his wife think of all this?  It will probably be pretty hard on her not to mention embarrassing.
“Your lawyer could ask him a few more questions that will put the fear of God in him.  Of course the whole idea is to help him get rid of any thought of retaliation.  A five minute chat in the parking lot or the lunch room would do the job.”
“The parking lot would be better, with a little luck nobody would see it – he wouldn’t have to play to anyone.”
“The parking lot then.  Get him when he comes to work.”
“He starts work at 8am so probably arrives at 7:45am.  He drives a silver 2011 BMW.  I don’t know the model but it’s one of the smaller ones.”
“All you have to do is get your lawyer on it.  The sooner the better, before he puts together a sinister plan designed to get you fired.”
Fran looked sheepishly at Rick and said, “I don’t have a lawyer.  I’ve never needed one before and, to be honest, I can’t afford one.”
“Oh.”
They were all quiet for a moment and then Gloria said, “You could do it Rick.  You’re a lawyer.”
“Not until I pass the bar exam.”
“But you’ll be taking it soon, right?”
“Yes, but I can’t practice until I’ve passed, just like you couldn’t practice nursing until you graduated from nursing school.”
“You’ve graduated from law school,” said Fran.
“The both of you are hopeless,” said Rick, “but alright, against my better judgment, I’ll do it.  A quick shakedown in a parking lot, both illegal and pro bono, will be my first act as a ‘sort of attorney.’  There’s no way but up from here.”
Rick thought for a moment and then said, “One of you is going to have to come with me to point this doc out.  I’m not giving the spiel to the wrong guy.  Also I’ve got to get a suit and tie.”
“I’ll do it if you want,” said Fran.  “Just give me the keys and the address.  It’s in La Jolla right?”
“Yes.  You don’t mind because I could do it?”
“I’m happy to do it.  After all you wouldn’t need the clothes if it wasn’t for me.”
Rick gave her the keys and explained how to get there and where to locate the clothes.
“Who’s going to go with me tomorrow and point the guy out?” said Rick.
“I will, unless you want to Gloria.”
“No, you do it.”
Fran said, “As soon as I finish eating I’ll head for your house and get your clothes.  If we leave tomorrow at 7am will have plenty of time to catch Finch.”
“Okay, I’ll be ready.  Oh yeah, bring a white shirt too please. Leave the suit and the rest draped over the couch and I’ll get.”
When Rick and Gloria got into bed she said, “That was nice of you to offer to do that for Fran.”
“I can’t claim much credit after the arm twisting the two of you applied.”
“We were a little shameless I suppose.  Sorry about that.”
“No worries.  If I really didn’t want to do it I wouldn’t have.  Actually, in a way, I’m looking forward to it.”

Frank called Bobby at 8:15 am.
“What are you up to today?”
“I’m going to show my face at our places of business, all three of them.  Make sure we’re still washing cars.”
“Why do you bother?  We get reports once a week, everything’s fine.”
“If ownership doesn’t show interest in the business pretty soon the employees won’t either.”
“Where did you learn that, in one of your NBA night courses?”
“It’s MBA night courses.”
“I knew that.”
“Oh really?  What does it stand for?”
“National Basketball Association.”
“Very funny Frank.  But I didn’t learn it in a night course, I read it in a novel called ‘Strip’ by Thomas Perry.”
“And you believed it?”
“Why not? It makes sense.”
“Did the guy in the book own a strip club?”
“Yeah, a couple of them.”
“Correct me if I’m wrong, but a lot of guys might find a strip club easier to be interested in then a car wash.”
“True, but we don’t own a strip club.  What did you call for Frank?”
“I’m going to get a room at the Pechanga so I can play some cards and watch out for the tow truck driver and the girlie girl.  Also I’ll probably have some friends come up.  You want to come?  I’ll get you a room.”
Bobby knew that “friends” or “visitors” were never hookers or common whores.  They were high class call girls that were beautiful, expensive and highly skilled sexually.  They also made frequent visits to the gynecologist to insure they were free of any STDs.
Bobby’s job was to just “be there” in case of any problems but there never were any.  What Frank was worried about was the law.  Prostitution was illegal and if Frank was caught in the arms of one or two call girls – no matter how beautiful, highly skilled, and STD free they were – it would be a parole violation and Frank would be back to 808 Union Street.
So if there was a problem along those lines Bobby was supposed to say that the girls were friends of his and the girls were supposed to agree.  “Yes officer, it was Bobby who invited us here and we just used our beautiful, supple, highly skilled, young bodies to thank him.  We also thanked Mr. Salucci but there was no money involved.  Absolutely not.”
Frank knew that none of the girls had ever been busted for prostitution so it would be very hard to prove.  Still it was nice to have Bobby along.
Bobby said, “When do you want to get the room and for how long?”
“This afternoon for two nights.”
“Alright, I’ll go.”
“Great.  It will be fun.”

Bobby was going over his options and had just about decided to get a book from the gift shop when an attractive woman with long brown hair and lots of necklaces and bracelets rushed into the lobby and headed for the bank of elevators.  Bobby eyes, and those of every male in the area, stayed on her until she stepped into the elevator and was gone.  Bobby wondered if she was a visitor and gave it 70/30 in favor.  She wasn’t showing enough skin to be a sure thing but Bobby had seen a lot of pros, especially since he started babysitting Frank back before he’d done his stint in federal prison, and he had confidence in his ability to recognize a visitor when he say one.
Bobby moved across the lobby near the entrance so he could see the elevators.  Ten minutes later the girl got off and started walking toward the front door.  She wasn’t in a hurry now and walked across the lobby like a model down the runway: cool, beautiful, detached, in control.  Bobby stood up and called to her, “Hey beautiful, how did things work out?”
The girl, who wasn’t used to being interrupted on the runway, was clearly surprised.  She came to an abrupt stop, her wooden bracelets stopped clacking and her necklaces ceased jangling.  Her skirt wrapping around her nylon covered legs and then dropped straight.  She looked around until she saw Bobby Greco standing a few yards away with a grin as wide as Oklahoma.  “Excuse me?” she said, with a half curious, half annoyed look, “Were you addressing me?”
Greco didn’t hesitate.  “I was addressing you.  I saw you come in a few minutes ago like you were late for an appointment with the first lady and now you’re leaving, not rushed at all, content, happy.  So I asked you if everything worked out.”
Now she was more annoyed then curious.  “And how is that any of your business?”
“It’s not my business, I can’t argue with that. But surely you realize that men want to meet beautiful woman and to do that they have to talk to them, they have to approach them, so they do, even though it can be awkward.  The only difference between me and the dozen other guys who watched you go in and out of that elevator is I took a chance and talked to you.  The rest of them didn’t but I’m pretty sure most of them wanted to.”
“Well, aren’t you a sweet talker.” Her voice still had an edge but Bobby could see she’d softened a little.
He smiled and said, “I’m glad you think so,” and then, “Would you like to   sit down for a minute.”
They sat in the lobby and talked a little, and she told him her name was Michele.
“Just Michele?  No last name?”
“I like first names.  Look at it this way, of all the guys you said wanted to talk to me, you’re the only one that knows my first name.”
“That’s true.  I’m going to be thankful for that.  Would you like to get a drink or a coffee?”
“Yes, thanks,” she said.  “You have a room here?”
“I do.”
“How’s the room service?”
“I haven’t tried it yet.”
“Let’s see what they can do.”
Michele took his arm and they walked to the elevator.  Once inside Bobby punched number 7 and they started up.  “What room are you in?” Michele asked.
“726.”
“Ah,” she said with a nod.
They got off at the seventh floor and when they passed room 724 Michele straighten up and leaned her head toward the door on the off chance she might hear something.  Bobby smiled.  “The doors are pretty thick and probably close to sound proof.”
Michele didn’t say anything.  When they reached 726 Bobby opened the door and held it for Michele.
Once in Bobby said, “I have some Scotch or we can get something else from room service.”
“Scotch is fine – two fingers, neat.”
Greco poured two fingers of Scotch in a small water glass and handed it to her.  Then he filled a glass a little over half full with ice and poured Scotch to the top of the rocks.  They held out their glasses and clinked them.
“Please, have a seat,” said Greco with a sweep of his hand.  The room had two queen sized beds, a desk with two captain’s chairs and a stand with a large screen TV.  Michele sat on the inside corner of the bed nearest the door and Greco took a chair five feet away.
Greco held up his drink and said, “You’re tougher than me, I need ice with my Scotch.”
Michele laughed but stayed silent. A minute later she said, “Do you know who is in room 724?”
“Yes.  How about you, do you know?”
“Yes, sort of.  I got a call to meet someone there but when I arrived a few minutes late a girl came to the door and told me that Mr. Salucci already had two escorts and didn’t need any more, but thank you for coming.  I would have been upset but she gave me an envelope with my fee and a generous tip.”
“That was nice of him.”
“Yes it was.  Actually that’s how it’s supposed to work if you have to cancel, but you’d be surprised how many men cancel and don’t pay.  So how do you know Mr. Salucci?”
“We own a few car washes together but if you don’t mind I’d rather not talk about it, about work, on my day off.”
“Okay. So what do you want to do with the rest of your day off?”
“Well I’m enjoying talking to you.”
“I’m enjoying talking to you, too.”
“Besides having a coffee brought by room service, what did you have in mind when you, can I say, invited yourself up to my room?”
“Of course you can say that, that’s what I did right?”
“Yes.  It was a nice surprise.”
“I think the reason I wanted to come up with you is fairly obvious, Bobby.  You know that I was going to see your partner and you know why your partner has girls up to his room, right?”
Bobby nodded.
“Well…?  Michele stood up, and with her eyes fixed on Bobby’s, started unbuttoning her blouse.
Bobby didn’t want to ask the question but he figured he had to.  “Should we talk about money?”
When her blouse half unbuttoned Michele pulled it over her head and faced Bobby in a black, semi-see-through bra that held her full breasts in perfect position.  “Do you think I’m going to pay to sleep with you?”
He smiled and said, “That would be a first for me, but no, that’s not what I was thinking.”
Bobby watched her slip off her skirt and deftly step out of it without removing her high heels.  “I know,” she said, as she tossed the skirt on the bed behind her, “I was just teasing you.”
She stood up straight in her high heels and matching panties and bra.  Bobby looked at her and thought, God was having a great day when he made this one.  “Did you ever think about modeling for Victoria’s Secret?”
“As a matter of fact I did, but I came to the conclusion that it might get to hot in all that lingerie and I might…” Michele reached behind her, unhooked her bra and slid it off, revealing a set of magnificent  breasts, “…take something off at the wrong time and ruin the commercial.”
“I could see that happening,” said Bobby, trying not to stare.  “It would be the most remembered ‘blooper’ in television history.”
Michele laughed then stepped over to the bed near the window and pulled down the covers.  She removed the rest of her clothes and got into bed, sliding to the far side.  She wiggled her butt and said, “Umm comfy.”
Then she looked up at Bobby, smiled, and patted the spot next to her.  He was out of his clothes and in beside her faster than he thought possible.

When they were finished Michele brought Bobby’s face to her breasts and stroked the back of his head.  It felt nice, like everything else she’d done.  He wished he knew more about her but finding out that she was incredible in bed was a good start.
Michele gently pulled away and laid down next to Bobby.
“When we were talking earlier did you want to ask me why I wasn’t going to charge you for…our ‘quality time’ together?”  Did you figure it might have something to do with Frank already paying me?”
“Yes, I wanted to ask and yes, I thought it might have.”
“That didn’t have much to do with it, except to make me available.  You know, since I didn’t have to be there I could be here with you.”
“So why did you do it?  For free, I mean?”
“Because I liked you.  I got a kick out of how you went after me in the lobby, it was flattering. I probably shouldn’t tell you this but I thought if you enjoyed it enough you might become a regular client.”
Rick smiled, “It was extremely enjoyable.”
Michele nodded demurely.  “Thank you.”  A few seconds later she said, “Another reason is I had you pegged as a guy that might make me see stares.”
“Did you?  You sounded like you were enjoying things.”
Michele snuggled up to Bobby and closed her eyes. “Seeing stars doesn’t make me sound like that.  I only sound like that when I see the Milky Way.”

Michele was on top moving slowly and Bobby lay on his back watching her.  She moved rhythmically, her hips pushing back and forth.  Bobby eyes took in her beautiful face and her long thick curly hair, her luscious breasts and flat stomach, her slender arms with the wooden bracelets.  He couldn’t remember having ever seen a more beautiful woman.
She closed her eyes and put her hands behind her head and began moving faster.  Bobby watched her, entranced by her beauty and wondered why he couldn’t hear her wooden bracelets clacking together… then he heard a loud knock at the door.
“Housekeeping,” a female voice announced.
“Tomorrow,” said Bobby, loud enough to carry through the door.
Michele was gone.  There was a hand written message on a hotel note pad.  Greco picked it up and read it:
“Bobby, thanks for the wonderful time.  Hope to see you again.”  It was signed and had her telephone number under her name.
Bobby tore the note off the note pad and then copied the name and number to a new page.  He folder the paper and put it in his wallet and put the ordinal note in his suitcase.  He didn’t want to lose it.


* * *



Chapter 6


The alarm clock went off at 6:30 am and Gloria reached over and silenced it.  She put her hand on Rick’s arm and leaned down close to his ear.  “Are you awake?”
“In a manner of speaking,” Rick croaked as he rolled onto his back.
“I’ll make some coffee,” Gloria said.  She got out of bed and walked naked to the door.  From a hook on the door she took a robe and threw it on.  It was white terrycloth and short, Rick noticed, barely covering her bottom.  She opened the door and looked at him over her shoulder. Then she licked the ball of her thumb and pressed it on her rump.
“Tsssss,” she said.
Rick laughed. “You did that as well as Madeline Kahn in ‘Young Frankenstein’.”
“Thanks, I’ve been practicing, but I must say that your portrayal of…”
“Wait, don’t go there! I wasn’t doing a portrayal of Peter Boyle portraying Frankenstein’s monster, if that’s what you were going to say. I was just lying here,  reacting to you.”
“You’ve got acting talent Rick, don’t try to hide it,” said Gloria as she flitted out of the room.
Rick smiled and admitted to himself that he’d enjoyed the early morning comedy.  He rolled out of bed and stepped into the living room.  As Fran promised his charcoal grey suit lay over the back of the couch, with a white shirt and red tie. His black shoes rested on the floor.  He put on the slacks and then the shirt, socks, shoes and a red tie, making sure the tip of the tie covered his belt buckle.  Rick rarely tried to make a fashion statement but he believed that short ties that didn’t cover your stomach might have been alright in the first half of the 20th century but not since.
He put on his coat, walked into the kitchen and said, “How do I look?”
Fran, who was seated at the kitchen table, looked up from her breakfast and said, “Yeah baby.  You look good – like I like my lawyers to look.”
“Here’s your coffee,” Gloria said as she pushed it across the table.  “You look believable, professional, and ready to rumble.  You won’t have any trouble convincing him.”
“Thanks for the vote of confidence.  Are you going with me, Fran?”
“I’ll drive you and Gloria will follow in her car so you’ll have a ride home.”
“Oh right,” said Rick.  “I’m glad you guys are in charge, I didn’t even think of that.”
“You’re in charge of the important part,” said Fran, “and we have the utmost confidence in you.”

They finished their coffee and Fran and Rick went out to her car.
“What time is it? asked Rick.
Fran said, “Add two minutes to what I just told you.  Don’t worry, I drive this every morning, we have plenty of time.”
Rick got in the car and Fran pulled into the street. “How do we know where he’s going to park?”
“He parks in reserve parking, near the main door.  The tricky part is to get to him before he runs into the building.  There will be a lot of empty reserved parking spots so I’ll park in one of those. When his car comes in, you get out and go for him.”
“Alrighty.”
Ten minutes later Fran pulled into the parking lot and drove past Finches spot.  “Good, he’s not here yet.”  She drove two rows over and parked in a spot between the main door to the hospital and Finch’s usual spot.
“Aren’t you afraid he’ll recognize you?”
“Not at all,” said Fran as she reached into the backseat and came out with wide brim felt hat.  “Can you hold this?”
Rick took the hat while Fran gathered her thick blonde hair and pulled it to up in a ponytail, which she then piled up on her head.  She took the hat from Rick and put it on, making sure that the brim was pulled down over her eyes.
“That should do the job,” said Rick.
Fran heard the sound of a sports car as it downshifted and entered the parking lot.  “That’s him,” she said, “in the silver BMW.”
Rick got out of the car and walked toward the spot where Finch was backing in.  Finch parked, exited the car and locked it with a click of his key.  When he turned to go Rick was ready for him.
“Dr. Randolph Finch?”
“Yes?”
“I’m representing Ms. Frances Swenson and possibly some other women that work at the hospital.  You’re being named as a defendant in a sexual harassment suit, a defamation of character suit, and a libel suit.”
“I don’t have to listen to this,” said Finch as he blew past Rick.
“No you don’t, and I don’t have to say it.  I’m just here at Ms. Swenson’s request.  I wanted to blindside you.”
Finch stopped walking and came back.  “What do you mean you’re representing Fran Swenson and possibly some others?”
“Women often don’t like to be involved in this type of case because the opposing lawyer tries to put them in a bad light.  They try to paint a picture of a woman who is promiscuous, who throws herself at men in general and their client in particular.  Their client is portrayed as a church going family man who couches little league and has never strayed once until he was vamped by the vamp.  Of course he has to sit through a cross examination which often unearths things he never thought would see the light of day.  It’s amazing what private investigators, especially those that are computer savvy, can come up with these days.”
Rick tilted his head, a quizzical look on his face.  “Are you getting the picture?”
“Go on,” said Finch, his voice flat and toneless.
“Anyway women don’t like to get involved but once one does others follow and that makes their case much stronger.  A jury might think one woman is making up stories because she’s mad at a guy but two, three, four or five woman?  No.  I’ve never seen it happen once.  I’ve almost got one more signed up and when I get her I have two more who are a sure thing.  Four articulate, professional women airing your dirty laundry before a jury - I don’t like to gloat doctor, but you don’t have a chance.
“I know you are married.  Sadly most marriages don’t survive this sort of thing.  Often it’s in the paper, the wife’s friends read about it, the kids get ribbed about it at school.  It’s sad but that’s the reality of it.”
Finch seemed to sink further with everything Rick said but finally his eyes brightened. “How is Ms. Swenson going to pay for all this legal work?”
“If we win, which I strongly believe we will, you’ll pay her legal bills and a quite a bit more in damages.  If we lose I won’t charge her anything.  Let’s just say I have a personal interest in the case.”

When Rick slid into the seat next to Fran she said, “Why did you walk all over the parking lot before getting in?”
“I didn’t want Finch to see me get into the car of the mysterious hat woman.”
“Oh, smart.  How did it go?”
“It went pretty well.  I think he’ll try and talk to you soon, try to convince you to forget about all the suits.  Tell him you’ll think about it but you’ll want to you talk to your lawyer first.  He’ll want you to decide immediately but don’t give in.  Tell him you’ll let him know in a couple of days.  We need to keep the heat on for awhile to give him time to think of all the damage a sexual harassment suit will bring him.  By the time you let him off he needs to realize you’ve saved his marriage, his job, everything he has down to his driver’s license. You’ve saved him from a life of shame and depravity and you are the greatest benefactor he will ever have.”
“You’re good, you know that Rick?  Did they teach you this stuff in law school?”
“Some of it, the rest I thought up.  I’m blessed with a devious mind.  By the way, as far as Finch is concerned I’m your fiancé.”
“What?  Why would he think that unless you told him?”
“I had to come up with something.  He asked me how you could afford to pay the legal fees.  I explained that if we won he would have to pay.  If we lost you wouldn’t have to pay because I was doing the work pro bono since you’re my fiancé.”
“Couldn’t you have just said I was your girl friend?”
“Are you saying I wouldn’t make a good fiancé? Yes, I could have said you were my girl friend but ‘girl friend’ doesn’t pack the same wallop.  I could have said you were my wife but Finch, and everyone else you work with, would know it’s not true.
“If you’re engaged however, you have it all.  You have commitment, you have love – fiancés are always in love – and you have security since you can’t track an engagement like you can a marriage.  So we’ll be engaged for a couple of months and then we’ll break it off – irreconcilable difference.  We don’t have to tell anybody and since I’m seeing your roommate I won’t try to get any action before the wedding.  I’ll be the perfect fiancé!”
“Okay,” said Fran.  She held up her right hand and spread her fingers.  “Where’s my ring?”

Fran moved the car to another parking space and cut the engine.
“Remember, “said Rick, “If he talks to you don’t give him anything, tell him you’ll get back to him.  If you start feeling sorry for him, or make it too easy on him, you could blow the whole thing and end up before some hospital ethics board that will fire you.  We’re not going to take him to court and ruin his marriage and career, we just have to make him think we are.”
“Okay, I got it. I’ll let you know if Finch talks to me. Oh, Gloria called me when you were talking to Finch.  She parked in the second row, right down by the street.”
“I’m off then.”
“Thanks for helping me Rick, I don’t know what I’d have done without you.”
“You’re welcome, but don’t talk about it okay?  I don’t want a judge to put me on a road gang like George Clooney in ‘O Brother Where Art Thou?’.”
“Is that why he was on a road gang?”
“Yeah, he says so right in the movie.  He was practicing law without a license.   Of course it’s only a movie and they probably don’t even have road gangs anymore but wherever they put you in California has got to be worse.”
“Don’t worry, I won’t talk about it.”
“Thanks.  Oh, I didn’t give Finch my name so if you can find a way to keep it that way, it would be good.”
“I can do that.”
“Okay my honey bunny fiancé, see you when we get back.”
“Until that time, fiancé of my dreams, until that time.  Have fun in Las Vegas.”

Rick filled Gloria in on the way back to her house.  She laughed about Fran being his fiancé.  “That was a good idea,” she said.
“Thank God it came to me or he might have caught on to us.”

At Gloria’s house Rick got out of his suit and into some shorts and a T-shirt.  He found his bag, still packed except for a few things he’d used the night before.  Gloria was a fast packer and was ready to go in ten minutes.  She went out back and checked that the lock on the yard gate was secure and that Rocky had what she needed.  Then she let Rocky out of her dog house so she could patrol the yard.  That done she went back in and locked up the house then joined Rick in the tow truck.
“Alright,” said Rick, “here we go.  A quick stop in Escondido to pick up the classic and then it’s ‘viva Las Vegas.’ After a five hour drive and a stop to unload the car.”

The ride up to Escondido in light traffic took 35 minutes.  When they were about half way there Rick gave Gloria a phone number and asked her to call and let them know they’d be there soon.
Gloria dialed and on the fifth ring a woman answered.
“Hello, I’m calling for Rick Mills of Ed’s Towing to let you know that we should be there in twenty minutes.”
“Alright, it’s out on the street, ready to go.”
Gloria hung up and said, “They’re all set.”
“Good, we’ll get it up on the truck and be out on the road way ahead of the traffic.”
“That’s always good.”
The house was just a few blocks south of Grand where Rick had walked around looking at the classic cars on the night of his dinner with Gloria.  The car, a 1957 red and white Chevy two door, was parked in the street in front a house on a corner lot.  Rick pulled in front of the car and backed into position.  He set the brake, got out of the truck and was greeted by a thin man with a full head of gray hair and a short beard.  Gloria slid out of the truck and walked over next to Rick.
“I’m Bill O’Hara,” said the man, “didn’t I talk to you last Friday on Grand?”
“Yes, I remember.  I’m Rick Mills and this is my friend Gloria Hesselgrave.”
“Nice to meet you both,” said O’Hara.  He turned and laid his hand on the Chevy’s hood and said, “This is the car that’s going to Vegas.”
“It’s a nice car,” said Gloria.
“Very nice,” said Rick.  “If you don’t mind my asking, why are you letting it go?”
“A few reasons.  The guy in Las Vegas is a friend of mine and he offered a good chunk of change for it, more than it’s worth really.  Come over here and I’ll show you the other reason.”
Gloria and Rick followed Bill O’Hara into his garage and showed them an old Cadillac that looked alright except that it needed paint.
“I’m going to restore this and there’s not room enough in the garage for both of them.”
“It must be a fun way to spend your time,” said Gloria.
“Well, I can’t dance.”
Gloria laughed.  “I haven’t heard that for a long time.  My dad used to say that a lot.”
“I think sayings like that, along with a bunch I can’t even remember any more, are going to go out with guys like me and your dad.  Maybe someday they’ll have a museum somewhere where statues have moving mouths that say things like ‘I can’t dance’ and ‘if the shoe fits get another one just like it’ or however that goes.”
“I’d go to see that,” said Gloria.
On the way to his front door Bill said, “Have a good drive and a fun time in Las Vegas.  Oh, I almost forgot, the title and registration are in the glove box.”
“Thank you,” Gloria and Rick said in unison.

Rick got the Chevy up on the truck, drove to Ninth St, and onto the 15 north.  Twenty miles later they passed Highway 79, the turn off for the Pechanga Casino.  Although the casino is not visible from Highway 79 they both glanced down the road when they passed over it.
Gloria said, “When we get to Vegas we’ll have to drink a toast to the Pechanga Casino since their jackpot is paying for the trip.”
“Yeah, sure. Pechanga, uah-rah!  We’ll do it right when we get there.”
“Have you researched any shows?”
“No, sad to say.  How about you?”
“There’s one called ‘The Peep Show’ staring Holly Madison that looks good.  She was one of Hugh Hefner’s live in girl friends at the Playboy Mansion before she started her new gig in Las Vegas.”
“The Peep Show, eh?  That does sound interesting.”
“Okay, let’s see it.”
“One thing I did look into is taking a helicopter ride over the Grand Canyon.   I’d really like to do that.  They land in the canyon and give you a snack and Champaign.  Plus you see other things like the Hover Dam.”
“I’d vote yes on that.”
“I figured you would, that’s why I already booked it for the day after tomorrow at 9 am.”
“You did?  How did you know I wasn’t totally adverse to flying in  helicopters?”
“You’re not the type.”
“What type is that?”
“I have no idea but I know you’re not it.  Am I right?”
“Once again,” she smiled.


* * *



Chapter 7


Rick didn’t get to far up the 15 on a regular basis but when he did he ticked off his own set of landmarks when he passed them by.  The first was when the 15 split and gave you the option to stay on the 15 or go with the 215.  Later, in a stretch of about twenty miles, the 15 crossed the 91, the 60, the 10, and the 210.
Rick didn’t like passing through that stretch of the 15.  Crossing those freeways, one after another, always seemed sad and ugly.  So many clover leafs, so many cars merging, so many freeways.  Most of the time you could pass through the whole mess at 70 miles an hour and never have to slow down, unless you hit rush hour when the sheer volume of traffic could make driving speed drop from 70 to 7 mph.
Soon after crossing the four freeways they hit the town of Devore.  “This is where we start going up the Cajon Summit,” said Gloria.  Most people call it the Cajon Pass which runs near here, but the Cajon Summit is the correct name.”
“Oh?”
“I read it on Wikipedia.  It’s about 14 miles to the top and the road climbs  from about 2000 feet to 4190 feet.”
When they were about half way up the pass Gloria said, “What hotel are we staying in?”
“I didn’t book one yet.”
When Gloria remained quite Rick said, “I guess booking a hotel in advance would have been the mature thing to do.  I meant to but there was a lot going on and I didn’t get around to it.”
“No worries, we still have plenty of time.  Any hotel in particular you’d like to stay?”
“Not really, what about you?”
“I like North Vegas.”
“Why?”
“A few years ago I won $385 at the Horseshoe.  It’s the only time I played there and I was jazzed that I’d won where the World Series of Poker used to be played. They have pictures of all the winners with their names and the years they won.”
“Cool.  It’s cool that you had a winning session under the shadow of the greats but…….”
“But that’s really not a reason to stay in North Vegas, right?”
Rick shrugged and looked over at Gloria.  “Right.”
“I know, I was just giving you a little background.”
“Hey, I’m glad you did.  I wish I could say I won $385 at the Horseshoe.”
“Maybe you’ll be able to if we stay in North Vegas, only it’s not the Horseshoe anymore, the changed the name to Binyon’s.”
“So what are the other reasons?”
“It’s easier to get around.  The streets are narrower and easy to cross unlike further down Las Vegas Boulevard where you spend a lot of time crossing the streets on pedestrian overpasses.  There are also walking streets in North Las Vegas and when you want to go anywhere else it’s all one direction – down the strip.  Also I think it’s a little cheaper there.
“So that’s my spiel on North Las Vegas now here’s my disclaimer.  Wherever we stay I know we are going to have fun.  We’ll be spending a lot of time on the strip so if we want to stay there we’ll be close to a lot of stuff we’re going to do.  So I’m happy to stay wherever you like.”
“Let’s stay in North Vegas,” said Rick.  “We can always change later if we want to.”
They drove in silence for awhile and then Gloria opened her bag and pulled out an HP Mini computer.  “Do you want me to look for a hotel?”
“How are you going to get on line out here?”
Gloria held up an attachment with a small screen and a cord to connect to the computer. It was smaller than a deck of cards.  “With this,” said Gloria, “a wireless Hot Spot from AT&T.  It will get you on line just about anywhere, as long as you pay them every month.”
“Nifty,” said Rick as he pulled out his wallet and handed it Gloria.  “Flip it open and get the visa card right in the first pocket.  Yeah, that’s it.  If you get a good deal on a room, go ahead and book it.”
“Okay,” said Gloria, already working the little computer.  She clicked around for five minutes and said, “The Four Queens looks good.”
“Go for it.”
Gloria typed in the credit card number and completed the transaction.  She browsed the computer for another 15 minutes, until Rick said, “We’ll be in Barstow in half an hour and I’m going to get some gas.  Do you want to eat there?”
“I saw this place on line called Peggy Sue’s 50’s Diner.  It’s in Yermo,  right off the 15, ten miles past Barstow.”
“Sounds good to me.”
They weren’t long in Barstow: stretch break, bathroom break, gas and back on the road.  A few miles later a sign announced they were coming up on Ghost Town Road. “That’s the exit,” said Gloria, looking up from her computer screen.  Rick exited and following Gloria’s instructions, made a few turns and rolled into the parking lot of Peggy Sue’s 50’s Diner  When they parked and got out of the truck a family of four came out of the restaurant and started getting into a minivan next to them.  The father spotted the ’57 Chevy on the back of the truck and said, “Show them the Chevy and maybe they’ll give you a discount.”
Rick smiled and Gloria said, “Could be worth a try.”
The place was pretty busy, Rick thought, especially since it was in the desert with not another building in sight.  They took a table to the right of the entrance and a spry waitress on her way out of middle age gave each of them a menu.  Rick and Gloria both looked at their menu and smiled.
After perusing the menu for a few minutes Rick asked, “What are you going to have?”
“Either a Mickey Mouse triple decker club house sandwich or a Richard Nixon turkey sandwich.  How about you?”
“I’m going with the Marlon Brando mushroom classic burger.  Tell me, do you think they named a turkey sandwich after Richard Nixon because they think he was a turkey?”
“Hard to say, but consider who they named these various dishes after,” Gloria started to read from the menu, “Buddy Holly, Frankie Avalon, Patti Page, Gary Cooper, John Wayne, Fabian, Tina Turner, Chubby Checker, Cary Grant, Big Bopper, Fats Domino, Ritchie Valens and James Dean.  What do these people have in common?”
“They all would have made better presidents than Richard Nixon?”
Gloria laughed, “Possibly, but that’s not the answer.  They’re all entertainers: singers and actors.  Richard Nixon is the only politician to have a sandwich named after him.  He might be the only politician in America to ever have a sandwich named after him.  Quite an honor, and if a turkey sandwich is what he ended up with, well, that’s the price you have to pay to make it onto the menu of Peggy Sue’s Diner.”
The waitress zoomed in for their order.  Rick asked for the Marlon Brando, Gloria went with the Mickey Mouse.  They both thought the waitress moved fast for her age.
When they were finished eating Rick had a coffee while Gloria looked around the gift shop attached to the restaurant.  It was filled with 50’s memorabilia which Gloria found interesting.  Rick joined her after paying the bill.
“Are you going to buy anything?”
“Not now.  Let’s go.”
When they got up on the highway Gloria said, “Marilyn Monroe has to be one of the most famous people that ever lived.  She’s been dead for close to 50 years and that gift shop had at least a dozen items with her picture on it.”
“I got a haircut once in Ensenada, Baja California, Mexico.”  Rick tried to say ‘Baja California, Mexico’ like they said it on the sports radio ads.  His voice went up on ‘Baja California,’ almost making it sound like a question, and down, deep and serious, on ‘Mexico.’
Rick shook his head.  “I don’t think I have what it takes to be on the radio.”
“You’re a lawyer, you don’t have to be on the radio.”
“You’ve got that half right, I don’t have to be on the radio.  But I’m not a lawyer, and won’t be until…?”  He looked over at Gloria and held out his hand, palm up.
“You pass the bar exam.”
“Right.”
“Still your first case went well even without you passing the bar.  You’ll rock once you do.”
“It wasn’t a case Gloria, it was a crime, probably a felony.”
Gloria mulled this over for awhile and said, “It’s only a problem if you get caught, and you won’t get caught.”
“That’s what I’m counting on.”
“Okay, so tell me about the haircut in Ensenada.”
“The barber shop was is in downtown Ensenada and was the biggest I’ve ever seen.  It had maybe twenty chairs and there was a wall down the middle that divided the room in half with a ten foot break so you could walk back and forth between the sides.  On both sides of that wall, and every other wall in the place, were framed pictures of Marilyn Monroe.  If I had to guess I’d say there were 150 separate pictures – no repeats.  I asked the barber why there were so many pictures of Marilyn.  She smiled and said, ‘The owner likes her’. “
“Did she give you a good haircut?”
“Yeah, she did.  Afterwards she massaged my neck and shoulders.  I closed my eyes and almost fell asleep.”
“Did you pretend it was Marilyn Monroe giving you the massage?”
“How did you know that?”

They drove a little further before Rick said, “Elvis is pretty famous, especially in Las Vegas.”
“True.  I’ve heard that when you’re out on the strip at night one in every ten guys is an Elvis impersonator.”
“Really?  Is it like that in North Vegas to?”

They passed Baker, on the edge of the Mojave Desert.  From the highway they could see the world’s largest thermometer, standing higher than four flagpoles, happy to let everyone know what they already knew; it’s hot in Baker.
“How high do you think that thermometer is?” said Rick.  “I’d bet it’s over a hundred feet.”
Gloria opened a cloth bag and pulled out her small flat computer.  “It says in Wikipedia that the height of the thermometer commemorates the hottest temperature ever recorded in the United States, 134 degrees in Death Valley in 1913.  The thermometer, called ‘the highest thermometer in the world’ can be seen for miles and is located at the Big Boy Restaurant.”
“Can you imagine being in 134 degree heat?  It’s no wonder they call the place Death Valley.”
When they crossed the border into Nevada, Rick said, “In the glove box should be the address and phone number of the guy we’re delivering the car too.  Can you call him – I think his name is Wright - and tell him we’ll be there in an hour and a half, more or less.”
Gloria found the receipt and dialed the number.  “Hello, Mr. Wright?  My name is Gloria and I’m calling for Rick Mills of Ed’s Towing.  He wanted me to let you know that he’d have you car delivered to,” she read the address from the delivery receipt, “in about an hour and a half.”
Gloria listened and said, “We just crossed into Nevada.  Okay.  Okay, I tell him.  See you then.”
“He says the place is in a light industrial area.  He has a small warehouse and he’ll be waiting for us when we get there.”
“Alright, we’re taking care of business.  Deliver the car, find the hotel, and take a nap.  I’m tired.”
Rick half expected Gloria to give him a bad time about the nap but she didn’t.  She said, “I might take a nap to.  I’m tired just from watching you do all that driving.”

The warehouse wasn’t hard to find and the new owner of the 1957 Chevy was there as promised.  Gloria had expected an older guy, like Joe Scanlon, but the man opening the gate and directing them to back in looked to be about 30.  Once, when she was younger, and out driving with her dad, a whole line of classic cars came down the road toward them.  Gloria’s noticed that most of the drivers were in their 50’s and 60’s.  She asked her dad why and he said he thought it was because they drove cars like that when they were young and they liked to relive their glory days.  That couldn’t be the case with...Gloria looked at the paper work...George Wright.
When Rick finished backing in he set the brake and got out to talk to George Wright.  Gloria got out as well and she and Rick introduced themselves to George and shook his hand.  George smiled an easy smile and Gloria smiled back.
“Where do you want it?” said Rick.
George pointed to a spot almost straight back.  “Right in there,” he said.
Rick got in the truck and maneuvered it to the spot which, when he lowered it, would put the Chevy right where George wanted it.  Then he got out and walked to the back of the truck.  He put on a pair of gloves and began working the levers and watched the bed of the truck start to tilt backwards.
Gloria looked around the warehouse floor which was covered with classic cars.  “How many cars do you have here?”
“Twenty five or twenty six.”
“Do you drive them much?”
“I’ve driven all of them except the one you just brought in and I’ll drive that within the next couple of days, but to answer your question, no I don’t drive them much, hardly at all really.”
“Then why do you buy them?”
George laughed, “Good question, one I should probably ask myself more often. My plan is to sell the whole collection or donate it to charity and get a good write off.   In the meantime my friends drive them sometimes and once in awhile I give one to someone on their birthday or a special occasion.”
“That’s pretty generous of you.  It must blow people away.”
“Yeah, sometimes.”
Gloria noticed that George was checking her out, letting his eyes sweep across her in between other things he was looking at; the cars, the warehouse entrance, Rick working the bed of the truck.  He didn’t stare or leer, just let his eyes take her in, when they swept by like radar.  Not a bad technique, Gloria thought, as she turned her head away and smiled.
Rick had the Chevy on the ground now and the truck bed back in position.  He retrieved the paper work from the truck’s glove compartment, put it in a clipboard and brought it to George who signed and handed it back to Rick.  “This is for you” said Rick, handing George his copy along with the Chevy’s keys.
“Thanks,” said George. “Would either of you like something to drink before you go?  I’ve got coffee, tea, soft drinks, beer, and bottled water.”
Gloria and Rick looked at each other and Gloria gave a slight nod.  “Sure,” said Rick, “that would be nice.”
George led them to the opposite corner of the warehouse where there was a large door, identical to the one they’d driven through.  Shoulder high, next to the door was a large grey button.  George hit it with the palm of his hand, and the door rolled up letting the sunshine fill that part of the warehouse.
Against the wall near the door was a refrigerator and a small table with an elaborate coffee machine that Rick had seen once or twice in the waiting rooms of successful car dealerships.  A few yards away, closer to the open door, was a round metal table and some folding beach chairs.
“Help yourselves,” said George as he opened the refrigerator door.  Gloria took out a Coke Zero and George took a Sprite. Rick, after he’d placed a paper cup to receive the coffee, took a packet of Colombian from the rack above the machine, pulled out the small door, put the packet of coffee in the slot, and pushed the door closed.  Within a few seconds the machine was hissing and the coffee was pouring into the cup.  He added a little creamer, stuck in a stirring stick, and grabbed a bottle of water before taking a chair at the table with Gloria and George.
“Are you headed back to San Diego today?” said George.
Gloria said, “No, we’re going to be in Las Vegas for a few days, living the viva loca.”
“Good for you, I hope you have a blast.”
“Thanks,” said Rick.
“Are you going to do much gambling?”
“Some.  Gloria is a pretty successful poker player so I’m hoping to sit in with her and maybe learn a few things.”
“Rick is the successful one.  A few days ago he won $68,000 and change!”
“I’d say that was pretty a successful session.”
“It was but there is more to the story which I’m sure Gloria would love to tell you.”  Rick looked at Gloria and smiled.  “You would wouldn’t you dear?”
Gloria gave Rick a mock ‘if looks could kill’ look and said, “Of course I would.  Actually George, Rick won the monster bad beat jackpot at the Pechanga Casino when his four kings were beaten by a straight flush.  He got 30% of just over $229,000.”
“That’s a monster jackpot all right.”
Rick said, “They have standard jackpots where Ace’s full of tens or better must be beat by four of a kind or better.  They don’t get as high as the one I was fortunate enough to win.  I don’t play there that often so some of the old boys who do weren’t too happy to see me win.”
“To bad for them,” said George.
“That’s what I told them and reminded them that the guy who beat me was going to get 20% and they were all going to share 30% that’s divided among the rest of the players at the table. The other 20% is divided among the rest of the poker players in the room.”
“Did that shut them up?”
“Some of them, yeah, but not the hard core career cry babies.  I think they have to complain or they stop breathing.”
“I guess you can’t blame them then.”
“Yep, a man’s got to breath.”
Gloria took a sip of her Coke Zero and said, “If you don’t mind me asking George, what do you do for a living?”
George smiled, “Since I don’t rob banks or deal drugs or work for the CIA, NSA,  or IRS, I don’t mind at all.  I have some prior commitments, so I’m going to give you the condensed version, if that’s alright.  In the late 90’s, when I was young and innocent, a friend and I got hold of a large batch of domain names which we’ve been selling ever since.  With the money I’ve made diversified investments and, by the grace of God, they’ve done well, even in the midst of the world’s economic troubles.
“That’s it.  That’s the condensed version.  Actually, now that I think about it, the long version isn’t much longer.”


* * *



Chapter 8


“He was an interesting guy,” said Rick as they drove the last few miles to North Las Vegas.  “I noticed he was thoroughly checking you out while I was getting his Chevy where he wanted it.”
“That’s the price you pay when you’re dating a girl with glamorous, runway model looks.”
“You forgot ‘drop dead gorgeous’.”
“I didn’t forget, I just didn’t want you to look over and drop dead while you’re driving.”
“But seriously, it must be flattering to have men admiring you.”
“Sure, sometimes it is.  It depends on the situation.  It was alright with George because we know him, slightly, and he seems like a nice guy, you were there and we were leaving soon. Also he was very low key, even respectful, so yeah it was fun.”
“But...?”
“But it’s not always like that.  I was in a restaurant once with some of my friends and walked past a table with half a dozen drunken young suits.  One of them made a comment and the rest tried to outdo him. It gave me the creeps but all I could do was keep walking.  Later I saw one of them in the parking structure.  There was no one else around, just him and me. He recognized me and started in again with the comments, only this time he starts walking toward me.
“The guy tried to run after me but he was too drunk to catch me.  I got in my car, pointed it at him and floored it.  He just stood there like a deer in the headlights.  I came to my senses and slammed on the breaks.  Of course I didn’t stop right away, the car kept moving toward the guy.  I think the squealing brakes might of jolted him from drunk to drunk aware because he dived out of the way, even though the car had already come to a stop six feet from him.
“He dived into a parked motorcycle, hit the engine block head on and knocked himself out, or maybe he just passed out.  I went over and made sure he was breathing and when I saw that he was I left.”
“Did you call the police?”
“What for, so I could stand around while the cops took my statement about something I couldn’t prove?  Besides when the suit woke up he might tell the cops I’d run the car straight at him and he had to dive to avoid getting hit.  If the cops checked out the skid marks it would prove the guy’s story and I’d be the one leaving the scene in handcuffs.”
“Good point.”
“Anyway the moral of the story is sometimes it’s nice when men check you out and sometimes it’s anything but…hey, where are you going?”
“This is the turn off.”
Twenty minutes later, after finding the hotel and parking the truck, Gloria and Rick stood in line at the check in counter of the Four Queens Hotel.  While they waited their turn they looked back at the casino behind them.  The ceilings were lower than those of most of the casinos on the Strip, but they were high enough.  There was a lot of gambling, people playing blackjack, roulette, craps and of course, slot machines.  Most of them seemed to be having a good time.
Without taking her eyes off the action Gloria said, “This place makes me feel like I’ve gone back in time.”
“Excuse me,” called a pleasant voice behind them, “are you checking in?”
“Yes,” said Rick as he and Gloria rolled their bags up to the desk.  “My name is Rick Mills and this is Gloria Hesselgrave.  We have reservations.”
“Okay,” said the lady with the nice voice as she typed on the keyboard at warp speed.  She looked to be about 30 and, Rick couldn’t help but notice, she had a lot of nice things going for her, not just her voice.  “We have you registered for two days, is that correct?”
“Yes, at least two days, maybe more.”
“Could I see the credit card you used to make the reservation and a picture I.D.?”
Rick showed her the visa card and his driver’s license which she looked at and returned.
“Thank you Mr. Mills.  We have you in room 726, here are your room keys.  Do you need any help with your bags?”
“No, thanks, we’re okay.”
The elevator was just a few yards from the front desk and when they pushed the button the door open immediately.  A couple of minutes later Rick unlocked the door to room 726 and held it open for Gloria who entered, walked to the center of  the room, looked around and said, “Nice.”
Rick liked staying in hotels because it meant he was somewhere else and doing something different.  As long as their room temperature was alright, the television worked, sheets were clean and the bathroom had plenty of hot water, that’s all you needed.
The room was laid out simply with the bathroom to the left when you entered the door.  The closet on the right and next to the closet was space of a luggage rack, and then a long, high table with a flat screen television.  After the flat screen was a writing table, with a telephone and a chair.  The beds, two queen size, faced the television and were separated by a night stand, which had another phone and reading lamps, one for each bed.
While Rick was taking this in Gloria swung her bag onto a luggage stand and started removing her clothes.  She smiled at Rick as she ducked into the bathroom.  “First dibs on the shower.”
A few minutes later Rick heard the water go off and Gloria toweling herself  dry.  Then the bathroom door opened and she emerged with a bath towel wrapped around her.  She walked past Rick and said, “It’s all yours.”
When Rick finished his shower he came out with a towel around his waist and spotted Gloria on the far bed, lying on her side, naked except for the corner of a sheet covering her hip.  She was leafing through a magazine that lay on the bed in front of her.
“You look nice,” said Rick, “actually you look nicer than that.”
“Thanks, nicer than nice is the look I was going for.”
“What are you reading?”
“I don’t know but it’s not any good,” said Gloria as she tossed it on the other bed.  “Come here before you slip out of my seductive clutches.”
A half an hour later when they were side by side on their backs, taking deep breaths, sweating and laughing and talking about sex and how fun it was,  Rick turned and faced Gloria and told her she didn’t have to worry about him slipping out of her seductive clutches.  He couldn’t escape, she was holding him to tight.
She gave him a crafty look and said, “Good.”

Fran didn’t have to work on the day Rick laid his lawyer rap on dear Dr. Randolph Finch, called Randy the Roster or, sometimes, Randy Dandy by the female staff.  The day was centered around the morning showdown and when Rick pulling it off like a Butch and Sundance bank job, Fran had the rest of the day free.  But she had no plan.  She decided to go out to breakfast and think things over.
Over a bowl of hot oatmeal with milk and brown sugar she realized the mornings excitement had taken its toll on her and she was tired.  The house could use a clean, and she could use some exercise.  She paid for the food, left an 18% tip, drove home and dropped on the bed.  Ninety minutes later she woke up, made a pot of coffee and went to work.
She stripped the sheets and pillowcases off her bed, threw them into the washer with some of her other laundry, and started the machine.  She dusted her room with a feather duster, straightened up whatever needed straightening, and swept up the floor.
The living room was the same drill without the bed.  When she finished she looked over the kitchen and decided she’d spend 15 minutes max cleaning it.  The dishwasher had clean dishes in it so she put them away and filled it with dirty dishes from the sink and counters.  She wiped the table, which didn’t really need it, and then the stove top which did.  Then she swept the floor.  When she was done she checked her watch and was happy to see she’d beat the deadline by two and a half minutes.
Then she went into the kitchen and made a large salad with spinach, onions, tomatoes, mushrooms and tuna.  She popped a beer she’d taken from the fridge and swallowed a mouthful, rewarding herself for doing the housework and celebrating the mornings victory and the fact that she still had a job.  She took the salad and beer into the living room and consumed them while flipping channels through various programs, avoiding advertisements like drunks on a bus.
When the salad was done she clicked off the screen, got her roller blades, helmet and pads from a closet in her room.  She put on a blue, white and yellow bikini top, then a pair of short jean shorts and some low top tennis shoes.  Then a long billed fisherman’s cap to keep the sun off her face, and a pair of jeans and a T-shirt in case she wanted to do something after.  Tight shorts and a revealing top were fine while rollerblading on the beach but away from the beach you were a target for every male commentator between the ages of 16 and 60.
Fran stood with her back to the full leant mirror that she kept in her bedroom.  She turned her head toward the mirror and wiggled her butt in a circular motion as fast as she could.  “And who could blame them,” she said to the mirror.  Just kidding, she thought, sort of.
She threw her gear in the trunk of the car and headed for the beach.  As she drove she wondered if this should be a meet guys day or a not meet guys day.  Probably a not meet guys day.  She had a lot on her mind, the main thing being that the thing with Finch wouldn’t be over until they talked and worked things out.  Maybe today wasn’t the best time to take a day off, but hey it was a scheduled day off.  Finch would know that by checking the schedule so if she did show up to work he’d probably see that as a weakness.
She should see the day off as a blessing.  She worked hard and needed a day off, and this was it.  Also Finch wouldn’t be able to cut a deal with her today so he’d have another day to think about all the hurt that she would put on him unless he could persuade, or even beg, her to make the deal, which, thanks to Rick, he saw as more important to himself then to Fran.
Fran got in her car, drove to the 5 south, went down a few exits, got off and headed toward the beach.  As she started keeping her eye out for a parking space someone pulled out right in front of her.  She maneuvered into the spot before a motorcycle behind her had a chance to swoop in.  The motorcyclist raised his middle finger as he drove by and Fran yelled a pleasantry which she knew he wouldn’t hear.  Too much engine noise and he probably had headphones underneath his helmet pounding death metal into his pea brain.
Forget it she thought, as she got her gear from the trunk.  Stay positive.  She’d just found a miracle parking place almost before she started looking, which was a rare as finding a winning lottery ticket on the street.
Fran put on her helmet, wrist guards, elbow and knee pads and finally her roller blades.  She tossed her tennis shoes into the trunk and skated toward the beach.  It didn’t take long to reach the cement path that ran behind the houses closest to the beach.  Once she did Fran didn’t hesitate.
Staying to the right, just like when driving, she pulled into the traffic of roller bladders, bicyclists, and walkers, all enjoying the early afternoon sun that San Diego was blessed with 300 days a year.  She headed north and picked up speed, passing a number of walkers, a few fellow roller bladders, and a leisurely bike or two.  She was passed by some not so leisurely bicyclists, and a group of serious roller bladders, but it didn’t bother her, she was here to exercise and enjoy the day.
As she skated by a bench she noticed a nice looking guy in a T-shirt and jeans, smoking a cigar, wasn’t that against the law?  He smiled as she went by and she smiled back.  Nice, Fran thought, and kept skating.  She skated hard, 15 minutes up, and then started back, keeping the same pace, sweating now and breathing hard.  When she got near the bench she saw the cute guy, looking the other way now, no cigar.  Then a pebble jammed the wheels of her skate and she left the ground, flying swiftly through the air, waiting for the unhappy ending.  She landed on her right shoulder and skidded a few feet, losing skin on the way.
When she stopped moving Fran lay still for a moment.  She looked up and saw people milling around, looking down at her, and she wanted to scream, I’m all right!  But she knew she wasn’t.  Her bones ached but seemed intact.  Her right shoulder and the right side of her upper back felt like she’d been stung by 1000 killer bees from Africa or South America, whichever was worse.  Then the guy from the bench was leaning over her.
“Are you okay?”  Without waiting for an answer he bent further so he could see her shoulder and back.  “You’re bleeding from your right side.  We should get you off the ground and over to the bench.  I can pull you up by your left hand and help you over.”
“Thanks,” said Fran and held out her hand.
He took it and a woman behind Fran said she’d help to.  The woman, plus sized but shapely, lifted her from under her arms, careful not to touch her abrasions, and the cute guy in the T-shirt and jeans held her hand, steadying  her as she rolled to the bench.
“Thank you,” said Fran and then grimaced as the wind blew on her back.
“I’m parked right over there.  I have a first aid kit in my car which I could have here in five minutes.”
“Great.  I’ll be here.”
“I’ll stay with you until he gets back,” said the woman who’d helped her up.  “That was quite a spill.”
“Yeah, I’ve got a helmet and pads everywhere except where I hit.  I’ll need to start wearing shoulder pads, look like a female NFL wanna be.”
A few minutes later the woman saw the rescuer coming back with the first aid kit.  She almost wondered aloud if the incident would start something between the guy and the blonde roller bladder, but then thought better of it.  The poor girl was cut up and hurting and probably didn’t want to hear speculations about her social and/or sex life from a complete stranger.
Good to his word the guy was back in under five minutes but Fran wasn’t sure that was a good thing when he started to apply hydrogen peroxide to her shoulder and back.
“Ohooo, that hurts!
“Sorry but I have to get it clean so it doesn’t get infected.  When I’m done with that I’ll tape some gauze on the worst parts and that should do it.  What’s your name?”
“My name is Fran. Ohooo, that hurts worse than the last time!”
“I’m Bobby.  Don’t worry, that’s it, no more hydrogen peroxide.  I’ll tape the gauze on now, but it won’t hurt, at least not much.”
“If it hurts at all I’m going to run out into the ocean and drown myself.  I can’t stand any more pain.”
“Okay, sit still and I’ll finish the job as painlessly as humanly possible.”  He worked for a few minutes more before announcing he was done.
“Nice job.  The last part was painless, just like you said.”
“In another life I might have been ‘Painless’ Parker.”
“‘Painless’ Parker?”
“He was a dentist/showman in the late 1800’s.  My grandfather told us his father saw him do his show on a street corner in San Francisco.  ‘Painless’ Parker’ would have a patient in his dental chair, tilted back so he could look into the guy’s mouth.  After a good look he’d go out in the crowd, bug out his eyes and loudly proclaim, “It’s got to come out!”
“Then he’d go back to the patient, produce and extraction tool and yank out the tooth.  He’d bug his eyes out again and run out in the crowd to show them the tooth, and give them some dental-speak about why he’d had to perform this life saving procedure.”
Fran laughed, “That’s entertainment.”
“Want to go for a coffee?”
“Sure.”
The found a place that served coffee and didn’t mind Fran skating to a table.  Bobby walked to the counter and walked to the table with the coffee.
“Thanks Bobby,” said Fran when he set the coffee in front of her. “Maybe I can buy you a five course dinner one of these days.”
“Sure, one of these days, if you want to.”
“Least I could do for a guy who swooped in like a super hero with a first aid kit.  Most super heroes I know don’t carry a first aid kit – the best they can do is pick you up and fly you to the hospital.”
“You’ve got a good sense of humor Fran, especially for a girl who just took a painful spill.”
“It’s not as bad since you stopped pouring hydrogen peroxide on me, which,” Fran looked at Bobby and held up her hand,  ”I know you did to help me, for which I’m truly appreciative.  Can I ask you a personal question?”
“Ah, sure, I think.”
“Why do you go by Bobby instead of Robert or Bob?”
“I’ll definitely answer the question but before I do can you tell me why you asked?”
“Okay.  I have a cousin named Daniel and when he was a kid everyone called him Danny, sometimes Danny Boy.  When he was 12 years old he went around at a family get together and told all the relatives that he no longer wanted to be called Danny, he was Dan now.”
“Did it work?”
“Yes, people started calling him Dan although I think he had to remind them once in awhile.”
Bobby looked at Fran for a long minute before saying, “Well, I have a similar tail.  At the same age I did the same thing, at my aunts wedding.  It was a good place for it, everyone was there.  The men, all wearing suits or tuxedos, told me, ‘sure kid, no problem,’ and forgot about it before the groom took off the bride’s garter.
“The women said, ‘sure honey,’ patted my head, and have never called me anything but Bobby from that day to this.  One great aunt pinched my cheeks and said, ‘Bobby is such a beautiful name, why would you change it?’ A few of my cousins would call me Bob and then say, ‘or is it Robert the Bruce?’  For a short time they called me ‘the Bruce’ but got tired of it and reverted to Bobby.
“So then I had to make a decision, spend the next ten, twenty or thirty years correcting everyone who called me Bobby, or forget my quest and go with the flow, which is what I decided to do.  I embraced the Bobby.”
“Are you happy with the decision?”
“Absolutely. It made life a lot easier.  And I like the name now.  Did you know there are a lot of famous Bobbies?”
“No.”
“Oh yes, there is Bobby Kennedy, Bobby Fisher, Bobby Thomson……”
“Who’s that?  Bobby Thomson?”
“He was a baseball player who hit a 3 run home run against the Brooklyn Dodgers in a National League playoff game that won the 1951 pennant for the New York Giants.  They called it ‘The Shot Heard ‘Round the World.’  The Giants announcer kept shouting over and over, ‘The Giants won the pennant.  The Giants won the pennant.’  They still play him yelling that on the radio from time to time, usually in a medley of great sports moments.
“Alright, Bobby Darin, actor, musician, he wrote and preformed ‘Mack the Knife’, one of the biggest selling hits ever.”
“I know that song, it’s about…..actually I never could figure out exactly what it was about.  Was Mack the knife itself or the name of the assassin who used a knife on his victims?”
“I don’t know.  I could never figure it out either.”
“In any case it’s a catchy song but pretty grim.”
“It is a pretty grim subject, but it was only one song of many.  He wrote and sang a lot of other songs like ‘Splish Splash,’ ‘Dream Lover,’ and ‘Beyond the Sea.’  Made a lot of movies as well and preformed in all the biggest and best night clubs of his day.“
Fran was quiet for a minute, then smiled and said, “You sure know your Bobbies.”
“Have to.  This isn’t the first time I’ve had to defend the Bobby coat of arms.”
“Oh God, I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to…”
“Don’t worry, I actually get a kick out of it.  Let me knock off a couple more Bobbies while I’m on a roll: Bobby Rydell, Bobby Burns the English poet, Bobby Hatfield, one of the Righteous Brothers and Bobby Bonds, professional baseball player, 3 time all-star and 3 time Golden Glove winner, father of Barry Bonds who holds the career record of most home runs in baseball and the unofficial record of injecting more steroids into his body then anyone in the history of the game.”
Fran said, “Can I restock your first aid kit.”
“Alright, my mother would love you for that.”
“She’s a big fan of first aid kits?”
“Huge. She gave all of her kids a first aid kit when they bought their first car.  Then she’d check to see we still had them before our birthdays.  If we did she’d buy us a birthday present, if not she’d buy us a new first aid kit.”

At 8:30 pm Fran, back home for the evening, was about to call Gloria when the phone rang.  Fran looked at the number but didn’t recognize it.  She picked up the receiver.
“Hello?”
“Hello Fran, this Randy Finch.”
“How is it that you have my number?”
“You gave it to me, a long time ago.”
“When we’re through talking, please get rid of it.”
“Of course, I will.”
Finch sounded polite, that has to be a good sign.  There was something else thought Fran.  Finch had also lost his cocky ‘I’m the coolest guy in town’ tone that he used with everybody but his bosses.  Rick must have put the fear of God into the bastard.
“So what is it Finch?”
“I just want to apologize for the little misunderstanding we’ve had over the last few months.”
“Little misunderstanding, is that how you see it?  My lawyer has another name for it – he calls it sexual harassment.
“Could we not talk about lawyers at this point?”
“Why not?  When you go to court you need a lawyer.  You’re going to need one but I doubt you’ll be able find a barracuda like mine.”
“Maybe we won’t need to go to court.”
“How are we going to do that?  It seems unavoidable to me.”
Finch did most of the rest of the talking.  He said what he’d do.  He said what he’d refrain from doing.  He said he’d apologize to whoever he needed to.  He said he do whatever he could to make things right.
When he was done Fran said, “I’ll talk to my lawyer,” and hung up.

Then she called Gloria.
“Hi Fran.”
“Hi Gloria, how are you?”
“Great, what’s happening?  Finch talk to you yet?”
“I just got off the phone with him.”
“Really?  How did it go?”
I’d say it went pretty well.”
“Wow.  So what happened?”
“I can tell you but I had an idea.  What if I tell Rick first and then he tells you?  That way he’ll hear it first and hopefully I won’t miss anything.”
“How about if I put it on speaker?”
“Good, but I have something else to tell you first.”
“Go for it.”
“I went roller bladding this afternoon which was great until I fell and scrapped my shoulder and back like carrots on a grater.”
“Ohhhh, sounds painful.”
“It was but this guy helped me out.  He had a first aid kit in his car so he cleaned the wound and bandaged it up.”
“That’s good. So is he a nice guy, or just a good first aid responder?”
“He acts like a nice guy.  Took me out for coffee then we hung around the beach until about 6:30 when he asked if I’d like to go out to dinner.  We went to the Vera Cruz Fish House and had a great dinner and then he dropped me off at my car without trying to get me to bring him home.”
“Sounds like a nice guy.”
“Yeah, I think he is.”  Fran waited a few seconds and then said, “I wanted to ask you something but if you don’t like the idea just say so, I won’t feel bad.”
“Okay.”
“I was wondering if Bobby, that’s the guy’s name, and I could come out to Vegas and hang out with you guys for the weekend?”
“That’d be fun.”
“I think so to.”
“Have you asked him if he wants to come?”
“Not yet, I wanted to check with you first, but I know he’s free this weekend.”
“Okay, I’ll ask Rick and get back to you within 30 minutes.”

Rick thought Fran was a live wire and she’d be a lot of fun.  Even if her date turned out to be a dud, Fran would probably make up for it. “Sounds good to me,” he said.
Gloria called Fran and said, “Rick’s cool with it, thinks it will be fun.”
“Great, I’ll call Bobby and see if he can make it.”
“If you want to stay where we are you can book the Four Queens on line.  We’re in 824.  Also we’re going to see The Peep Show tomorrow at eight, at the Planet Hollywood and Sunday at 9 am we’re flying by helicopter to the Grand Canyon.  Both of these are booked under Rick Mills, so if you book tickets you can ask for seats next to him for the Peep Show and the same helicopter to the Grand Canyon.  But don’t feel like you have to come with us, I’m just telling you what we’re doing in case you want to come.”
“I get it.  I’ll find out if Bobby can come and go from there.  What are your seat numbers for the Peep Show?”
Gloria looked them up and told her, then gave her the name of the helicopter company.  “In case you want to go.”
“Thanks.  I’ll let you know as soon as I get a decision from Bobby. Hey put it on speaker so I can give him the scoop on Finch.”
“Okay, Rick,” Gloria called.  “Fran wants to talk to you.”
Rick came to the phone, “Hello my beautiful fiancé.”
“I can’t wait until we’re married so you’ll quit calling me that.”
“Sorry, sorry.  So what did Finch have to say?”
Fran gave him the run down on her conversation with Finch.
“It sounds good,” said Rick, “sounds like he’d like to see the whole thing go away.”
“That was the message I got to.  I told him I’d talk to my lawyer and get back to him.”
“Maybe we could talk it over when you come out here and we could have it settled by Monday.”
“That would be great.  And thanks so much for helping me with this.  What would I have done without you?”
“I don’t know but I’m glad I could help.  After all if you can’t help you fiancé, who can you help?”


* * *



Chapter 9


Fran got hold of Bobby and asked him if he wanted to go with her to Vegas.
“Sure I’ll go,” said Bobby, “it sounds great.”
“We can split the cost, alright?”
“Yes.”
“How about you book us for two nights at the Four Queens and I’ll get tickets for the Peep Show.  We can settle up later.  Oh, Gloria and Rick are in room 824 so if you can get a room close to them, great.”
“Okay.  What about the helicopter ride?”
“I can do some research and we can talk about it on the way to Las Vegas.  My guess is it will cost more then I’m willing to pay.”
“That could be.  What time should I pick you up?”
“Eight o’clock.  Here’s my address.”
Bobby wrote it down as Fran recited it. “Got it. I’ll see you at eight.”
“Oh Bobby, one other thing.”
“Yes?”
“We’ll be staying in the same room but maybe we could refrain from any sex until we get to know each a little better.”
“My thoughts exactly.”
“Really?”
“No, but it’s okay, we can wait.  I have a question though, are you going to go into the bathroom every time you need to change your clothes?”
“I don’t think so.  If you’re a good boy I’ll give you a private Peep Show now and then.”
Bobby snapped his cell phone shut, threw a closed fist into the air, and yelled, “Yes!”
Yesterday he’d been sitting on a bench at the beach not because he wanted to enjoy the sun, the sand and the view but because he really didn’t have anything better to so.  Bobby, who self analyzed himself from time to time, thought he’d been mildly depressed.  But then this Amazon goddess comes flying down the path and falls, and of all the people that see it only he can help her because only he has a first aid kit!
So he patches her up and they spend the rest of the day together.  They have dinner and the next day she calls him and asks if he wants to go to LasVegas with her.  So now he’s about to book a room and tomorrow night he’ll be in Vegas with a woman who could pass for Scarlet Johansson’s first cousin.  A woman who was not only beautiful, but was fun, smart, and liked him unless she invited guys she didn’t like to Vegas, which didn’t seem likely.
The ‘no sex before we get to know each other rule’ wasn’t cause to celebrate but how long could it take to get to know each other?   Bobby thought of ‘Vanilla Sky,’ which he’d picked up at Blockbuster after Frank had quoted the line about money the day he got out of prison.  In the film Tom Cruise tells Carmen Diaz that when a man and a woman are attracted to each other, and put off having sex, the anticipation builds to the point that when they finally do, the intensity is overwhelming.
Bobby hadn’t cared for the movie but had to admit, ‘Vanilla Sky’ had some memorable lines.

Rick and Gloria slept for over an hour and then they woke up and got dressed.
Gloria said, “What’s the plan?”
“I thought you were the planner.”
“I can help but it has to be a joint effort so we share the credit or the blame.”
“Okay, sounds reasonable,” said Rick.

“What about we find a place to eat, and since we haven’t booked any shows, let’s play some poker afterwards.  It could be your lucky night at Binions.  When I won the $385 there was a full blown maniac to my left and a border line maniac across from me.  I only played there one time so I don’t know if that’s the norm or not but if it is you’ll make money.”
“Are you going to play there?”
“I want to try the Golden Nugget, a place I’ve haven’t played before,” said Gloria as she opened her HP Mini, brought up Google and typed Binion’s Casino.
“What are you doing?”
“I want to see what Wikipeda has to say about the Binions.” Gloria read a bit and then said, “Looks like Frank Salucci and Benny Binion had something in common: they both did time for income tax evasion  It says that in 1951 Benny  bought the Eldorado Club and Apache Hotel and reopened them as Binion’s Horseshoe Casino , and that he spent 1953 to 1957 in Leavenworth Penitentiary. You know we can both play at the Golden Nugget if you want.”
“No, I’ll play at Binion’s, see if I can beat your record.”
“Okay.  Now, what about dinner?”
“I know you have an idea and I know I’m not even close to one.”
“I think there’s a good restaurant in this hotel called Hugo’s Celler.  They encourage you to dress up but, from what I understand, won’t keep you out if you don’t.”
“You want to get dressed up?”
“Sure, it’s fun.”
“Okay, let’s do it but I’m not going to be able to get too dressed up.  I didn’t bring a sports coat.”
“It’s too hot for a sports coat.  Just do your best, you’ll look great.”
Gloria used the house phone and asked to be connected to Hugo’s Celler.  When someone answered the phone she asked for reservations at 7:30 pm.  She gave her name, thanked whoever was on the line, and hung up.
“Reservations at 7:30.”
“Great,” said Rick, looking at his watch.  “You mind if I check and see if there’s a NBA playoff games on?”
“Go right ahead.”
Rick used the remote to turn on the television, then flipped through the channels until he found a game.  After a few minutes the commercials came on.
“When you were flipping through the channels before I saw this cooking show I really like.  Is it all right if we watch it while the commercials are on?”
“Sure,” said Rick, handing her the remote.
Gloria found the cooking show and they watched for awhile.  When she switched back to the game the ads were over and the game was in progress.
When the commercials came on Gloria switched over to the cooking show and, after a while, back to the game.  This happened a number of times before Rick noticed they were watching the basketball game only when the cooking show commercials were on.
“Cooking shows: the enemy of sports,” Rick mumbled under his breath.
Pretty soon they’d be buying up sports bars and changing them into cooking show bars and Las Vegas would be laying odds on who would get “chopped.”
At 7:15 Gloria and Rick stepped out of their room and walked down to the elevator.  Gloria wore a white blouse and a dark skirt that stopped just above the knee.  She wore black medium high heels and a silver necklace and bracelet.  Nick wore a blue long sleeve shirt, dark slacks, and black dress shoes.
“You’re looking very smart Mr. Mills,” said Gloria as they rode down in the elevator.
“As do you Ms. Hesselgrave, as do you.”
The floor of the Four Queens casino was L shaped.  From the hotel lobby Rick and Gloria walked straight across the casino floor and turned left at the first opportunity.  Hugo’s Cellar was about twenty yards up on the left.  A stairway took them down to the restaurant where there was a small bar and a stand where the reservations were held.
Gloria gave their names to a gentleman at the stand and he checked them against his list.  When he was satisfied he led them back into the restaurant, got them seated, and disappeared.  A minute later a waiter in a dark tuxedo appeared and gave Gloria a single rose.  She thanked him and put the rose into a small vase near her place setting.  The man, who looked to be about 45 or 50, introduced himself and said he’d be their waiter for the evening.  He passed them the drinks menu and asked if they’d eaten at Hugo’s Cellar before.  When Rick and Gloria both said no he explained a little about the restaurant, when it started and how they made each salad at the table to the customer’s specifications.
When he was done the waiter asked if they would like to order a cocktail.
Gloria, who’d been looking at the drinks menu, said, “I’d like a vodka martini, dry please.”
The waiter wrote down the order and then looked at Rick who ordered without looking at the menu.
“I’ll have a Rob Roy, straight up with a twist.”
The waiter nodded, wrote it down, and headed for the bar.  Gloria pulled her dinner menu forward but didn’t open it.
“Tell me Rick, what’s in a Rob Roy, straight up with a twist?”
“I have no idea, except it might contain Scotch since Rob Roy was a Scotchmen”
“Why did you order it if you don’t know what it is?”
“I’ve always wanted to, ever since I saw a movie called ‘True Confessions,’
which takes place in L.A. after World War II.  Robert DeNiro and Robert Duval are brothers: DeNiro is a smooth talking priest, an up and comer in the Los Angles diocese, and Robert Duval is a homicide detective with the LAPD.  Duval is investigating a murder and DiNero may or may not know people who know something about it.
“Anyway, at one point in the movie they go into this first class restaurant for lunch and the waiter asks them if they’d like a drink.  DeNiro says, ‘Rob Roy, straight up, with a twist.’  The waiter writes it down then looks at Duval, who says, ‘Schlitz, straight up, no twist.’”
“Well I’m glad I got to be with you when you finally got your chance to order a Rob Roy, straight up, with a twist but you should have told me you were going to do it.  That way I could of said, Miller Lite, straight up, no twist.”
“That’s true but then you’d be drinking a Miller Lite instead of a vodka martini.”
“Good point.”
The drinks came in a bottle that was in a basket of ice and the waiter poured from the bottle into a martini glass.  When he was done pouring there was a lot more left in the bottles.
Gloria raised her glass, and when Rick saw it he raised his as well.  Gloria clinked glasses and said, “Here’s to our vacation.  It’s really fun.  Thanks for bringing me.”
“You’re welcome and thanks for coming.  Could you imagine me eating here alone and then going back to my room to sleep by my lonesome after losing at Binions, or winning at Binions with no one to tell?  I don’t know which would be worse.”“Losing would be worse.”
“Yeah, you’re right.  I’m glad you came with me though.”
“Me to.”
Gloria ordered Chilean Sea Bass and Rick went with Ribeye Steak.  The waiter asked if they’d like wine.  Gloria and Rick looked at each other and Gloria asked the waiter if they could have a minute to think about it.
“Certainly,” said the waiter who moved toward the kitchen with their orders.
“What do you think?” said Rick.
“Well, it’s either have the wine or play poker.  One or the other but not both.”
“So what do you want to do?”
“I’d rather play poker but I’m good either way.”
“Lets play poker, I want to take a crack at Binions.”
When the waiter came back Gloria told him they’d pass on the wine.  Then another waiter showed up rolling a small table used to make the table-side salad.  The waiter put some romaine lettuce on a large salad plate, looked at Gloria and said, “Tomato wedges?”
“Yes,” said Gloria and the waiter tossed the tomato wedges in with the lettuce.
After that the waiter went rapid fire through the rest of the choices. “Marinated artichoke and hearts of palm? Sliced mushroom? Blue cheese crumbles? Croutons? Chopped egg? Red onion? Bay shrimp?”
Gloria said yes to everything but croutons and given the choice of Caesar, creamy pepper, and honey-walnut vinaigrette dressing, she chose Caesar.
Rick’s asked for vinaigrette dressing, croutons and no bay shrimp.  The rest of the salad was the same as Gloria’s.
“That was an exercise in rapid fire decisions,” said Gloria.
“Yes, I’m glad you went first, it gave me time to think.”
The salads were excellent as were the entrees.  They didn’t have wine but the drinks lasted throughout the meal.  At the end of the dinner the waiter brought white and dark chocolate dipped strawberries, apricots, and figs with a fresh cream dip.
“These are great,” said Rick, as he bit into a chocolate strawberry.
Gloria, who had a mouthful of apricots, looked up and nodded.
They decided to forgo dessert, paid the bill in cash and made their way out to Freemont Street.   On the other side of the walking street was Binion’s Casino.
“There it is,” said Gloria, “the formally fabled Binion’s Horseshoe Casino, now known as Binion’s Casino.  So you’re going to play there?”
“Yeah, for awhile.  All that food made me tired. You want me to walk you over to the Nugget?”
“Sure, thanks.”
The Golden Nugget was just around the corner and the poker room was through the casino, all the way to the far wall.  Many casinos, like the Pechanga in Temecula and Caesar’s Palace in Las Vegas, have actual rooms set aside for nothing but poker.  Others, like the Golden Nugget, had poker tables fenced off from the rest of the table games and slot machines, keeping the poker room exclusively for poker players.
The fence, commonly referred to as the rail, was usually about waist high and was sometimes populated by players who had been playing in one of the games inside.  Probably the player who was “on the rail” had lost all the money he had with him and was deciding whither to use an ATM machine, or was just watching awhile before he went home or back to his hotel. Or he could be a new player checking the games out before he decided if he was going to play or not.  Or maybe someone who’d never played but was curious.
But if you heard someone say, “I was on the rail most of yesterday,” or “he was on the rail an hour after the game started,” that meant those players busted out.
The floor man stood at a little slanted desk just inside a gate in the rail.  Gloria asked him if he had any two-five no limit hold ‘em.
The floor man said, “You’ll be first up. Name?”
“Gloria.  Which table is it?”
“Table 7, right over there,” said the floor man,  pointing toward a table up against a wall.
Gloria looked over and tried to get a quick read on each of the players.  There was a woman who looked about 45 give or take, dressed nice although not fashionable.  She had a few hundred in chips, probably winning.  Gloria figured her for a conservative player, someone who could be bluffed but could also bluff you off a winning hand if you couldn’t read her.  She’s not here to have fun, this is how she makes her money, or some of it at least.
“What are you doing?” asked Rick.
“I’m trying to size up the players I’ll be facing soon.”
“By looking at them from over here?  You can’t see their cards or even the board can you?”
“No, but I can players and maybe get a take on them.”
“Does it work?”
“A lot of the time it does and once I start playing and find out I was off I  adjust my thinking and go on from there.  So it’s no big deal if I get it wrong and if I get it right it can be a help.  See that guy sitting next to the women?  Looks about 35, wearing a sports coat over a grey T shirt?”
“Yeah, I see him.”
“I’ve played with him before at the Pechanga.  He’s a tough player, he plays loose but strong.”
“As opposed to what?”
“As opposed to a tight strong player for instance.  A tight, strong player is usually a tough player as well but they almost always have a strong hand in a big pot.  So if your hand isn’t a monster you probably can’t beat him and should fold.  A loose, strong player, like that guy next to the lady, might have a big hand in a big pot, or he might have a marginal hand, or he might be on a bluff.  It’s hard to know what he’s got, so it’s difficult to make a decision.”
“So what do you do?”
“If I’ve got any kind of a hand at all I’ll usually call because I can beat a bluff, I most likely can beat a marginal hand, and will lose to a big hand.  So I have favorable odds and should win two thirds of the time.  Of course my opponent might have five powerhouses in a row, in which case I’ll lose a bundle.  But he might have a string of weak hands and bluffs and I’ll win a lot of chips.”
“You give this a lot of thought don’t you.”
“You have to if you want to win.”
“How long do you want to play?”
“Two or three hours, but if this game is too tough and I can’t get a better one, I’ll be out of here in less than an hour.  How about you?”
“Couple of hours.  If I cash out first I’ll come here and if you do I’ll be at Binions.”
“Deal.”
“Gloria H?” the floor man said.
Gloria held up her hand.
“Your seat is available on table 5.”
Gloria turned to Rick.  “Okay, I’ll see you in a couple of hours.”
“I got a feeling you’re going to get ‘em.  Good luck.”
“You to babe.”
Rick watched Gloria walk over to the table and take a seat. He decided to watch her play a hand or two, no more then that. He had a feeling Gloria wouldn’t want him to hang around for long.  The dealer dealt and the man under the gun came in for a raise.  There were two calls by the time it got to Gloria, who also called.  The player behind Gloria folded and the small and big blinds called.  The dealer burned one card and dealt three cards down in front of himself and spread them across the center of the table: 9, 8, 2, rainbow.
The big and small blinds checked and the opener bet two thirds the size of the pot.  The next player called, the next folded, Gloria called and the two blinds folded.
It was then that Gloria looked up, saw Rick, and frowned.  Rick immediately nodded and touched two fingers to the side of his forehead in a mock salute.  Then he turned and left. His intention was to walk out the door of the Golden Nugget and over to Binion’s but his curiosity wouldn’t let him, he had to see how the hand turned out.
Before he reached the exit he turned right and twenty yard later he made another right back towards the table.  When he got as close to the table as he needed to be he was to Gloria’s right and back a good distance.  She wouldn’t see him unless turned around.  Rick couldn’t see the board from where he was but he could follow the action by watching the players and the dealer, who was about to deal the last card.
When the last card hit the table the first of the three players left in the hand checked.  The next player put in a sizeable bet and then Gloria, after thinking for a moment, raised.  The player who’d check folded, and the better pondered for a long time.  He separated the chips he’d need to call, which was most of his stack, he stared at Gloria, he mumbled to himself and scratched his head. In Rick’s experience people who took a long time contemplating a call folded 90% of the time.  His theory was that most of the players who put on this show know they’re going to fold as soon as their opponent’s bet but think folding quickly shows weakness and might encourage other player’s to bluff them in the future.  Rick thought ‘the long fold’ was a waist of time: make your decision, make your move, live with the results and move on to the next hand.
The guy Gloria raised was not that guy.  In this hand, at least, he was a 10%er.  After his long contemplation he pushed his chips into the center and called.  Rick couldn’t see what he or Gloria had but he knew Gloria won when the dealer pushed her the chips.  The guy she beat was nodding.  “Good hand,” he said as he called for more chips.
Rick walked out the door and down the street happy that Gloria was off to a profitable start.  He entered Binion’s and walked toward where he guessed the poker room would be.  The feel of the casino was different from any he’d ever been in.  It was old, you could tell that, but it was clean and well kept.  Nice carpets, polished wood, low ceilings.  It made him feel like he’d traveled back in time to the early fifties, when Robert Duval and Robert DeNiro might drive up from L A and ask a cocktail waitress for a Schlitz and Rob Roy, straight up with a twist.  By the time Rick found the poker room he’d decided Binions was a cool and interesting place.
There were four games going in the poker room and Rick could see there were seats open in two of them.  But first he wanted to check out the large framed photos that lined the walls.  Rick considered himself a slightly above average poker player.  He knew he’d never play for a living but enjoyed watching the lions and legends of the game in the big money tournaments on TV.  So walking around Binions viewing the photos of famous gamblers at various World Series of Poker tournaments was a treat.  One picture showed prize money on the table, bundles of hundred dollar bills, with Doyle Brunson, Stu Unger, Jack Binion and others grinning for the camera.  Stu Unger, who was born in 1953, would have been 27 or 28 when the picture was taken but he looked no older than 16.  Rick guessed that not a bar in the universe would sell Unger a beer without checking his ID.
Before Barnes and Noble removed most of the chairs that people used to sit around and read in, Rick had picked up a copy of Stu Unger’s biography, sat in a comfy chair, and read half a dozen chapters.  He learned that Stu Unger was estimated to have won $100,000,000 in his lifetime but, when he died his friends had to take a collection to cover the funeral expenses.  He summed up his poker philosophy with the words, “I want to destroy people at the poker table.” On another occasion he said,   “I never want to be known as a good loser.  Show me a good loser and I’ll show you a loser.”
On one wall hung pictures of the winners of the World Series all the way back to 1970 when it first started.  Stu Unger was there with wins in ’80, ’81 and ’97.  Doyle Brunson and Johnny Chan won twice in two consecutive years.  Johnny Moss won the first two series and won again in 1974, making him and Unger the only two men to win three times.
It’s usually pointed out that Moss’s first win was when the series was in a different format.  The play was timed and cut off at a predetermined point, unlike the next year, and from then on, when the player’s played until every gambler but one was eliminated. In 1970 Moss was voted the best player by his fellow gamblers and thus considered the winner of the first World Series.
Rick could see that an argument could be made that Moss’s first win wasn’t really a win in the true sense of the word.  But penalizing Moss for that would be like penalizing Oscar Robertson for not hitting any three pointers in the days before three pointers existed.
Also being voted the best, by arguably the greatest players in the world, is no small potatoes.  And lastly it takes a lot of skill to be the last gambler standing at the final table – a lot of skill and no small measure of luck.  In the last hand of the 1980 series Stu Unger, holding a 4, 5 of spades, bet $40,000 on a draw to an inside straight.  He made it and consequently busted Doyle Brunson who had Aces up.  If Unger hadn’t hit the straight Doyle would have almost assuredly won his third World Series Championship bracelet.
But who knows, thought Rick, and what does it matter?  They were both great players, both Hall of Famers, and they both left their mark on the world of poker.
Rick found a floor man and asked if he had a one, two no limit hold ‘em games available, preferably with a few loose players.  The floor man looked back and forth between two tables and finally pointed at one.
“That’s your best bet,” he said.  “Seat number three.”
“Thanks,” said Rick and walked to the table.  As he sat down he looked around at the chip stakes.  Four or five people had stacks between $80 and $120 and one had under $50.  The remaining players had stacks over $200 with the chip leader at about $360.
Then the chip lady was at his shoulder.  “How many chips would you like?”
“Two hundred,” said Rick as he took out his wallet and laid a hundred dollar bill and five twenties on the table.
The woman took the money and gave Rick $160 in five dollar chips and $40 in ones.  “Good luck,” she said as she walked away.
The dealer dealt the cards around the table, Rick squeezed his two, saw trash and tossed them into the muck.  Five hands later Rick was convinced that the chip leader didn’t believe in trash hands.  He now had over $400 stacked in front of him, and had been in every hand since Rick had sat down.  Rick was pretty sure that he and his chips would soon be parted.  In the five hands the guy had  played he’d raised twice before the flop.  He won one of those hands on the spot when no one called his raise.  His second raise was re-raised and he folded. He’d won a medium sized pot with a bet, maybe a bluff, that a rock, who looked older than dirt, didn’t call.   He saw the flop and folded the other two hands.
An hour later the fast and loose chip leader had $460 and Rick was up $120.  He’d stolen some blinds and won a small pot from the fast and loose chip leader.  Rick’s big hand came when he held a Jack, 10 and the flop came Queen, 9, 8, giving Rick a nicely concealed nut straight.  Fast and loose checked and the next player bet twenty.  A tourist, who’d said he was in college at Boise State, called as did Rick who didn’t want to lose anyone yet.  Fast and loose folded.
The turn card was a six of spades which Rick figured didn’t help anyone but when the action got to the college boy he bet $80.  Rick studied the board and realized that the guy could have 10, 7 which would give him a ten high straight.  If he had the straight Rick could call or raise.  He decided to call, hoping the kid would see it as a week play.  If he did he’d probably bet his straight on the river.  If he checked Rick would bet.
On the river the college boy went all in for $97 and Rick called.  The kid from Boise State, sure he had a winner, turned over his 10, 7.  When Rick laid down the jack, 10 it took the guy a minute to realize he’d been beat by a higher straight.  When it finally sunk in he shook his head, grimaced, and bought  another $100.
About a half an hour later the fast and loose chip leader, called an unraised pot before the flop.  The flop came Q, Q, 2 in three different suits.  The big blind, who seemed like a solid player bet $18 and the chip leader raised $40.  A guy from New York thought a moment and called, as did the big blind.  The turn was a 7 of spades, probably no help to anyone.
This time the big blind checked and the chip leader bet $90.  The New Yorker called and the big blind folded.  The dealer flipped over the river card, a jack of hearts, probably another non- factor, Rick guessed. The chip leader bet $200.
“I call,” said the New Yorker with a smile as he pushed in the rest of his chips.  He was sure that he had the best hand and was about to take down what looked to be biggest pot of the night.
“Let’s see ‘em,” said the dealer.
The New Yorker tossed over an ace, queen giving him a set of queens with the highest kicker.  The chip man laid down a queen and a two, he’d flopped a full house.  He smiled as he raked in the pot of $700 and change,   wisely avoiding the gaze of the New Yorker, who was mightily pissed off but under control.  Rick began to wonder about the fast and loose chip leader.  He’d seen a lot of wild players, players that sometimes got way ahead, but almost always busted out and went home broke.
But in the hour and a half that Rick had been in the game the chip leader’s  stack had steadily grown.  It seemed he’d been in at least half the hands, which meant he’d play any two cards, like the Q, 2 that just won him the night’s largest pot.  Rick decided to pay close attention to the chip leader and see if he could learn something.  The man looked to be in his early thirties.  I t was hard to judge his height from a sitting position but Rick put him at about 5’10.” He had a muscular upper body but it didn’t look like he got it weightlifting, maybe from swimming or calisthenics.   His hair was brown and medium length and he had a mustache. He hadn’t shaved for 3 or 4 days, which in the past would have been considered unkempt but now, in the new millennium, was a “look.”
He wore a short sleeved sport shirt with an opened collar and no T-shirt, at least not one you could see at his throat.  He looked like an intelligent guy but Rick couldn’t see how he was winning playing so many hands.  Rick would watch him and try to see how he won, or how he went broke in the next half hour, like many a wild man before him.
Rick played for another hour and got his stack to $358. His last few wins were small pots that didn’t go beyond the flop but increased his chips a little at a time.  The chip leader slowed down some, playing in only 25% of the hands.  Rick wondered if he was changing his game because he knew he was being studied and didn’t want Rick to steel his mojo.  Crazy?  Probably, but who knew?


* * *



Chapter 10


The chip leader’s new style kept him even and when Rick got up from the table the chip man had a little over $800 in front of him.  If he’d bought in for $200 he was ahead $600, a very nice win for a game that size, Rick thought.  He cashed in his chips at the cashiers window and headed out of the casino on to Freemont Street.  He looked at his watch and wondered if he had time for a quick walk up the street.  If Gloria was done she would have come looking for him, unless she went for a walk as well.  Not likely, thought Rick, deciding to walk five minutes up and five minutes back.
Rick noticed was that even though it was after 11pm nothing was closed.  Casinos, restaurants and bars, souvenir shops, liquor stores – all open for business.  Up ahead a few hundred yards Rick saw what looked like a plasma screen coming out from a building.  On the screen were head and shoulder shots of attractive women with seductive smiles floating by one after another, promising things to come.
When he got closer he saw that the screen was an ad for a gentleman’s club, or a strip bar for the non-gentleman.  Two barkers, young attractive scantily clad women, a blonde and brunette, were smiling and talking to the men passing by, trying to turn them into customers.
When Rick walked by the blonde said, “Come in my handsome young man, we’ll make you feel so, so good.”  She emphasized the “so, so,” drawing it out so it sounded both sexy and sincere.
The brunette said, “No cover, just a two drink minimum.”
Rick hadn’t stopped walking but he was right in front of the girls now.  He halted and looked from the brunette to the blond.  “Thanks for the offer ladies.  I’m meeting someone now but maybe another time.”
“After you meet them why don’t you bring them here?” said the brunette.
“I don’t think she’s into gentleman’s clubs.”
“You might be surprised.   A lot of men bring their dates these days.  A lot of women want to try something different.”
“I’ll ask her,” Rick said, as he pushed off back toward the Golden Nugget.
“See you again, baby,” said the blonde.

Rick was about to walk into the Golden Nugget when he saw Gloria walking toward him.  She greeted him with a kiss and he put his arm around her waist as they made their way down the walking street.  Just then a couple of teenage girls shrieked as they zipped by overhead on the Flightlinez; a cable that runs over 800 feet from platform to platform and carries riders at speeds up to 30 mph.
“Let’s do that before we leave,” said Gloria.
“Deal.  What do you want to do now?”
“Go to the Four Queens and sleep.”
“I was hoping you’d say that.”
It only took a couple of minutes to get from the street to their room.
“How did you do?” Gloria said.
“I did okay, I won $158.”
“Good for you,” said Gloria as she kicked off her shoes.
“How did you do?”
“I won $423.”
“Wow, that’s impressive.”  He took off his shoes, laid down with his head on the pillow and his hands behind his head.
“It’s a bigger game with bigger blinds and bigger buy ins.  You might have done as well if you were playing there. Give me the highlights of your game.”
“You go first.”
“I asked you first.”
“The trump card, hey?  Alright I’ll go first.”  He took a deep breath then started.   “The first thing I did was walk around and look at all the pictures which was pretty interesting, especially the wall with all the World Series winners.  Then I played Texas Hold em,’ the best game in the world.”
“So they say.”
“I won a big pot against a college kid who made the low end of a straight and seemed to think he had the nuts.  I’d flopped the nut straight and got him for about one hundred and fifty.
“But the most interesting thing was watching this guy who I thought was a maniac but who steadily won more and more.
“You ever play with those guys who are in every pot, big raisers and big betters, and usually big losers by the end of the night?”
“Sure,” said Gloria, “every poker player has.”
“Well, this guy was all that except he kept winning.”
Gloria looked at her watch.  “It’s still early.  The game could go until 2am or all night.  He might still lose it.”
“Yeah, he might, but somehow I don’t think so.  I’ve seen my share of maniacs but this guy was different.  He played a lot of pots but after I started watching him I noticed he didn’t pay much to see the flop and usually he wouldn’t hang around for the turn.  But sometimes he’d flop a monster, like when he held a Q, 2 and the flop came Q, Q, 2.”
“That’s a hand.  You weren’t in that pot were you?”
“No, thank God.  The only guy up against him after the turn was a guy holding   A, Q.”
“Owe, that’s got to hurt.”
“Yeah, I’m sure it did.  The guy lost his stack, about $300.”
“The guy who won it sounds like a good loose aggressive player to me.”
“Because?”
“Does he comes in for a raise when he’s first to act and steels the blinds?”
“He did plenty of that.”
“He applies pressure with all his betting and raising, intimidates people, pisses some of them off, forces players to make mistakes.  He wants to win big when he’s holding a power house and the way he positions himself to do that is by seeing a lot of flops, cheaply.”
“That sounds like our guy.”
“Not many people want to be in a pot with a Q, 2 off suit but a loose aggressive player likes to give himself a chance.”
“Is that how you play?”
“Sometimes, I like to mix it up a bit.  Usually I’ll start out tight aggressive and try to lull people to sleep.  Then I’ll get loose for twenty minutes or a half hour, before I tighten up again.  It works pretty well and is more fun then waiting all night for Aces, Kings, Queens and board card suited connectors.”
“So tell me how your night went.”
“It went well,” said Gloria, as she stepped out of her dress and hung it in the closet.  “Oh, I wanted to say I hope you didn’t think I was scowling at you when I first sat down.”
Rick laughed.  “As a matter of fact I did.  I thought you were trying to tell me to buzz off.”
“I wasn’t, honest.  I was frowning because this guy had just bet into me and I was trying to come across like I didn’t like it.  The fact was that I’d just flopped a set of 9’s, the nuts at that stage, so I was happy he was betting. I felt bad when you took off.”
Rick watched her in her black bra and panties.  “Don’t feel bad, absolutely no harm done. That was your first hand wasn’t it?”
“Yes.  He flopped the top two pair and bet all the way through.  I smooth called on the flop, smooth called on the turn and then raised on the river and doubled my stack.”
“Good one.  It’s a nice way to start off.”
“Yeah, baby,” said Gloria as she stood by the side of the bed, looking into Ricks eyes.  Without breaking eye contact she reached back, unhooked her bra, pulled it off and tossed it on the other bed.  Tilting her head just a little she began rubbing her breasts and moaning slightly.  Rocking slowly from side to side, she closed her eyes and rolled her nipples between her thumbs and index fingers.  She continued moaning, a little louder now.
She opened her eyes and looked at Rick again.  He was paying close attention.  Her left hand went down to the top of her black panties, her thumb sliding inside.  Her right hand moved down her stomach, her fingers gliding past her belly button.  Her hand stopped and she laughed.  “Better stop there, we need to get some sleep. I do anyway. With all the driving, eating, drinking, gambling and sex I’m exhausted.”
“Are you sure?”
Gloria went to her bag and got a T-shirt.  She pulled it on and said, “I’m beginning to think you’re a very naughty boy.”
“You think so?  I prefer to think of myself as a typical red blooded American guy.”
Gloria went over, pulled back the covers on her side and laid down next to Rick.  “Take off your clothes and let’s get to sleep.”
“Sleep, right.  That’s what you’ve got me thinking about now.”

The next morning Gloria got up at 8:30 and took a shower.  When she came out she could see Rick stirring so she started the coffee and when it was done she poured herself a cup.  Rick was still sleeping, his stirring maybe her imagination since the coffee brewing didn’t wake him.  Gloria read the hotel’s literature and sipped her coffee.
When she was done she lay down on the spare bed, put the back of her head on the pillow and closed her eyes.   A few minutes later Rick got up and poured the last of the coffee into a cup and took it with him to the bathroom where he showered and shaved. When he came out he got dressed he glanced over at Gloria and saw that she was still in the same position.
When she opened her eyes a few minutes later Rick said, “Good morning.  Were you sleeping, I couldn’t tell?”
“No, I was praying.”
“Really?”
“Yes.”
“Oh.”
“Don’t you ever pray?”
“Rarely.”
“I pray fairly often, mostly to help things go the way I want them to.”
“Don’t get me wrong, but isn’t that a bit selfish?”
“I don’t know, people are always working to get what they want and are commended for it.  So why can’t I pray for what I want?  And if it is selfish I’m sure God won’t answer the prayer.”
Rick laughed, “That makes sense.”
“I prayed a lot for you yesterday morning when you talked to Randolph Finch on Fran’s behalf.”
“Come to think of it I prayed to, one of the rare occasions.”
“Looks like it worked, you should keep it up.”
“Maybe.  Speaking of Fran, have you heard anything?”
“I’m betting we’ll hear good news from her today.”

Gloria and Rick found a place on 4th Street for breakfast.  The eggs, hash browns, and toast were all good, the coffee was okay.  When Gloria was finished eating she took the HP mini out of her bag and googled Johnny Moss.
“What are you doing?”
“I thought I’d look up some World Series of Poker history, since so much of it happened across from our hotel.  Okay, here’s Johnny Moss,  he’s the first one to win it right?”
“Yes, he won the first two, and another one a few years later.  What does it have to say about him?”
“It says he was born in 1907 and died in 1995.  Learned the game when he was young, learned to cheat from a group of cheaters and, as a teenager, was hired by a gambling hall owner to keep the games clean.
“It talks about his World Series wins and then about his heads up game with Nick the Greek.”
“That was a famous game,“ said Rick.  “You ever hear of it?”
“No but I’m not a Poker Historian like you seem to be.”
“I’m far from that, but I confess I do like to hear old tales of the green felt.”
“Okay, here’s what it says.  ‘In 1949 Johnny Moss played Nick the Greek, heads up in a 5 month long game set up by Benny Binion.  Moss won between two and four million.  At the conclusion Nick the Greek uttered one of the most famous lines in all of poker, ‘Mr. Moss, I have to let you go.’
“The game is often sited as the inspiration of the World Series of Poker.  It is the foundation of Al Alvarez’s book ‘The Biggest Game in Town’ and is one of the most famous stories in poker.
Gloria said, “You’re not going to like this next part.”
“Why not?”
“I’ll just read it to you.  Despite being one of the best known poker stories a soon to be released book, ‘Showgirl Stories’ by Steve Fisher, claims the game never took place.”
Rick moved around the table and sat next to Gloria so he could see the screen.  She continued reading.
“According to Fisher there were no stories or reports of the game until 6 years after Nick’s death.  Binion never spoke about the game even when giving a detailed history of Las Vegas and avoided answering questions about the game by saying, ‘Well, my memory ain’t what it used to be.’  While Nick the Greek was often covered by the national media there are no news reports in any Vegas or a national source.  Fisher says that nearly ever version is virtually identical to the version first told by Moss beginning around 1971. The story consistently says that the game took place in 1949 at the Horseshoe Casino, a casino that didn’t exist for another year and a half.  Fischer also points out that during the time that Binion was supposedly setting up the game he was fighting off a request by Texas to have him extradited.  Because of his past Binion lost his license to run a gambling establishment in 1948 and did not regain it until April 13,1950.  He was not granted a license to open the Horseshoe Casino until December 5, 1952.  Fischer believes that the notion of Binion sponsoring a poker game, in front of a window, of a casino that hadn’t opened, while fighting extradition is absurd.”
“Wow, that’s a bit of a shocker.”
“Do you believe it?”
“I don’t know.  They seem to have a lot of facts, if they’re true.  One thing they got wrong is that the game was supposedly played in 1949 at the Horseshoe which didn’t exist for another year and a half, which would be in 1951.  Further down it says Binion didn’t get his license to open the Horseshoe until December 5, 1952.  It can’t be both.   What do you think?”
“I don’t know.  I just heard about the game, and then I heard it might not be true.  I don’t have much invested in it either way.”
“That’s true for me to really.  It’s not going to effect my life, make it better or worse.  But it’s weird.  It’s like if I went on line and there was a believable story saying that Babe Ruth never did hit 60 home runs in one season, in fact he never played for the Yankees but spent his whole career in the minor leagues with the Brookaylyn Dodgers farm system.”
“I thought the Dodgers were in L A.”
“They are but they used to be in Brookaylyn.”
“When?”
“Before we were born.”  Rick was quite for a minute and then said, “You ever here of a book called ‘The Big Deal?’  It’s written by this Englishman named Anthony Holden.  It’s a memoir about how he became a professional poker player for a year.  It’s a pretty entertaining book.  At one point he talks about the game between Johnny Moss and Nick the Greek Dandolos, that was Nick’s last name, how they were playing five card stud and Johnny had 9’s wired.  He was betting pretty heavy and Nick stayed with him all the way.  On the last card Nick caught a jack and told Johnny he had a jack in the whole.  Johnny told him, ‘Greek, if you’ve got a jack you’re going to win a whole lot of money.’
Afterwards Johnny said, “That’s all right, if he’s going to chase cards like that I’ll bust him in the end.”
Gloria said, “You know what I think is going to happen?  I think time will go by and more information will come out about the game and did it happen or not. The dust will settle and things will clear up, and we’ll know one way or another.”
“I agree.  And if it did happen, Johnny Moss will be remembered as one of the two players ever to win the WSOP three times and the player to win the 5 month marathon game with Nick the Greek.”
“And if it was bogus?”
“Well then Johnny will be remembered as one of two players ever to win the WSOP three times and the biggest con artist since P.T. Barnum.”

Rick said, “Alright, back to Las Vegas in the 21st Century, what do you want to do today?”
“I’m open to anything but I wouldn’t mind playing some poker.”
“You play a lot, you must like it.”
“I do like it as long as I can afford it.  As long as I win more then I lose. I have a brother in college and I’m able to help him with the extra income.”
“You ever think about doing it full time?”
“No, I wouldn’t want to.  I like nursing and I like variety.  Besides I’m a pretty fair poker player, but I have no desire to go up against pros who do nothing else.  If I start mixing it up with them I don’t feel like I’ll be getting the best of it most of the time.
“How about you?  You seem like more than a casual player.  Sounds like you read a lot as well.”
“Actually I do consider myself a casual player because I don’t play that often.  I play a lot when I have time but then I won’t play for months.  A lot of it depends on if I’m winning or losing.  If I’m winning I’ll keep coming back.  If I lose twice in a row I won’t come back for a month or more.  The reason is, losing pisses me off, especially if I’ve had a few winning sessions and see my money draining back in.  I realize that’s not the most mature way of looking at things but it works for me.
“As far as reading goes I’ve read a number of ‘how to’ books, most of which are pretty interesting, and some memoirs like ‘The Big Deal.’  I want to read ‘Cowboys Full – the History of Poker’ one of these days.”
“Maybe I’ll buy it for you as a present for taking me on this trip.”
“That’s a nice thought.”
“Alright,” said Gloria, changing gears, “how’s this for a plan.  We go down to the Strip, find a casino with a good game and play for a few hours.  Then we can eat down there or come back here and eat, get ready for the show and head back down.  I’m hoping we’ll have hooked up with Fran and her friend and they can give us a ride.”
“So we won’t have to drive the tow truck?”
“With all due respect for your cousin Ed, yes so we won’t have to go in the tow truck.”
“How about now, do you want to take the tow truck or get a cab?”
“What do you want to do?”
“I’d like to take the tow truck.  A cab will cost us $20 each way.”
“Okay, let’s take the truck.”

On the way down the Strip Gloria and Rick decided to check out the poker room at the Bellagio.  They parked in the hotel parking lot which, like most hotels in Las Vegas, was complimentary.
“You can’t beat this town for parking,” said Gloria, as they got out of the truck.
“Good for parking but bad for towing.  With all the free parking there are probably not many calls to tow people off.”  Rick looked at his watch “On another subject, its 10:45 in the morning, do you think they’ll have enough people who want to play poker at this time of day?”
“I guess we’ll find out.”
It was 11 a.m. when they found the poker room and there was no doubt they were open for business with games at 10 or 12 tables.  As they approached a split in the rail a well dressed man in his early forties stepped forward to meet them.
“Good morning folks, how can I help you?”
“Tell me about your no limit hold ‘em games,” said Gloria.
In a clear, crisp voice the man rattled off the blinds and the minimum buy-ins for each of the no limit games currently being played.
Gloria said, “I’ll take the 5, 10.”
Rick, surprised but not wanting to show it, asked Gloria, “How much are you going to buy in for?”
“A thousand.”
Rick dug into his pants pocket, brought out a roll of bills, and counted off five one hundred dollar bills.  “You want to go halves?”
Gloria looked at the money and thought for a moment.  Rick could see it wasn’t an easy decision.  “Whatever you want babe, I’m good either way.”
She smiled, took the $500 and said, “Thanks partner.  What are you going to play?”
“Since we’re increasing our stakes I’m going to go with 2, 5.”
“What are you going to buy in for?”
“What do you recommend?”
“$300 or $400.”
“That’s what I was thinking.  $300 actually.”

“2, 5 then?” said the floorman.
“Yes, and thanks for your patience.”
The floor man directed Rick to his table and walked Gloria to hers, a few tables away.  Rick had a good view of her from where he was sitting.  He could keep an eye on the game and hopefully watch his money grow.
The chip girl came over and asked how much he wanted to buy.  He put $300 on the table and she set down 55 five dollar chips and 25 ones.  “Good luck,” she said.
Rick mucked his first three hands and then decided to take a page from the Q, 2 Kid of the night before.  When three players before him tossed in their cards he opened for $17 with a 10, 5 off suit and collected the blinds when the rest of the table folded.  He watched and folded for a couple of dozen hands until a player to his right opened for $20 after four players in front of him folded.  Rick thought the guy was probably trying to steal the blinds like he had so he raised him $50.
Everyone left folded around to the opener who seemed deep in thought.  He counted out $50 in chips, looked at Rick’s stack, and rattled his own.  Rick figured it was 10 to one the guy was going to fold.  His act was for Rick, and the other players benefit.  He wanted them to believe he wasn’t someone that could be run over, someone who’d give up easily.  This time he was going toss in his hand but be careful, he’d be waiting next time.
The dealer pushed Rick the pot and thanked him for the dollar tip.  Rick stacked his chips and smiled to himself.  This was fun, winning money with trash hands was new for him.
After an hour Rick was up $175 and feeling good.  It was an easy game in the sense that, although there was a fair bit of pre-flop raising, it wasn’t every hand and it was spread out among the players, not restricted to one or two aggressive types.  It was an eclectic group that included a woman who was a dealer in a casino in Montana, three young Frenchmen from Paris who politely spoke English at the table, an Indian who said he’d immigrated to the US ten years ago and played any two suited cards.  He hadn’t hit any flushes but he’d won pots with trips and two pairs.  There was another women, attractive, probably in her late 20’s, who kept looking out into the casino like she was waiting for someone.  Seated next to her was a young man in jeans and a western shirt who was mildly drunk and whose play seemed mildly effected by that fact.  The last player was most likely a dealer.  He seemed to know all the dealers and waiters and was a good tipper.
Rick went card dead for the next hour and watched his $175 dwindle away  in blinds and bets to see flops he never caught a piece of.  He tried to improve a pair of 5’s but didn’t, tried to steal the blinds and got caught, played suited connectors and the flop brought nothing in his suit and nothing connected. And then, finally, he caught a break when he picked up a Q, J of diamonds in the dealers position.  Four people limped in and Rick raised $28.  The small blind called, the big blind folded and two others called, the youngest Frenchman and the lady who still seemed to be looking for someone.
The flop came K,10 of spades, and a 2 of clubs.  The small blind, the Indian who played any suited cards, checked and everyone checked around to Rick.  Having considered his options: to check and let everyone have a free card, to bet and hope everyone called so he’d be getting good odds if he made his straight, or make a sizeable bet and maybe lose any flush drawers and win the pot right there, Rick bet $100.
The Indian looked at his cards, looked at his money and looked at the pot before reluctantly folding.  The Frenchman folded and the lady called and stopped looking around.  The turn card was the 9 of spades giving Rick a king high straight but making a spade flush possible.
Rick had focused on the lady’s eyes and body language when the turn card came and didn’t see much of a reaction so he was surprised when she pushed the rest of her chips into the center.
“I call,” he said and set out a stack of five dollar chips.  The dealer measured it against the lady’s stack and gave three chips back.  He turned over his Q, J.  “I’ve got a king high straight.”
The lady looked at her cards but didn’t turn them over.  The dealer dealt the river card, a 7 of spades and the lady let out a shriek.  “I made it, I won, I have a flush.
“Can we see your cards please,” said the dealer.
“Of course, 10 of hearts, 4 of spades,” she said as she laid them on the table.
“Perfect,” said Rick under his breath.
Just then a guy in a fresh white T-shrit, jeans and Chicago Cubs baseball hat walked up behind the lady and began massaging her shoulders.  She looked up, said hello and continued stacking her chips.
“Sorry I was late.”
“It’s okay, it made it possible for me to win a big pot with a 10, 4 our lucky number.  We were married on October 4th,” she said to the table, “that’s why 10, and 4 are our lucky numbers.”
Rick was glad her husband was there, it made it easier to keep his mouth shut.  Yeah, it was frustrating to have the best hand he’d seen since he’d sat down beaten when the river card puts the forth spade on the board and makes a flush for a women who pays $100 to see the river because she had a 4 (her lucky number) of spades in her hand.  Regardless she’d beaten him, fair and square or fair, square and dumb, depending on how you looked at it.


* * *



Chapter 11


Rick had $45 left and needed to break.  “Deal me out,” he told the dealer as he got up and headed for the men’s.  He found it easy enough, took care of business, washed his hands and stepped back into the card room.  Not far from where he was standing he saw an elevated area enclosed behind a light wood and opaque glass divider.  He saw a couple of people walk in and one walk out.
When a cocktail waitress came by he asked her about the place.
“That’s where the high stakes poker is played,” she said.  She pointed to another room, full of empty poker tables behind glass. “The real high stakes poker is played in Bobby’s Room but that doesn’t happen every day.”
Bobby’s Room, Rick knew, was named for Bobby Baldwin, winner of the 1978 World Series of Poker Main Event, and president of the Bellagio. Rick also knew the cocktail waitress needed to get back to work so he thanked her and watched her move through the tables with her tray of drinks.
Rick walked over to the entrance to the high stakes games and looked in at a game in progress.  A woman, a real heavyweight who, Rick guessed, had to be at least 275 lbs, was raking in a good size pot.  She wore brown cargo shorts, an xxxlarge red T-shirt , and a baseball hat, bill to the back.  She was trash talking the man she’d just beat who was sitting across from her and was dressed almost the same:  T-shirt, shorts, sandals, and hat in the same position.  He was a little lighter, maybe 250, and he too was an accomplished trash talker, even in defeat.
While they were going back and forth a floor man walked up to Rick and said, “There’s a seat open in that game if you’re interested.”
“No thanks,” said Rick.  “There doesn’t seem to be a dress code for the high stakes area, huh?”
The man smiled and said, “None that I’m aware of.”

On the way back to his table Rick saw the dealer push Gloria a big pot. He  smiled.  At least one of them was winning.
Rick took two hundred dollar bills out of his wallet and laid them on the table in front of his chips.
“Two hundred plays,” said the dealer as he dealt Rick his first card.  Before he got his second one a chip runner took the bills and replaced them with two stacks of five dollar chips.
This is it, thought Rick, this $200 works for me or it doesn’t but it’s my last buy-in.  A half a dozen hands later, when Rick was in the big blind, he looked down at 10, 4 of diamonds.  Three people limped in, one of them the woman who married on October 4. No one raised so Rick saw the flop for no extra charge.  He knew any raise would have driven him out so when he saw the flop, 10, J, 10 rainbow he smiled to himself and bet $35.  Everyone called and the dealer turned the 4 of clubs.
“Ten, four,” cried the lady, “my lucky numbers!”
Not this time babe, Rick thought as he bet $75. The lady called without hesitation which wasn’t what Rick wanted to see.  The two other players folded and dealer turned over the river card: 7 of hearts.
Rick had a feeling something was wrong but he didn’t know what.  If the woman had him beat she’d done a good job of smooth calling him all the way.  She had to have the last 10 but what else did she have?  A 7? Not likely.  A 4?  Possibly. If she had a 4 they’d split the pot. Or did she have a Jack?  Oh God, please don’t let her have a Jack.
Rick had just over one hundred left and the lady had him covered.  He could bet it all and she’d call or he could check and call her bet.  Either way if she held a Jack he was toast.
“Check.”
The woman waited for a few seconds and then said, “Check.”
Rick and the lady turned over their cards and the dealer called their hands, Rick’s first.  “Full house, tens over fours.”
He looked at the lady’s hole cards, a Jack and a ten, and announced, “Full house, tens over Jacks,” and began pushing to pot toward the lady.
“Why didn’t you bet?” Rick asked as the woman stacked her chips. “You had a near lock, you could hardly lose.”
“I don’t know, I’ll have to think about it.”
“If you come up with an answer let me know, I’d be interested.”
Rick gave his chips a quick count, $115.  That’s $115 that should have been in the woman’s stack but since he still had it he planned to make the most of it.  Maybe he’d follow the example of the guy who took $20,000 to $120,000 in an hour.  Could he take $115 to $1,000 in an hour?  Why not, all things were possible.
The lady’s husband signaled and she grabbed a couple of empty racks from a tray behind her.  Her two cards arrived as she racked her chips.  She looked at them and slid them into the muck then told the dealer to deal her out.  When she got up and went to the cashiers cage Rick noticed that she was quite attractive.  She was about 5’ 4,” and had a nice shape accentuated by tight jeans, medium heel boots and a spaghetti strap blouse.  Rick shook his head.  It was hard to believe she’d trounced him twice.
The next time Rick was in the big blind he picked up a pair of 7’s.  A guy four seats to Rick’s right, who Rick knew to be a blind stealer, opened for $18.  The small blind called and so did Rick and the flop came A, 7, 9 two spades and one heart.  The small blind bet $45 and Rick and the blind stealer both called.  The turn card was the 4 of clubs.  The dreaded 4, Rick thought, glad the 10, 4 lady was not in the hand.
The small blind checked and Rick, who figured now was the time to knock out any flush draws or at least make them pay, pushed in the rest of his chips, $53.  He was surprised when he got two calls.  The last card was a queen of hearts and nobody bet.
“Let’s see ‘em,” said the dealer.  The blind stealer threw his cards into the muck, a busted flush was Rick’s guess.  The small blind show an A, 9, for the top two pairs and Rick showed a pair of 7’s to make a set.  The dealer pushed the pot to Rick.  When he counted them up he had $345, he’d tripled his money in one hand.
Three hands later he looked down at a pair of kings.  He bet $22 in an effort to narrow the field, a standard play when holding a big pair or an ace, king, since the less people you have in the pot the less the chance someone will draw out on you.  But that wasn’t going to happen in this pot.
One of the Frenchmen, a solid player a step or two above the level of his countrymen, raised a hundred and twenty five.  Rick’s first thought was Aces followed by kings or queens.  Kings was a long shot since he held two of them so it was likely the Frenchman was holding Aces or queens.  Rick usually didn’t go all in before the flop.  He subscribed to the big hand, big pot theory which suggested you should have a big hand when getting involved in a big pot.  Two kings was a big hand before the flop but if an Ace showed up on the flop a pair of kings was highly compromised.  However there are exceptions to every rule so Rick, wanting to get all the decisions on this pot behind him, pushed the rest of his chips into the middle.  The Frenchman called.
Rick turned over his kings and the Frenchman, with a wry smile, flipped a pair of queens.  Because the betting was over the turn and river cards came quickly.  Rick’s hand dominated the Frenchman’s but for some reason he felt uneasy.  He wasn’t much of a believer in feelings or hunches but he felt like something bad was on its way and when the dealer turned over the queen of hearts he knew what it was.  The Frenchman’s smile didn’t change but he took a deep breath and watched the river card come off the deck and onto the felt next to the queen: the king of spades.  What are the odds? Rick thought.
The dealer pushed Rick the pot and the Frenchman said, “Good hand.”
“Lucky hand, anyway.”
“Good and lucky.”
“Yeah, I guess it is.”
The Frenchman and his friends were a class act, Rick concluded.  The youngest must have lost $600 by now, $100 at a time.  One was ahead some and the one Rick had just beat had been ahead until his three queens ran into three kings.  It took class to congratulate someone who had just taken most of your chips, especially when they drew out on you at the river.  They all seemed cheerful, enjoying the game and Las Vegas, despite bad luck at the poker table.  Not everyone can do that when they’re losing.

A half an hour later Rick passed his goal of $1000.  He took his chips to the cashiers window and received $1035.  Then he went to Gloria’s table, walked behind her and, like the husband of the 10, 4 girl, started rubbing her shoulders.
“That feels nice,” Gloria said.
“Looks like you’re doing well.”  Rick could see she had about $2500 in front of her.
“Yeah, I’ve won some.  Are you about ready to go?”
“Ready when you are.”
Gloria looked at the dealer’s button.  “Three more hands and I’m done.”

Rick walked to the entrance of the poker room to wait for Gloria.  He looked over at her table and saw her muck her hand. Then he looked past her to the rail beyond her table.  Standing ten yards from Gloria, in his charcoal gray suit, both hands resting on the rail, was Frank Selucci.  He wasn’t looking Gloria’s way but was scanning the tables behind her, focusing on the players one by one.
Rick put his head down and touched his forehead with his thumb and index finger.  “Not this,” he said under his breath.
He was pretty sure Selucci hadn’t seen her yet but he would in a matter of seconds.  Rick wanted to walk over and take Gloria away from the table but Selucci would see her quicker then and he’d see him as well.  Rick watched Selucci scanning the table next to Gloria’s and knew hers would be next.
Just then a stunning brunette, showing her long slim legs and head turning cleavage, come alongside Frank and hooked her arm in his.  She began whispering in his ear and rubbing his chest.  Frank smiled and whispered something in her ear which made her laugh.  She slapped his chest and laughed again and then she and Frank walked back into the casino.  Rick closed his eyes and exhaled.

Rick and Gloria took the freeway back to North Vegas and talked about their respective games.  “You looked like you won about $1500.”
“Just under.  How did you do?”
“Won $535 after been down to my last $115.  If I lost that I wasn’t going to buy any more.”
Gloria pointed up the freeway and said, “Look at that.”
On the shoulder of the road, a hundred yards ahead, was a woman and a child who looked to be about 4 years old, standing next to a grey sedan.  When she saw the tow truck the woman began waving it down.
“Can we stop?” asked Gloria.  “She looks like she needs help.”
“I can stop and find out what’s the matter but I can’t tow in Nevada with California plates.”
Gloria was about to say something when Rick added, “unless the tow originated in California.”
“Oh.”
Rick pulled off the freeway and rolled up behind the sedan.  He and Gloria both got out.  “What’s the trouble?”
“Out of gas,” said the woman, a blond, about 5’6, a looker with a show girl   figure.
“Okay, get in and pop the gas cover.”
While she took care of that Rick got a 5 gallon gas can out of the truck and poured half of it into the car.
“Why’d you run out of gas?”
“Ran out of money,” she said, like it was the most normal thing in the world.
Rick thought for a minute. “If I give you some money will you fill your gas tank?”
“Absolutely.  But you don’t have to do that.”
“I can if I want to though, right?
“Of course, it’s a free country.”
Rick took two twenties and a ten from his wallet and handed it to her.  “Don’t run out of gas on the freeway, it’s dangerous, a lot of unsavory characters out here.”
“Okay, thanks,” she held up the money, “that’s very kind of you.”
“Turn over your car and see if it starts.”
She turned the key and the car started right up.  “Great, thanks again.”  She looked at Rick, like she was trying to place him. “Do I know you from somewhere?”
“I don’t think so.”
“Well thank you, and thank you too,” she said to Gloria.
“Thank you,” said the boy from his car seat in the back.
Gloria looked in and smiled.  “You’re welcome young man.”
The boy smiled, he and his mom said goodbye, drove up to the freeway and merged into traffic.

Rick held the door for Gloria as she climbed into the truck.  It was impractical to do it every time but he liked to when he could and was glad Gloria appreciated it.  Some women didn’t.
When Rick got settled in the driver’s seat Gloria asked him, “Did you know her?”
“Let me get up on the freeway and then I’ll tell you.”
“Alright.”
It took a minute and a half for a space to open up and for Rick to accelerate into it and another minute to get his speed up to the flow of traffic.  When he did he said, “I talked to her last night when I was waiting for you to finish playing.  She was a barker outside the strip club just up the street from the hotel.”
“A barker?  What’s that?”
“It’s someone who stands outside an establishment, usually one with a live show, and tries to get people to come in.”
“So that’s her job?  Trying to get guys into the strip club?”
“I think she’s a stripper.  I got the feeling the girls rotate through the barker’s job.”
“Why do you think she was broke?  I always thought strippers made a lot of money.”
“I don’t know.  Maybe she’s an unlucky gambler.  Maybe she has Champaign tastes.  Maybe she has a boyfriend who drains her money away.  Maybe she’s a drug addict.”
“I don’t think she’s a drug addict.”
“Why not?”
“She didn’t look or behave like one.  She was alert, clear, her eyes stayed focused and she had no track marks on her arms.”
“Talk about alert – you always check people out like that?”
“No, but it happens sometimes when you’re a nurse.  So did you go in?”
“What?”
“Did she talk you into the strip club?”
“No.”  He looked over at Gloria and smiled, then back to the road.  “I didn’t have time, I had to meet you.”
Gloria punched him in the arm.
“Ouch!”
After a minute Gloria said, “That was nice of you to give her gas money.”
“I felt sorry for her and the kid even though she’s probably broke due to her own financial mismanagement, blowing her money on things she shouldn’t.”
“The boy was cute wasn’t he?”
“He was.”
“What do you think are the chances she’ll spend the money on gas?”
“I don’t know, maybe 50/50.  Or maybe she’ll put half in the tank and the other half on Cute Jerry to win in the fifth at Del Mar.  Or she’ll give it to her drain-off boyfriend and he’ll put it on Cute Jerry or buy himself some nose candy.”
“Or maybe she doesn’t have a drain-off boyfriend or any of those problems and will buy some groceries and make a nice meal for her and her son.”
“There’s a happy scenario.  I hope you’re right.”
After a moment Gloria asked, “Is Cute Jerry a real horse?”
“Not likely.  I fabricated the name because I couldn’t think of any real horses except dead ones like Seabiscuit and Silky Sullivan.”
“It is a good name for a horse though.  Cute Jerry.”
“Thanks.”

When they were back in their room Rick told Gloria the bad news.  “I saw Selucci at Bellagio’s.  He was scoping out the poker players one by one.”
“Oh my God,” said Gloria.  She shook her head and slowly let out her breath.  ”Did he see us?”
“I don’t think so.  He was just about ready to look over your table when a woman came by and he walked off with her.”
“How do you think he knew were here?”
“No idea.  Maybe it’s a coincidence.  Maybe he decided to take a vacation.”
Gloria gave him a look.  “What are the chances of that?”
“Slim to none.”
“That what I think too.”  Gloria reached into her purse and brought out a business card.  “Let’s call this guy.”
“Who is he?” said Rick as he took the card.
“A guy I was talking to at the poker table.”
“Last night or today?”
“Today.  He didn’t play long and when he left he gave me his card.”
Rick read from the card, “Daniel Jess, Security Consultant.  What does that mean?”
Gloria rolled her eyes, “I guess it means he consults on security matters.  I think I should call him and see if he can help us.”
“Yeah, sure.”
Gloria phoned and got a recorded message that Jess wasn’t there and would call back.  She left her name and number and hung up.
Twenty minutes later Gloria’s phone rang and she picked it up.  “Hello.”
“Hi, this is Daniel Jess, I’m returning a call from Gloria Hesslegrave.”
“This is Gloria.  I talked to you earlier at poker game in the Bellagio.”
“Yes, I remember, nice to hear from you so soon. What can I do for you?”
Gloria told him the problems she and Rick had been having with Frank Selucci and explained that he was in Las Vegas, probably looking for them.
“So you’d like him to leave town?”
“Yes.”
“Alright, do you know where he’s staying?”
“Unfortunately, no.  I do know he drives a blue Cadillac, about 4 or 5 years old.  The license plate says COOLCAD.
“That helps.  If all goes right we should be able to find him and have it taken care of by tonight.”
“Great, thank you.  How much will it cost?”
“It depends on how much time we have to put into it but I imagine it won’t be too much.”
“Can you give me a ball park figure?”
“Sure, give me a minute.”  Daniel added the costs and gave Gloria the total.
“I can live with that.”
“Good. I’ll call you when it’s over and let you know.  Oh, it comes with a money back guarantee. If he doesn’t leave town, or if he leaves and comes back, there’s no change and we’ll try a second time for free. That never happens though.”
There was silence on the other end of the line so Daniel Jess said, “No harm will come to him, we just impress upon him that he needs to get out of town.”
As soon as he got off the phone Daniel dialed another number.
“Hello.”
“You want to work tonight?”

After the call Gloria and Rick napped, snacked, gave each other back rubs, watched TV and discussed where they wanted to eat dinner.  At 4 pm Gloria’s cell rang.  She talked for a few minutes and hung up.
“That was Fran.  They’re running late and want to meet us outside the Peep Show at quarter to eight. If we can get down there they can give us a ride back.”
“Okay, we can take a cab.  Where do you want to eat?”’
“You want to try a buffet?”
“Sure, if you help me ‘just say no’ after I’ve had two plates.  Otherwise I might nod off with my hands on my stomach during the Peep Show.”
“Well, we don’t want that so, yeah, I’ll watch you.”
“Thanks.  So where are the prize winning buffets?”
Gloria opened her HP Mini and hit a few keys.  “It seems like Vegas is a buffet town, all the name hotels have them: MGM Grand, Bellagio, Treasure Island, Mandalay Bay, Cosmopolitan, The Mirage, Luxor, Rio, Monte Carlo and lots more if I want to keep looking.  They’re all about $30 for dinner or, to be precise, $29.99. Oh, here’s one for $24.99, The Spice Market Buffet, located at Planet Hollywood.”
“That’s where the ‘Peep Show’s’ playing, right?”
“It is.”
“Two birds with one stone.  Perfecto!”
“Should I make reservations?”
“Do they take reservations for a buffet?”
“Hum…probably not.”
”If we’re there at 6:30 we should have plenty of time, especially since the show’s in the same building.”
“It sounds good.”
Gloria started working her computer again.
“What are you doing?”
“Reading reviews on The Spice Market Buffet.  You want to hear the highlights?”
“Sure.”
“Alright, this guy from Los Gatos says he heard Las Vegas has the best buffets in the world.  He also grew up believing that buffets were good to steer clear of when looking for a restaurant. He says, ‘OMG, they had the widest variety I would have ever imagined and it was OUTSTANDING.’  He goes on about the food and desserts, recommends the buffet and suggests you forget your anti buffet upbringing, if it applies.  He gives the Spice Market Buffet five stars, the highest possible rating.
“A woman from Lynwood said the place was a mess, the service terrible and the waitresses rude.  She was there with a group and when a waitress come to get the drink orders one person ordered a Coke and another a Sprite and the waitress said they didn’t have it.  So the woman asked what kind of sodas did they have and the waitress, who the woman calls ‘this hooker’ said, ‘honey we have lots of drinks so just hurry up and pick one.’  ‘WTF?! You don’t have the drinks posted anywhere! On top of that you JUST said you don’t have drinks they have at every restaurant and fast food place so how else will I know what you do and don’t have?’ She said the cashier was snappy and another waitress yelled at an employee in front of everyone.”
“Sounds like she didn’t like it huh?”
“Sounds like.  She did say the food was alright but she gave them a one star.  Okay, here’s a two star.  ‘Basically crappy food,’ says a lady from Vista.  ‘The crab legs were good but Rio’s seafood buffet has better ones.  They had different types of food, Italian, Mexican, but it was no where near as authentic or tasty.’   As authentic and tasty as the Rio’s I guess she means.
“Alright, last one.  Here’s a positive one from a guy in Tucson who sounds like he might be a professional restaurant reviewer.  He gives it five stars.  Talks about people who ‘hold up their hands and make circular motions’ when they talk about the buffet at the Rio but….”
“What does that mean, moving their hands in circular motions?”
“Sounds like its meant to be something positive, but what it means or why they do it, I have no idea.  Anyway the reviewer goes on to say he likes the Spicy. Alright, one more, the last of the last, on the Spicy Market.
“This buffet trumps ALL the buffets I have visited on the Strip!  AWESOME is all I have to say.  Good food, good service, #1 Buffet in my book.”
Rick said, “It’ interesting how the reviews of the same buffet go from ‘AWESOME , #1 in my book’ and ‘OMG they had the widest variety I would have ever imagined and it was OUTSTANDING’ to ‘WTF, the place was a mess’ and ‘the food was basically crappy.’”
“Yeah, it’s kind of strange.  I guess it’s one man’s awesome is another woman’s WTF.  You still want to eat there?”
“Sure.  Location, location, location. The Peep Show’s at Planet Hollywood so what better place to eat?  What do you think?”
“Sounds fine to me, just don’t order Coke or Sprite.”


* * *



Chapter 12


After they each had a shower and a change of clothes they went out to the front of the hotel in search of a cab.  There were three or four cabs available as well as a stretch limo.
“Have you ever ridden in a limo?” said Rick.
“No, have you.”
“Not yet.  If you want I can try to negotiate a deal?”
“Sure.”
They walked to the driver’s side of the limo and Rick asked how much to Planet Hollywood.  The driver gave him a price in passable English with what sounded like a Russian accent.  They bartered back and forth until they found a price they both could live with.  Gloria smiled as Rick held the door and when they both had a seat she took his face in her hands and kissed him.
“This is cool.  I’ve always wanted to do it.”
“You’ve always wanted to kiss me in the back of a limo?”
“I always wanted to ride in a limo.  But you’ll notice that once I got in kissing you was the first thing I did.”
“That’s true.  I feel better now.”
Rick ran the back of his hand up the length of Gloria’s leg. ”Should I tell you what I’ve always wanted to do in the back of a limo?”
“I think I can guess,” said Gloria with a nervous glance toward the driver.  ”Why is the partition up between us and the driver?”
“I asked him to put it up when I was working out the price.”
“You did not, I was right there.”
“You missed it because I was speaking in Russian”
“I’ll bet the only Russian word you know is ‘vodka’.”
“Actually I didn’t even know that vodka was a Russian word.  You learn something new every day, if you pay attention.”
“Why do you make up all those stories?”
“I don’t know, maybe to entertain you.  I won’t do it if you don’t want me to.”
“You can do it as long as you don’t let me believe them more than a couple of minutes.”
“Okay, it’s a deal.”
“And as far as fulfilling your limousine fantasies, if we get the opportunity to ride in one again, I’ll do my best to make your fantasies realities, but not this time.  The ride won’t be long enough to do the job right.”
Rick waited for a moment and then said, “Gloria, if I know you in 50 years I’ll bet you will still be able to surprise me in positive and interesting ways.”
“Thank you,   Rick, that’s nice of you to say so. Oh, I almost forgot,” she said as she pulled a folded packet of bills from her purse.  “Here’s $1000, your half from the game at the Bellagio.”
“Thanks,” said Rick, taking the money.  “You’re a good investment, you doubled my money in less than 12 hours.”
“And I could have lost it even faster.”
“You could have but you didn’t and I think you’re going to keep winning the rest of the time we’re in town.  So if you want I’ll reinvest this $1000 with you.”
Gloria thought for a minute and said, “Okay, but don’t feel bad if I lose it.”
“I won’t.  What would make me feel bad would be if I didn’t back you and you won big.”
“Alright,” said Gloria as she reached out for the money, “as long as we understand each other.”

As advertised there was a wide variety of dishes at the Spicy Market Buffet.  Gloria and Rick were determined to not overeat, which was easier for Gloria, who tended to eat slow, than for Rick who ate like an impatient wolf.   They both sampled a lot of what the buffet had to offer and Rick held himself to two regular, not heaping, plates, plus a dessert plate.  Gloria had just over a single plate of food and, like Rick, one desert plate.
They both had water to drink but heard someone behind them order a Coke and the waitress got it for him.
“So whatever their problem was before,” said Gloria, “it looks like the Spicy got it straightened out.”
“At least with the Coke but how about the Sprite?”
“If they fixed the Coke chances are they fixed the Sprite, wouldn’t you say?”
“Probably.  You going to write a review?”
“Maybe.  Something like, ‘If you happen to land on the Planet Hollywood try the Spicy Market Buffet.  It’s the only buffet I’ve been to since I got to town so I don’t have much to compare it to, but the food was good, lot of variety and good desserts.  The reviews I’ve read seem rather extreme, from ‘the crab legs are TO DIE FOR’ to ‘the food was basically crap.’  I don’t want to die for crab legs or filet minion or cordon bleu.  And I try to avoid eating food that is crap since I might die from that but certainly not for it.  The food at the Spicy was good, worth the money, and if you’re going to see the Peep Show afterwards, you can’t beat the location.  I give it 4 stars.”
“Why did you give it 4 stars, why not 5?”
“I thought about giving it a 5 but figured if I ate in a place I liked better I wanted to have an extra star for them.”
They were in the lobby of the Peep Show at 7:45 along with quite a few fellow show goers.  There was a bar along one wall and the customers were keeping three bartenders busy making drinks at break neck speed.
“Want a drink?” said Rick.
“Thanks, a vodka martini, dirty.”
“I’ll be right back.”
Rick was at the bar for less than a minute when a female bartender appeared before him.  She was young, barely over 21, and pretty and she wore her hair in a pony tail.
“What can I get for you?” she said in a pleasant voice.
“A vodka martini, dirty and a Scotch of the rocks.”
“Any particular Scotch?”
“Whatever’s good……..and inexpensive.”
“You got it.”  The bartender turned to a woman who had slid up next to Rick.  “What can I get for you ma’am?”
“Two merlots,” said the lady and the bartender disappeared down the bar.
Rick turned toward the lady next to him and said, “Spending the money you won from me when I held your lucky numbers?”
The lady looked up at Rick and said, “Oh hi.  How are you?”
“Fine, thanks.  I do have a question for you though.”
“Sure.”
“Why didn’t you bet your 10s full of Jacks when you knew you had the winner?”
“It wasn’t a sure winner, you could have had two jacks.”
“Come on, you knew I didn’t have two jacks.”
“I was pretty sure you had a 10, 4 for the lower full house.  I felt bad for you, knowing you were going to lose with my lucky numbers, so I had mercy on you and let you keep your last hundred.”
“We’ll thanks.  I was down about $400 at the time and I got that back plus another $500.”
“Good for you.”
“Tell me, do you really believe in lucky numbers?”
“Of course not.  I never play a 10, 4 unless I’m in the blinds.  If I win with it I make a lot of noise just for fun, but lucky numbers?  Come on.”
The drinks came and the lady gave Rick a sly look.  “Since you did so well with the money I left you I wouldn’t say no if you offered to buy my husband and I a drink.”
“Certainly,” Rick said with a smile.
The lady picked up her drinks and said, “Thank you.  Enjoy the show.”  Then she slipped back into the crowd.
Rick paid for the four drinks and left the girl a ten dollar tip.
“Thank you.”
“You’re welcome,” said Rick.  He knew that the boozing and tipping and live shows would stop soon but he was enjoying it while it lasted.  He found Gloria and handed her the dirty martini.
“Who were you talking to?”
“A woman from the game at the Bellagio.  She beat the biggest hand I held all day.  After she left is when things started turning around.”
Gloria looked at her watch and frowned, “It’s ten minutes to eight, where is Fran?”
“Call her.”
“Can you hold my drink?”
Rick took her drink and Gloria found her phone and speed dialed Fran.  On the third ring she picked up.  “Where are you?”
“I’m in the lobby of the theater where the Peep Show is showing.  Turn around.”
Gloria turned and saw Fran coming toward her across the lobby, her friend Bobby at her side.
Fran gave her a hug and said, “How could you doubt me?”
Gloria looked at her watch.  “How could I?”
Fran got busy with introductions.  Bobby shook hands with Gloria and then Rick.  Bobby and Rick looked at each other, both knowing it was an important meeting, both wanting to make a good first impression on the boyfriend of their girlfriend’s girlfriend.
There was an announcement asking everyone to take their seats so the small party followed the crowd up a ramp and entered the theater.  An usher took their tickets and led them to four seats almost half way up and just a little to the left of center.
“Great seats,” said Gloria.  “Fran, you were able to get seats next to us.”
“I just followed your directions and, wa-la, here we are.”
Rick looked at the stage, a large half circle with three runways coming out to the crowd from the left, right, and center.  He looked over his shoulder at the people taking their seats behind him.   They all seemed content and Rick concluded that there wasn’t a bad seat in the house.
Then the show started with a black and white video of a woman, Bo Peep, played by Holly Madison, reading a book of fairytales after a hard day at work.  She falls asleep and into a dream that takes her and the audience on a journey that includes lots of burlesque type dancing, skits and theater.   Twenty five dancers, dancing sometimes topless, sometimes not, keep the numbers steamy but light, a nice touch Rick thought.
The master of ceremonies, Bo Peep’s guide ‘Peep Diva’ was played by the tall  Puerto Rican pop star Chaeza who, Rick thought, might have been a dominatrix in another life.  She did a good MC job and kept things moving.
There was a ‘big bad wolf’ played by a hard body in jeans, no shirt and a large fur vest.  He’d show up now and then and Chaeza and the girls would shoo him away until once, shirtless with his back to the crowd, they pulled his pants to his ankles to reveal that big bad wolves don’t wear boxers or briefs.
Later ‘A Peter, Peter Pumpkin Eater’ pumpkin, the size of a Sion xb, came up from beneath the stage floor and began rotating to reveal Pumpkin Eater’s wife.  Wearing a glittering green costume she leaves the pumpkin and, while a male singer belts out ‘Feeling Good,’ dances a steamy number using a stripper’s pole.  At the end of the dance she puts both hands and both feet on the pole and starts spinning around and around and around, long past any momentum she could have gotten from the first spin.  It was a puzzler.
Sometime after the pumpkin was gone a large glass cube of milk rose up to the stage for some dancers to splash around and press their bodies against the glass.  Then Chaeza and two girls went out into the audience and selected three men.  Chaeza talked to and eliminated the first two which left the third to romance Bo Peep.  Chaeza told him to feel Bo Peeps breasts but he was reluctant.  Finally he reached out with one hand, touched a breast for a millisecond, and pulled back his hand.
Bo Peep’s face showed displeasure at the lame attempt and Chaeza said, “That was terrible.  Haven’t you ever felt a woman’s breasts before?”
The guy looked out at the crowd and, with his eyes wide, said, “Not in front of my mom.”
Things moved fast after that.  They got the hapless guy, who was looking more like an actor than someone picked from the audience, down to his boxers and into a bed.  After some singing and dancing Bo Peep joins him in bed and finally, with Bo Peep standing, the guy kneeling in front of her, and the bed rotating, he reaches up and holds her mostly covered breasts like he means it.
When the show was over and they’d made it to the lobby Fran asked if anyone would like to have a drink at the bar near the entrance to the casino.  Everyone liked the idea so they made their way there.  They walked into the bar and picked a table near where they entered.  The bar was open in every direction, no doors or walls.  A cocktail waitress arrived and took their orders.  The two ladies had dirty martinis, Bobby a Manhattan with Knob Creek bourbon, and Rick a Sam Adams.
While they waited for the drinks they talked about the show.  Everybody liked it, thought it was great, cool, fun, sexy, worth the money.
Gloria said, “One bit I really liked and thought was pretty clever was when Holly Madison was laying on the rug in front of that large mirror in a bikini.  She takes it off and she’s totally naked, or so you’re led to believe, until she gets up and you see she’s wearing a flesh colored bikini.”
“I noticed there were a lot of couples in the audience and groups of young women, but no groups of men,” said Bobby.
Fran said, “Young men visiting Vegas are going to want their entertainment a bit raunchier, like that provided in a strip club.  You can watch, you can drink, you can even get a lap dance and become part of the show, in a manner of speaking.  Girls like things toned down a little so the Peep Show is perfect for them.  They might even pick up a few ideas for their next slumber party.”
“Next slumber party?” said Rick, “I thought slumber parties were for 11 and 12 year olds.”
“She’s joking,” Gloria said.  She put her hands on Rick’s cheeks and gave him a kiss.  “That’s why I like this guy, he’s so trusting.”
The waitress came with the drinks and Rick paid for them in cash and left a healthy tip.  “Thank you,” said the waitress, smiling.
“I’ll get the next round,” said Bobby.
They drank and talked and enjoyed each other’s company until three loud, slightly drunk, suits entered the bar and decided to get a table near theirs.  On the way there the biggest of the three kicked the back leg of Bobby’s chair.
“Hey pal, move in your chair, you’re blocking the aisle.”
Bobby looked up and smiled.  “You got it.”
It unnerved the big guy a little, Bobby looking him in the eye, smiling, acting cheerful.  He wasn’t used to that reaction when he barked orders at strangers.
Bobby turned back to the table, and gave the guy time to move on.  “They’re probably conventioneers,” he said.  “Guys who don’t get much chance to flex their muscles at work and figure Las Vegas is a good place to prove they’re testosterone rich.”
When nobody laughed Bobby knew something was wrong.  Gloria, who was sitting across from him, caught his eye and moved her eyes sideways to where the suit stood.  “Swell,” Bobby said under his breath.  While Bobby turned in his chair the suit grabbed Rick’s beer bottle and brought it down hard towards Bobby’s head.  Bobby slid off his seat and the bottle hit the back of his chair and broke, giving the suit a deadlier weapon.  Bobby was on one knee, the man standing in front of him, probably ready to swing the jagged bottle toward his ear.  Bobby wrapped his arms around the man’s left leg and stood up quickly. With only one leg to stand on and Bobby yanking his other leg up and forward the suit fell hard to the floor.
Bobby gave him a kick in the ribs to distract him, then grabbed the arm with the bottle and twisted it hard.  He removed the broken bottle and tossed it under an empty table then continued twisting the arm until the suit rolled almost face down in an effort to avoid the pain.  Bobby put a foot on the man’s neck and part of his face to hold him in place.  He looked down at the suit, read the shock and fear in his face, and almost felt sorry for him.
The suit’s buddies didn’t know what to do.  They knew their guy was obnoxious and were somewhat glad to see him get what he deserved, but on the other hand they worked together and they didn’t want to be known as the guys who deserted their corporate brother in his time of need.  They looked at each other and stood up.
Bobby addressed them.
“Sit down, or I’ll break his arm.”  He pushed on the suit’s elbow with his free hand and his buddies heard the pain when the big man groaned.
The two suits sat down, relieved they had a valid excuse not to get involved.

“We need an exit strategy,” said Gloria to Rick and Fran.
“Yes,” said Rick.  “I’m going to talk to the waitress.”
The cocktail waitress was about 15 feet from where Bobby had the suit pinned to the floor.  Rick approached her and said, “Sorry about that.”
“It wasn’t your fault.  That guy’s a nut case.”
“Yeah, he’s got issues.  Have you called security?”
“The bartender did.  They’ll be here soon.”
“Listen, we’d like to go.  I doubt if we’ll press charges.  Can you tell security what happened?  If they showed up now, and saw how our guy’s got the big man laid out, they might think he was the aggressor.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll set them straight.”
“Thanks.  If this hadn’t of happened we’d have had another round and I’d have given you a tip.”  He took her hand and placed a twenty in it.
“Thanks,” she smiled.  “You’re a nice guy.”
“So they tell me,” he laughed.
“Entertaining as well.”  She looked over Rick’s shoulder and said, “I better get out there, here comes security.”
Rick walked quickly to Bobby.  “That’s security, the cocktail waitress is going to talk to them.  We should change venues.”
Gloria and Fran walked up to Rick.  Bobby dropped the guy’s arm and Fran took his arm.  Gloria took Rick’s arm and all four started walking toward the front door of the casino.  The security men wore black suits, white shirts, and black ties.  They were both big, with barrel chests and flat stomachs.  One was black, early 30’s, with a shaved head, the other Caucasian, about 10 years older, with a short salt and pepper crew cut.
They could feel the older one checking them out as they walked by but he didn’t say anything. Rick was sure the cocktail waitress would set the security guys straight.  He looked around and saw one of the suits buddies helping him stand up.  The other suit was shuffling sheepishly along, his hands in his pockets, toward the security guards and the cocktail waitress.  Rick had a feeling he’d admit his friend’s sins and try to get him off the hook.  In any case he was glad they were on the way out and hoped he’d never lay eyes on the suits, especially the big one, again.
It wasn’t until they got out on the Strip that they realized they didn’t know where they were going.  What was the plan? After a brief discussion they decided they’d had enough excitement for one evening and, after walking to the Planet Hollywood parking lot for Bobby’s car, they headed north toward the Four Queens.
On the way there they talked about what can happen out of the blue.  Gloria said, “We’re having a drink, minding our own business, and the next thing you know that bruiser is swinging a beer bottle at Bobby’s head.”
“I should have made sure he was out of ear shot before I began expressing my opinions.”
“Probably, yeah, but don’t you think he overreacted?”
“Oh yeah, he overreacted.  You don’t normally try and bust a beer bottle over somebody’s head because you overhear them say something uncomplimentary about you.”
“Where did you learn to fight like that, Bobby?” said Fran.
“In the Navy, I was a Navy Seal.  To train we would swim 100 miles and then go ten rounds with various mixed martial arts experts!”
“Come on, tell the truth.”
“Alright, here’s the real story.  I had a friend who owned a bar in the Gas Lamp.  Three nights a week he’d keep it open after hours and a bunch of us would train with an instructor who had been a bouncer in bars all over the world.  I trained for five years and was awarded a black belt in bar room brawling.  Now I’m the batman of bars.  I sit quietly,  ever alert, waiting for trouble to rear its ugly head so I can strike a blow for justice and freedom.”
Fran laughed and shook her head.  “Why do I get the feeling you’re not going to tell us?”
When they got back to the Four Queens Bobby imagined the wild sex they wouldn’t have tonight but, hopefully, would have soon, the sex of people who were just getting started with each other, the sex they’d both put a lot into because they’d want to make a good impression and because it was hard to tell how long it would last.  After they’d brushed their teeth and each got into their own bed Bobby said, “I learned it from my brother.”
“What? You learned what?”
“I learned how to fight from my brother Al who was one of those kids who got in a lot of fights.  He was skinny and didn’t look at all menacing and he got picked on a lot.  He decided that whenever that happened, win or lose, there was going to be a fight.  He was particularly interested in that move I used in the bar because once you’ve got your opponent down and your foot on his neck he’s helpless, and if he had any friends looking on you could give them a glare that would hopefully convey that they could be next.
“Al needed to practice so he’d practice on me almost daily, usually when I least expected it.
“I finally decided I had to make him stop.  He was starting to fill out a little and he was bigger, stronger and more devious than I was but I had to do something.  I waited until the night of his junior prom.  Our folks we’re out so there was nothing to stop me.  I waited in the kitchen with a quart of motor oil on the table.
“Al came in dressed in a tux: black slacks, white coat and those shiny shoes that look like black glass.  He was carrying a corsage in a box for his girlfriend who was a real nice girl and a real fox.  I was hoping I wouldn’t have to screw up her junior prom but I was prepared to if necessary.
“I asked him if I could see the corsage and he brought it over and handed it to me.  I set it on the table then slid off the chair, did the take down, the arm twist, the foot on the neck and face.  I took the oil off the table and told my brother that unless he promised to stop practicing that move, or any other moves, on me I was going to dump the motor oil all over him and his tuxedo.  He started to curse and threaten me the best he could with my shoe covering half his mouth.  Then he laughed and said, ‘Good one dude, well planned, well played.  I promise.’  I let him up, he went to the prom and all was well.”
“Did he keep his promise?”
“He did.  He never laid a hand on me after that night.”


* * *



Chapter 13


Daniel Jess liked to wear grey suits over black high end t-shirts.  He was losing his hair so he kept it very short, the same length as his beard – the Jason Statham look.  He was 5’11”, his voice was deep, and he wore a gold earring in his left ear.  He’d served in the military but never talked about it except when explaining that he had the skill set for whatever job a client had in mind.
He was leaning against the Cool Cad waiting for Frank Salucci to come down from his room at the Venetian.  Jimmy Sims, who was working with Daniel that evening, had called Frank and said he was from hotel security and that they had caught someone breaking into Frank’s car.  Frank said he’d be right down.
Daniel had paid $50 to a hacker who located Frank Salucci, both hotel and room.  He’d also hired Jimmy Sims who, at 23, acted like an 18 year old college boy a great deal of the time.  Daniel overlooked his immaturity because he’d been dependable every time they’d worked together and because there weren’t many who could do what Jimmy Sims did.
Daniel heard the clacking of leather shoes coming towards him.  He pushed off the Cadillac and stood up straight.
“You sitting on my car?” said Frank from ten yards away.
“Afraid so,” said Daniel.
Frank was in front of Daniel now.  “You should be afraid.”
Jimmy shoved off a cement pillar and began moving between the cars, behind Frank, to his right.
“It’s a figure of speech, Frank, I’m not really afraid.  You should be though.”
Jimmy Sims was almost there.  He held a coil of soft white rope that he began wrapping around each hand.  Then he flipped the rope over Franks head and pulled tight.
Frank’s hands went up to his throat but he couldn’t get a hold of the rope.  Then he went for his gun but Daniel grabbed his forearms.  Just before he lost conscienceless Frank thought, I’m going to die at the hands of the tow truck driver and the girlie girl.  Damn.
When gravity started to take Frank down Jimmy removed the rope from his neck and helped Daniel ease him to the ground.  Daniel went through Frank’s pockets and removed his car and room keys.  He clicked the car open and gave Jimmy the room keys.
Jimmy checked Frank’s neck for a pulse.  “He’s alright.”
“Have you ever had one who wasn’t?  Someone you held onto a bit too long?”  Daniel asked as they picked up Frank and moved him to the back seat of the Cool Cad.
“No, never have.  My goal is to still be batting 1000 by the time I retire.”
When they had Frank stretched out in the back Daniel made himself comfortable in the passenger seat and Jimmy set out toward Frank’s room to get his things.  When he got to the room, which was on the 5th floor, he slid the key into the slot and stepped into the room.
A woman with silky brown hair, wearing a short silk bathrobe, was sitting up in bed, her back propped against the headboard as she watched TV.  When she saw Jimmy she swung her legs over the side of the bed and slid until her feet touched the floor.
“Excuse me?” she drawled sarcastically, “what are you doing in my room?”
“Sorry to disturb you, ma’am.  Mr. Salucci had been called away, an emergency I think, and he asked me to get his things.”
”Oh. Do I need to get out of the room?”
“I don’t think so, I’m sure you can stay until checkout time tomorrow.”  He noticed the girl didn’t seem too concerned about Mr. Salucci.  He also noticed that she didn’t seem to mind that his eyes had been up and down her body a number of times since he’d entered the room.  Jimmy knew he had to get his eyes and mind off the woman and focus on the job at hand.
“Do you mind if I work while we talk?”
“Of course not.  That’s his suitcase there, most everything is in it.”
Jimmy got the rest of Frank’s things into the suitcase and was ready to go.
“What’s your name?” the girl asked.
“Wayne.”
“Like Wayne Newton?”
“I’m considered a better singer, but yeah, like Wayne Newton.  What’s your’s?”
“Sandy.”
“Like the beach?”
“That’s right.”  She walked up to him and put her hand on his cheek. “When do you get off work?”
“In about 20 minutes.”
“Why don’t you come and see me then?”  Sandy moved back a few feet and somehow her robe fell open.
“Oh, my goodness,” said Sandy pretending it was a mistake.  She smiled at Jimmy and he smiled back.  His eyes were really working now. She seemed in no rush to tie her robe.
“What about Mr. Salucci?”
“What about him?  He’s a friend of mine but it sounds like he’s leaving town.  Were you thinking I’m Mrs. Salucci, Wayne?”
“I didn’t think that – I was just being careful.”  Jimmy paused.  “If I come back do I need to bring my wallet?”
“Yes, you should bring your wallet. And thirty years from now you’ll be saying that tonight you had more fun than any night in your life.”  Sandy opened her robe a little more and then closed it.  “I hope to see you soon Wayne, you won’t be disappointed.”
Jimmy, aka Wayne, used the elevator to get to the ground floor, and walked to the parking garage.  Daniel saw him coming and reached over to the driver’s seat to pull the trunk release.  Jimmy walked through the cars and came up on the Cadillac from behind.  He tossed in the suitcase, closed the trunk, and walked back toward the Venetian.

Frank had been making wake up noises for awhile so Daniel reached over and patted his shoulder.  “Wake up Frank, you’re still alive.”
Frank felt the pats on the shoulder and opened his eyes.  He pushed himself up and sat in the back seat.  He was alive and in the Cool Cad.  It was a pleasant surprise.
“Okay Frank,” said Daniel. “it’s time for you to drive back to San Diego.  All your things are in the trunk, nothing missing, so off you go.”
“Who put you up to this?”
“You know I can’t answer that.”
“It doesn’t matter, I know who it was.”
“Somebody will watch you drive out of town.  Please leave and don’t circle back.  It will be a big hassle for a lot of people if you do, and an especially big hassle for you.”  Daniel picked up the Sig Saur from the front seat and passed it back to Frank, who seemed happy to get it.  ”It’s empty.  I’ll watch you drive off, and again, please don’t come back…for at least a month.”
Frank started up the car and got out onto Las Vegas Boulevard.  He turned up Tropicana and got on the 15 south.  He didn’t check to see if anyone was tailing him, he didn’t care, he was leaving town with no intention of returning.  He never wanted to feel a rope on his neck again.

Jimmy was weighing the pros and cons in his mind but he knew he was going up to Sandy, the knockout and salesperson extraordinaire. In a store in the Venetian that sold magazines, gum, soft drinks and cigars Jimmy bought a packet of three condoms that promised to be ultra thin for maximum pleasure.  He took the elevator to the 5th floor and soon he was at Sandy’s door.  He thought about using his key but decided to knock.  A few seconds later, Sandy, after checking the peep hole, swung open the door.
“I was hoping you’d come,” she said.
“You knew I would.”
“I was pretty sure.”
“I’m a little concerned about something though,” said Jimmy as Sandy closed the door behind him.  “How do you know Frank is not going to show up here?”
“How about I call him and find out?”
“Good idea.”
Sandy picked up her phone from a bedside table, pulled up Frank’s number, and waited while the phone rang.
“Hello.”
“Hi Frank, it’s Sandy.  What’s going on?”
“Hey, I was just about to call you.”
Sure you were, thought Sandy.
“There was a work related emergency and I have to get back to San Diego.  The room is paid for until tomorrow at checkout time so go ahead and use it if you want.”
“Thank you Frank, that’s very nice of you.”
“I’m a nice guy, though few people realize it.  I’ll call you when I’m back in Vegas.”
“I’ll look forward to it.”  Sandy flipped the phone shut and said, “Rest assured Wayne, Frank isn’t coming back, he’s on his way to San Diego.  The place is ours.”
Sandy told Jimmy how much it would be for the night, which was more then he’d hoped.  But when he recalled that she’d said in thirty years he’d still remember the night as the most fun of his life, he decided to go for it.  Sandy inspired confidence!

About the time Jimmy and Sandy were getting started Daniel called Gloria.  “I hope it’s not too late to call.”
“No,” said Gloria.  “Any good news?”
“Our friend decided to go home.”
“Great and thank you.  What do we owe you?”
Daniel told her.  “My bank account number is on my card, so you can either transfer the money or send a check, whatever you like.”
“I’ll probably transfer it.  Once again, thank you.”
“You’re welcome, and give me a call if you need me again.”
“I will.”

The next morning at 7 am Gloria’s phone rang.  She picked it up on the third ring.  “Hello.”
“Hi Gloria, this is Fran.”
“Hey, what’s happening?”
“We’re not going to go on the helicopter flight.”
“Oh, okay.”
“Sorry. I wanted to go but I really don’t have the money. I never actually put a down a deposit so I don’t have to cancel”
“Then you’re making the right decision.  Do you want to go out to eat when we get back?”
“Sure, should I look into another buffet?”
“Sounds good.”
“Call me when you get back.”

“Was that Fran?” Rick said.
“They’re not going to do the flight, costs too much.”
“It is pretty expensive.”
Gloria looked at the watch, “We should get going so we don’t miss the shuttle.”
They walked to the Golden Nugget and found the spot where they met the shuttle a couple minutes later.  There were a couple of stops for other passengers and then the shuttle headed for a small airport outside of town.  Once inside they stood in a short line, were weighed and did some quick paperwork.  Then they watched a short helicopter safety film.  After that they walked around the small terminal, looked in the gift shop and then took a seat and waited for the flight.
When the time came Gloria and Rick and three others walked out to a helicopter maybe 40 yards from the building.  The pilot, a short, well proportioned man in his late 20’s, was out in front of the machine, waiting.   He wasn’t what you’d call a natty dresser but close in his dark slacks, blue sport shirt, black leather lace-up shoes, flight jacket, and tear drop sunglasses.  As the passengers approached him he shook hands and introduced himself, “Hi, I’m Barry, your pilot for the flight,” then posed with them, couples and individuals, for a picture taken by someone who seemed to appear out of nowhere.
The official picture of the Grand Canyon Helicopter Ride, thought Gloria.  Take it first, let the customers think about it on the ride, sell it to them as they leave.  A tried and proven formula.
When the photos were taken everyone got in the helicopter and buckled up.  There was a middle aged German couple who smiled, then pretty much kept to themselves.  The other passenger was an attractive woman with crazy red hair who told Gloria she used to work as a newscaster in Seattle.  She’d fly around in a helicopter with a pilot and camera man gathering news.  She was excited about seeing the Grand Canyon.
Barry explained how to use the headsets so he could communicate with the passengers and visa verse.  Then he started up the machine and lifted off the pad.  The first point of interested was the Hoover Dam, built during the Great Depression when the federal government was commissioning public works projects to put people back to work.  Thousands of people worked on it, over 5000 at one point.  One hundred men lost their lives.
“After 9/11,” Barry said, “the general wisdom was that it was too dangerous to have people driving on the road that runs right on top of the Hoover Dam so they decided to build a bypass bridge which they did.  In the 1930’s it took 4 years to build the dam and in the 2000’s it took 10 years to build a bypass bridge.”
Barry said all this while looking straight ahead, nodding his head once in awhile.  His tone made it sound like he wasn’t quite sure what the situation was, he wasn’t being critical, but it did seem curious. Rick watched different rocks and mounds of the ground.  He wondered how fast they were going, not very he figured.
When they got close to the Grand Canyon Barry brought the helicopter to the bottom of a twenty foot rock wall and brought it straight up so that the wall was right in front of them.  Rick wondered if they were to close.  If a rotor hit the wall would they ever find the bodies?
Later they flew through a beautiful gorge which Barry said was owned by a native American tribe and that the tour company paid them $60 for each passenger who flew through.  Not long after they were at the South Rim of the Grand Canyon and then on the canyon floor where Barry served a snack and Champaign.  It was a Champaign breakfast for Rick and Gloria and they were thankful for it.  They sat and ate at a light weight picnic table and looked at the vast rock walls around them.  For a number of minutes no one talked.
Finally Rick’s curiosity got the better of him.  “Barry, how fast were we flying?”
“About 140.”
Rick was shocked.  “We were going 140 miles an hour?  It’s hard to believe.”
Barry laughed.  “You certainly don’t have to believe it but that’s how fast we were moving.”
“Amazing.  I would have guessed 40 or even 35.  When I watched the ground and fixed my eye on a certain rock it seemed like it took forever to put it behind us.”
Barry shrugged and said, “It takes a little getting used to.”
A short while later Barry announced it was time to leave and everyone started toward the helicopter.  Before he got on Rick looked up and saw another helicopter flying across his line of vision.  He didn’t want to try and estimate its speed but it was fast.  It turned, headed towards them, and landed fifty yards to their left, next to another picnic table.
On the way back Barry pointed out the Joker Mine, and talked about how it had been a working gold mine until it was mined out and left dormant years ago.  There had been lives lost when curious hikers got too close and the ground over a mine shaft gave way and swallowed them up. In the years that the mob was in Las Vegas the Joker Mine absorbed a lot of people who were already dead.  The mob, the story goes, had a name to describe people who had become a bother.  They called them jokers.  If a joker got too bothersome he’d meet with an unfortunate accident or get shot and end up at the bottom of the Joker Mine.
When they landed Gloria and Rick went in and bought the photo of Barry and themselves standing in front of the helicopter.  Barry’s face was covered by a shadow but you could make him out.  The photo was framed in brown             cardstock and to its left, on cardstock that was off white, was a Certificate of Membership given to those who were now part of a highly select group who had flown the Grand Canyon.  It went on to say that an air tour was one of the most environmentally friendly ways to see this magnificent natural splendor and ended with a quote from the National Park Service Organic Act 16 U.S.C.
On the way back Gloria called Fran.  “Hi, where are you guys?”
“We’re at the Golden Nugget buffet having…brunch, I guess.  Are you going to join us?”
“Hang on a second.” She turned to Rick, “Do you want to meet Fran and Bobby for brunch at the Golden Nugget?  They’re already there.”
“Sure.”
“Okay,” said Gloria into her phone, “we’ll be there soon.”
Fifteen minutes later the van pulled up in front of the Golden Nugget and Gloria and Rick made their way to the buffet.  Bobby and Fran were sitting at a table in the corner with cups of coffee in front of them.
“Hi,” said Gloria, “are you all right?  You look pretty beat for 11 am.”
“We’ve got the buffet blues,” said Bobby.
“We ate too fast, ate too much,” said Fran.  “It’s a bad combination.”
“Sorry.  We’re going to get some food and come back.  Feel free to tell us if we’re courting with disaster.”
“I won’t have to tell you, you’ll know.  That’s the pity of it, you know you’re headed for the cliff but you just keep running until you run right off it.”
After they got their food and returned, Fran asked about the ride to the Grand Canyon.
“It was fun,” said Gloria and gave them a brief rundown.
Then Bobby said he had a question.  “Fran told me you guys haven’t known each other that long.  How did you meet?”
Rick and Gloria both smiled.  “You tell it,” Rick said.
“I was playing poker at the Pechanga and this guy cheated me out of a $500 pot by declaring he had a straight when he didn’t.”
“The dealer didn’t catch it?”
“He was asleep at the wheel.  Some of the players did but by the time they said anything the guy had the chips and was headed for the cashier’s cage.  Rick had just sat down but hadn’t bought chips or been dealt a hand.  He had noticed a Cadillac in the parking garage with a peculiar vanity plate.  The card cheat had a key chain with the same inscription on it so Rick knew where his car was.”
“What did the plates say?” asked Bobby, pretty sure he already knew.
“COOL CAD,” answered Gloria and Rick simultaneously.
Bobby nodded and took long slow breaths, hoping no one noticed.  Just like Frank to leave the cheating at cards part out of the story, he thought.  It didn’t surprise him though.  Frank was not a guy quick to admit wrong doing.
“So Rick goes down and hooks up Salucci’s Cadillac, Frank Salucci, that’s the guys name, and a few minutes later Frank shows up and demands Rick drop the car. Which he does after Salucci hands over $600.”
“I thought the pot was $500,” said Bobby.
“Approximately,” said Rick, “but I charged him an extra $100 because I had to listen to all his trash talk.”
“Anyway,” said Gloria, “Rick comes back with the money and when we’re seated at a table in the bar he takes out $500 and plunks it on the table between us.  He doesn’t say anything, he just sits there.  I thought maybe he thought I was a hooker so I asked him.  No, no, no, he says, and finally explains what the money’s for.  We agree to meet in a couple of days for dinner, and we did.
“Unfortunately Frank followed me to the restaurant and sat down at our table.  He wanted double the money he’d cheated me out of, plus money from Rick.  When we told him he’d never get it he started threatening us.  That’s when I cut his leg with a steak knife and told him to leave or I’d cut through his femoral artery and he’d bleed to death on the restaurant floor.”
Bobby kept nodding but didn’t say anything.
Gloria spread her arms, palms up, and said, “And that’s how we met!”
“Interesting story.  Definitely one of the most interesting ‘How We Met’ stories I’ve ever heard.”
“I think next time I tell it I’m going to leave out the part about cutting Salucci in the restaurant.”
“Good idea.  I mean the story is interesting enough without it.”

Before prison, when Frank had first gotten into the killing business, Bobby tried to talk him out of it.
“It’s dangerous man.  Cops don’t like people being killed on their streets, even people that are criminals doing things they deserve to get killed for.  It doesn’t matter who the corpses are, it makes the cops look bad and that makes them work harder.”
“They’re not going to get me Bobby.  No one’s going to know anything about it.”
“When the bodies start piling up the homicide detectives will find out.  That’s what they do.”  Bobby thought for a moment and then said, “Look Frank, I know you’re going to do what you’re going to do so I’ll quit talking.”
“Good.”
“But I can’t have anything to do with it and I don’t want to hear about it, ever.”
“No problem.”
Of course it was a problem.  Frank kept his part of the bargain, he didn’t bring it up again, but Bobby couldn’t keep from checking up on Frank.  If there was a murder in the county, Bobby made a mental note on whether or not he could account for Frank’s whereabouts.
One night Frank told Bobby he was taking a stripper he knew out for dinner and drinks.  The next morning Bobby read in the Union Tribune that there had been a fatal shooting of a man in a parking lot near the airport.  There were no witnesses and no one heard shots fired.  Bobby knew that Frank had a Sig Sauer with a silencer.  When he asked Frank how his date with the stripper went Frank told him she’d stood him up.

Bobby, Fran, Rick and Gloria made the short walk back to the Four Queens.
“What’s the plan?” Gloria said when they reached the lobby.
“I want to rest awhile and try and digest the medicine ball in my stomach,” said Fran.
“Same with me,” said Bobby, “only my stomach feels like a medium size beach ball full of wet sand.”
“What are you thinking, Gloria? said Rick.
“Poker maybe.  How about you?”
“I wouldn’t mind a rest and then maybe a walk.
“Okay,” said Gloria as she held up her cell, “keep in touch.”
All four of them took the elevator to the seventh floor and let themselves into their rooms.  Rick laid on the bed and put his hands behind his head while Gloria opened the safe and counted out some cash.
Gloria said, “Did you notice anything...different about Bobby when we were telling him how we met?”
“Not really.  What did you notice?”
“He seemed to get quiet and serious.”
“I wasn’t paying attention, I was listening to you tell about how I rescued you from the dread pirate Salucci.”
“Please.  I wouldn’t categorize it as a rescue.”
“You were glad I recovered the money though, right?”
“Yes, I was glad about that and glad about the way you did it.  I was so mad when he stole that pot that if I had a gun I’d have shot him.”
“I’m glad you didn’t, it would have put a damper on our relationship, you being in prison.”
“That’s true.”  Gloria was pensive for a minute.
When she didn’t say anything Rick said, “I thought you were going to play poker.”
“I am but I was trying to remember if I ever thanked you for getting that money back.”
“Of course you did, you took me out to dinner remember?”
“Yes, but I was thinking of something else.”
“Like?”
“Like a quick…” Gloria mouthed the word but didn’t say it.  It had an immediate effect of Rick.
“Excellent,” he said, enthusiastically.
Gloria put her hand on his thigh and said, “You take off all your clothes and get under the covers and in a little while I’ll come back and check on you.”
“Okay,” said Rick, a gleam in his eye.
On the way into the bathroom Gloria reached into the closet and undid a couple of wooden clothes hangers, the kind with no hook, just a thin straight metal rod with a small knob that slid into a receiver on the clothes rack.  Going with the no hook coat hangers probably saved the hotel industry a bundle, Gloria thought, since few people would steal hangers that won’t hang up in their house.
She wondered if there were frequent travelers who had the no hook system installed in their closets at home and then lifted coat hangers from hotels, one or two at a time.  People who stayed in nice hotels could certainly afford to pay for their own coat hangers, hooked or not hooked, but putting one over on the hotel, especially when they’ve installed a system designed to stop guests from lifting coat hangers, might appeal to some people.  They might be willing to take the risk for the thrill of zinging the hotel that was maybe, in their opinion, zinging them with hefty prices.  If she had to guess she’d guess that no one was installing the type of system which would allow them to use no hook hangers, but some might be taking the nice wooden hangers home, pulling out the metal rod, and screwing in a hook.  Now that could work, thought Gloria.  She decided is she ever became a hanger thief, that would be the way she’d go.
Once in the bathroom, Gloria took off her clothes, and hung them on the hangers.  She knew that Rick couldn’t see the closet from where he was laying so she went out and hung up the hangers.  Then she took a white terrycloth bathrobe provided by the hotel and a pair of black high heels.  She walked back into the bathroom, put on the high heels and stood in front of the mirror.  She turned to one side, then the other and said in a low but audible voice, “Not bad for a kid that was funny looking in grade school.”
Rick could hear the click of her shoes as she came out of the bathroom.  He watched her walk past the foot of his bed to the aisle that ran between the bed he was on and the bed next to it.  She stopped and untied the robe’s belt, shook her shoulders and let the robe fall to her feet.  She was standing up straight and looked completely comfortable and very beautiful. Rick realized how thankful he was that she was in his life and how, strange as it seemed, Frank Salucci had brought them together.  He made a mental note to never mention that to Gloria.
Gloria stepped out of her shoes and joined Rick on the bed.  After some foreplay, which made them both anxious to move to the next level, Gloria straddled him, facing his feet.  From reading “Cosmopolitan” while standing in line at Von’s, Rick knew this position was called reverse cowgirl.  It was mentioned in articles with titles like, “10 Things Guys Crave in Bed,” “50 Things Too Do Butt Naked,” “What He Wants To See During Sex,” and “8 New Ways To Orgasm.”  What he remembered most about the position was that it was supposed to be extremely pleasurable. It actually was extremely pleasurable Rick was finding out, and it made him think he should maybe buy a “Cosmopolitan” once in awhile.  For his girlfriend he’d say, if anyone asked.
While they were still in bed Rick pulled open the drawer on the bedside table and pulled out a half sheet of paper.
Rick looked at Gloria and said, “I’d like to sing you a song.”
“A song?”
“It’s a quick one,” Rick said, anxious to start before he lost his nerve.  He picked up an imaginary Fender and began strumming.

I watch her come up to my house,
Gloria
She knocks upon my door,
Gloria
And the she comes up to my room,
Gloria
I want to say she makes me feel all right,
Gloria
G-l-o-r-i-a,
Gloria,
Going to shout it every night,
Gloria
Going to shout it every day,
Gloria
G-l-o-r-i-a,
Gloria

Gloria started clapping.“Best performance since Van Morrison!  Where did you get the words?”
“Online.”
“Most people with a propensity to sing, when they find out my name is Gloria, will sing ‘Gloria,’ over and over because that’s the only lyrics they know. Some know ‘Shout it all night, shout it every day.’  But you nailed it, ‘Gloria’ in its entirety.  The only one I know, outside of a recording artist, who has ever done it.  You’re the man, Rick!  You are the man!”
“Yeah baby.  That’s what I was aiming for.”
Rick said, “You were off the charts on that one.  If sex were an Olympic event you’d have won the gold.”
“Thank you, that’s nice of you to say.”  Gloria thought for a minute and then said, “I don’t know if I’d want to give a sexual performance in front of a stadium full of people.”
“Yeah, there is that.”
“It might be fun though, and if we won the gold…”
Rick laughed.  “You might be too wild for me, babe.”

“Hey I’m going to go, probably to the Golden Nugget or maybe Binon’s.  If you want to get a hold of me have your people call my people.”
“Alright I will, if I can find my people.  Is it okay if I use your computer?  I want to look up some stuff.”
She grimaced like she wasn’t too sure about that it then laughed and said, “Of course.”
Rick stood up and gave her a hug, and then she was gone.


* * *



Chapter 14


He took her HP Mini back to the bed, googled pawn shops in Las Vegas and found the town supported quite a number.  He hadn’t been in many pawn shops in his day but he had seen a few episodes of “Pawn Stars” and knew that these days pawn shops were one of the glamour industries of reality TV.   There were online ads for jewelry, musical instruments, cameras, and power tools as well as 3 DVD sets with 16 episodes of “Pawn Stars,” and for $74.99 a set of four bobble head Pawn Stars.
Rick noticed that there were a few shops close to the Four Queens so he picked up his key off the night stand and made his way out to the street.  He walked around without really knowing where he was going until he found a pawn shop less than 100 yards from his hotel.  The shop was long and narrow and didn’t have any firearms.
After three more pawn shops with no guns Rick went back to the Four Queens and looked up gun shops.  The one on Tropicana seemed to be the closest, but since he wasn’t that familiar with the streets of Las Vegas it was just a guess.  He went down to parking, got the truck, drove up to the 15 freeway and took it south to the Tropicana exit. Once on Tropicana it wasn’t too far to the gun shop which, Rick noticed when he read the sign, was also a shooting range.
Rick parked the truck and went in.  The place was busy, mostly with people getting ready to use the shooting range.  Rick noticed that everyone who worked there, from the oldest to the youngest, male and female, had a gun on their hip.  The place had never been held up would be his guess.
A woman who looked to be about 21 asked Rick if she could help him.
“I’d like to buy a pistol.”
“Any particular make?”
“Maybe you could recommend something.  I’d like a gun that could stop an adversary if it needed to.  Probably at least a .38 or higher.”
“I’m sure we could find you something.  Could I see some identification?”
Rick took out his wallet and showed her his driver’s license.
“I see you’re from California.”
“That’s right.”
“Unfortunately it’s a little complicated for us to sell to anyone that lives out of Nevada.  In your case we’d have to contact a shop in California and they’d have to do a check on you and we’d have to ship the gun to them.  We can do it but it will be more expensive and time consuming.”
“Okay, thanks anyway.”
“Are you interested in doing some shooting on the firing range?
“No, maybe another time.”
Bummer, Rick thought as he walked to the truck and drove out onto Tropicana.  He’d just have to wait until he was back in California.  After driving a block he saw a sign advertising a barber shop, along with a Chinese restaurant, a dollar store, a beauty salon, a bar and half a dozen other businesses.
Rick, for reasons he couldn’t explain to himself, would always wait a week or ten days from the time he realized he needed a haircut until he actually got one.  It had only been three days but he figured he was out and about with not much to do since he couldn’t buy a gun so he pulled into the parking lot and walked into the barber shop.
There were two barbers and no customers.  Rick could see one of the barbers watching TV in a small room at the end of the shop.  The other was resting on one of the barber chairs.  He got up and brushed off the chair.  Rick looked at him and wondered if he’d made a mistake. The barber was as old as dirt!  Rick decided to stay positive; the guy must have years of experience cutting hair.
“Take a seat,” said the barber, gesturing to the chair.
Rick sat down and the barber put the paper band around his neck and draped the sheet like cover over him.
“How do you want it?”
“Take 50% off, leave 50% on.”
“How do you want the back, tapered or blocked?”
“Blocked.”
“Alright,” said the Old Timer, “50/50 blocked.  You got it.”
He doesn’t sound as old as he looks, thought Rick.
The old man was a talker but Rick didn’t mind.  He missed how he led into it but the old guy started talking about World War II and the landing at Normandy.
“We had to jump into the water from those landing crafts, holding our rifles over our heads.  Some of the crafts didn’t get in close enough so the solders jumped into water that was too deep, over their heads.”
“Were they able to swim out of it?”
“No, they had two much heavy gear, they drowned.”
They were both silent for awhile then the old man said, “There was a lot of fire, a lot of solders lost coming in.”
“Was it like they portrayed it in ‘Saving Private Ryan’?”
“I remember thinking it was when I saw the movie but I don’t remember the movie now.  I still remember Normandy though.”
When he was done the barber took off the cover and held a mirror so Rick could see the back of his neck.  “Good,” he said.
When he was out of the chair Rick handed the barber $40 and told him to keep the change.
The barber lit up.  “Thanks very much,” he said on the way back to the TV room to tell the other barber that he’d just gotten a $26 tip.
Rick walked out happy that he given the guy a good tip.  He was enjoying being a big tipper on his $5000 entertainment fund.  On the way out to the truck he noticed a pickup with its hood up parked right next to him.  When he got close a tall fit looking man in jeans, cowboy boots, and a plaid shirt came out from under the hood.
Rick’s first thought was that the man probably wanted a tow and he’d have to explain why he couldn’t.  The guy looked like the kind who might argue the point, say something like he didn’t need to go far and it was unlikely they’d get pulled over. But it wasn’t about a tow.
“Are you looking to buy a pistol?” said the man, getting right to the point.
“Why are you asking me?”
“I saw you at the gun store.”
“Were you inside? I didn’t see you.”
“I was parked outside in my truck.  I saw you go in, noticed you had California plates and noticed you weren’t in there long.  So you didn’t use the shooting range, and if you weren’t there to buy a hat or a T-shirt, or to talk to the sweet gun toting honey’s, you were there to buy a gun and you weren’t able to.”  The man spoke fast but not too fast, like a salesman comfortable with his spiel.
“If you’re looking for a rifle I can’t help but I have a pistol you might be interested in.”
“Are you a policeman or connected with the police in any way?”
“Absolutely not but I’m glad you asked.  No one asks that question unless they’re interested.”
“Alright, show me what you have.”
The man walked a few steps to the front of the truck, looking for police cruisers as he went.  He reached in to where a pistol lay on top of the air filter, picked it up and handed it to Rick.  “That’s a Beretta 92 FS, a state of the art gun.  It fires 9mm cartridges, I’ll throw in two boxes if you buy the gun.  It also comes with an extra magazine.”
“When was the last time it was fired?”
“Two weeks ago, at the range.  I fired 30 rounds and got mostly bulls eyes.  It’s a good gun, the official hand gun of the US Army since 1985.”
“Is that right?  I would have thought the Army would use an American gun.”
“They did, a Colt .45, but in ’85 they had a competition and Beretta beat Colt and a number of other companies.”
“Interesting.  You know a bit about guns, huh?”
“I’ve been selling them for a long time, and not always in parking lots.”
Probably an interesting story behind that but now wasn’t the time to hear it. Rick looked at the gun, “What do you want for it?”
“$1000,” said the man, without hesitation.
“I couldn’t afford that.”
“What’s your offer?”
“$500,” said Rick, looking the man in the eye, trying to create the illusion that he believed he was offering a fair price.
The man shook his head.  “No way I could let it go for that.”
After a little more haggling they settled on $750.  Rick pulled a wad of cash from his front pocket and counted off seven hundreds, two twenties, and a ten. He handed it to the man who counted it once more, folded the bills and put them in his front pocket.  The man reached into the cab of the truck and came out with an opaque plastic bag.  “Here are the slugs and clip, take a look at them and make sure everything is kosher.”
Rick looked in the bag and then put the Beretta into it.  “Nice doing business with you.”
“Thanks, you too.”
Rick used a key to open a storage box on the bed of the truck.  He put the bag in the box and locked it.  In the last few years Rick had made a number of trips to Ensenada.  Because of the drug problems in Mexico, or maybe because Mexico is very serious about who can own a firearm, there was often a military check point on the way out of town.
It was set up so that the cars crawled past a soldier who glanced at the driver and in through the windows to see what the car was carrying.  Then he’d either wave the car through or motion it to the side where another soldier would give it a closer look.  Twice Rick got pulled over and both times the soldier politely asked if he could look in the car.  He then had Rick get out of the car before he searched under the seat.  When he found nothing the soldier sent him on his way.
The odds of getting pulled over in Las Vegas and having a police officer search under the seat were slim to none.  But Rick felt better knowing that if one did, his newly acquired unregistered Beretta wouldn’t be there.
On the way back to the Four Queens Rick tried to remember a movie that had a gun buying scene similar to what he’d just experienced.  He knew it was somewhere in his memory banks but he couldn’t pull it up until he was a block from the hotel. Then he saw her, Jodie Foster, “The Brave One,” in a New York City pawn shop unable to buy a gun unless she waited a number of days for the police to run a check.
She feels she needs a gun immediately as she’s just seen her fiancée shot dead in Central Park.  While she’s talking with the pawn broker a tall Oriental man leaves the shop.  When Jodie Foster steps out onto the street the man calls to her from the mouth of an alley, and when she walks over, he sells her a hand gun and ammunition.
Jodie Foster’s character then becomes a vigilante.  She shoots a number of people who, if you don’t mind doing an end run around the criminal justice system, deserved it.  In the end, with the help of a police detective, played by Terence Howard, she gets the guys who killed her fiancé.
One thing Rick remembered from the movie was the way Jodie Foster walked.  After she started using the gun she developed what was essentially a tough girl walk, but mixed with caution, an understated confidence, a little fear and sadness.  Jodie Foster was an excellent actor, Rick thought, but he wasn’t a big fan of “The Brave One,” even though he might be involved with it in a life imitates art situation.  He didn’t like that almost the whole movie was shot at night, which made it dark and depressing and, in Rick’s opinion, not a very good movie despite Jodie Foster’s excellent acting.
Rick had to laugh at himself as he jostled down Las Vegas Boulevard.  He enjoyed the movies and had seen his fair share of them but sometimes, if he wasn’t careful, he fell into the film critic’s zone where he’d shoot out opinions like Ebert and Roeper.  No worries this time, he thought. No one here to hear me.
When Rick got back Gloria wasn’t there, still playing poker he presumed.  He used the remote to turn on the TV.  There was short called “One Minute Black Jack Lesson” on the in house channel.  It showed a player with two queens and the announcer/teacher asks should he split them.  He answers his own question – no, don’t do it.  You already have 20, you’ll probably win with that.
Seemed like good advice to Rick although he didn’t play blackjack or any other table games except on the rare occasions when he was out with non-poker players who wanted to gamble.  He’d even play the slots on those occasions and pretend he was enjoying it.
Rick got Gloria’s computer and after searching for a minute or two found a site that sold guns and accessories.  When he found an ankle holster he liked he paid for it and arranged for it to be mailed to his place.
It was another two hours before Gloria returned.  She flopped onto the bed next to Rick, put her hands over her head, and stretched.  “It’s nice to be off that chair and back here.  You got a haircut, it looks nice.”
“Thanks.”
“Are you hungry?  Should we order from room service?”
“Sure.”
They ordered club sandwiches and French fries and ate them from their laps.
“I had my first loss today, $140.”
“That’s not so bad.”
“Not if you consider I came back from $600 down.  I had a couple of bad beats early on and it was a tough table, a lot of good players.”
“I thought you tried to avoid tough games.”
“I should have but there aren’t that many games in the morning.  Anyway it was a good lesson.  From now on I’m an afternoon and evening player only.”
“So how did you make your comeback?”
“I was on the right end of someone else’s bad beat.  I had two 9’s wired and caught one more on the flop.  There was some raising before the flop and on the flop he bet $50, I raised $50, and he called.  The turn was the jack of spades, putting three spades on the board.  He went all in for $375.  He was representing a flush, of course, but I wasn’t sure if I believed him or not, and I didn’t want to let go of my trips.  I figured if he didn’t have it I’d win and if he did I’d still have a chance to catch a full house or the last 9.
“So I called. He turned over the Ace, King of spades, giving him the nut flush.  The dealer turned over the river card, another jack giving me a full house and the pot.”
“Good for you.  It sounds like you got your mojo back at the end of the game.”
“It seemed like.  So what did you do this morning besides get a haircut?”
“I bought a gun.”
Gloria raised her eyebrows and held them up when she said, “Really?”
“Really,” said Rick and told her what happened starting with the barber and the landing at Normandy.
When he was finished Gloria said, “The gun, do you think you’ll need it?”
“I hope not, but better to have it and not need it than need it and not have it.”
“I agree.  It’s probably good you got it”

At 1 pm, after saying goodbye to Gloria and Rick, Fran and Bobby took off for San Diego.  They stopped only once, for gas in San Bernardino, and pulled up to Fran’s place five hours and ten minutes after they left Las Vegas.  Bobby helped Fran get her bag from the trunk.
“Thanks,” said Fran, “I can take it from here.”
“Okay.”
“What are you going to do with the rest of the evening?”
“Go home, eat something, take a shower.”
“You want to come over after that?” said Fran, smiling.
“Sure, if you want.”
“Yeah, it’ll be fun.”
Fran started toward the front door and Bobby got back in his car.  Fran turned around and motioned Bobby to roll down the passenger side window.  When he did she called out, “Don’t forget to bring your PJ’s.”
Bobby gave her the thumb’s up and drove away, thinking, she wants me to bring my pajamas?  That has to be a positive.

Rick and Gloria stayed two more days in Las Vegas.  They played poker at different casinos and both did well.  They saw a show and watched a movie in their room and ate at some nice restaurants.  The trip had been fun for both of them but they were ready to get home.
The next morning they pulled out of the Four Queens at 7 am and got on the 15 south.  At 9 am Rick called Jett’s Automotive from the road.
“Jett’s Automotive.”
“Hey Jett, this is Rick Mills.”
“Your car is done man.  Where you been?”
“I had to tow a car to Las Vegas for my cousin.” Rick was glad for a chance to subtly bring up his cousin because Jett did a lot of work on Ed’s tow trucks.
“That’s cool.  Listen it looks like your car is due for an oil change.  It needs an air filter and a cabin filter as well, you want me to do it?”
“Will you give me the preferred customer rate?”
“Don’t I always?”
“Always?   That’s a pretty strong word, don’t you think?”
“Alright then, don’t I usually?”
“Okay, let’s go with ‘usually’ although ‘sometimes’ might be more accurate.”
“You want the work done or not?”
“Yes, please.”
“It’ll be done in an hour.  Drop by whenever you’re ready.”
“Thanks, Jett.  You’re the man!”
“Glad you think so.  In fact that motivates me to extend the preferred customer rates to the $35 a day storage charge that you’ve been racking up.  Bye.”
“Jett, wait!”… but he was gone.


* * *



Chapter 15


At 7 pm on Friday night Frank Salucci got into the Cool Cad and took the short drive from his home to the Gas Lamp district.  He was scheduled to meet Sarah, one of his favored regulars, at Brian’s 24 Restaurant, Bar and Grill on 6th Ave. The plan was to have drinks and dinner before checking into a hotel or going back to his place, he hadn’t decided yet.
Sarah was a tall leggy head turner, who knew how to dress and who had her dark straight hair attended to by a well known coiffeuse. She was already sitting at Brian’s bar knocking back a vodka Collins and chatting with the bartender.  Two different men that fancied themselves pick-up artists had already approached her and been unceremoniously batted away.
Frank parked on the second floor of the Horton Plaza parking structure, back near the exit, then went into the plaza, with its myriad stores and stands, and stuck his parking ticket into the validation machine.  Then he made his way down to the street level.  He walked out on 4th and turned toward F, and that’s where he spotted them, the guy who’d shook him down at the Pechanga, and the girl who cut his leg.
“It’s a small world,” Frank said, under his breath.
The light changed and Rick and Gloria and a few other pedestrians crossed 4th and headed toward 5th.  Frank waited until the group was almost across before he covered the last few yards to the cross walk and moved quickly to the other side.  As he followed from thirty yards back he had a quick look around and concluded that nobody was paying attention.
It seemed like Rick, Frank remembered his name from the tag on his jacket, and Gloria, that’s what  Rick had called her that at the restaurant, were quite an item now, bouncing off each other, laughing and talking like real sweethearts.  They could bury them side by side or maybe their cremated ashes could be mingled and sprinkled from the Coronado Bridge because Frank planned to make this their last day on earth.
When the little group got to the corner of F Street and 5th some went straight, crossing 5th with the light, a few turned right, and Rick and Gloria waited so they could walk east on 5th.  Frank stopped in front of a hat shop and looked at the displays in the windows.  A shop girl, dressed in fresh casual clothes, stepped out of the store and asked Frank if there was anything she could show him.  Maybe later, he told her, his eyes on the happy couple.  The light changed, Rick and Gloria started walking, and Frank stepped away from the store.
He barely made the light this time, but he did, closing the gap on Rick and Gloria by ten yards.  He wasn’t worried they’d seen him; they were oblivious, wrapped up in their little love affair.  Frank followed, twenty yards back, until he saw them duck into the Croce’s Restaurant and Jazz Bar.  He waited outside for five minutes and then walked quickly back to the hat shop.
The shop girl smiled when he came in.
“That was fast.”
“I told you I might be back.”
“Right, what can I help you with?”
Frank let his eyes wander over the shelves and stands which held nothing but hats.
“Well, I don’t see any shoes in here so how about a hat?”
The girl’s expression stayed cheerful.  She never let a customer rattle her; even a malcontent cretin like this one appeared to be.  Normally she would ask what kind of hat he was looking for but decided to ask no more questions.  Why give the buffoon an opportunity to come up with a snappy smart ass answer?
“Follow me, please,” she said, and began to walk through the store, pointing out the different types of hats.  When they’d seen almost 75% on the inventory Frank stopped and picked a black felt hat off a shelf.  It had a black ribbon headband, a nice brim, not too wide or narrow, and, on the inside of the hat, a narrow flexible sweat band that made it possible to fold the hat and put it in a drawer or a suitcase.  He checked the size, put it on his head and walked to a mirror.  For two minutes Frank tried the hat at different angles and with different facial expressions.  When he was satisfied he took it off and handed it to the girl.
“I’ll take it.”
The girl walked with the hat to the cash register.  The hat was actually on sale, down 15% from the regular price.  The girl had a list of hats she was supposed to tag a sale price on but she’d only finished about half of them.  Oh well, a piece of bad luck the wise ass would never know about. She was about to break her question rule and ask Frank if he was going to pay cash or credit, when he laid a hundred dollar bill on the counter.  She took the bill and gave him change while Frank put on his new hat.
“Thank you, come again,” the girl said, and then, when he was out the door, “Preferably on a day I’m not here.”
She reached under the counter and picked up a handful of sales tags, walked to the shelf with the black felt hats, and placed the first one there.

Frank entered the parking structure, walked to the Cool Cad, and opened the trunk.  The Sig-Sauer P-229 was in a cloth bag with handles.  Also in the bag were a clip-on holster, two ammo clips, and a silencer.  The holster did a good job of concealing a weapon under a coat, or even a short jacket, but Frank didn’t like it because having the gun ride up under his ribs was uncomfortable and made him feel like a dorky TV cop.
Frank took the holster and tossed it into the trunk.  Then he took a towel out of his gym bag and put it into the cloth bag to cover the gun, the silencer, and the ammo.  He carried the bag out of the structure and walked back down to the corner F St. and 5th Ave.  As he waited for the light, his new hat pulled down to hide his eyes, he thought about what he was about to do.  He knew it was a rush job, that he was formulating a plan on the run, and that he didn’t have his get-a-way figured out.  But he didn’t care.  It was a golden opportunity and he wasn’t going to pass it up.  He was going to put some 9mm slugs into that shake down artist and his cutter girlfriend, enough of them to make sure they exhaled their last breath onto a San Diego sidewalk.
While he waited for the light to change Frank took out his cell phone and speed dialed his date.
“This is Sarah,” she answered.
“Hi Sarah, this is Frank.  I’m on my way to our carwash.  I got a call from the police that someone broke into the office and I have to go there to talk with them, file a report, something.”
“I’m sorry to hear that, I was looking forward to seeing you.”
“Me too but don’t worry, I’ll call you soon and we can reschedule.”
“Okay, Frank, take care.”
Sarah wasn’t happy with the change of events but she tried to look on the bright side.  Frank would compensate her for her time and probably would reschedule soon, so moneywise it would be good.  And she wouldn’t have to spend the night in the sack with Frank.  Sarah hadn’t entered her chosen profession to be sexually satisfied but at the prices she charged she wanted her clients to believe that she was.  Sometimes it happened, no acting involved.  Other occasions demanded a performance.  With Frank only a performance good enough to receive an Oscar nomination would do.
Sarah was about ready to go when a snappy dresser with a hounds tooth sports coat, a blue shirt, and a yellow tie, walked in and took a seat at the bar two seats down from Sarah.  He was a good looking guy, Sarah thought, in his middle thirties, an up-and-comer in some sexy field – finance, law, computer technology.
“What’ll you have?” the bartender asked him.
“I’ll have whatever she’s having.” He looked over at Sarah and smiled, “Can I get one for you?”
A fast mover, Sarah thought.  She gave him her best come hither smile and said, “Are you sure you can afford it?”
The man laughed at her teasing, “Yes, I’m sure.”
“Alright then, I would like a drink.  Thank you.”
He looks like he can afford a lot more than a drink, thought Sarah.  She was sure he could afford some female companionship on a lonely night in the Gas Lamp.  Things were looking up.

When the light changed Frank walked up 5th and into Croce’s.  The restaurant had a lot of outdoor seating but the couple wasn’t there. Inside the door, to the left, was a long room with two rows of tables.  In the second row, three tables down, Rick and Gloria sat and ate.
Frank took a seat at the end of the bar, the only seat in the joint where he could keep an eye on them.  The bartender came over and he ordered a bourbon and Coke.  When he brought it Frank paid in cash.
Frank studied the couple as they ate their meal and tried to figure out if they would order desert.  He didn’t think so.  They were both pretty lean and didn’t look like desert eaters.  He didn’t know yet how he was going to do them.  Let them walk out and plug them from behind, or walk up ahead and get them from the front while they walked toward him.  Hitting them from the front appealed to him because he could look in their eyes when he opened up.  He’d push his hat back so they could see who it was.  He’d love to see their faces then, when they finally realized, too late, that Frank Salucci was not a man to mess with.  The problem was he didn’t know which way they’d turn when they came out.
Frank drained the drink, then slid off the barstool and stepped outside.  A little night air might clear his head and help him put the pieces of the plan together so he could do the lovebirds and get out of the area.  The getaway, that’s what he needed to figure out. This is when Bobby could be a great help, if he wasn’t such a wuss about offing people.  He could come down, steal a car and pick Frank up.  Then when the couple came out of the restaurant they’d drive by and Frank would open up from the back seat.  Job done.  Ditch the car, find a bar and celebrate over a beer.
Forget about Bobby, Frank said to himself, and, as much as he hated to say it, forget about the hit unless he could come up a way to vacate the area once it was done.  He looked up 5th Street, turned and looked down, more as a way to clear his mind then to see anything.  But he did see something.  On the other side of F was a taxi stand with a couple of taxis, one behind the other.  Yeah baby, Frank thought.  There’s always a way if you want it bad enough.
Frank crossed F and approached the first taxi.  He handed the driver $20 and said, “Some friends of mine will be coming out of the Croce’s in a few minutes.  I’m supposed to pick them up and take them to a surprise party in East Village.  Can I wait in the cab and when I see them we can drive up and get them?”
“Sure, get in,” said the driver as he turned over the meter.
Frank got into the back behind the driver, positioning the bag at his feet.
“I need to explain to the driver behind me that I have a fare and that I’ll send him the next fare that comes along.”
“Okay, but get back quick, I don’t want to miss them if they come out.”
The driver was half way to the cab behind him before Frank finished the sentence.  Frank watched through the back window and saw the driver lean over as he explained things to the other driver.  Then both drivers started laughing and when they stopped Frank’s driver came back and got behind the wheel.
“Everything all set?”
“All set.”
“What’s your name?”
“My name is Narayan.”
“Where are you from?”
“India, but I’ve been here for 15 years.”
Frank didn’t comment.  He had a feeling the cab driver didn’t like to talk and that was fine with him.  He didn’t need him to talk, he just needed him to follow directions.
Frank hadn’t noticed before but Narayan had a bluetooth in his ear so he could speak on the phone hands free.  He either made a call or received one but all of a sudden he was talking a mile a minute in what, Frank figured, must be what people spoke in India.  That was fine with Frank.  Maybe the guy would keep talking when the shooting started and wouldn’t even notice.  Frank stuck both hands into the bag and began screwing the silencer into the barrel of the Sig Saur.
He sat behind the driver and waited.  He had a clear view of the restaurant door but it seemed like they were taking forever.  Where were they?  Maybe they decided to have desert after all.  Finally, with Frank just about ready to walk into the Croce’s to see what was going on, the couple came out and started up the street.
“That’s them, the couple up ahead.  Try and get right alongside them.”
Narayan had a bad feeling as he moved toward the couple. Something was wrong with this customer and his wraparound sunglasses and slick black hat.  If he didn’t want to go into the restaurant he could hang outside until his friends came out and then get a cab.  There were plenty of them around, so why sit in one letting the meter run when you didn’t have to?
Narayan looked in his rearview mirror he saw the customer hadn’t fastened his seatbelt and had lowered the window all the way down.  He saw him pull something from the bag and heard him fiddling with it.  Then he saw him rest his left arm across the door and bring up his right hand with a large pistol with a long barrel just as they reached the couple.
Narayan had been giving his wife the play by play from the time he’d filled in the other driver.  Suddenly he switched to English.
“What the hell!” he yelled at the top of his lungs as he put the gas pedal to the floor and yanked the wheel to the right.  The acceleration threw Frank off some but his elbows kept him fastened to the open window and he was able to get off five or six rounds.  He could see that one of them hit Rick because he bent at the waist and put his hand on his side.
Narayan yanked the wheel back to the left but it didn’t matter, Frank wasn’t going to get off any more shots at the happy couple.  The golden opportunity lost because of this Indian fool cab driver. Frank had plenty of rounds left but he’d only need one to the back of the head as soon as the cab stopped.

Narayan was coming up on a red light.  The middle lane was free of cars and Narayan didn’t hesitate.  He moved into the lane and shot out into the intersection and suddenly it was all horns and screeching tires.  He was almost across when a Jeep Grand Cherokee hit him behind the right wheel, spinning the cab ninety degrees as Narayan slammed on the brakes and Frank fell forward into the back of the driver’s seat and on to the floor.
Narayan threw the transmission into park and ran, leaving his gun firing passenger scrambling to get off the floor. He sprinted a full block before turning around to check.  No one was following him so he stopped, leaned against a wall and breathed deeply through his mouth.  Narayan, was lean and looked to be in good shape but he rarely exercised and running a block felt like sprinting a marathon.
Still leaning against the wall and breathing hard he said, “All he had to do was ask and I’d have told him, I didn’t do drive bys.”
“What Narayan?  What did you say?”
“You’re still on the line?  I didn’t realize it.”
“Yes I’m here.  What’s going on?  You sound out of breath.  It sounded like you were running before.”
“I was.  I had to run from the cab.  A passenger was trying to shoot people from the window of my taxi while I was driving!”
“Oh my God!  Be careful!”
“I will.  I’ll call you again when things settle down.”
Time to move.  Narayan turned and walked fast up a couple of streets then turned and walked some more.  Then he pulled out his cell phone, dialed 911, and gave the woman who answered the particulars of the incident.
“Are you at the scene?” the woman asked.
“I’m a few blocks away.”
“Can you get to the scene to talk to the officers when they get there?”
“Give the police my number and tell them to call me when everything is secure.”
“You don’t think the shooter is still there do you?”
“No, but he’s crazy enough to be.  You ever hear of anyone using a taxi for a drive by shooting?”
When the lady didn’t answer Narayan said, “I didn’t think so,” then hung up and called the cab company.

Gloria had Rick by the arm and was moving him up the sidewalk as fast as she could.  “Are you alright?”
“I think so.  I feel like I’ve been branded, with burning iron,” he gasped, “but I’m still walking and talking.”
Gloria looked ahead and halted, bringing Rick to a stop with her. “Look at that,” she said, pointing up the street at the cab.
Rick looked up and saw Frank get out of the back of the cab and into the driver’s seat.  He adjusted the mirror, fastened the seatbelt, and drove away.
Gloria said, “That guy is a piece of work, isn’t he?
“Yeah, I’ll give him that.”
“Let me have a look at that,” Gloria said as he moved to his side.  “Pull up your shirt.”
Rick winced as his shirt tail ran over the wound.  Gloria bent so she could get a good look.  “In and out,” she said. “Looks like it took some flesh with it but nothing serious.”
Rick couldn’t believe it was nothing serious. “It feels serious.  It hurts like it’s serious.”
“I’m sure it does but there won’t be any permanent damage.  If it would have hit you here,” Gloria touched his abdomen a few inches, in and up from the wound, “it would have broken a couple of ribs, hit your liver, and...”
Rick didn’t know a lot about medicine but he knew you only had one liver and if you lost it you’d be, in the words of Raymond Chandler, “sleeping the big sleep.”
“And a bullet in my liver would be much more serious.”
“Right, maybe even fatal.”
A portly man with a large mustache came out of a store carrying a metal folding chair which he set down in front of his place of business.  “Here you are young man” he said.  “I called 911 so medical people should be here any minute.”
“Thank you,” said Rick, as he sat down.
“Here’s a couple of clean handkerchiefs for your wound.”
Rick took them and pressed one against his side.  “Thanks.”
A few minutes later they heard sirens and then an ambulance arrived and medics, one male and one female jumped out from the back doors.  They pulled out a metal stretcher on wheels and brought it over to where Rick was sitting.  “Are you the patient?” the woman asked.
“Yes he is,” said Gloria.
The female medic said, “Alright sir, can you lie down on the gurney?”
“It’s not that serious.  Can I just grab a seat in the van?”
“There’s really no place for you to sit,” said the other medic. “The only way in is on the gurney.”
“Can I walk over to the ambulance and get on it there?”
“Come on man it’s just a short ride, people do it every day.”
“Okay.”  Rick stood up and lay down on the gurney.  Gloria walked with him as the medics rolled him to the ambulance.  Then they collapsed the gurney, guided it to the ground and lifted it up and into the ambulance.  That done the medics climbed into seats alongside Rick.
A car pulled up across the street and parked in a red zone.  “Cops,” Gloria announced.
The ambulance driver looked back over his shoulder and yelled, “We’re out of here.”
Gloria looked in at Rick strapped down in the back of the ambulance.  “I’ll talk to the cops and call you in 30 or 40 minutes.”
“Okay.”
“We’re out of here!” said the driver with a little more urgency then the last time.
The medic nearest the rear doors shut them as the driver took off, sirens wailing.
“Does he really need the siren?” said Rick.
“No, he’s just got them on so the cops won’t stop us and waste our time while they talk to you.”
“Oh.”
“The cops can find you if they need to,” said the woman.  “Is that your wife?  The lady you were with?”
“No.”
“Girlfriend?”
“Hopefully things are headed that way. We’ve only known each other for a few days.”
“You could have fooled me.  I watched her when we were getting you ready and she looked pretty concerned, like a wife or a girl friend would.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, she was buying your action.”
Rick laughed, “Buying my action, huh? That sounds good.  You’re sure about that?”
“Not a doubt in my mind.”

Two men in suits, one about 25,  the other maybe 38 or 40, exited the car and walked across the street. Gloria looked at the car and couldn’t help but think that it was like every TV detective car she’d ever seen: dark, old, nondescript.  When they got near Gloria they flashed their badges and introduced themselves: Detectives Young and Spears.
Young, was the youngest of the two, which seemed to make sense.  He took out a notebook and Spears started asking questions.
“Can I get your name, address and telephone numbers please.”
Gloria obliged.
“Can you tell me what happened?”
“We came out of Croce’s and a taxi rolled up to us and then peeled off, zig-zagging up the street.  A guy in the back got off maybe six or eight shots and hit my friend in the side.  The taxi had its side hit going through the intersection and the driver hit the brakes and then ran from the taxi.  Salucci climbed out of the back and got into the driver’s seat and took off.”
“Salucci?  You know the shooter?”
“Yes,” said Gloria, “we know him.”
“Why is he shooting at you?”
Gloria gave the detectives their short, bazaar history with Frank Salucci.  Then she said, “We know he shot at us because he’s the only person who’d want to.  However we can’t identify him because he was wearing a hat and sunglasses and my guess is when you talk to him he’ll have a credible alibi.”
“Do you know where Salucci might be now?”
“No, but sooner or later he’ll be in his beloved Cadillac with its COOLCAD plates.”
“Do you think you’re still at risk with this guy………what’s his first name?”
“Frank, Frank Salucci.  Do I think we’re at risk with him running around loose in San Diego?   Yes, absolutely. We’re in danger, the guy just tried to kill us.  He’s a psychopath!” she almost shouted.
Young and Spears went quiet and Gloria did the same.  After a moment she  looked at Spears.  “I’m sorry,” she said.  “I didn’t mean to raise my voice.  I’m just not used to this stuff, getting shot at, having thugs sent to my house to beat me up.  It’s unnerving.”
“Don’t worry, we’ll look up Mr. Salucci and inform him that he’s a suspect in an attempted murder case.  You might want to keep off the streets or leave town for a few days.  We’ll call you if there are any developments.”
“Thanks.” Gloria didn’t see much sense in telling them she had left town for a few days and couldn’t keep it up forever.
Then Young, like a cop clairvoyant said, “If you can’t leave town then mix things up.  Drive different routes to and from work and make arrangements to come in early one day and late the next.  Look into your car, front seat, back seat and floor, before you get in and…”
“And get a hand gun and learn how to use it?”
Young and Spears looked at each other and then Spears said, “We can’t suggest that because it’s illegal in California but, I’ve been told, some people would rather deal with being illegal then being dead.”
Gloria nodded, “I could be one of them.”
Young put his notebook and pen in his coat pocket and Gloria said, “Tell me, isn’t it illegal for police detectives to park in a red zone?”
“Highly probable but we’ve never gotten a ticket,” said Young.
“Well I’m happy to see that someone’s getting some use out of those red zones. This town isn’t that easy park in, so when cops leave the available spots to the tax payers, I consider that good police work.”
“Well, thank you.  That’s exactly how we feel,” said Spears.

Gloria walked down the street and stopped by a lamp pole.  She pulled out her cell and speed dialed Rick.

Spears and Young, standing by their car in the red zone, watched her as she made the call.
Spears said, “What do you think?”
“I think she’s hot.  Sounds like her boyfriend is going to make it but if he doesn’t …”
“You’re sick Young, a real sicko.  I mean you’re funny and I’m laughing but you are seriously sick.”
“Probably some truth in that but, you have to admit, she is hot, right?  And I think she likes me.”
Spears looked at his partner and shook his head. “You think she likes you?  You’re sicker than I thought partner. If I we’re you I’d try to lose that thought because no good can come of it.”  Spears pulled out his phone and flipped it open.  “I’m going to call the cab driver and see if I you can get him over here.”

Rick picked up on the second ring.
“How are you?” said Gloria.
“I’m fine. They shot me with some pain killers and they’re going to stitch me up any minute.  It seems like a hundred people have looked at it, like it’s a rare disease never before seen in San Diego.”
“You sound up.  You must be enjoying all the attention.”
Rick laughed.  “I wouldn’t have put it that way but yeah, I guess I am.”
“I just talked to the police.  They’re going to look Sulucci up and see what he has to say.  They said they’d let him know he’s a suspect in an attempted murder.”
“That’s good I guess.  I’m sure he’ll have a phony alibi by the time they talk to him.
“Yeah, probably.”
“Did the cops say anything about talking to me?”
“No, but they know where you are if they want to.”
“Yeah, I’ll be here for awhile anyway.  How are you getting home?”
“Walk or take a cab.  What about you?”
“I’ll probably take a cab to Horton’s Plaza and retrieve the tow truck.”
“I’d invite you over but all I can think about is sleep.”
“I hear you.”
Gloria looked up the street where Young and Spears were talking to an Indian who, she guessed was the cab driver.  “I’ve got to go. I think the cops are talking to the cab driver and I want to find out.”
“If it’s him give him some money and I’ll pay you back.  If that guy hadn’t done what he did we’d be dead on the street.”
“I’m going to go see, and I will give him some money, but let’s go 50/50.  I’ll feel better about it.
Rick hung up just as a couple of orderlies brought in a gurney.
“Ready to go get stitched up?”


* * *



Chapter 16


Gloria walked up the street toward the detectives and the cab driver.  She didn’t want to disturb them so she stopped 15 yards off and leaned up against a building.  It was perfect timing because the cab driver was answering the last question and Spears and Young climbed into their government issued rig and pulled out of the red zone.  The cab driver watched them go and by the time they turned the corner Gloria was standing alongside him.
“Hi, I’m Gloria Hesselgrave.”
“Yes, I recognize you, the woman my passenger was shooting at.  My name is Narayan Rai.”
“Nice to meet you, Narayan.”  They shook hands and Gloria said, “I want to thank you for throwing him off balance with your driving, you probably saved our lives.  You took a big risk and I want to thank you for my friend and myself.”
“Where’s your friend?”
“He took a bullet in his side but he’s alright.  They’re stitching him up now I imagine.”
“Well that’s good to hear.  Good to hear he’s alright, I mean.”
“Listen, can I buy you a coffee or a tea?”
“I won’t say no.”
On the way down 5th, as they looked for a restaurant, Narayan said, “My wife makes tea at home but when I’m out I drink coffee.  American’s are good at many things but making tea isn’t one of them.”
They found a place with tables and chairs on the sidewalk behind a wrought iron fence.
“Do you want to sit outside?” said Gloria.
“Sure, it’s a nice day.”
When the waiter came Narayan ordered a coffee and Gloria a cup of black tea.  Narayan looked up, surprised.  He smiled and said, “It looks like you doubt my expert opinion.”
“Not at all, I just want to see how bad it is.”
They talked about this and that until the waiter brought the drinks.  He set an 8 ounce paper cup of black tea, the tea bag still in the cup, in front of Gloria, and a similar cup containing coffee before Narayan.  Gloria and Narayan both added cream and sugar from little packets held in a plastic container in the center of the table.
Then the poker playing nurse and the Indian cab driver looked at each other, raised their cups, and drank.
When they both finished with their first sip Narayan said, “Good, as expected. Yours?”
“I hardly ever drink tea but I think it tastes pretty good.  Do you want to try some?”
“No, I’ll take your word for it.  If it’s good I’ll have to abandon my long held theory and if it’s bad I’ll have to contradict you.  I don’t want to do either, so not trying the tea is my best option.”
“Speaking of options, thank you for helping us earlier.”
“I think it was more of a reaction than anything else but I’m glad I was in a position to help.”
They talked for another ten minutes while they sipped their drinks.  They talked about driving a taxi and being a nurse in San Diego.  Narayan talked about his family, his two children in high school and one in college.  He told her about his wife of 20 years and asked if she was married to the man she was with.  She wasn’t married, she said, the man she was with was a friend.
Narayan’s phone rang and he picked it up.  “Yeah, really? Okay.  Okay, I’ll be there.  I’ll take a taxi.”
While  Narayan was busy on the phone Gloria set her purse on her lap and counted her money.  Despite the loss on the last night in Vegas there was still a healthy sum.  She counted out $1200 and put it into an envelope from an old utility bill.
Narayan put his phone in his pocket.  “They found the taxi a couple of miles from here and they’re towing it to the yard.  I’m going to go down there now, get a new taxi, and finish my shift.”
“Good luck with the rest of the night Narayan, I hope it’s calmer then the first part.  Tell me, what’s the biggest tip you ever got driving a taxi?”
“I got $100 three times over the years.  The last time was from a drug dealer on New Year’s Eve.”
“I’m going to leave a tip that’s a bit larger so you’ll remember how grateful we are that you took action and just didn’t just sit back and let that bastard kill us.”
Narayan didn’t know what to say so he sat quietly.  Gloria brought out the envelope and placed in front of him.  She looked around in her purse for some smaller bills but she couldn’t find any.
“Could you cover the drinks?” Gloria asked.
“Certainly,” he said.  He hadn’t counted the money but he’d looked through the little window in the envelope and knew the top bill was $100.
“Thank you again Narayan,” she said as she stuck out her hand.  He took it and they shook hands and Gloria stepped out onto the sidewalk and walked away.
Narayan counted the money twice, exhaling each time.  Then he speed dialed his wife.

Young and Spears showed up at the hospital about a half hour after Rick was stitched up.  The interview went fast since the detectives had most of the information they needed from Gloria Hesselgrave and Narayan Rai.  They asked him about Frank Salucci and Rick told them the same thing Gloria had – he knew he was the shooter but couldn’t make a positive i.d.
The following morning at 7:15 am Rick checked out of the hospital and took a cab to the Horton Plaza Parking Structure.  He made his way through the garage toward his truck on the second floor.  He climbed in, started it up, and headed toward the exit.  On the way he saw something he definitely didn’t expect to see.  Backed into a spot not far from where he’d parked the tow truck was the Cool Cad, empty spaces on both sides.
Rick didn’t hesitate except to check for security cameras.  When he didn’t see any he lined up the truck’s end 8 feet from the front of the Cadillac, put it in reverse and put the pedal to the floor.  The truck shot back into the Cool Cad smashing the headlights, the bumper, the grill, the fan and the radiator and buckled the hood.  The doors, fenders – front and back – and the taillights on each side were destroyed when Rick backed into one side of the car and then the other.  He thought about pushing the car away from the wall so he could get to the rear end but didn’t want to take the time and abandoned the idea.  Rick noticed that the COOLCAD plate was hanging from the front of the vehicle by a single screw.  He slid out of the truck, yanked the plate free, and tossed it on the passenger side floor when he climbed back in.  Then he exited the garage after paying his bill and headed for the 5 north.
Reducing the Cool Cad to an ugly block of metal, worth maybe $500 to an auto wrecker, had taken less than a minute.  Like in the Nicholas Cage, Angelina Jolie movie, ‘Gone In 60 Seconds.’

Five miles up the 5 freeway, going 62 mph in a middle lane, red lights filled the cab and a siren assaulted his ears.  “Cops,” Rick said aloud as he pulled over to the side and rolled to a stop.
The police cruiser pulled over and stopped a car length behind the truck.  Rick saw the police officer in the mirror, working his computer that came off the dashboard to the right of the steering wheel. Probably punching in the license number of the truck, Rick thought.  That shouldn’t be a problem unless someone saw him smash up the Cool Cad and called it in and Rick would bet the rest of his Bad Beat Jackpot that no one did. But if it didn’t have anything to do with the Cadillac smash up why did the cop pull him over?
Rick was about to find out.  In the mirror he could see the cop, a highway patrolman, getting out of his car and walking toward him.  He was about 35, tall and muscular with a somewhat subdued cop’s swagger.  He approached the passenger side of the truck.
Be polite and friendly but not to friendly, Rick told himself.  If he asks if you know why he pulled me over say no.
“Good morning,” said the officer.
“Good morning,” said Rick, trying to sound as pleasant as he could.
“Did you know your left tail light is out?”
“No I didn’t,” said Rick, trying to look concerned now.
“You should get it fixed right away.  My brother in law is a lawyer in a firm of ambulance chasers and he says they make beacoup bucks any time a tow truck, or any service vehicle, is in an accident and has any type of light problem.
“ I’ll get it fixed this morning.”
“Good. I just got a call so I’d appreciate it if you could let me back on the freeway first.”
“Of course.”
“Have a nice day,” said the cop as he headed back to his car.
One of the few times a cop had told him to have a nice day and hadn’t already ruined it by giving him a ticket.  Thankfully the cop didn’t know what he’d done to the Cool Cad or the day would have been anything but nice.
Rick watched the police cruiser roll, get up on the shoulder and accelerate into traffic.  When it was out of sight Rick did the same.  On the way to his place  he stopped at a Pep Boys and got a tail light and bulb.  When he got home he opened the garage and moved the truck in.  After closing the garage door he got a can of paint thinner, a wire brush and some rags, and started removing the Cool Cad’s paint from the back of the truck.
When he finished he made a sandwich and then went on line and ordered an ankle holster.  He paid extra to have it shipped express.

Michael Waller, know as Hugger whenever he attended a Rainbow Gathering, sat in his room at the Sands Regency Hotel in Reno and channel surfed.  He kept checking his watch, a Citizen 8651 that never needed a new battery because the face of the watch absorbed light, sunlight or artificial, and used it to charge the watch’s battery.  The Citizen told Hugger the time, am or pm, the date, the day of the week and what phase the moon was in.  The claim was that the watch could run for six months without being exposed to light.  Hugger figured that if his Citizen was in the dark for six months it would be because he was dead and the watch was buried with him.
Hugger spent a lot of time in the wilderness on land owned by the Federal Government, and he liked to know the time, the date, and the day of the week.  It helped him stay in touch with the outside world while he trekked across government land planting cannabis.   A lot of Rainbow folks believed that the people owned the government land, since the government was elected by the people.  Presidents, Senators and Representatives were elected but Supreme Court Justices were appointed, and FBI agents, who worked for the Federal Government, were hired.
The “this land is your land, this land is my land” credo was believed  by many who made their way each summer to the Rainbow Gathering, which was held somewhere in the continental United States, always on federal land.  Some Rainbow Folks knew that “this land is your land, this land is government land,” and the only reason they allowed the Rainbow folks to gather at all was because it would be too much work to keep 15 to 20,000 of them off the land.  Hugger never disagreed with anyone’s views on the subject of the land but the truth was he didn’t care, as long as he could use it.
He looked at his watch again and switched off the TV.  If DW didn’t show up within 30 minutes Hugger would have to spring for another day at the Regency and that wasn’t going to happen. He got his throwaway cell and punched in the number.
DW picked up immediately.  “Hey Dude, thanks for calling.  I’m still about 40 minutes out.”
“Okay, but meet me in the lobby when you get here.  I have to check out or they’ll stick me with another day.”
“If you hold the room I’ll pay for your whole stay as long as I can take a last shower before the Rainbow.  Oh, my girl says hi and she’d like a shower too.”
“ Showers are no problem.  They have a nice pool if you want to go for a swim.  And if you and your girl care for a little ‘kissy face, huggy bear’ I can take a walk.”
“That’s a thought.  Listen, we’ll be their soon.  It will be good to see you, man.”
“You too.”
Hugger called the front desk and told the clerk he’d need the room for one more day.  He thought of mentioning that a couple of friends would be coming up but decided it wasn’t necessary.  Then he stretched out on the bed for a nap.
An hour later there was a knock at the door.  “Let us in Dude.”
Hugger glanced at his watch as he went to the door.  He checked the peep hole and saw DW and his lady friend. He threw the door open and DW came in smiling, hugging, and back pounding.  Then he pumped Hugger’s hand and said, “It’s great to see you man.  You look good, really good.”
“As do you, my friend.  As do you.”
While all this was going on the girl watched politely.  Then DW stepped back and put an arm around her shoulder.
“Hugger, this is my good friend Teresa Banks.”
She stuck out her hand and Hugger shook it.
“Nice to meet you, Teresa.”
DW said, “Can I take the first shower?  I promise not to use all the hot water.”
“It’s a hotel babe, I don’t think you can possibly use all the hot water.”
“In that case I’ll be out in, ah, 20 minutes.”  DW stepped into the bathroom and shut the door.  A minute later they could hear the shower going.
Hugger and Teresa sat on separate queen sized beds so that they faced each other.  Teresa looked to Hugger to be about 25, ten or 12 years younger than DW and himself. She was attractive with dark brown hair that just touched her shoulders.  She had a nice figure and a natural look about her. She seemed at ease with him.
Hugger said, “My name is Mike Waller, Hugger is the handle I use at the Rainbow Gathering.”
“Thanks for telling me your name, Mike, it makes me feel like we’re from the same solar system.”
“I’m pretty sure we are.”
“You know what I mean.  It seems to me these Rainbow names are a bit of a trip.  Your friend and mine, the guy taking a shower in there, I like him a lot.  He’s funny, he’s considerate, he’s generous; he’s a cool guy.  Now why would a man like that want to call himself Deep Water?”
Hugger laughed.  “Yeah, it’s out there isn’t it?”
“What does it mean?”
“Did he tell you what he does for a living?”
“He said he grows marijuana on a large scale.”
“Right, well Deep Water refers to ‘Bubbleponics’ which is a deep water  hydroponic system that runs nutrient filled water over the free hanging roots of the cannabis.  Makes the weed grow fast and produce more. What did D.W. tell you it meant?”
“First he said he was into deep sea diving.  A couple of days later he told me he’d bought and restored Earnest  Hemmingway’s boat, ‘Pilar,” and he used it to fish for marlin in deep waters off the west coast of Mexico.  Of course we both knew it was b.s. but he sure got a kick out of it.”
Hugger said, “I’ve seen him tell people some outrageous things.  At one Gathering he told people his name was the Deep Space Kid because he’d been an astronaut, with many missions under his belt, but got laid off when NASA downsized.”
“Did people believe him?”
“I don’t think so.  He wasn’t trying to get them to believe any of it, he just liked telling wild stories.  He told me that he thought for every person who actually believed he was an astronaut there were 50 who thought that the Deep Space  Kid was a guy who took one too many acid trips.  He got too far out and never came back.  Ask him, he’ll probably tell you anything you want to know if he’s convinced you’ll keep it to yourself.”
“Don’t worry, I can keep a secret.  It comes with the territory.”
“What territory is that?”
“I work for the DEA as a deep cover agent.”
Teresa watched Hugger go quiet and his eyes get serious.  She pointed an index finger at him and said, “Gottcha.”
It took a few seconds for Hugger to regain his composure.  He laughed, trying to show Teresaa that he hadn’t taken it seriously.  “You might want to be careful telling jokes like that unless you know how to handle heart attacks and strokes.”

Awhile later, with D. W. still in the shower, Teresa said, “Daniel Shea, that’s his real name, right?  That’s what he told me.”
“Let me ask you a question first.  If you had to decide right now whether you trusted him or not, whether you believed him or not, what would be your decision?”
Teresa paused for a minute and then said, “I’d say I trust him.  I do trust him.”
“Daniel Shea, aka the Deep Water/Deep Space Kid is a good guy and, in my opinion, is more trustworthy than most.  He’s just in a business where he needs to be careful.  Tell me, do people ever call you Terry?”
“No one who wants to stay on my good side calls me Terry.   I’m happy with Teresa, Terry is a boy’s name.”
“Thanks, I’ll keep that in mind.  Are you going to go with us to the Gathering?”
“I’ll drive out and hang out for a few hours but then I going to visit my sister in San Francisco.”
“And file your report with the DEA?”
“That too.”
“Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.  No more jokes on that subject.”
“Agreed.  Sorry about that first one, I just couldn’t resist.”
“You had the element of surprise and you certainly surprised me, you know that don’t you?”
“Yeah, but don’t worry, I won’t rub it in.”
“Dan said you’re going to take his car to San Francisco and then pick him up here on the Gathering on the 4th.”
“That’s the plan.”
“So I’ll probably see you then.”
“Yeah,” she smiled, “it will be nice to see you.  I’m sorry, I didn’t mean to ask so many questions and to complain about Dan’s Rainbow name.”
“No worries.  The Deep Water Kid is a weird name, even for the Rainbow Gathering, although I’ve heard weirder.”
“Like Hugger?”
“Very funny, but no, not like Hugger.”
“How did you come up with that name?”
“Can’t say now but you’ll probably see for yourself if you spend enough time hanging with us.”

DW came out of the shower with a white terrycloth towel wrapped around his waist.  He was in good shape, Hugger knew, from a lot of walking, running and swimming and some weight lifting.  He told Hugger that he didn’t particularly   enjoy the exercise but he did it for his health’s sake.  Like most people he wasn’t getting any younger.
“The shower is ready, Miss Teresa,” said DW, lifting his voice and his head at the end of the sentence.
“Thank you very much, Mr. DW,” said Teresa, lifting her head and using the same intonation.  Then she went into the bathroom and locked the door.
Dan said, “Did you have a nice talk?”
“Yeah, we did.”
“What do you think of her?”
“I think she’s a live wire.   She got any friends?”

While Teresa was in the shower Hugger moved his stuff into the VW and DW packed his bag and brought it to his car.  Hugger went in and paid the bill.  When he came out DW said, “How much was it?”
Hugger told him and DW pulled out a roll of bills and peeled off the right amount, rounded off on the up side.  Hugger divided the cash in two and tried to give half back but DW wouldn’t have it.  “I told you I’d pay the whole bill, so I’m morally obliged to do it.”
“Well, thanks then… for fulfilling your moral obligation.”
DW was looking at his watch when Teresa joined them in the parking lot.  “I’m not late, we didn’t assign a time to be out here.”
“I was just checking the time babe, not making a statement.”
“I noticed you have a nice watch Hugger, with that little solar system on the bottom.  What does that do?”
“It tells what phase the moon is in.  As a matter of fact DW gave me this watch a few years back.”
“Really?” said Teresa.  “That was very sweet of you, honey.”  She walked over and gave DW a hug.  He smiled at Hugger over Teresa’s shoulder.
“Yeah,” said Hugger, “he told me that when a mountain lion or a bear got a hold of me in the woods I’d know the time and date and what phase the moon was in when I took my last breath.”
“That’s why you gave him the watch?”
“Not exactly.  That part was kind of a joke.  You have to know our history to really understand it.”
“Why don’t you tell her all about it on the way up?” said Hugger.
“Good idea,” said Teresa, “I’ll drive.”
“And I’ll reach far back into the memory banks to recall the story of Hugger and the Citizen watch.”

Hugger got into the VW bus and Teresa slid behind the wheel of the Explorer as DW took the passenger seat and began rubbing his frontal lobes.
“Are you alright?”  said Teresa.  “Do you have a headache?”
“No, I’m priming the pump, getting the memory banks ready for a big withdrawal.”
“Do you really believe that rubbing your head is going to stimulate your memory?”
“No, but it’s symbolic.  The rain dance doesn’t bring the rain but……..”
“But what?”
“But, I don’t know...it gives the rain dancers something to do.  Better than sitting around doing nothing.”
“You sure come up with some crazy stuff.”
“A little crazy is okay.”
“I agree with that.  Hanging out with you is teaching me that a little crazy can be entertaining.”
“I was hoping you’d see it that way.”
Awhile later Teresa said, “So what’s the deal with Hugger’s watch, the history between you and him that I need to understand before I can understand the watch.”
“The basic story is Hugger got me into the business.  Ten years ago I spent six months running around Federal lands with him planting pot.”
“Where?”
“Washington mostly, a little in Idaho.  When it was ready we harvested it.  That was work.  Cutting the branches and the leaves, putting them in sacks, carrying them out, and trucking them to the buyer.”
“You must have made a lot of money.”
“We did. But in my opinion it was too much work and way too much risk.  All that carrying and driving, you get stopped with that much weed, you got trouble that’s going to last a long time.  Hugger doesn’t do that anymore.  He grows the stuff and gives maps to the buyer who arranges all the transport.  Of course it’s less money but well worth it.”
“So what happened between the two of you?”
“I’m getting there, I’m getting there,” said DW, casting a smile at his new squeeze.  “I rented a warehouse in Oakland and started growing the weed in pots.  It was a struggle at first but I caught on and did alright.  Then I came across the deep water bobblephonics system of growing.  It’s basically a system where water with nutrients runs over the roots of the plants and the yield is a lot higher and faster than a plant in dirt.
“I’ve got a fairly big operation going now and I could use Huggers help.  I try to convince him but he likes the big outdoors.  I bought him the watch to remind him that if he was working with me there would be less to worry about, like bears and mountain lions.”
“Do you think he’ll ever come around to your way of thinking?”
“No but I’ll keep working on it.  It’s kind of a joke between us.”


* * *



Chapter 17


Hugger had studied the directions on the internet and knew they’d be off the paved roads soon.  A minute later he pulled into a gas station, Teresa right behind him.  While the cars were filling up Hugger, Teresa, and DW stood between them and talked.
“Anybody hungry besides me?” said DW.
“I am,” said Hugger.
“Me  too,” said Teresa.  “There’s a hamburger joint right across the street.”
“Let’s do it.”
When the vehicles were gassed up Hugger and Teresa drove across the street while DW walked.  Next to the restaurant was a small grocery store.  Teresa noticed a hand written sign in the window that said “Only one Rainbow person in the store at a time.  No backpacks allowed in the store.”  She waited until they got their food before she asked about it.
“They’re afraid,” said Hugger.  “All these freaky people invading their town, they don’t know what to make of it.  They’re afraid people will steal from them and a small percentage will.  But the rest of the invaders, the thousands who will hit that place over the course of the Gathering, will spend money; a lot of money when you add it all together.”
DW said, “You’d think they’d figure that out, but if they don’t want the business, they don’t want the business.”
When they got to their cars a large bus pulled into the gas station and up to the diesel pump.  It was brown and it had a raised roof with stained glass windows coming down at a 45 degree angle in the front and rear of the bus.  The door of the bus opened and half a dozen young men stepped out.  They were dressed from another era: bellbottoms, vests, scarves, tie dyed T-shirts, black boots and enough rings to stock a small jewelry store.  Half of them were smoking cigarettes until another customer reminded them that they were in a gas station where smoking was both illegal and unwise.  One of the smokers apologized and they all moved across the street and check out the market.
For some reason they reminded Teresa of the Rolling Stones back when they were young, about a hundred years ago.
Three smokers from the bus, who’d finished their cigarettes, stopped and read the sign on the store window.  One of them said, “That’s going to complicate things man.  We’ve got to buy what we need and get out of here, we don’t have time to go in one at a time.”
“I’ll tell you what, I’ll go in and get some stuff and try to be my usual nice, polite, mellow self.  When I pay I’ll talk to them and ask them if we can come in two at a time.”
Larry, the man who’d read the sign and said it wouldn’t do, spoke up again.  “Sounds like a plan, Joe.  You’ve always been a great ass kisser.”
Joe gave Larry a disgust conveying look and walked into the store.  Seven or eight minutes later he came out with his purchases in a paper bag.   “You guys can go in.”
“What did you tell them?” asked Larry.
“I’ll tell you when you come out.”
Larry and the guy with him, whose name was Mark, walked in and a couple of other guys and two wildly dressed young women walked over to Joe.  Joe told them, “They have a rule that only one person at a time can go into the store but they extended it to two.  When Larry and Mark come out why don’t you guys go in and a couple of minutes later you ladies slide through.  I’ll bet they’ll let it go.”
Awhile later Larry and Mark came out with their goods and the two guys entered. “So Joe, what did you say to them to get us in?”
“I told them you were 19 with the brain of a 2 year old and that you had to have someone to get you to the bathroom at a moment’s notice.”
Larry frowned, “You told them that?”
“It worked didn’t it?”
A few other people from the bus went into the store and Hugger and DW decided they could use a few things as well.  Teresa leaned against the van and watched the Rainbow people come and go.  One of the wildly dressed women, with a cigarette between her fingers, asked Teresa if she had a light.  Teresa went over to the Explorer and opened the glove compartment.  There were a couple of dollar lighters lying on a stack of maps.  Teresa took one and gave it to the girl who little the cigarette.
“Keep it,” said Teresa when the girl tried to give it back.
The girl thanked her and put the lighter in a cloth draw string bag with her cigarettes.
DW and Hugger each picked out a few things.  DW bought a two liter bottle of Sutter House merlot and went up to the counter to pay for it.  The couple who ran the store were probably in their late forties.  Hugger noticed a shot gun leaning against the wall behind the man.  After they paid they went back to the cars.
When Teresa saw the wine she said, “Are you going to stay at A Camp, DW?”
“No way, babe, I couldn’t handle that.”
“Then why do you have wine?  I thought anyone with alcohol is supposed to stay in A Camp.”
“Well, that’s the rule but if you don’t flash it around and don’t get out of line yourself, it’s usually not a problem.”
“Is that right Hugger?”
Hugger pulled a pint of Jim Beam out of his bag and said, “Yes it is.”
Teresa shook her head and said, “Let’s go.”
As they pulled out Teresa looked over at the brown bus with the stained glass windows that looked like it was ready to roll, everyone in, the diesel engine shaking the whole bus.
“They’re from Texas,” said Teresa.  “That’s what their plates say.  What are they, hippies? Gypsies?  Whatever they are I wouldn’t expect them to be from Texas.”
“Texas is a big place,” said DW, “lots of people.  They can’t all be cowboys.”
“Apparently not.”

Not far out of Alturas they came to a turn that eventually brought them to a wooden sign on a large post that said ‘Rainbow Gathering.’  Hugger stopped and talked to the guy manning the spot.
“Where’s Bus Village?”
“About half a mile up take a left and go another 200 yards.  You can’t miss it, but you don’t have to stay there in your VW bus, Bus Village is for the forty footers.”
“I know, I’ve got friends I want to see there.  Hey, the car behind me, they’re with me.”
“Okay partner, I’ll wave them through.”  As Hugger pulled away the guy yelled after him, “Welcome Home!”
Hugger put his arm out the window and waved it once.
A few minutes later both vehicles pulled into bus village.  Teresa said, “This could be from a prequel to ‘Easy Rider.’  These people and their rides are wild.”
“That’s what makes the Gathering the Gathering,” said DW.
While Hugger situated his bus and DW pitched his tent Teresa took a walk through Bus Village to check things out and discreetly snap a few pictures.  She estimated there were 20 busses painted in every imaginable color.  Most of them were converted school busses, Crowns and Blue Birds, but she spotted a few MCI’s and a top of the line Prevost with a hydraulic slide out.
At least two of the buses belonged to hippy families with five or six kids between them.  It was hard to determine who owned the rest as it could be any of the hippies between the ages of 18 and 60 who were walking among the buses.  The most outrageous bus Teresa saw was a Crown with the roof partially cut away to accommodate a 30 foot sailboat.  As Teresa gaped at the sailboat on top of the bus and old hippy came out and looked up with her.
“Is this your rig?”
“It is,” he said proudly.
“It’s quite impressive.  I’ve never seen anything like it.”
“Well,” said the old guy, his eyes still on his work, “I tried to maintain the integrity of both the boat and the bus.”
Not knowing what to say Teresa nodded thoughtfully.
When she got back to the van she saw that Hugger had put a sign on the passenger side windshield.  The sign was written with a black magic marker on white construction paper.  It said, ‘Free Hugs For Sisters.’  A few feet away, on the side door window, was another sign that read, ‘The Hugger Is In.’
Hugger came up behind Teresa and said, “What do you think?”
“An original idea.  You get any business yet?”
“Not yet but I just put up the signs.”
“Well now I know why you’re called the Hugger.”
“That’s right, I forgot I told you you’d have to be here to find out.”
“Which I’m glad I did.”
“Are you still leaving us?”
“I have to even though it looks like it would be fun to stay.”
DW walked over from behind the VW bus and said, “Did I hear you say you wanted to stay?”
“I said I thought it would be fun to stay but I can’t.  You know that DW.”
“Yeah, I know.”
“Will you ride down to the entrance with me?”
“Sure babe.”
“It was nice to meet you Hugger.”
Hugger walked over and gave her a squeeze.  “It was nice to meet you to Teresa.”
Teresa slid into the driver’s seat and DW took the passenger side and they headed toward the entrance.   They were silent for a minute until Teresa said, “I’ll see you in a week.  Behave yourself until then.”
“I’ll do my best.”
“Don’t get in trouble with the law and don’t come back with flees, lice, scabies or STD’s.”
“I’ll avoid them.”
“Good,” said Teresa as she rolled to a stop.  “Here we are.”
The kissed, a fairly long one, and DW said, “See you babe. I’ll miss you.”
“I’ll miss you too DW.  I can’t believe I’ve gotten used to calling you DW.”
“When you pick me up next week you won’t have to.”
“True.”
Another kiss, shorter this time, and DW popped out of the passenger door and watched Teresa drive toward Alturas.  DW turned and headed back the way he’d come.  A few hundred yards up, not far from where most of the Gatherings cars were parked, he saw a Prius with a flat left front tire.  A man and woman were standing near the car looking at the tire and conversing.
“Well at least it didn’t go flat until we reached our destination,” said Gloria.  “It could have blown out on the highway at 65mph.”
“That’s true,” said Rick, trying to see the silver lining.
When DW reached them he said, “Want me to help you push it to a level spot?  If we get it up to the parking area and change the tire there you’ll be good for as long you want to be here.”
“Sure,” said Rick, “that sounds good.  Thanks.”
Gloria climbed behind the wheel and the two men started pushing.  There was still some air in the front tire so the car rolled smoothly to a level spot.  Rick and Gloria pulled out their gear from the back and Rick retrieved the donut spare and the jack.  Then he jacked the car up a bit but not high enough that the flat tire left the ground.  He used the lug wrench to loosen the nuts, and jacked the car until the flat spun free, and he was able to remove the nuts and pull off the wheel.
DW was ready with the donut and slid it in place as soon as the flat was off.  Rick screwed on the lugs and reversed the process until the spare was on the car and the car was jacked down to the ground.
Rick stuck out his hand and said, “Thanks for the help.  My name’s Rick.”
DW shook his hand and said, “I’m DW, nice to meet you.”
“I’m Gloria.”
“Nice to meet you Gloria.”
After a minute DW said, “Do you know where you want to camp?”
“We haven’t the faintest idea,” said Rick.
“Well everything is in this direction.  I’m going that way so if you want I’ll help you carry your gear and maybe you’ll see a camping spot you like.”
“Great, thanks.”
While Rick moved the car to a parked spot he liked better Gloria and DW stood by the gear and talked.
“Is this your first time at the Gathering?”
“It’s Rick’s first time and my first time as an adult.  My parents brought me to a few Gatherings when I was a kid.”
“What made you decide to come to this one after all those years?”
“We needed to get out of San Diego to avoid someone who’s trying to kill us.”
“Oh.”
Gloria put her fist on her forehead and breathed deeply. “I can’t believe I just told you that.”
“Don’t worry, it won’t go any further.”
“Just so you know what it’s about, to keep you from thinking we brought it on ourselves and deserve it, the whole thing started when this guy cheated me out of $500 in a poker game and Rick out smarted him and got it back.”
“The guy wants to kill you over that? Five hundred bucks?”
Gloria thought about cutting Frank at ‘Joe’s Italian Cuisine’ and pulverizing the Cool Cad, and then said, “Yeah, more or less.  A couple of days ago he shot at us with a 9mm pistol from a taxi cab in downtown San Diego in broad daylight.  He hit Rick in the side but fortunately did cause any real damage.”
“He sounds like a maniac.”
“Yeah, he is.”
Rick returned from parking the car and they pulled on the backpacks and picked up the tent and began walking.  Gloria was glad DW didn’t mention their conversation to Rick.  Maybe he’d do what he said and would keep his mouth shut.
“A friend and I are staying in Bus Village which isn’t too far from here.”
“Do you have a bus?  We saw a wild one on the way here,” said Gloria.
“No, my friend has a VW bus, which seems to qualify.  No one has asked us to leave for lack of proper transportation.”
They walked a little further and DW said, “What kind of camping spot are you looking for?  Do you want to camp with people or go more for a private spot?”
“Private,” Gloria and Rick said in unison.
“Look over there by that pine tree.  There’s a slight rise but it looks like its flat by the tree.  You want to take a look at it?”
“Sure.”
When they reached the pine tree they found that the ground in front of it was flat and decided it would be a good place to pitch their tent.
“Make sure the tent is far enough away from the tree so a pine cone doesn’t fall on you.  I learned that the hard way at a previous Gathering.”
“What do you think Gloria?” said Rick.
“It looks good.  Let’s stay here.”
“Okay,” said Rick.  He turned to DW.  “Thanks for your help, we really appreciate it.  And we won’t pitch our tent too close to the tree.”
“Good.  Come up to Bus Village for a visit if you get a chance.  Otherwise maybe I’ll see you at the drum circle or the trading circle or the Granola Funk Theater.”
“What are...”
“I’ll explain later,” said Gloria.  “DW I have a question before you go.  What does DW stand for?”
DW was silent for a minute thinking about what to tell them.  Finally he said, “You understand it’s a Rainbow name, I don’t use it any place else.  It stands for Deep Water as in deep water bubblephonics which is a highly efficient method of growing marijuana, something I’m pretty involved in.”
“Oh,” said Rick.
“Oh,” said Gloria.  “What do you say to people when you don’t want to bring up the growing marijuana thing?”
“My latest one is that when I was two years old a serial killer threw me off a cliff into the Pacific.  A couple of dolphins rescued me and took me out to the deep water.  I stayed with them for about a week and then they set me on the beach near the boardwalk in Santa Cruz, where the police found me and returned me to my parents.”
“And people believe that?”
“I doubt it.  The probably figure I’m just another Rainbow crazy.  But they don’t ask again.”
“Okay, you know where we are so drop by any time.”
“Thanks. I’ll see you later,” said DW as he walked down the incline and headed back to bus village.
“Seems like a nice guy,” said Gloria.
“Yeah, he does.”
“Do you think he’s really a marijuana grower?”
“I have no reason to doubt him.”

On their second day of the Rainbow Gathering Rick woke up and said, “I think Salucci is determined to kill us   He’s going to try again.”
Gloria looked up from a novel she was reading and said, “That’s what he’s been saying all along, right?  You make it sound like you just found out.”
“Because I never really believed that he was going to do it.  I guess I thought he was just blowing off steam.”
“You think he was just blowing off steam when he shot at us from a cab on a crowded street? What about when I talked to that retired cop Bob?  He told me Salucci was a contract killer didn’t he?”
“Despite the fact that he shot at us and that he’s a sometime assassin   I just found it hard to believe that he was going keep at it until he killed us.  Killing people is a crime that can put you in jail for life. Why risk that?”
“I can think of a few reasons.  One might be that you conned him out of $600 by threatening to tow his Cady away.”
“I didn’t con him – I would have towed him away.”
“Another might be that you destroyed his Cadillac.”
Rick thought for a minute. “That probably did piss him off.”
“Hey, it’s not just what you did.  I might have gone too far by threatening to cut his femoral artery so he’d bleed to death in five minutes.”
“I’m glad you said that.”
“You think I did?”
“Yeah...maybe a little.  And you did actually cut him, although not to the femoral artery.”
“I suppose I could have contained myself.”
“In any case I think he’ll continue to try and kill us until he succeeds or someone stops him.”
“You mean kills him.”
“Not necessarily.  Maybe we could wound him bad enough that he stops.”
“He could eventually recover and come after us again.  Or pay someone else to do it.”
“Well, killing him does have some advantages.”
“So what’s the plan?”
“Keep away from him I guess, like we’re doing now.  I’m going to keep practicing drawing from my ankle holster.”
“Good.  I’m sorry I was teasing you about it before.”
“No worries.  Listen, if Salucci comes while we are together lets split up.  If he comes at me I’ll deal with it and if he goes after you I’ll let you deal with it.”
“What!  Sounds like a bad plan to me.”
“Sorry, I couldn’t resist.  If he goes after you I’ll come at him from behind.”
“That sounds better.  I hope he goes after you though.”
“I do too.  It would be simpler that way.”


* * *



Chapter 18


It was 7 in the morning when Earl’s cell phone rang.  He looked at the number, trying to identify who was calling but didn’t recognize it.
“Hello, this is Earl at 7 am,” he said, trying to convey that 7 am was too early to call.
“This is the guy who hired you to take care of somebody a little while back.”
Earl recognized the voice of Frank Salucci, the Cool Cad man.  “Yeah, I remember.”
“I have another job for you.”
“Explain it to me.”
“It involves the same people.   They’ve been out of town for a few days and I want to find out where they are.  The guy’s house is in La Jolla, maybe you can find out there.”
“Alright, it will cost you $900 in advance.”
“What if you don’t find anything?”
“No refunds.  It’s B&E whether I find anything or not.  If I get caught it’s a felony rap.  But don’t worry, if the information is there I’ll find it.”
Earl and Frank arranged a time and place to meet.
“Are you going to be driving the Cool Cad?”
Frank was silent for a moment before he said no.

The first thing Earl did when he got to the house was walk up to the door and ring the bell a number of times.  When no one answered he assumed the house was empty but he knew he couldn’t be sure until he got in and looked around.  He’d heard of burglars breaking in to find someone who was deaf, or drunk, or in a deep sleep or simply disinclined to answer the door.  Still Earl was good with ringing the bell and waiting; he figured it was a 99%er.
He stepped off the porch and walked around the house looking for an open window.  He carried a set of picks but always looked for another way first. If a neighbor spots a stranger at the front door sticking small tools into the lock, he’s going to call 911.
Earl found an unlocked window if the back of the house.  He quickly slid it open and removed the screen which he slid down the inside wall to the floor.  Then he hoisted himself up on the window sill and maneuvered his body into the house.
He landed in a bedroom.  He took a quick look around and then went through the rest of the house to make sure he was alone.  Then he went back to the living room and over to the telephone, a cordless Panasonic on an end table next to a couch.  He pushed a button and heard a meaningless message.  The next message was money.
“Hi Rick, it’s Gloria.  The plan is we’re escaping to the Rainbow Gathering right?  Call me or come over and we’ll work out the details.  Talk to you later.”
Mission accomplished, Earl thought.  Before leaving Earl went through a large desk that was up against the wall.  He didn’t find what he was looking for so he checked the end tables near the couch.  In the one the phone was resting on he found a number of cell phone bills for Rick Mills.  Earl wrote down the number and put it his jacket pocket.
Earl went back to bedroom and closed the window and then replaced the screen.  Back in living room he checked the front window to see that no one was around to watch him exit.  Then he walked out the front door, locking it behind him.  A moment later he was on his motorcycle, headed to his apartment.
He got on line and looked up ‘Rainbow Gathering.’  There was a lot of information and Earl took notes as he sifted through it.  Then he called Frank Salucci.
“Hello.”
“There was a message from the girl on his voice mail.  She said,  sounds like we’re escaping to the Rainbow Gathering right?  Call or come over and will make a plan’.”
“What’s the Rainbow Gathering?”
“It’s a get together of hippies, I guess, that happens every year.  It lasts for a week or two and ends July 4th.  Every year they have it in one of the 48 continental states.  This year it’s in California.”
“Where?”
“Up on highway 395 near Alturas, not far from the Oregon border.  The websites didn’t say exactly where it is, but they say you’d find it once you got up there.”
“Anything else for my $900?”
“You wanted to know where they were and now you know.  If you wanted more than that you should have said so and I would have charged accordingly.”  Earl hung up the phone.
Frank cradled his phone and thought about what Earl had said.  “He’s right,” Frank said to the four walls.  “If I can get up to this whatever-the-hell-kind-of- event they’re having and can off the tow truck driver and the girlie-girl that will make the $900 money well spent.”
He’d call Bobby to see if he wanted to make the trip.

As soon as Earl got off the phone with Frank he dialed Rick’s number.  It didn’t ring, just went immediately to a message.  Earl hung up and tried again a half hour later with the same results.  Out of range, Earl thought.  Folks at the Rainbow Gathering didn’t mind being cut off from their phones apparently.
Earl thought about Rick Mills and how he and his buddies had him that night outside the bar.  They could have beat him bad, or turned him over to the cops, or both.  But Mills let him go.  Hardly seemed to think about it, just cut him loose.  Now his call to Frank put Mills and his girl in harm’s way.   Earl needed the money, but he couldn’t leave it like this.  He had to warn them, and as much as he wished there was another way, he knew there wasn’t.  He’d have to drive up and tell them in person.  Admit he’d tracked them down for Frank and that Frank would probably soon be on his way to get them.  That way Earl would have his $900 and Rick and Gloria would be forewarned.  A win, win… sort of.  Earl hoped they’d see it that way.
Earl went to a closet and pulled out a Wal Mart map book of North America.  The book needed eight pages to cover California, and after Earl established his route he pulled out two of the eight pages, folded them, and put them in his jacket along with a toothbrush and a small Mag flashlight.  Then he strapped a sleeping bag on the back seat, pulled on his helmet, and roared off toward highway 15 on his aging BMW.
He stopped for gas and a hamburger in Temecula and caught the 395 near Hesperia.  Not long after he drove by the east end of Edwards Air Force Base.  By the time he reached Independence Earl ached and was tired.  He pulled out his map and saw there was a road into a camping area.  It couldn’t be too far ahead.
Earl wasn’t interested in checking in to a campsite, he was only going to be there a few hours.  So when he found the turn-off he rode his bike a hundred yards in then took a narrow trail to the left which he followed for 25 or 30 yards.  He stopped there and parked the bike then unhooked his sleeping bag and found a level spot.  After shinning his flashlight around to make sure he wasn’t sharing the area with anyone or anything else, he rolled out his sleeping bag, climbed in, and fell asleep.

It was just starting to get light when Earl woke up. He felt surprisingly well rested and was back on the road in fifteen minutes.  He stopped for a quick breakfast in Bishop and while he was eating he checked the mileage chart on the map.  Alturas was 385 miles away.  He figured he could make it by the middle of the afternoon if he pushed it.  He might make it there and back to San Diego before Salucci started the trip.  He hoped so.

Earl pulled into the first gas station he saw in Alturas.  While he was gassing up two women in an old VW bug pulled up next to him.  The one in the passenger seat got the gas pumping and the driver got out and leaned against the car.  She looked to be in her mid-twenties, medium height with dreadlocked chestnut brown hair.  She was wearing a purple vest, unbuttoned enough to make Earl, after an initial eyeful, force himself not to gawk.   Her skirt, which hung on her hips and fell to her knees, was tie-dyed with lots of red, yellow and blue.  She wore black lace-up boots that went up to just below her knee.  The whole effect, Earl thought, was hot and lovely.
“Are you headed for the Rainbow Gathering?”
She smiled.  “Where else would we be headed, you know, from here?”
“Right.  Let me rephrase the question.  Can you tell me how to get there?”
“Sure, you got a map?”
Earl pulled out his map and unfolded it on the seat of his motorcycle.  The girl walked over and put her finger on Alturas.  “Leave Alturas on the 299 and start looking at roads to your right.  See these grey lines going up toward the Modoc National Forest, there’s probably a lot more of them than are on this map.  Try and see where the Rainbow types are going.  Sometimes they have guides that will direct you.  Don’t ask directions from the locals, they might send you to Sacramento or over a cliff.”
“Hey thanks, that was helpful.  Maybe I’ll see you up there.”
“Maybe.  What’s you name?”
“Earl.  What’s yours?”
“Mystery.”
Mystery, thought Earl.  What kind of a name was that?  He decided not to ask, to be a little mysterious himself.  Get her wondering why he was the one in a hundred who didn’t ask about her unusual name.
“Thanks for your help, Mystery.”  Earl gave her a soft smile, delivered mostly with his eyes, then started up the BMW and roared out of the station.
When Mystery got back in the VW her friend, Meg, said, “Who was the cute motorcycle dude?”
“Just a guy who’ll be in love with me before we leave the Gathering.”
“Is that right?” said Meg, and then a moment later she added dramatically, “I have a dream!”

Earl followed Mystery’s directions out of town and came up on a small bus a few miles up the 299.  He was about to pass it when it turned right on a dirt road.  Earl got a good look at it when it turned and saw that the bus, like Mystery’s skirt, was a multicolored affair.  He could see a half a dozen serious hippies through the windows so he dropped down onto the dirt road and followed them, staying back 60 to 80 yards to avoid their dust.
After driving on the dirt road for what seemed like a long time Earl began to wonder if the bus was lost, so it was an unexpected and pleasant surprise when a minute later the driver turned into the entrance of the Rainbow Gathering.  The bus stopped and the driver leaned out the window and began talking to a large bearded guy who seemed to be manning the entrance. Earl decided to save time and went around the bus on the right.
Earl parked and used his hands to beat some of the dust from his clothes.    He unhooked his sleeping bag and remembered he had a mesh bag in the storage compartment of the motorcycle.  He retrieved it and got it around the sleeping bag, making it an easy carry.  He saw some of the bus hippies headed up a trail.  He started after them and tried to get in search and rescue mode.  Actually, Earl thought, it was more of a search and inform mission; they were going to have to rescue themselves.
Earl saw a guy walking toward him who looked like he knew his way around.  He gave a tentative wave and the guy stopped and stepped off the trail.  When Earl approached him he was hit by the unmistakable smell of marijuana.  There was nothing to do but ask the questions he needed answers to.  If the guy turned out to be an incoherent pot head he’d move on and try someone else.
He explained he was looking for a friend but had no idea where he was.  The guy, who seemed surprisingly clear headed, said there were 18 to 20,000 people at the Gathering but finding somebody wasn’t as hard as it sounds because sooner or later everyone hangs at the kitchens, the main meadow, the trading circle, the Granola Funk Theater or the drum circle.  The guy explained where all those places were and Earl thanked him.
“My name is Hugger” the guy said as they were about to go their separate ways.
Earl stuck out his hand and said, “I’m Earl.”
They shook hands and Hugger said, “Don’t worry, you’ll find the guy you’re looking for.  When you do let me know and we can smoke a celebratory joint together.”
Earl didn’t think that would happen but he said, “Sounds like a plan.”
As he continued walking the trail he was encouraged by Hugger’s belief that he’d hook up with Mills and his girl, which Earl hadn’t mentioned since he didn’t know her or what she looked like.  Hugger seemed like a nice guy even if he was a pot head with a weird name.  It was a day for weird names, he thought, thinking of Mystery.
A little further up the trail a woman said, “Welcome home,” as she passed him.
Earl, wanting to be polite, called back, “Thanks,” but he had no idea what the woman meant.  He was a long way from home and figured everybody else was too, and when they all left the only home boys would be the squirrels and raccoons.
He kept following the trail, scanning everyone hoping to find Rick.  He noticed a lot of people taking a trail to the right so he followed along, looking ahead to see where they were going.  There was an entrance/exit of sorts up ahead, two trees about 4 feet apart.  Earl followed along through the two trees and found himself in the trading circle.  The traders sat on the ground in front of their goods, one next to the other, in a large circle that began and ended at the two trees.  Those interested could walk around the circle and trade if they saw anything they liked, and then leave without having to retrace their steps. Money wasn’t a medium used – it was trading only in the circle.
Earl started moving along, giving a quick look at what was available: homemade jewelry, camping equipment, knives and hatchets, novels, and didgeridoos, a horn made from PVC that the trader demonstrated,  producing a deep harmonious sound.   Then Earl caught himself; he wasn’t on a shopping excursion, he was here to find a couple whose lives were in danger because he’d found out where they’d be and sold that information to a thug who was determined to kill them.
Earl’s stomach hurt at the thought.  Suddenly he was extremely tired, more tired than he could ever remember being.  He knew he had to keep looking.  He had to find them and then he could rest.
As he straightened up he saw a woman standing in front of a display of small unfinished wood carvings.  The trader stood up like a shop keeper might if a dignitary or celebrity entered his place of business.  He held out a wood carving in each hand and she looked at them while he looked at her.  It was almost impossible not to.
Earl moved subtlety forward for a better view.  The girl was about 20 with natural red hair worn up.  She wore a sarong that started under her belly button and fell to her knees.  It was gathered at her right hip and tied so it left her leg uncovered.  Her feet were in cork shoes held on with green ribbons that tied around her ankles.
She didn’t wear a top of any kind and her breasts, which were large but not overly so, looked natural to Earl; natural and truly magnificent.  He moved a little closer and feigned an interest in a tattered sock hat on the ground before him.   The girl turned toward him and caught his eye.  She smiled and he smiled back, using every ounce of will power he possessed to keep his eyes from falling to her beautiful breasts.
He knew she understood his dilemma but was surprised when she solved it for him by looking up in a tree behind him at a woodpecker, or an owl, or some other bird that wasn’t there. Earl didn’t want to gape and drool so he took a medium length look that he hoped would stay in his mind’s eye for a long time.  And then, just as the beautiful girl dropped her head, a line came to him.  He didn’t know if it was from a song, a poem, a movie, or something he’d heard someone say, but as they walked towards one another he motioned to her and put his hand on the side of his month.  She leaned her ear toward him and he whispered into it.
She looked at him smiled.  “I’m glad you think so,” she said, and continued walking toward the two trees that were 4 feet apart.

Rick Mills and Gloria Hesselgrave, like most of the people close enough to see, had been watching the beautiful and entertaining redhead.  As she walked toward the exit, Gloria said, “Did you notice how calm she stayed?  That can’t be easy when you’re in a crowd with next to nothing on and a rack like hers.”
“It looked to me like she was enjoying herself.”
“Yeah, she obviously didn’t mind the attention.”
“Maybe she was practicing for a centerfold shoot.”
“Could be. She certainly had the qualifications.”

Earl couldn’t believe it.  He’d been at the Gathering less than an hour and had found who he was looking for at the first of the places Hugger told him to look.
“Rick Mills?” he said.
“Ah, yeah?”
“Do you recognize me?”
Rick squinted for a minute and said, “You’re the guy who just whispered something to the topless redhead.  How do you know my name?”
“I got it when Frank Salucci hired me and another guy to work you over in the Gas Lamp.”
“Ah, yeah, now I remember.  You’re name is Ernie, right?”
“Earl.”
“So what brings you here Earl?” said Gloria.  “It doesn’t appear that anyone’s with you so it’s probably not to beat us up.”
“Yesterday Salucci hired me to find out where you were.”
“And it looks like you have.”
“Yeah, Salucci told me that you,” he pointed his chin at Rick,”hadn’t been in your house for a couple of days.  So I went over and climbed in through a back window.  I played the phone messages and there was one from you,” he indicated Gloria, “that talked about the both of you going to the Rainbow Gathering.”
“I used your computer to Google the Rainbow Gathering and found out what it was and that it was in Northern California this year.  On July 4th people gather together in a big circle, or concentric circles, depending on the number of people involved, and chant ‘Ommm’ for a couple of hours while meditating for peace.  After that most people go home but a few stay to clean up the site and get it back to where it’s supposed to be, ecologically speaking.
“I called Salucci and told him that, plus filled him in on the types of people he’d probably run into.  Then I called you, Rick, but I couldn’t get through so I motorcycled up here to warn you.”
It was silent for a minute so Earl decided to explain what he could during the lull.   “The reason I took the job was for the money, which I needed.”
“How much did he pay you?” asked Gloria.
“$900.  I don’t feel good about it but I did it.  I figured if I didn’t take the job Salucci would get someone else to do it and they, most likely, wouldn’t have warned you.  It sounds like Salucci is going to keep coming until he gets you, or until you get him.  Since you know he’s coming you can wait and meet him, or you can take off and live to fight another day.
“My guess is Salucci is probably driving now, will stop for the night and be here tomorrow.  Maybe the next day.”
“Well,” said Rick, “I guess it was a good thing I didn’t press charges that night in the Gas Lamp.  If I had you’d be in jail and wouldn’t have been able to drive here and warn us.”
“I’m extremely thankful you cut me loose.  Like I told you at the time, I don’t think most people would have.”
“Thanks for driving up here and warning us about dear Frank.  When are you headed back?”
“I haven’t decided.  I’ve got my sleeping bag, so I might stay, or I might try to drive some tonight and get a motel.”
Rick put two $100 bills in Earl’s hand.  “Here’s some gas and motel money.  I still might call you one of these days, if some work comes up.  Real work, not the Salucci  kind.”
“I’d appreciate it. And thanks,” he said, holding up the bills.
He shook hands with Rick and then with Gloria.  While Gloria had his hand she asked him, “What did you whisper to the girl?”
Earl looked away and then looked back, his face slightly red. “I told her, tits like yours can make hearts thunder.”
Rick and Gloria nodded as if to say ‘hard to argue with that.’

After Earl left Gloria said, “What are we going to do if Salucci shows up?”
Rick used his left hand to pull up the left leg of his jeans, exposing the lower half of the holster that held his Beretta… “He shot me once and tried to shoot you.  If he comes for us again my plan is to put as many bullets in him as I can.”
“We could take off, now that we know he’s probably coming.”
“We could, but if he finds us here, or he finds us somewhere else later on, how do you think this is going to end?”
Gloria thought for while and then said, “Either he’ll kill us or we’ll kill him.  I hate to say it but I don’t see any other way, unless we hire someone to kill him for us.
“I don’t think we can do that.  If Salucci comes for us and we kill him we can plead self defense.  If we hire somebody to kill him it will be murder one. We have to take care of it ourselves and this place is as good as any, as long as no one else gets hit.”
“Yeah,” said Gloria.  “There are a lot of people here.”

When Earl left the trading circle he felt like a weight had been taken off his shoulders.  There probably would be a showdown between Frank and Rick and if there was he hoped Rick would get the best of it.  But he didn’t want to think about it now.  He was tired and dirty and soon he’d be hungry.  Riding back to San Diego held no appeal but neither did spending another night sleeping in his clothes.  He decided not to think about that either, at least not for awhile.  He’d just walk along the trail and zone out a little.  Maybe that would help clear his mind and he’d be able to come up with a plan later on.
The sun was on its way down but there was still plenty of light for now.  There were a lot of people coming and going on the trail which was now going through a meadow.  Off to the right, a hundred yards up ahead, a number of people were gathered.  Earl couldn’t tell what they were doing but figured he’d find out when he got there.  A few minutes later he stepped off the trail and walked to the edge of the group.
“Hey Earl.”
Earl, surprised to hear someone call his name, turned toward the sound.  “Mystery?”
Mystery was smiling, glad to see him.  Meg recognized Earl from the gas station.  She walked up and stood next to Mystery.  She looked at Earl and he looked at her.  She was blonde with curls that fell half way down her neck.  She was a little shorter and a little heavier than Mystery, and reminded Earl of an outspoken actor he’d once worked with.  She tapped Mystery on her forearm and said, “It’s destiny.”
“Sorry?” said Earl.
“Nothing,” said Mystery.  “This is Meg, I don’t think you met when we were at the gas station.”
“Hi Meg.”
“Earl,” said Meg with a smile and a nod.  “Did you come here to eat?”
“Is that why all these people are here?”
“Yes,” said Mystery, “it’s one of the Rainbow kitchens.  I heard it was pretty good if you like rice and vegetable curry.”
“I notice everyone has a cup or a bowl.  You need one to get served, huh?”
“Don’t worry,” said Mystery, holding up a large tin cup that looked like it would hold at least a quart, “we can share.”


* * *



Chapter 19


One of the workers announced that the food was ready and the crowd fell into line and started to move as the servers did their work.  When Mystery got to the servers she motioned to Earl and explained they were both going to be eating from the large tin cup.  Without breaking stride one server scooped two helpings of rice into the cup and the other covered it with two ladles of vegetable curry.
Meg had gone through the line before them and was standing with some people who were talking and laughing and seemed to be enjoying themselves.
“Let’s find a place to sit,” said Mystery, as she walked toward some rocks about 50 yards out.  They found a spot where they could sit comfortably and lean back against the rocks.  Mystery came up with a spoon and put it in the tin cup.  “Here, you eat some and then pass it me.”
“You go first Mystery.”
“Okay.”  She took a few bites and said, “It’s pretty good, especially when you consider it’s been prepared in the wilderness.  Here, take some.”
“You’ve been to a few of these Gatherings before, right?”
“Yeah.”
“Why do people call out ‘welcome home’?”
“It’s just a way of saying the Rainbow Gathering is a down home, warm and fuzzy place to be.”
“Your turn,” said Earl, as he handed her the cup. “How long will you be here?”
“We’ll probably leave somewhere between the 5th and the 7th.”
“Isn’t it over July 4?”
“Sort of but people stay later; the clean-up crew stays on for a month getting the environment back to ecological harmony.  Here, you can have the rest.”
“Thanks,” said Earl as he took the tin cup.
“Where are you going to sleep tonight?”
“I don’t know.  I guess I’ll throw my sleeping bag down in the first place that looks good.  That’s what I did last night, on the way here.”
“I’ve got a good sized tent if you want to sleep there.”
Earl liked the way she asked him, simple, casual, making it easy for him no matter what his answer.  She must want him to say yes – why else would she ask?
“Sure,” said Earl, trying not to seem overly anxious, “that would be great.”
“Meg has her own tent,” Mystery said with a straight face.
“That’s nice,” Earl said.  “One thing I should tell you, although you might have already guessed. I’ve been sleeping in my clothes and I haven’t had a shower for a couple of days.  I probably smell like road kill that the buzzards passed by.”
“Don’t worry, I’ll see that you get clean.  Do you want to go to the Granola Funk Theater first?”
“Maybe.  What it it?”
“It’s a simple stage out in the woods where people perform songs, dances, sometimes theater, skits, that type of thing.  Usually there’s a stage manager who makes a schedule of who performs when.  It’s pretty fun and definitely different.”
“Okay, let’s do it.”
Mystery led the way down a trail that branched off into another trail.  After a few hundred yards Earl was about to ask if they were going the right way.  Just then he heard some music and Mystery said, “It’s just up there.”
A little ways up and the trail branched off again.  The right fork led them through a grove of trees and up to the Granola Funk Theater.  A group of musicians was on stage, a guitar player/singer was singing a song that praised the Rainbow Gathering and the Rainbow way of life.  He’d strum a few cords and sing a verse and then the other musicians would play and sing behind him.
They were followed by a small band with a number of instruments: ukulele, mandolin, guitar and didgeridoo plus a girl who chanted and sounded like a cacophony of wind and string instruments.  When they were finished they came off the stage and hugged everyone in the crowd.
There was energetic dancing by two couples who switched partners back and forth and sang as they danced.  They reminded Earl of John Travolta and Olivia Newton John in ‘Grease’ or the classic dance movie, ‘Saturday Night Fever.’
There was a skit, which was interesting, and a few more singers, some with instrumental back up. Then a fiftyish hippie, with a battered Yamaha guitar and wooden folding chair, took the stage.  He unfolded the chair and sat in front of the crowd.  Then he began strumming the guitar.
“I’d like to tell you a little bit about myself.”  Strum.
“What for?” said a guy next to Earl.
“I was born not too far from here in Eugene, Oregon.” Strum.
“I attended parochial school from grades one through eight.”  Strum
“Then I went to public high school.”  Strum.
“Do you want to go?” said Mystery.
“Yes.”
Mystery and Earl began walking toward the trail as the old hippie continued.
“Then I attended the University of Oregon where I ran track.” Strum
“I got married to a cheer leader in my junior year.  She was a beautiful girl.”  Strum.
“But the responsibilities of a wife, my studies, and track and field began to take its toll.  And I began to fall.”  Strum.
Mystery and Earl were well up the trail but they could still hear the old hippy telling his sad tale.  But then, to the crowd’s delight, things began to look brighter.
“And then a friend, a true brother, gave me …” the old guy let the crowd hang for a long moment and then pulled out…”a joint!”
The crowd cheered and applauded as the hippy stuck the joint in his mouth, strummed his guitar, and lit the joint.  He took a hit and passed the joint to a girl in the crowd who was thinking he didn’t look all that old.
“So I became a doper and acquired a clear and positive view of things.  I didn’t take things so hard which turned out to be a good thing because I flunked a string of classes when I quit attending and skipped the finals.”  Strum.
“ I got kicked off the track team as the coach was big on players showing up for practice and my wife ran off with my friend, the true brother, and I never saw either of them again.” Strum.  Strum.
Earl and Mystery were almost out of earshot now.  They could tell the old hippy was still talking but they couldn’t understand the words.  Then the crowd clapped and cheered.
“I’ll bet he’s passing out joints to the multitude,” said Mystery.
“It’s possible,” said Earl.  “It’s got to be something more than an oralautobiography with a strum every so often.”
Mystery walked along and Earl followed after her.  He took his mag light from his belt, turned it on and shined it in front of Mystery’s feet.  After a minute or two he handed her the light.  “You’re in front, its better if you take it.”
When they turned off on a narrow trail that led to Mystery’s tent she reached back and took Earl’s hand and led him the last 100 yards.  She stopped and unzipped the flap to her Texsport Lodge Square Dome Tent.  She pointed to a tent five yards away. It wasn’t as large as Mystery’s but it looked like it could sleep two or three people comfortably.  “That one is Megs.”
“Nice.  You ladies have got the gear.”
“We could have shared one tent,” said Mystery, as if she’d read Earl’s mind, “but then it could have been awkward if I brought you here for a bath.”
“True.  I forgot about the bath actually.”
“Really?  I’m surprised.  Don’t you remember saying you felt like road kill that the buzzards would pass by?”
“Yes, I remember.”
“If it’s any consolation I think if you were dead on the road the buzzards would eat you.”
Earl laughed, “That is a major consolation. Thank you.”
Mystery smiled and leaned down into the tent.  “Follow me,” she said.
Earl ducked down, stepped into the tent and followed her to the middle where he could stand straight up and have a foot over his head before the ceiling.
“This is quite the tent,” he said.  “I didn’t even know they had tents you could stand up in, outside the Army or the circus.”
“It’s nice huh?  That’s why I got it, so I could stand up.  I don’t like crawling around if I don’t have to.  So are you ready for your bath?”
“Sure, I guess.  I don’t see a bathtub.”
“It’s not that kind of a bath.”
Mystery went to the corner of the tent and came back with two metal bowls that stacked together, a wash cloth, a small bottle, and a thick black rubber container that was double the size of a hotel water bottle.  “Take off your clothes Earl and I’ll show you how this works.”
While Earl undressed Mystery picked up the black rubber bottle and poured a few inches of water into one of the metal bowls.  “This rubber bottle has been out in the sun for a number of hours so the water inside was warm.”
She picked up the small bottle and poured a little liquid into the bowl.  Then she swished her hand in the water.  She held up the bottle and told Earl, “This is non-rinse soap, it’s what they use in hospitals to give bed baths.”
Then she put the wash cloth into the non-rinse soap and water, picked up the two stacked bowls and walked until she was standing in front of Earl who was naked except for a pair of blue underwear.
“Sorry Earl,” said Mystery as she handed him the bowls, “today’s not laundry day.”  Her hands now free she hooked her thumbs on either side of his Jockeys and pulled them to his ankles in one smooth motion.  She helped him step free and then tossed his shorts over with the rest of his clothes and stood up to take the bowls.
They both smiled and Earl said, “Okay.”
Mystery had Earl turn around and started cleaning his neck and then his back down to his waist.  When she squeezed the wash cloth into the empty bowl she was surprised to see that the water wasn’t that dirty.
She turned him around and washed the front of his neck, his arms and chest and stomach.  She worked slowly, making sure she covered every inch.  When she knelt down his penis stirred slightly but she skipped over it and washed his legs and the top of his feet.  Then she rinsed out the wash cloth with her left hand, took his penis with her right, and began to wash it.  It more than stirred this time.
Mystery looked up and said, “What was it that Mae West used to say?  Is that a pistol in your pocket or are you just glad to see me.”
“I don’t have a pocket at the moment so it must be I’m glad to see you.”
“Good,” she laughed as she picked up the rubber bottle, poured water over the wash cloth and squeezed the excess into the metal bowl.
She’s rinsing off the non-rinse soap which seems like it shouldn’t be necessary Earl thought, unless…and then he was in her mouth and she was moving  up and down on his penis, sucking him like a pop cycle she was afraid might melt.  When she had him take off his clothes and began giving him a bath Earl figured they’d end up in bed together, but this was a surprise, one he was extremely happy to be experiencing.
Earl looked down at Mystery and thought this is a woman who knows how to focus.  When he climaxed he bent at the waist and fought to suppress a scream.  Then he dropped to his knees and wrapped his arms around Mystery.
“I know I’m not telling you something you don’t already know,” he said in her, “but that was wonderful.”
“I’m glad you liked it.”
“Would you like me to give you a bath?”
“No, thanks, I gave myself one this morning.”
Later, as they lay naked on the sleeping bags, they kissed and hugged and then Earl reciprocated. About half way through Mystery said in a whispered moan, “it feels so good,” and began making pleasant sounds which increased in intensity until she reached her climax.
Mystery lay with the back of her hand on her forehead waiting for her heart beat to slow.  After a while she said, “That was wonderful as well.  Thank you.”
“I’m glad you liked it.”
“I did, quite a lot actually.”
“We’ll have to do it again sometime.”
“Deal.” Mystery reached past the border of the sleeping bags and brought back a shallow plastic container.  She reached in, brought out a baby wipe, and handed it to Earl.
When he finished using it Earl said, “You’re the most together camper I’ve ever seen.”
“Like the Boy Scouts say,” she looked into Earls eyes and opened hers as wide as she could, “be prepared!”
After they made a double bed by zipping their sleeping bags together, they crawled in and lay on their backs and looked up at the tent ceiling.
“Can I ask you a practical question?”
“Of course.”
“What do you do if you have to piss in the middle of the night?”
“You can go out through the trees until you get to the shitters but that’s a relatively long walk.  You can step outside and try to find place closer but not near any other tents.  Or you can use that number 10 can over there in the corner.  Be sure to put the lid back on when you’re done.”
“Thanks.  When we met at the gas station I wanted to ask about your name.”
“Why didn’t you?”
“I just wanted to be different.  I figured most people would ask you about it right away.”
“You figured right.  A lot of people ask and some people just screw up their faces and say ‘your name is Mystery?’ like they can’t, or don’t want to, believe it.”
“So Mystery’s your real name, not your Rainbow name, right?”
“It’s my real name.  I use it at the Rainbow as well where it gets questioned a lot less.”
“I can understand that, it’s a great Rainbow name and, in my opinion, a great regular name.”
“Thanks.  I got it from my brother actually.  When I was born my folks named me Misty.  My brother, who was a couple of years older, couldn’t pronounce Misty too well.  I don’t know if he could pronounce Mystery either but apparently when he referred to me it sounded more like Mystery than Misty.  Pretty soon my whole family was calling me Mystery, and then it was kids in the neighborhood, then kids at school, and it went from there.
“Two years ago Sam , my brother who was responsible for my name, died of leukemia at the age of 27.  A few days later I started working on getting my name legally changed.”
Earl was silent for a moment.  When he spoke he said, “That was quite a story, thanks for telling me. I’m sorry about your brother.”
“Thanks for listening, I don’t tell the whole story very often.”
“It must have been tough losing your brother.”
“The toughest part was when we found out that the treatment wasn’t going to work and that he was going to die.  But after he accepted it he told me he was ready to go and wasn’t worried.  During the last weeks he said he was actually looking forward to it.  Someone who worked at the hospital told him about the verse in the Bible where Paul compares his life to running a race.  Sam really liked that one.  He’d tell us he was about ready to finish the race and we shouldn’t feel bad just because we weren’t as fast as he was.  Then he laughed so hard I thought that would kill him before the leukemia did.”
“He sounds like he was a character.  A brave one.”
Mystery nodded, “He was.”
They lay together and talked into the night.  Mystery told Earl that she owned a small clothing and jewelry store in Santa Cruz and Earl told her about his quest to become an actor.  He didn’t mention any of his criminal activities.  Not much upside to that, he figured.


* * *



Chapter 20


Bobby, miraculously, found a parking place less than a block from Frank’s house.  He got out of his car, walked to the house and then up the stairs.  After a short blast on the bell he walked in and shut the door behind him.
“In here,” called Frank from the living room.  Bobby walked in and saw Frank in his easy chair, in front of the TV.  Bobby knew that Frank didn’t like to answer the door and that’s why he left it unlocked.  He also knew that Frank kept a hand gun stuck down the side of the cushion of his easy chair in case an unfriendly came through the door.
“Hey Bobby, thanks for coming.  If you want something to drink help yourself, it’s in the kitchen.”
Bobby went into the kitchen and returned with a Heineken.  He walked back into the living room and took a seat on the couch.  “So what’s happening Frank?”
Frank used the remote to turn off the television and got right to the point.  “I found out that my favorite couple is up at the Rainbow Gathering.”
“What’s a Rainbow Gathering?”
Frank explained what it was and told him the location.  “I’m going to go up there to find them and finish them off.”
Bobby knew that killing Rick Mills and Gloria Hesselgrave had become Frank’s  Holy Grail.  He’d made a plan to deal with it.  The first part of the plan was he’d talk to Frank one more time, and if he couldn’t dissuade him, which would probably be the case, he wouldn’t bring it up again.  But now was the time to give it one last shot.
“So your plan is to drive up almost to Oregon and kill the guy for smashing your Cadillac, and the girl for bluffing you off a pot, and maybe both of them for getting back the money you cheated them out of?”
“That’s enough reason to whack them, but you missed a couple of things.   The bitch cut me bad enough to send me to the hospital for stitches and she threatened to kill me, to cut me so bad I’d bleed to death in five minutes.  She had the knife on my leg when she said it. I looked in her eyes and I knew she wouldn’t hesitate to do it.  She might even enjoy it.”
“But she didn’t do it.”
“She’ll wish she had once I put a 9mm slug in her.
Bobby was quiet for a moment and then he said, “Look Frank, I can see how you feel but I think you ought to forget about it, just let it go.”
“That’s not going to happen Bobby, you know that.”
“Yeah, I guess I do.”  Bobby took a pull on his beer.  “So what can I do for you Frank?”
“You can come with me.”
“To the Rainbow Gathering?”
"That’s right.”
Bobby was quiet for a long moment.  Sadly things were going the way he knew they would and not the way he wanted.  It was time for part B of the plan.   He finished the last of his Heineken and said, “When do you want to leave?”
“Tomorrow morning at 8 am.  I figure we can get close tomorrow and make it in early the next day.  Can you drive?”
“I can drive but let’s make it 9 am.  We’ll miss traffic and get some extra sleep.  I’ll pick you up then.”
“Sounds good.”

Bobby found a gas station and filled up.  Then he called Fran who picked up on the third ring.  “Hi Fran, how are you?”
“Great now that you called.”
Bobby laughed.  “Did anyone ever tell you that you have great communication skills?”
“Not until now.”
“I know this is short notice but would you like to go out to dinner?”
“Come over and I’ll make dinner here.  Afterwards I’ll take off all my clothes and you can chase me around the house.”
“We can do that in a restaurant,” Bobby deadpanned.
“You can if you want.  I’ll wait in the car.”
“Okay, I’m convinced, your house is better. What time should I be there?”
“7.”
“I’ll bring some wine if you want.”
“I do want, thanks.  See you at 7.”

The next morning Fran reached over and shook Bobby by the arm.  When she got nothing she shook him harder.  “Wake up, it’s your 7:30 wake-up call as requested.”
Bobby rolled on his back and looked at Fran.  “I asked you to wake me up?”
“Yes, last night between dinner and sex. Maybe it knocked out your short term memory.  For me the sex was satisfying and gratifying but it didn’t affect my memory and so I woke you up.”
Bobby pulled her close and kissed her.  “Thanks.”
“You’re welcome,” she said and kissed him back, “and thanks for coming over, it was fun.”
“Yeah, it was fun for me to.  Thanks for inviting  me and you can invite me again if you like.”
They had breakfast together:  yogurt and honey, rye toast, coffee.  Then Bobby drove to his place and packed a small backpack  with jeans, some socks, T-shrits, and underwear, some toiletries and a flashlight.  He took down a grey hooded pullover sweatshirt and put it on.  The sweatshirt had connecting pockets across the stomach.
In the corner of the closet was a two drawer metal filing box.  Bobby used a key on his key ring to open the lock and then pulled out the top drawer.  He reached in and picked up a Glock 9mm and an extra clip.  Bobby knew the gun was loaded but checked to make sure and then put it and the clip into the sweatshirt pocket.  With his right hand he pulled the Glock out a few times.  Then he took off the sweatshirt, wrapped it around the gun, and put it in the bag.
After making sure the house was locked up Bobby went out to his car and put the bag in the trunk.  He got into driver’s seat, checked the glove box to make sure he had a map of California, and headed to Frank’s.  When he arrived Frank bounded down the stairs with a brief case in one hand and a cloth bag in the other.
“Pop the trunk Bobby,” said Frank as he headed to the back of the car.  He opened the trunk, put the bags in, and got in the passenger side of the car.  They drove a steady 75 to 80 mph, stopping to eat once and for gas twice.  They changed drivers every couple of hours and pulled into Reno just after dark.  A half hour later they checked into the Sands Regency Hotel.

It was a few minutes before 11 AM when Frank Salucci and Bobby Greco pulled into the parking area of the Rainbow Gathering. Frank wore a dark suit and dress shoes, a dress shirt, no tie, and the black fedora he’d bought when he fired at Rick and Gloria in the Gas Lamp.  Bobby, who’d made an effort to fit in with the Rainbow folks, was wearing faded jeans, worn Reebok walking shoes, a wide brimmed straw hat and a black T-shirt with a picture of Bob Marley. He tied his grey hooded sweatshirt around his shoulders, his Glock 9 in the sweatshirt’s pocket bounced lightly against his back.
“Let’s go,” said Frank.
Bobby looked over at Frank, in his black suit and black hat, and thought he looked as out of place as a rhinoceros at a fashion show.  Bobby had stuck with his plan and hadn’t talked about Frank’s killing agenda on the drive up, but now that they’d arrived he couldn’t help giving it one more try.   “What are we doing here Frank?”
“You know what we’re doing Bobby, we’ve been over it a thousand times.”
“Yeah, I know, you’re going to kill two people because they didn’t back down when you said boo.  Is that it?”
“I’ve been over the reasons Bobby, I’m not going to do it again.”
Bobby looked ahead and saw a couple of rough looking hippies, one carrying a shovel and the other with a large ornate capital A and the word ‘Camp’ underneath tattooed on his left bicep.  They reminded Bobby of a couple of aggressive panhandlers he’d once had the misfortune of running into on a trip to Portland.  Guys that asked if you had any money to spare and let you know that ‘no’ wasn’t an acceptable answer.
When they got close the two men split around Frank and Bobby.  As they passed the one with the shovel put a finger in front of his lips and pushed out an exaggerated shhhhhhhhh.  The other guy whispered, “show some respect man.”
Under different circumstances Frank would have yelled a string of obscenities at the freaks with the shovel and the tattoo.  If they came back with ideas of doing something about it he’d show them his gun and maybe use it to bash them up a little.  But doing the love birds was the job at hand and he had to stay focused.
Bobby noticed that the people walking by were either silent or whispering. “I guess we’re suppose to keep it quiet,” he whispered.  “Aren’t you worried about witnesses Frank, there are thousands of them here.”
“These freaks?  Who’s going to believe them?”
“We’re the freaks here, Frank, especially you,” said Bobby as he watched the people they were passing.  He did notice though that no one was paying much attention to Frank in his dark suit and black hat; just another guy in costume at the Rainbow Gathering.
Still Bobby said, “We’ve passed probably 300 people since we left the car and I’ll bet anyone of them could pick you out of a police lineup.”
“I don’t think so. Listen, when we find them I’ll take care of it.  You don’t have to do anything but back me up.”
“That and serve 20 years for being an accessory to a premeditated murder.”
Bobby heard a different sound and looked to the right where it seemed to come from.  Trolling along at 4 mph where six horses ridden by six federal police officers, four men and two women.  Both Frank and Bobby scanned the line of horses and realized they wouldn’t be able to get by them before their paths crossed.  They kept walking and looking with their heads up but they didn’t engage any of the Forest Randers by looking in their eyes.
When the horses crossed in front of them they turned and walked parallel toward the last rider and when he passed, Bobby and Frank walked on silently, taking in the scenery and watching Rainbow people move across the landscape.  Finally, without looking at him, Frank said, “What’s the matter with you Bobby?  When did you become such a wuss?”
“I don’t know Frank, maybe it was about the time reason and common sense decided your head wasn’t a good place to dwell.”
“Very funny.”
“Thank you.”
“I’m still going to kill them.”
“Yes, of course.”

Frank and Bobby kept walking until they came to a large meadow where a  profusion of people stood in a huge circle holding hands and, with their eyes closed, intoning ommmmmm.
“What are they doing?”
“I don’t know, Frank.  Ommmming for world peace would be a good guess.”
While looking at the people in the circle in their colorful Rainbow attire Bobby saw that there were a few naked people spaced here and there.  As they got closer to the circle he saw a tall leggy redhead wearing nothing but cork platform shoes tied to her feet with green straps.  She looked to be 20 or 21 and she was stunning, with not a part on her that didn’t look great naked. Frank noticed her too.
“I’m going to get a closer look at that redhead,” he said.
“My advice is don’t.”
“What a surprise.”
When Frank got close to the circle he noticed that everyone had their eyes closed.  He crawled quietly under the arms of a man and a woman holding hands a few people down from the striking redhead.  He stood up and walked slowly toward her, his eyes glued on her Hall of Fame body.  When he was in front of her he stopped for fifteen seconds and then forced himself to move down and crawl out of the circle.
He walked over to Bobby and said, “She was something.  She has tits like cantaloupes.”
Frank waited for Bobby to say something but he didn’t.  Frank said, “When I was in front of her she opened her eyes and smiled at me.  She kept smiling until I left.
Bobby knew that was a lie.  She must have kept her eyes closed the whole time and never saw or heard him, due to the chanting of everyone present.  If she had seen him ogling her from just a few feet away, Bobby was sure things wouldn’t have worked out well for Frank.
“Let’s go,” said Frank, bummed because he was getting no glory for his voyeuristic exploits.
They walked through the wild grass and Bobby thought he’d give it one more try.
“You think we’ll find them?”
“Sure, why not?”
“Well because there are probably 20,000 people here.  Two people could easily hide in a crowd like this.  Did you ever think, Frank, that if you find them and pull it off one of two things will happen:  you’ll get life in prison or spend fifteen years on death row until your last appeal runs out and they give you the needle?  San Quinton’s where they do it, as I’m sure you know.  It’s only a few hours from here, maybe we ought to drive down and have a look on the way home.”
“I don’t think that will be necessary.  I’ll never see the inside of that place but I will kill the tow truck driver and the girlie girl.  I got a feeling I’ll do it today.  When I was scoping out that leggy redhead with her cantaloupe boobs did you look for them in the circle?”
“Yeah, I looked but I didn’t see ‘em.”
He’d seen Gloria though. She was a little hard to recognize in a long red print skirt and yellow shirt tied together instead of buttoned, her hair tied up in a red bandana and black lace up boots on her feet.  Except for the boots she reminded Bobby of a Brazilian dancer, although he didn’t know why, since he’d never seen one.
“Tell me Bobby how could you look for them if you’ve never seen them before?”
They kept walking.  Bobby didn’t waste time cursing himself for walking into a simple trap.  Lying would be a weak move that wouldn’t work.  And what did it matter now?  One way or the other It was going to be over soon so why not go with the truth.
“I have seen them before.  In fact I spent a couple of days with them in Vegas.  The blond I told you about, the one who I’m hoping will be my permanent squeeze, she works with the girl, Gloria.”
“And when were you planning to tell me this?”
“I wasn’t.  I don’t want you to kill  them, I’ve said that from the beginning.”
“Yeah you have.  You said you didn’t want me to get caught, you didn’t say you didn’t want me to kill your girl friend’s friends.”
“I don’t want either of those things to happen Frank but you’re the guy that has to let it go.  I know you don’t like to talk about it but you just spent 30 months in prison.  You get caught killing people and you’ll get real familiar with prison.  You won’t get away with it, all these cops riding around.”
“Those Forest Rangers couldn’t catch a mouse with a trap.  They’re not real cops.”
“They’ve got badges, guns and uniforms.  I think that qualifies them as cops.”
“I noticed a couple of beards when we passed their posse.  Cops haven’t had beards since the days of Wyatt Earp.”
They were past the large meadow but could still hear the ommmms.  Frank, who’d been looking ahead while he walked stopped and took a small pair of Bushnell binoculars from the outside pocket of his suit.  He looked through the glasses, focusing on a man standing by a small brown tent just inside the forest. He passed the glasses to Bobby who had a look.
“That looks like your boy the tow truck driver, doesn’t it Bobby?”
“He’s not my boy but he does look like Rick Mills.”
There was no point saying otherwise, it was all coming out now.  Despite himself Bobby was impressed that Frank had thought to bring binoculars.  Still, just like the slapstick taxi drive by attempt to take out Rick and Gloria, Frank’s latest was another bound-to-fail plan.  That was Bobby’s hope anyway.
“I’m going to go up there and watch the tow truck driver take his last breath.  I’ll drag him in his tent and wait for the girlie girl.  When she shows up,” Frank pointed an index finger at Bobby, pretending to shoot him, “pop, pop.  Then I’ll drag her into the tent with her boyfriend, button it up, and walk down to the car for the long but pleasant ride home.”
“I’ve got nothing more to say Frank but if you end up spending the rest of your life in an orange jumpsuit don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“You got it Bobby,  I won’t say you didn’t warm me.  I’ll see you at the car when I’m finished, probably in a half an hour or forty five minutes.”
Frank started up the grade towards Rick’s tent.  Bobby untied the sleeves of the sweat shirt, pulled it off his shoulders and put it on.  He stuck his hand in his pocket and felt the gun.   He felt the extra clip but he didn’t think he’d need it.  Two or three shots would do the job. He started walking toward the trees while angling down, away from Frank.  He hoped to get to the trees and then run along the edge of the woods and get to the tent before Frank reached it.

Rick couldn’t decide if he should take down the tent or wait until Gloria to get back.  Everything was ship shape inside it: the sleeping bags rolled, and the cups and spoons washed clean, waiting in a plastic bucket.  The backpacks were packed with what little they’d brought.  Gloria had most of it ready before she’d gone down to the main circle for the last event of the Rainbow Gathering.  She’d be back soon and they could get into her gas saving hybrid and drive to San Diego.  Rick was entertaining the idea of getting a motel about half way down.  He knew they could make it all way but didn’t want to get to San Diego sometime past midnight.  They could talk about it on the way down.
Rick was going to dig out a novel from his backpack but decided to first look down toward the main circle to see if Gloria might be coming up.   That’s when he saw Frank Salucci, striding towards him, a man with a purpose.  Rick saw the gun Frank held at his side, and knew he’d fire as soon as he got within range.
It was happening much faster than Rick had imagined it would.  Rick started to back up and tripped on a log.  He was on his back when Frank reached him, smirking and raising his gun.  Then he heard two shots and saw dust near Frank’s feet where the bullets hit.
“Drop the gun Frank, or I’ll start putting holes in you,” said Bobby, gasping from his sprint through the woods.
Looking up from his back Rick could see that Bobby was fifteen yards to his left, just outside Frank’s line of vision.  Bobby was holding his Glock 9 on his partner.
“Drop it Frank and I’ll let you walk.  No harm, no foul.”
“You’re bluffing Bobby.  You couldn’t hit grass on a golf course.”
Frank turned his gun and started firing at Bobby, who dove to the ground and rolled behind a small mound of dirt.  Rick brought his knee up, pulled his gun from the ankle holster and fired.  The shot hit Frank above the ear and he turned toward Rick with wild surprised eyes.  Then he dropped like a bag of wet sand.
Bobby got up and took a pair of latex gloves out of his pocket and put them on as he walked toward Frank.  He checked Frank’s throat for a pulse but didn’t find one.  He also looked at the entry wound in Frank’s head.
“Nice shot.  You probably saved me.”
“What are you doing here?”
“That should be obvious shouldn’t it?  I came to try and stop Frank from killing you.”
Bobby took a small, thin three sided file out to the back pocket of his jeans and then, after removing the clip and clearing the chamber, he began filing the inside barrel of his gun.  While he worked he talked.
“I’m filing the barrel so that in the event of a ballistics test the bullets coming out of this gun won’t match those at the crime scene.”
“The crime scene?  It wasn’t a crime it was self defense.”
“That’s right and maybe you can prove it.  But it could be argued that after he shot you in the Gas Lamp District you bought an illegal, unregistered gun and carried it illegally until you got a chance to use it on Mr. Salucci, which you did, killing him with a single shot to the head.”
“You know him don’t you?”
“Since grade school.  One of the things I’ll be glad to talk about later, not now.  Now you need to make a decision.  Do you want to wait until the cops get here and help them with their investigation, an investigation that could lead to your arrest since you were carrying illegally, or should we clean up here and get back to San Diego?”
Rick looked out toward the main meadow.  He could barely hear the ommmmms.  There were a few people walking back and forth but none interested in Bobby or himself at the edge of the woods.  The gun shots seemed loud enough but no one seemed to take notice.
“If we go and the cops want to investigate later, what then?”
“I don’t know but I’ll testify about what happened here if I need to.”
“Okay, I want to go,” said Rick.
Bobby handed Rick a pair of latex gloves.  “Put these on and I’ll hand you the file.  Be sure to empty the gun first.”
Rick put on the gloves and filed the inside of the barrel.  When he finished he returned the file to Bobby, pushed the clip back into the gun, and put the gun back in the ankle holster.
“How long have you had that tent or is it Gloria’s?”
“It’s mine, I’ve had it 5 or 6 years.”
“Do you remember how you paid for it?”
“Cash.  I bought it at a garage sale.”
“Perfect.  If you don’t mind letting it go we could store Frank there.”
“Sure.”
“If you pull everything out I’ll wipe it for fingerprints.”
Rick began pulling out the back packs and sleeping bags.  It didn’t take long.  He gave him a small towel and Bobby started on the inside of the tent, wiping down the sides and the poles and finally the floor.  Then he got the outside, making sure to wipe the lines and the stakes that went into the ground, pulling them out, wiping them, and putting them back.  Probably unnecessary, Bobby thought, but worth the effort just to be safe.
“Okay,” said Bobby, “lets get him in.  How about you drag him to the tent and I’ll drag him in.  I don’t think we should carry him by the hands and feet.  If anyone is watching that will look too much like what it is.”
Once Frank was in the tent Bobby went through his pockets and removed his wallet.  He took the cash, which included a few 100 dollar bills, and put the wallet in his pocket.  When he exited the tent he handed $200 to Rick.
“The gas for the trip back is on Frank.  I took his wallet to make it look like a robbery.  Or maybe it won’t, I don’t know how cops think. When I was trying to convince Frank not to kill you I kept telling him he’d never get away with it.  He doesn’t have to worry about that now but we do.”
Bobby and Rick moved the gear sixty yards down the ridgeline and sat waiting for Gloria.
Bobby said, “That was a nice shot.  Did you practice that much, drawing and shooting laying on your back?”
“A little but mostly I practiced the cross over draw from the ankle holster. When the crunch came I fell and was lucky enough to get a shot off from my back.  If you hadn’t distracted him I’d be the corpse in the tent.”
They sat quietly for a few minutes until Rick asked, “Why did you want him dead?  He was trying to kill us so we had to defend ourselves but what about you?”
Bobby looked down at the main meadow.  Finally he said, “I didn’t really want him dead.  I just wanted him to calm down, to get off the runaway train he was riding.
“I’ve known Frank a long time, since we were we were class mates in grade school.  When we graduated from college we went partners on a car wash and a year later we bought another one.  The next year we bought a third car wash that came with a gas station.  They were all in good locations and it was a pretty good business.  We got good people to run them for us so we didn’t have to be there every day.  It’s great gig if you like a fluid schedule.
“It wasn’t enough for Frank though, he wanted something more.  One day someone he knew asked him to knock somebody off.  Frank took a day to think it over, then agreed to do it.   The guy gave Frank a photo of the target plus a run down on his hangouts, the main one being a bar on 10th St. Two days later Frank lifted a car and ran over the guy when he came out of a bar at 1:30 am.”
“What did the guy do to warrant getting run over?” asked Rick.
“Apparently he liked to place large sports bets with bookies but didn’t like to pay when he lost.
“Anyway it was the start of a new career for Frank.  He told me, ‘it’s like finding money on the street.’
“He found out that a lot of people were willing to pay to get other people dead and he was killing them at a rate of one a month, more or less.  He pretty much used his Sig Saur with the silencer after the first one.  He was pretty organized with the customers; he’d guarantee the target dead but no boutique work.  No message left on the victim for future victims to fear, none of that.  Frank would shoot them and be gone.  That was it.
Frank liked to get his sex almost exclusively from high class call girls.  It started after his wife left him and it was probably connected to that although I never asked him.  Anyway he liked the high class hookers and he treated them well.”
“I imagine they treated pretty well too.”
“No doubt, that’s what he was paying them for.  But he went above and beyond the call of duty on occasion.  One time he noticed bruises on one of his regular girls.  He asked her what happened and she said a customer had beat her up.  Frank got her to give him the guys name then gave her some money and told her to take a couple of days off.  He waited a month and then drove out to the guy’s house in Bonita.  When the guy came home Frank shot him once through the windshield then opened the door and told him why.  Then he shot him twice in the head.  It was the only hit he ever did for free.”
“I guess an argument could be made that the guy got what he deserved but I think you could make a stronger argument that Frank was a sociopath.”
Again Bobby said, “No doubt.  Frank was headed off the deep end by then, if he wasn’t off already.”
“Tell me, if Frank was so protective of women why was he trying so hard to kill Gloria?”
“Frank is protective of women he feels need protection.  That doesn’t usually include women who cut him in the restaurant and threaten to kill him.”
Rick nodded, he couldn’t argue with that.  “I have another question, why did he send those thugs to beat us up if he was so intent on killing us?”
“He just wanted to cause you some hurt while he figured out how to do the job.  It was also a bit of misdirection.  He thought if you both got beat up you might figure that was it and wouldn’t be expecting anything more.”
“It sounds like he was still thinking pretty well at that point.”
“I’m sure he was thinking fine until a few minutes ago.  But he lost touch when it came to the two of you.  He was obsessed with killing you and Gloria and he was willing to take crazy risks to do it.
“When I heard how he’d shot at you from the taxi I could hardly believe it.  He saw you downtown and ‘just couldn’t let the opportunity go by.’  That’s what he told me.  I don’t know how many hits Frank did but I know it was plenty.  I know he was careful, professional.  But trying to shoot you that way, only a lunatic would put a plan like that together after seeing you on the street.”
Rick said, “It wasn’t successful but it seems like he got away with the attempt.”
“That’s because no one could place him at the scene due to his disguise.  He had an alibi if he needed it.  One of his call girl friends, who didn’t want to lose a lucrative customer, was going to say he was at her place, but nobody ever asked.  Since no one was seriously hurt the detectives didn’t put too much work into it. Frank was the only suspect but they couldn’t prove he did it, so case closed or dropped in the unsolved pile.
“I’ll tell you something else about Frank, he had trouble keeping his mouth shut.    I told him I didn’t want to hear about his hits but he told me every time he murdered someone, and bragged about the money he made. One time he killed a guy in his house and then went through his stuff, looking for things to steal.  He found a briefcase with $45,000 in it.
“Knowing all this made me an accessory to murder.  Like I said, I told Frank I didn’t want to hear any of it but he didn’t stop, and I didn’t stop him.  I rationalized by telling myself most of the people getting hit probably deserved it – like the gambler who didn’t pay and the guy who beat up the prostitute.  Of course there were probably women who wanted to get rid of their husbands and didn’t want a divorce because they’d only get half the assets and they wanted them all.
“I wasn’t too worried until recently because I figured Frank for a stand up guy and didn’t think he’d bring me into it if he got caught.  But when this whole thing with you and Gloria started I wasn’t as confident about Frank keeping quiet.  I kept on him about backing off but he wouldn’t and he was pissed that I kept trying to persuade him to.
“He was also freaked about the stuff you did to him, not the least of which was smashing up his Cadillac.”
“What makes you think I had anything to do with that?”
“Process of elimination.  Of the millions of people in Southern California, who had the motive and who had the equipment to smash a 5000 lb. car into a 5000 lb. piece of junk?  My guess is not many besides you.  I went down to pick up what I thought would be a car at the parking garage and when I saw it I had to laugh.  Poor Frank has been Wily Coyote to you and Gloria’s Road Runner throughout this whole thing.
“Anyway, things were out of hand.  I like you and Gloria and I didn’t want to see you killed.  I like Fran too, a lot, and I don’t think it would be a positive for our relationship if Frank killed the two of you and she found out that we were business partners.”
“Yeah, that might be a hard one for her to swallow.  But maybe she wouldn’t find out.”
“She’d find out, and if she didn’t I’d spend my days waiting for the shoe to drop.”
Rick and Bobby fell silent and looked down toward the main meadow.  The ooooming had stopped and people were walking away from the circle, going in all directions.  Rick saw Gloria heading up.  He stood up and waved but she didn’t see him.
“There’s Gloria, do you see her?”
“Yes,” said Bobby.  “I’m going to leave now, if she doesn’t see me there’ll be a lot less to explain.”
“I guess, yeah.”
“You can tell her if you want to.  Do whatever you think is best.  Good luck.”
Bobby walked through the trees away from the tent and Rick.  After 80   yards he dropped down to the meadow and headed for his car.


* * *



Chapter 21


Gloria still hadn’t seen Rick yet.  She might have heard him if he yelled but he didn’t.  Then Gloria stopped and looked back at a woman with short blond curly hair, in jeans and a tie/dyed T shirt.  The woman approached Gloria and they talked for a minute and then they were hugging and talking some more as they held each other at arm’s length.  They dropped their arms and talked some more and then, to Rick’s horror, they started walking together toward the tent.
“Oh God, please no!” Rick said, as he watched them advance.
He imagined them reaching the tent, Gloria wondering aloud where he was, calling him, then opening the tent, Gloria and her friend seeing Frank laid out in his charcoal suit, his hat by his side, a hole in his head, sleeping the big sleep.
He decided he’d have to run down to meet them and somehow turn them back.  Just as he was about to start Gloria and the girl stopped walking.  Rick watched them talk a little more and each write on small pieces of paper, which they exchanged.  Then they hugged again, and the blonde girl started back down the hill.
Rick looked up at the sky, at large, white clouds floating by.  He put his right hand to the side of his forehead, saluted the sky and vowed to make a more of an effort to appreciate nature.  Then he thanked God that Gloria had stopped before reaching the tent and spared herself, himself and the other woman from the mother of all awkward moments.
“Rick!”
It was Gloria waving from about half way down the hill.  Rick started walking toward her, as fast as he could without falling.  She walked toward him, not toward the tent as she had been doing.
When they reached each other they hugged and Gloria said, “I need to sit down for a minute.”
Rick sat next to her and turned to look at their stuff which looked secure enough.  “How was the om circle?”
“It was okay.  A lot of interesting looking people there.  My arms are killing me though, all that holding hands.  Are you ready to go?”
“Yes, all the stuff is packed and right up there.”
“What about the tent, why is it still up?”
“This guy I’d talked to before came by and he really needed a tent so I let him have it.”  Rick figured that was true, Frank did need it.
“Good, one less thing to carry back.  I’m tired, let’s get our stuff and get

Rick drove and Gloria slept off and on all the way to Reno where they gassed up and used the bathroom to change into clothes that wouldn’t keep them out of a hotel.  They rented a room at the Sands Regency and each took a hot shower which felt like a shower can only feel when you haven’t had one for a while. They ordered room service, watched a movie in the room, enjoyed a quickie, and went to sleep.
The next morning at 6:30 am Gloria and Rick drove out of Reno on the 395.  Gloria insisted on driving first since she hadn’t driven the day before, and in fact had slept most of the trip.  Rick used Gloria’s mini-max to find the mileage from Reno to Bishop.
“It’s 203.5 miles to Bishop.  Four hours and three minutes driving time.”
“We should be there just in time for….. brunch.”
“Do you think they serve brunch in Bishop?”
“If not we can get a late breakfast or an early lunch.  Tell me, how did you like the Rainbow Gathering?”
“I liked it.  It was different, as different as anything I’ve ever been to in my life, but it was fun.  How about you, how did you like it?”
Gloria looked over at Rick and said, “I enjoyed myself.  I wasn’t sure I was going to but I did.  It was nice to see Meg after all these years.  She’s the woman I was talking to right before we left.  It was amazing that she recognized me.”
“You didn’t recognize her?”
“No, not at first.  I did after we started talking and she reminded me of some things that happened at the Gatherings we were at.  Once I made the connection I saw that she was the exact grownup version of the kid I used to play with and then I wondered why I didn’t recognize her right away.  The whole Gathering was a blast from the past for me.  It’s probably the last one I’ll ever attend so I’m glad I enjoyed it.”
Gloria concentrated on her driving and Rick leaned back and closed his eyes.  When he opened them Gloria looked over.
“You’re not asleep are you?”
“No.”
Gloria sat up straighter in her seat, her hands tightened slightly on the wheel.  She looked over at Rick, then back to the road.
“He was there wasn’t he?”
“Yeah, he was there.”
“What happened, did Bobby shoot him?”
“No, Bobby was there but he didn’t shoot him.”
“So what happened? For God sake, tell me!”
Rick told the story and when he was done they drove in silence for a number of miles.
Finally Gloria said, “Wow, it’s almost hard to believe isn’t it?”
“Yeah, it is.”
“Did you think it would end like this?”
“I don’t know but now that it did I wish I had figured out something better to do with the body.  It won’t take long before someone finds it in that tent.”

DW and Hugger had just finished eating at a kitchen near bus village.
“What do you think Rick and Gloria are up to today?” DW said.
“Yesterday they told me they hadn’t decided if they were leaving today or tomorrow.”
“Let’s walk over to their tent and see if they’re still there.  I’d like to say goodbye to them before they go.”
“Let’s do it.”
They walked ten or twelve minutes before they saw Rick’s tent up on the small ridge.  “Looks like they might still be here,” said DW.
The climbed up to the tent and called out but didn’t get an answer. “Take a look,” Hugger said.  “Maybe they took off and left the tent.”
“Why would they do that?” said DW as he pulled back the flap. “Holy shit!”
“What?”
“There’s a dead guy in there.”
“Let me see.”  They switched places and Hugger lifted the flap, using his shirt tail to avoid leaving finger prints.
“Smart idea, I should have done that.”
“Just wipe down the flap when we leave.”
“I’ll do it now, I want to get away from here.”
DW took off his shirt, wiped the flap and put it back on.  Then they walked down to the trail and then put a hundred yards between them and the tent.  They sat on the opposite side of the trail and were silent for a minute.
Then Hugger said, “I didn’t expect that.”
“How could you?”
“I wonder who it is?”  You think it had anything to do with Rick and Gloria or did someone just use their tent to dump a body?”
“I don’t know,” said DW.  He thought for a minute and then said, “Gloria told me not to tell this to anyone but under the circumstances I think she won’t mind if I told you.  The night they got here, and I helped them with their tire, I asked her why she came to the Gathering and she said someone in San Diego was trying to kill them.”
“So you think the guy in the tent is that guy?”
“I don’t know, could be.”
“That would mean they would have to have shot him.  They don’t look like the kind of people who carry and can shoot well enough to put a bullet in a guy’s head.”
“Agreed, but when someone’s trying to kill you it can motivate you to learn new skills.  We’re probably only talking about Rick, yeah?  I don’t see Gloria directly involved in this side of things.”
“Probably not.”
“I can picture Rick taking some lessons and plugging a guy who is trying to kill him and his girl friend.”
“Especially if the killer traveled all the way up here to do it. You wouldn’t come this far unless you intended to finish the job.”
”Right.”

Hugger and DW sat and looked down the trail and up to the tent.  “Any ideas? said Hugger.
“Not a one.  How about you?”
“I got one. Let’s bury the sucker.”
DW thought for a moment and said, “Yeah, that could solve a lot of problems, if we don’t get caught.  Where were you thinking to do it?”
“On the other side of the tent.  A few feet down the slop it levels off making a good place to dig.    Between the tent and the slope there should be plenty of cover.“
“Let’s do it dude.”
“We’ll need shovels.”
“A. Camp, they should have some extras since they’ll have less fire inspections with so many people leaving.”
“Should we go together?” said DW.
“How about I’ll go and you make sure no one gets into the tent.”
“Okay, but how am I supposed to do that?  I’m not going to wrestle them to the ground and tie them up until we’re done.”
“You’re a people person, talk to them, entertain them, tell them why you’re called DW.”
“Yeah, that will tie them up for awhile.  Probably no one is going to go up there anyway.  No one has since we’ve been sitting here.”
“There you go.  I’ll be back soon.”
DW watched Hugger head off toward A. Camp.  When the trail and Hugger turned out of site, DW went back over and found a spot where he was close to the tent but not close enough that anyone would think he had anything to do with it.  He figured, he wouldn’t have long to wait.  A lot of people had the perception that a doper  was a slow, laid back type who didn’t get much done because he couldn’t or wouldn’t.  DW knew that Hugger wasn’t that guy.
Hugger was a business man/grower who every year walked hundreds of miles over federal land planting seeds that yielded an always in demand cash crop.  He was hugely successful but never talked about it, something that DW really admired.  DW knew a number of people who were now guests of the government because they couldn’t keep their mouths shut.
DW wished he could convince Hugger to work with him.  He knew they’d both make more money, and after all making money was one of the main reasons they were in business.

As Hugger approached A. Camp he saw two men laughing and wrestling with each other.  He could tell they were mildly drunk and just having fun and were nothing to worry about.  Across from the wrestlers was another guy in typical Rainbow attire, short and drunker then the wrestlers.  As Hugger approached the man said, “Welcome to A. Camp, come right in and we’ll show you the secrets of the universe.”
“Thanks,” said Hugger, “I’ll catch you on the way out.”
Then Hugger saw a tall guy in a sleeveless shirt with A Camp tattooed on a muscled arm.  He was leaning against a tree and was holding the handle of a shovel, the blade resting in the dirt.
“Hello,” said Hugger.
The man nodded.
“I need to get a hold of couple of shovels, can help me?”
“What do you need them for?”
“A few people up at bus village have their vehicles dug in and we want to help them get out.”
“I could probably get a couple of guys to go up and do it now.”
“Yeah, that would be good except that a couple of the people that need help are a pair of sweet sisters that my friend is enamored with and is pretty set on helping personally.”
“So your friend is enamored with them but you’re not?”
“Not as much as him, but yeah, I’m slightly enamored.  If you saw them you’d understand why. You might become enamored yourself.”
“I wish I could help you out partner but we need the shovels for our fire checks.”
“Yeah, but your fire checks will be cut in half with so many people leaving, right?”
“We’ll still have to check their campsites to make sure everything’s safe.”
“I’ll tell you what,” said Hugger, as he reached into a pocket and pulled out a baggy half full of weed, “this is prime stuff, mostly flower tops, no stems or seeds.  You can roll yourself a joint and smoke it while you look for another shovel.  If you’re back here in 15 minutes I’ll give you the bag and I’ll have the shovels back by tomorrow morning.  Deal?”
“You got papers?”
Hugger pulled a pack of Zig Zag papers from his pocket and tore one off.  “What’s your name?”
“Tall Guy, that’s my Rainbow handle.  A few years ago they called me Guard Dog because I caught a guy who was going through people’s stuff and helping himself to what he liked.”
“It didn’t stick, huh?”
“I made sure it didn’t.  Who wants to be called a dog?  I guess it’s alright if you’re 18 and you and your friends all call each other dawg.  Or you’re Big Dawg, the TV skip tracer who hunts down bail jumpers with his wife and sons, in a black SUV as big as a tank.  Anyway I don’t want to be called dog or dawg so Tall Guy is an improvement, until I come up with something better.”
The joint rolled Hugger struck a match and Tall Guy took a hit that filled his lungs.  “I’ll be back soon,” he said in the high strange voice that all dopers use when they want to talk but don’t want to exhale.
Twelve minutes later Hugger saw Tall Guy walking toward him with a second shovel.  When he got closer Hugger saw he had blood shot eyes and a smile on his face.  Tall Guy walked over and got the shovel that was leaning against the tree and handed both of them to Hugger.
“Good luck with your rescue efforts.  I hope you impress the honeys.”
Hugger handed him the baggy.  “I think they’ll be impressed that I got the shovels.  They didn’t think I’d be able to.”
“Keep the shovels,  you don’t have to return them.  Give one to the sisters so they’ll be prepared the next time they get stuck.  And thanks for the high grade weed,” said Tall Guy, as he held up the bag. “This is serious shit.”

When Hugger got back DW stood up, nodded at the shovels and said, “Nice work, what did they cost you?”
“Half a bag.”
“Wow, you gave them a great deal.”
“I can afford it and we need the shovels, right?”
“Right,” said DW as he took one from Hugger.
They walked up to the tent and then behind it where the ground dropped a couple of feet before leveling out.
“A perfect spot for it,” said Hugger.  “You want to start now?”
DW used his foot to push his shovel into the ground. “We’ve got to dig at least six feet down if we don’t want the animals digging him up.  By the time we finish it will be dark which will give us cover to toss him in and cover him up.”
“So let’s do it and hope no one gets curious about the tent.”
The ground was full of unruly wild grass so they used their shovels to cut one foot squares in the earth which they then cut under, pulled up, and set aside to return to when the job was done.  The ground was damp but not wet or heavy and the digging went faster than they’d expected.  They whispered a little now and then and every so often DW would walk out by the tent and look down at the trail.  No one seemed interested in the tent or anything near it.
When the hole got to three feet it was too deep to dig from the rim so they worked from inside the hole.  They discovered that it was too crowded for the two of them to be digging at once so they switched, one worked while one rested.  They made good progress since the one working knew he’d rest soon so he was able to go full steam ahead.
When Hugger had to swing the shovel over his head to get the dirt out of the hole he realized they’d dug deep enough.  He called up to DW, “I think we’re there.”
DW came to the edge and said, “Yeah, we made it.  Nice work.”
“Take the shovel.”
DW reached down for the shovel then pulled it up and stuck it in the dirt.  Then he knelt down and reached into the hole.  Hugger grabbed his arm and DW started to pull until Hugger was able to grab the side and pull himself out of the hole.
“What about this,” said DW.  “We take all the stakes and poles and throw them in the hole.  Then we drag the tent with the body inside over here, wrap the tent tightly around the body, and roll it into our nicely dug grave.”

The two of them started up toward the tent, happy to be close to finishing the job, when Hugger suddenly dropped to his knees and pulled DW down with him.  DW held out his hands palms up and lifted his shoulders asking, without words, “What’s happening?”
“Rangers,” whispered Hugger.  “Six  Federals on horses.”
“Oh.”
They waited awhile and checked again.  The Rangers were gone but DW and Hugger needed a minute before they continued.  Hugger said, “That was a bit of a wakeup call, eh?  Makes you realize you don’t want to get caught burying a stiff in the middle of a forest on federal land.”
“Especially one with a bullet hole in his head.”
“Let’s finish the job and get out of here.”
Hugger pulled up the stakes and used his knife to cut the cords that connected them to the tent while DW pulled the poles out of the tent.  They threw the poles and the stakes into the hole and dragged the tent, with Frank in it, to within 8 feet of the grave.  Then they rolled the body, until the tent was tight around it, and used the cords to tie it in place.
When they were ready to drop the body DW said, “Let’s make sure he goes in face up.”
“Why, you think it’s going to matter to him?”
“No, but if it was me, if I was going into an unmarked grave, I’d want to go in face up.”
“Face up it is then.  You take the feet so you can make sure they’re pointed in the right direction.”
When they got the body, face up and over the grave, they dropped him in.
“I’d like to be lowered in,” said DW.
“Get it done at Forrest Lawn then.  As you can see, unmarked grave diggers don’t have all the equipment needed for the complete job.”
Filling in the grave went a lot faster than digging it and soon they were replacing the squares of grass and spreading the extra dirt.  The sun had been down for awhile but there was moon light and the two men leaned on their shovels and looked out at the rolling hills and the trees.
DW said, “It sure is beautiful out here.  I can see why you like working in this environment.”
“It’s funny you should bring that up because I’ve been thinking about working with you for awhile.  Try it for a year and see how I like it.”
“Really?”

Two weeks later Gloria checked her mail box and, among the bills and junk mail, found a letter addressed to her.  The handwriting, a combination of cursive and printing, was clearly a man’s.  The postmark was from San Francisco and the return address was illegible.  Gloria sat down on the couch in the living room and opened it.  She pulled out a white sheet of paper and unfolded it.

Dear Gloria and Rick,
Hi!  I hope all is going well with you.  I wanted to let you know that DW and I went up to see you, probably right after you left.  We found something at your place that was broken beyond repair.  We didn’t want you to be charged with littering so we got rid of it for you.  We disposed of it in a good place so no worries there.
You might be wondering how we got your address.  DW is somewhat of a memory freak.  He can recite the batting averages of hundreds of major league players as far back as the 1920’s and the names of every automobile made since 1890.  He memorized your license plate when he helped push your car.  He has a number of acquaintances in law enforcement and one of them used your plate number to look up your address for us.
It was real nice getting to know you and hopefully our paths will cross again sometime in the future.
Take care,
HGR
P.S.  Please burn after reading – both letter and envelope.  Thanks.

Gloria read the letter a second time and then called Rick.  When he answered she said, “Rick its Gloria, I need to see you.  Do you want me to come over or can you come here?”
“How long will it take you to get here?”
“Fifteen minutes, the same as it will take you to get here.  It’s not an emergency but it’s something you’ll want to hear right away.”
“Good news or bad news?”
“Good news.  Details when you arrive.”
“Okay, I’m on my way.”
“See you soon.”
Fifteen minutes later Rick walked through the front door.  “No tickets, no accidents – what’s going on?”
Gloria patted the seat next to her on the couch and Rick walked over and sat down.  She handed him the letter and watched him read it.  Like Gloria he read it a second time.  “Wow, that’s good news.”
“You think they buried him?”
“Yes, they must have. What else could it mean besides cremation and I doubt they did that.”
“That was nice of them to do that, yeah?  And to let us know.”
“Yeah, they were taking a risk.  If they got caught the cops might have figured they were good for the murder.”
“It wasn’t a murder, it was self-defense.”
“Yes, but how could you prove it?  Bobby and I didn’t think we could, so we took off.  Speaking of Bobby I should call him so we can get him this information.”
From her bedroom Fran called out, “Bobby and I are going rollerblading.  He’s going to pick me up in an hour.”
“Bobby rollerblades?”
“I’m teaching him, and in case you’re wondering how much of your conversation I overheard the answer is zero, zip, zilch, nada.  I don’t want to hear anything that might put me on the witness stand and that seems to take more effort these days.”
“Smart and beautiful, that’s my girlfriend’s roommate.”
“She’s your girlfriend now?” said Fran from her bedroom.
Rick looked at Gloria and smiled.  “I like to think so.”
When Bobby came over Gloria had him sit on the couch and handed him the letter.  He read it, and read it again.  “That’s something.  Who are these guys?”
“They’re guys we hung out with at the Rainbow,” said Gloria.  “One of them helped us change a tire when we first got there.”
“You two seem to be a good influence on people.  Earl rides up to warn you that Frank’s on his way and these guys get rid of the evidence.  How do you account for that?”
Gloria thought for a minute.  “Clean living, I guess.”


# # #



Glossary of poker terms used in this novel.   For a more complete glossary Google ‘Glossary of poker terms.”


Bluff – to bet a hand that probably won’t win into a strong hand, or hands, with the goal of getting the player, or players, to fold.
Board Cards – the face up cards in the middle of the table that are used by every player in the hand.
Burn Card – the card put face down by the dealer as a safe guard against cheating.   In hold’em the dealer burns a card before the flop, the turn, and the river.
Flop – the first three face up community cards dealt by the dealer.
Flush – five cards of the same suit.
Maniac – an overly loose aggressive player
Monster – a very strong hand
Muck – to discard a hand.  Also describes the discard pile.
Nuts – the best possible hand in a given situation.  If the dealer flops the 2, 5, and jack of spades and a player is holding the ace, 10 of spades he has the nuts at that point in the hand.
Power House – a very strong hand; a monster
Rainbow – a board with many different suits
River – the last card dealt.  In hold’em it’s the fifth card on the board
Rock – a player who plays few hands, almost always good ones
Smooth Call – when a player calls when he could have raised.  Often used to keep an opponent in the pot
Straight – five cards in sequence.  5,6,7,8,9 is a straight
Tilt – when a player gets emotional, which often results in poor play
Trash – bad cards that are usually mucked
Trips – 3 of a kind
Turn – the forth community card in hold’em
Wired – usually refers to the first cards dealt a player being a pair.  If a player is dealt a pair of aces it could be referred to as aces wired.


# # #
